  ( which they wo n't , but that 's another issue ) really . 
  ? have you done the math?how much inhabitable space ( l do not think mountain peaks are suitable for settling ) do you currently have available?how much of it its free?how much space the house of an average family of 4 takes?and the rest schools , hospitals , roads and the other urban infrastructure ? 
   what do you mean with `` are mostly illegals '' ? 
  i do n't think illegal immigrants are actually a big problem here . 
  there are problems with people within the eu ( bulgarians and romanians ) coming here and essentially living here illegally , although it 's hard to prove and our current laws can not handle it well . 
  but anyway , that 's a completely different issue . 
  oh god.what do i mean with illegal?immigrants that did n't take the lawful route to immigrate.they did not ask if we wanted them.they have not asked our permission.they just barged in.i am pretty sure if 20 total strangers barged in in your home without invitation and settled on the place you would be calling the police to arrest them and kick them out.but you do not seem to be as sensitive for your own country . 
   and we do not take in everyone , and we do n't want to take in everyone , i 'm just saying we can take on a lot of them , and so could a lot of european countries if they wanted to . 
  we would want you too as well , to help us out . 
  but if you do n't want to , then fine ... you can take a number of them.we have taken a lot and they are still coming in wave after wave because we have sent the wrong message to them.time to send them the correct one.illegal immigrants you will not make europe your home.want a chance with us?apply legally and come only after we invite you . 
   the middle east is surprisingly low in population actually , there are some africans , but most of those are not coming to sweden , at least not at the moment , it 's mostly syrians right now , some somalis and iraqis , but still , the populations of those countries are not actually massive . 
  60-70 millions . 
  and not all of them will come to europe , even out of everyone fleeing , most will not reach europe , but are stuck in refugee camps in neighbouring countries . 
  oh pretty low you say?you can take it you say?come in kos and other greek islands and see what is waiting for you . 
   space is about the only thing we have here , in case you did n't know . 
  fresh water , forests , some mineral deposits in the north , and lots and lots of space . 
  that 's the natural resources of sweden . 
  still there is a limit to your space . 
  but there is simply no limit to the incoming immigrants who are mostly illegals . 
  just compare the populations between europe and asia or/and africa . 
   if you gives us a century or so , sure , i believe so . 
  i on the other hand do not think so.there is a limit at how many people one land can support.and there is also the issue with overcrowding that breeds aggression and societal collapse.there are some very interesting experiments performed in mice , where mice where allowed to breed uncontrollably in a fixed space.new food was provided and waste was disposed by the human caretakers.but when their population hit a certain limit horrible things started to happen.mothers would eat their young.young males would form gangs and attack other mice.other young males lost every interest in mating and they would only eat and lay around lazy.they had food , their habitat was clean.what they lacked was space . 
   no , i said that . 
  if we 're going to keep people in refugee camps indefinitely , they will be a cost to our society , that 's fairly obvious , you ca n't keep feed and house people for free . 
  if we manage to integrate some of them , at least they will pay for themselves . 
  do n't you understand that this is equal to an open invitation?the whole point is to make sure that they will not make europe their home.europe took hundreds of thousands of them already ( refugees and illegal immigrants ) and we are struggling with the current numbers , meanwhile the influx does not stop.the message that europe must send just like australia is that the open season is over . 
   given enough time , probably everyone . 
  yeah right . 
   the question is at which rate we can integrate people i disagree.both the rate and the number matter.can you integrate ten million people ? 
   nothing unites more than a foreign invasion . 
  yeah like in iraq huh?much unification there . 
   so ... how would not integrating anyone help us ? 
  at least in sweden , most immigrants are actually learning the language and getting a job and stuff , although a big part of them do not manage that , which is a problem . 
  but with your idea all of them would be a burden to our society , not just the `` failed '' ones . 
  i really ca n't see how that would help . 
  i never said that all of them will be a problem with our society.but there are already problems with the current influx and that influx simply does not stop.and we must stop it or reduce to manageable numbers . 
  how many more people can sweden intergrade?there must be a final number and the same goes for the rest of europe . 
   then why take them in in the first place ? 
  because we have to obey the current international law which protects refugees.i happen to agree with the law and i propose a way to protect refugees until their homeland is safe for them to return.after all a refugee is someone who was forced to leave his homeland and wants to go back at some point . 
   i 'm pretty sure almost everyone in syria wants out , and would be considered refugees because they are , after all , fleeing from the war i am pretty sure most of them do not . 
   it 's a lot easier on our economy to integrate the refugees into our society instead of just housing them for what could very well be several decades . 
  no it is not.there are already problems with integration with the current numbers of immigrants/refugees . 
   and even when/if the `` dire situation in their country '' is resolved , they still would n't have any homes there , and would just become refugees in that country instead if we send them back . 
  that is their problem.i will not sacrifice europe for them . 
   despite being not the definition by law as yourself stated before the law varies but unwanted penetration is still the most basic definition of rape . 
   there are variations of this laws that are only applicable on women , that only count penetration of the vagina and being often worded that only men can become rapist . 
  yes there are.unwanted vaginal penetration was the original definition of rape as a sexual crime , penetration of other orifices was called sodomy and that included male victims as well.correct me if i am wrong but people who sodomised/raped males were not left unpunished . 
   where ? 
  in many countries of the world.the very paper you cited , defines rape as such . 
   there is a movement to replace the old woman centric laws why is the definition woman centric?a male can get penetrated as well !, 
  ok why not going to the countries like syria that actually have refugees and taking any person who is an actual refugee but turning everyone else who enters illegally in europe back ? 
  set humane camps for legal refugees and offer hospitality for as long as it is needed then return the refugees back when the dire situation in their country is resolved . 
  sent a strong message to everyone that they wil not make europe their permanent home . 
   it does , page 24 a , ok you are right.it does say that in being made to penetrate type of sexual violence , the majority of perpetrators were reported to be female . 
  still in order to count it this as rape , you must change the definition of rape . 
  rape is defined as unwanted penetration . 
   did n't i just told you that they put made to penetrate not into rape , despite being it you did read my reply again.they were made to penetrate but the report does not mention the sex of the perpetrator . 
   the numbers from the cdc in the us shows that if you do n't ask if they were raped but if they were forced to sex , the vast majority of rape against males is perperated by females . 
  where did you find that ? 
  the report states : `` male rape victims and male victims of non-contact unwanted sexual experiences reported predominantly male perpetrators . 
  nearly half of stalking victimizations against males were also perpetrated by males . 
  perpetrators of other forms of violence against males were mostly female . '', 
  ( page 3 ) so rape in men is mostly committed by other men.that is what the report says . 
  the report states that other forms of violence were mostly perpetrated by females , not rape . 
  now in the case of males that were forced to penetrate the report states that 1 in 21 men was made to penetrate someone else , also that most of them were forced by an intimate partner or an acquaintance.the sex of the perpetrator is not mentioned.it could be either male or female . 
  i do not disagree with what you say , but i insist we can only draw conclusions from available data and not speculations , that 's just how science works . 
  since though we are speculating here , allow me to do some speculating myself . 
  personally i believe that female rapists are a tiny minority and are mostly involved with statutory rape cases.i do not think it will be easy to find a case where a female physically overpowered a grown male and proceeded to violate him.or that there many females out there waiting a chance to spike a mans drink and sexually exploit him while he is weak mentally and physically from intoxication . 
  both male and female victims experience the embarrassment and the false rape accusations are a small percentage of the total reported rapes.so in similar conditions you see mostly male perpetrators . 
  women do not have the same physiology as men.they are at overage weaker than males.they do not have the same sexual needs as men , they have a lower sex drive at overage.and finally if a woman wants to get laid , she will get laid no matter how unattractive she is . 
  so based on the above , i speculate that female rapists are very rare compared to males and that the reported cases probably reflect what actually happens . 
   the victims may have been drugged or violently incapacitated before the attack . 
  i 'm sure stds are a concern . 
  there could be some butthole trauma involved , especially in male on male cases . 
  mental health support , etc. 
  do not forget collecting forensic evidence in time . 
   wow , seems like feminism is really tearing that country apart and oppressing its male population !, 
  / s looking at your downvotes it is apparent some people do not get sarcasm . 
   fuck you do not feed the troll ... bravo sweden for being a pioneer in helping raped men with emergency care . 
   i think it happens more often than we think , it 's just less likely for males to report it . 
  of course , if you think about some woman raping a man in a dark alleyway , yeah , that 's probably not happening ( not very often , at least ) , but if we talk strictly about non-consensual sex , i think it 's somewhat more common ( not as common as male on female rape ofc ) . 
  the problem is that without reports and some more solid data we can only speculate.what we know for sure is that men are mostly raped by other men.that is what we gather from the victims reports . 
   but when the rape victim is male , is it generally assumed that the rapist is male ? 
  how often is the rapist a woman ? 
  rarely is the perpetrator female.most men are raped by other men . 
   shit is gon na hit the fan all over the continent . 
  my sentiment exactly . 
   lol , yeah that 's why they 're so many streets/squares/statues named after french generals in america . 
  yeah but if i go and ask the overage american who was the person the street/building was named after , how many people will be able to answer ? 
   the idea of universal human rights as the concept is understood today came into existence in renaissance and reformation era europe perhaps , but you can find human rights in their broader definition as far back as ancient persia . 
   you are expecting me to somehow answer for idiots on the internet ? 
  well i was not addressing the question specifically to you but to americans in general . 
   i thought europe is the continent of secularity and enlightenment . 
  well we try to be like that for a long time.we were mostly successful but as kemal ataturk himself realized religion is not easy to uproot . 
   human rights , rule of law , democracy i will gently remind you that all three of the above were established long before christianity , in non christian societies . 
   not a christian continent . 
  yes it still is.christianity is one of the 3 pillars of modern european civilization the other two being ancient greece and rome.i am an atheist but for the sake of historical truth i am perfectly fine with admitting that.contrary to what many people claim here , christianity 's influence was positive as well as negative . 
   great way to get deported to turkey . 
  i wish.the correct thing to to of course is to deport them back to their countries of origin and make a strong message like the australians that we will not tolerate any more incoming waves . 
   golden dawn must be laughing .
