  / s no , with a sheep underarm . 
   g\u00f6tterd\u00e4mmerung oh til.i knew wagner 's opera as `` twilight of the gods '' . 
   because he is more of a scientist than a politician as a scientist lol, 
  did he really resign or will he recall his resignation in a few hours with a tweet ? 
   is n't that what you , as a people , should demand , though ? 
  i demand it.but i have the required education not to be fooled by populists.a lot of people do not . 
   please , make it stop . 
  i ca n't stand feeling ashamed for my country . 
  same here . 
  to eu : do not give a single euro to greece anymore until they come crawling back to the table of negotiations.then demand structural changes . 
   the guy is so convinced , so convinced he 's coming from a negotiating condition of strength because the ecb and eurozone has too much to lose by cutting his nation out . 
  ever heard of narcissistic personality disorder?that 's mr v right there, 
   did he take it back or did he never say it at all ? 
  kinda hard to keep track of it all at work . 
  he said it , then he tweeted that `` the place of greece in the euro is not negotiable , liquity will return and europe ( yes that 's what the clown wrote not greece , europe ) will not be left in parallel currencies '' . 
  europe he wrote europe the idiot still thinks he can scare the eu . 
   with 3 heads and 6 pairs of claws o-0, 
  do not worry guys he took it back.why i am not surprised ? 
  fuck indeed.the only consolation i get is that the very ones that are celebrating the no today in the streets will be hunting mr t and mr v when they discover there are no money left in the banks . 
   highly unrelated , but varufakis looks like voldemort ... hey hey do not insult the great dark lord , at least voldemort was consistent, 
   anyone who voted no is an idiot , by the way . 
  anyone who supports the no vote is an idiot and a moron . 
  do not be so harsh with people.they just are completely ignorant about financial issues.nobody but few bothered to inform them clearly about what is really going on and the voices of those few were drowned by vicious propaganda, 
   plenty of real tomatoes in greece too . 
  to grow tomatoes in satisfactory quantities to cover your needs you need fertilizers , irrigation ( greece is not especially rainy ) , tractors and tools and of course workers.in order to pay for this yo need monies.so where are you going to find the monies ? 
   yes , you are the enlightened one that understands . 
  might as well stop having any elections : if the people ca n't understand what they are voting for surely the leaders they elect also ca n't understand . 
  in the case of elections people have usually plenty of time to get informed.in the cases of referendums people have time to be informed , weeks usually.in this case people had no time to be properly informed, 
   yeah , i too wonder why some people insist on calling the act of letting people decide on their own future democracy !, 
  truly the saddest and most undemocratic of ways :( people are voting without understanding what they are voting for !!!!!!!!!, 
   is n't ketchup a bit capitalistic ? 
  glorious tsiproketsap from imaginary tomatoes is n't, 
   i feel some melancholic feeling in the greek music and art . 
  greek folk music has some really cheery songs but artists usually go by a melancholic vibe because they want to present the various problems and must look serious haha . 
   bulgarian traditional music i really like the polyphony in bulgarian songs . 
   syriza is in a stalemate , they do n't know what to do and even if they do , they do n't want the decision to be on their hands . 
  so they 're giving the people a vote , pretty much the same way pontius pilate gave the vote to the people of jerusalem ... and washed his hands ... you are spot on, 
   psshhhht  better tactic : german politicians and civilians smiling and saying `` greeks please vote no , no , no , no '' . 
  out of reaction and/or suspicion most of greece goes and votes yes . 
   riots will break out tonight . 
  not tonight.but after a few days if there are no money to pay wages and pensions , no money for businesses to pay for raw material to produce goods or do imports . . which will lead them to fire stuff or close altogether ... you are gon na see some riots, 
  there is a a group called `` avaton '' that composed music for sappho 's lyrics.here is one song with sappho 's lyrics and music by them : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ra_iugjfwp0&amp;index=4&amp;list=pllk6xgstam06a07wa_tqrpow09itk13as lyric translation : `` i know humans can not expect to have complete happiness.you can only hope for one small part.the unexpected/unforeseen '', 
  `` epitaph of seikilos '' epitaph ( a grave song a song written on the gravestone ) how fitting, 
   estonia had to borrow money in order to lend it to greece . 
  glad you learned/know the difference between borrow and lend . 
  and you did not have to tell me that , i understood what innlane was saying i just informed him/her about the correct english word . 
   5 papers more than practically every politician in europe . 
  do no bet on it.the point is this guy was presented as a great scientist but he is not.he was presented as a great professor that taught in important universities abroad ( usa ) but he only taught there as a * fellow * not a professor with a chair.i hope you understand the difference if not then google is your friend . 
   and game theory , i.e. 
  the study of strategic decision making , yeah , i ca n't see how that 'd be useful in economics and politics . 
  as every scientist knows there is difference between what you predict on paper with mathematical models and what actually happens in the real world.the real word proved again and again varoufakis wrong.how can you trust a guy that says one thing one day and then takes it back in a few hours?and how can you demand from our allies to trust him ? 
   you mean he 's an actual qualified economist who actually studies economic models and actually publishes peer-reviewed papers about them , right ? 
  varoufakis has only 5 published papers . 
  his expertise is in game theory.game theory . 
   syriza has a very clever economist and a born leader as tsipras . 
  more like an economist that is suffering from a narcissistic personality disorder . 
   borrow lent is the correct word.borrow is used for the one taking the money , lend ( past tense lent ) for the one that gives them.and i am sorry for your national dept if what you claim is true edit : le sigh.help someone to improve their language skills , get downvoted for your efforts, 
   talking about lies . . what?most civilians in greece do not have the required education to understand that if they vote no and the eu stops sending financial help , the greek state will have no choice but to leave the euro.they listen to varoufakis and the rest of the clowns who claim that eu can not kick us out of the euro because there are rules against it.eu does not have to kick us out!we will be forced to leave on our own . 
   there is a law for people living in different areas to change their voting place . 
  it can be done online . 
  he just was n't arsed to do it . 
  people were not allowed to do what you say for this referendum . 
   they said only the applications till 30th april are considered done . 
  so if you did the applications after 30th april you cant vote where you stay . 
  true and if you do not have money to go to your jurisdiction you simply can not vote . 
   do they understand that `` no '' means they will have problems so serious the austerity of the last five years will look like `` good old times '' ? 
  no they do not.you know why?because syrizanel and others have been feeding them the lie that everything will be better with the drachma . 
   which ones ? 
  in short * cut back on public spending * secure conditions that will allow the private productive enterprises to grow but syriza goverment will never do the above, 
   have prices/the cost of living dropped as incomes have dropped ? 
  nope . 
   lol if what happened to them would happen to us everyone here would be smiling  i do not think so, 
   i typed nai into google and it said it was vietnamese for deer oh deer, 
   third i assume is `` finished education '' groups divided on education.the groups are low ( primary school and junior high ) middle ( high school ) and higher ( technological institutes and universities ), 
   are you suggesting that the two bins combined would not give statistically significant results ? 
  i am stating i want numbers not speculation.the company itself says that for those age groups the sample was small . 
   you can see that the general pattern is very strong from the other age groups so i doubt it would be reversed for the ages that the sample size is not big enough . 
   also , you can combine the two age groups into one which would probably be big enough . 
  do you think any weighted average of the two results would change the pattern ? 
  it 's literally impossible . 
  sorry i prefer data to speculation, 
   that disclaimer is only for the 18-24 and 25-34 age ranges . 
  what it says , basically , is that the subset of the sample that was in those two bins was too small to get a reliable estimate . 
  agreed on both counts but it still basically says that the sample is too small for an important part of the youth . 
  ( ages 18 to 34 ) . so i think i still have valid reasons to doubt this is an old vs youth issue . 
   well , varoufakis tells them that with oxi he would get a deal `` within an hour '' , and that a deal is `` more or less done '' . 
  seriously whoever is trusting varoufakis these days is either retarded or not paying attention at all . 
   do not take your grandmothers for voting . 
  or your most educated ones.also do not take a ) the less educated ones ( easy they are mostly your grandmothers ) and ages 30 and above ( the most mature ones ), 
  nai means yes in greek , \u039f\u03a7\u0399 means no, 
   i dmed someone on twitter and he told me they used a sample size of around 1k people . 
  source?and if the margin of error is so small why does the statistical company itself warn us that the sample is too small ? 
   while completely true , it 's the only indication we have so far , and the only basis for such a discussion . 
   other than that , we can only wait for the real results . 
  or wait for a better statistical analysis !, 
  yeah it is very sad that people are arguing about who is more retarded old or young people , whilst drawing their conclusions from a statistical analysis ** that states very clearly that the data are flimsy because the sample was very small ** !, 
  ps i am a biologist and have certain training in statistics.correct sample selection in statistics is of vital importance in order to draw correct conclusions . 
  did you guys see the sub note ** too small ( statistical ) sample ** ? 
   yeah that 's what she did . 
  what 's wrong with that ?
