   o man are we going to see ww2 drachma inflation bills ? 
  zimbabwe step aside , new player is here . 
   haha , joke 's on them !, 
  i do n't even have any money to withdraw !, 
  i only have my half month salary ... which the greatest part of it is supposed to go to my rent ... guess i might not be able to pay rent this month !, 
  rather not reply that ... lets just say it is a big town ... 
   in such a case i would go out and buy petrol , or other imported product 's that would get more expensive in a default situation . 
  i do not own a car ... luckily my job is only a 10 min walk from my house . .  either that or buy bitcoin / iban transfer to a friend outside greece i have no savings ... haha no car no savings i am such a lucky woman ... 
  no money left in atms in the town i live in, 
   so why is that even a consideration ? 
  because i do not shove my inferiority complex/nationalism down your throats and even more as a moderator.you can ignore a common user but a moderator ??? 
   what does it change ? 
  he writes in english so he 's perfectly understandable . 
  it is * tiresome * also his obsession with french f@cked up at least one megathread . 
   them comments , the bile spitting is real . 
  what about we stop behaving like 12 y/o children and let people comment the way they want . 
  do n't like it ? 
  do n't read it . 
  difficult when the poster is a freakin * moderator *, 
   you 're also a minority . 
   what are the last two characters ? 
  yes . 
   glitterbombs away you ... you monster :p \u0395\u03af\u03c3\u03b1\u03b9\u03b9 ... \u03b5\u03b9\u03c3\u03b1\u03b9 \u03c4\u03ad\u03c1\u03b1\u03c2, 
   no , most of them are english/british oh yeah?look again.greeks , dutch , germans , polish people etc nobody fears that the english language will be endangered by french!people are complaining because a ) it is fucking annoying b ) it affects his job as a moderator . 
   but please do !, 
  nope . 
  even though greek lost it 's lingua franca status long ago , i do not suffer from an inferiority complex towards the english language ( well not enough to waste my time annoying people to no end ), 
   essentially wasting their own time he is wasting our time as well, 
   fuck you and eat shit english nationalists !, 
  in case you missed it , a lot of people complaining are neither english nor english is their native language . 
   if it annoys you so much , i might consider doing it too . 
   i totally agree with you and i called that annoying already few months ago , but nobody cared then because it was `` cute and educational '' . 
  yeah , see how that turned out . 
  i was almost tempted to follow him around and reply in every post of his in a bilingual way english and greek.or even better in every major language in europe . 
   jesus just let the guy have a thing instead of being such bitter petty harpies all the goddamn time . 
  it hurts nothing whatsoever . 
  because he is a ) fucking annoying b ) it affects his job as the moderator.that megathread on the beheadings in france for example . 
   wow , interesting !, 
  thanks a bunch  aww thank you , 
   o.o oh , this must be a difference between ancient greek and modern , is n't it ? 
   thanks  not sure for the specific case but definitely the pronunciation changed a lot the most notable example i can think of is `` iotakism '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iotacism, 
   yet i will . 
  this is not the case . 
  be assured that everyone who is posting in both languages would be extremely happy if people from other countries were to do the same thing . 
  those people are a minority.an extremely small one to boot, 
   so google is \u0393\u03ba\u03bf\u03c5\u03ba\u03bb in greek ? 
  funny , i would have bet on \u0393\u03bf\u03bf\u03b3\u019b i 'm sorry , i could n't find the proper lambda : / . 
  \u0393\u039a combination stands for the g sound in google \u0393 alone sounds like w in why  \u03b3\u03b9\u03b1 \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5\u03c2 --  for ? 
  why two words ? 
   it hurts the flow of reading and gives off a very obnoxious and arrogant vibe that puts a lot of people into a bad mood . 
  yap or should i say \u039d\u0391\u0399 ( greek ooops i ment hellenic for yes ) ? 
   i would n't see the problem , actually , if everyone were to write in his own language then in english ( or the other way around , i do n't care ) . 
  i 'd actually really like it . 
  ok you like it.in reality it would be a mess . 
   no ... no , it 's not . 
  i mean , not for me , i ca n't say for you of course . 
  it is very annoying especially when it comes off as an effort to cram their language to your throat.do not pretend this is not the case at least with the french.it is known they are a little butthurt that english is today 's lingua franca ( heh )  yes , he is writing in english . 
  but also in french . 
  i really do n't see the issue . 
  read above, 
   ellement ? 
     really ? 
  you know where is this bled ? 
  i can assure you that in france we are all looking for it on the maps . 
  thank god for google maps . 
  oh thank you thank you so much !, 
   why would you need to ? 
  he writes in both english and french ... a ok lets write every comment in all the european languages !, 
  it would be a mess but we would n't want to wound anyones national pride would we ? 
  the thing is that is very annoying to read a comment in two languages!and as far as i know it is only you the french that do it . 
  english is the international language today.get over it !!, 
   i wonder if greek people would really accept to fall in the hands of china and/or russia i 'd rather set myself on fire . 
   we need to break up the secrecy jurisdictions/tax havens . 
  europe should refuse to do business with them until they agree to be transparent . 
  i always felt that tax havens have got to go , by any means necessary , even by declaring war.but the\u03c1\u03b5 is no way european ( and the rest of the western world 's ) governments will do it on their own volition.unless people get off their couches and pressure them till they bleed , politicians will do nothing . 
  you described the situation pretty accurately.i was one of the people who did not bother to vote.there was not a single political party which represented my views that is that we had to drastically reduce public spending and support the private sector with a reasonable tax system.and you are right about the people , only a minority actually believes the bullshit of syriza mostly are just desperate . 
   there are lots of people that can afford medicine , heating , electricity or even groceries they can because we have not reached the default yet.because our economy is supported with external loans.face the reality . 
   as a publically identified as a greek i choose you to be target on my question : how is the living on the basic greek , who have a job and gains somewhat mediocre ( or just a bit lower ) payment for it . 
  life is still totally okay on them , right ? 
  life is tough even for the lucky ones like me that have a steady job and earn above the minimum wage . 
  it will get a million times worse when we lose the support of the eu and the imf . 
   tomorrow greece will issue its new bonds with a yield less than german bonds , as it is now debt free . 
   economists from around the world , hail mrs. kostantopoulou ( president of the committee and chairman of the greek parliament ) on her ground breaking financial idea . 
  her nobel prize is in the works as i type these words . 
   tl ; dr : we have gone full retard . 
  sad thing is , many of my compatriots believe this type of bullshit and wait for the debt to magically disappear :-( well as i was saying only a crash and burn will wake them up . 
   so we have n't been suffering any consequences the past 7 years ? 
  i must be in the wrong country ... we have.but they are very mild compared to what is coming with an uncontrollable default . 
   ultimately , this is simply never going to be resolved until greece is forced to face the damage and impact of its choices and suffer the consequences . 
  everything else but suffering a nasty crash , withdraw , and recovery will end up exactly where we are this very second . 
  i agree . 
   greek logic !, 
  i guess he needs those free euromonies now !, 
  his greek logic.my greek logic is very different ... 
   so a public sector deficit means the private sector is in surplus and has increased it 's financial wealth . 
  by extension you reduce the public sector deficit you also reduce private sector income ... unless you 're germany running huge trade surpluses . 
  one sector 's surplus is always going to mean some other 's deficit . 
   basically , private savings = private investment + public deficit + ( exports - imports )  the problem is n't the public sector . 
  again waaaat?public sector that does not produce anything that brings money to the public coffers does not help the advancement and development of the private sector.why is this so difficult to understand ??? 
  ? in previous years the greek public sector did bring money to the private but it was through loans.lots and lots of loans with very high interest.and at one point things go so bad that nobody wanted to loan us anymore money.and we defaulted.i can not believe you are unable to comprehend this .
