  getting a `` government job '' when the uncle was elected . 
  that is a bitter truth a lot of people here do not seem to realize.it was implemented originally by pasok-gpsp ( the greek panhelenic socialist party ) that created a system of a huge public sector that employed people with high benefits and payed all those bills by borrowing large amounts of money ( the private sector `` benefited '' by the public servants spending money on it ) . every goverment that tried to fix that either had to back up or did not last long . 
   what greeks want never mattered in greece last time greeks demanded something ( democracy after ww2 ) we got bombed wat.are you reffering to the greek civil war?that had nothing to do with a party of people demanding democracy ... the greek communist party refused to participate in elections and rose in armed rebelion that costed more lives and property damage than ww2 . 
  kke ( the greek communist party gcp thats the correct acronym in english by the way ) will never agree to be in a coalition with syriza ( coalition of radical left ) or any other party for that matter.they live in their own parallel universe . 
  oh what a lovely specimen of a `` kagouras '' ! but i do not think they ever come close to a chav.a `` kagouras '' is someone who tries to draw attention with their motorbike , car or way of clothing and behavior.i really can not think of a subculture in greece that comes even close to a chav . 
  if you got the flu chicken soup . 
  if you got diarrhea then `` lapas '' which is boiled rice in olive oil and water with a little salt , lemon juice and pepper, 
   how can you forget ? 
  i had forgotten about it until now ... whyyyyy oh whyyyy did you have to remind me ???? 
   what 's the big deal about eressos ? 
  eresos , a small village in the western side of the island and sappho 's birthplace , is an international holiday destination for homosexual women ... 
   what do they do here ? 
  is n't it the terrible place from where lesbian love comes ? 
  lets just hope they will not venture to eressos ... 
   i do n't even want to think what will happen when these people realize europe is n't all rainbows and unicorn farts remember what happened to sweden , when it was decided to cut down on those benefits?riots!bad , bad europeans not wanting to give us free moneys !, 
  next time they complain about being constantly fed pasta , tell them sorry we just run out of lobster and caviar . 
  oh my god what ... what . . what is this ? 
  thanks, 
   he 's so disliked his party is the biggest in the polls . 
  just out of curiosity what percentage it takes ? 
   as the police department now reports , the second suspect , a 27 y/o libyan citizen , has appeared at the market once again this morning . 
  ok what a nerve!hope the germans fuck that asshole up !, 
   so the old testament is n't `` valid '' anymore ? 
  did god change his mind ? 
  did n't jesus say that he came to introduce a new law `` love the other as one self '' , `` turn the other cheeck '' , `` he who casts the first stone '' etc ? 
  theologically christianity is very different than judaism . 
  of course is not a matter of god changing his mind.some people starting with and inspired by jesus teachings , changed their minds as to how to treat other people and claimed god told them so.this happens with every religion , a group 's beliefs is validated by an alleged divine approval . 
   the bible says a lot of the same crazy shit like beating your wife , stoning people , human sacrifice , and so on ; the old testament says those things . 
  the new testament ( which is the text christians should base their beliefs on ) does not . 
   will anyone change their minds because idiots interrupt meetings ? 
  no , quite the opposite , they will be even more enraged . 
  they will reject our values even more , is that what we want ? 
  something tells me changing the minds of the muslim radicals was not the femens intended purpose , the intended purpose was putting that disgusting conference into the light.and they quite succeeded in doing so . 
   they 're even trying to pass a law that would make it unlawful to criticize islam who is trying to do that ? 
   it 's only a question about time before the nationalistic right wing forces take control of europe again , sadly . 
  i prefer it to submitting to fucking islam . 
  ok.next conference proposed : is it ok to beat the shit out of the ones that beat their spouses ? 
   you have to understand that this is a pretty standard discourse in many french mosques though ... oh goddamn!france : libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9!where are you going ? 
   though i would 've gone another way about it , like pulling the fire alarm or barging in with as many people as possible while playing girls just want to have fun . 
  owww you are a creative one !, 
   're doing both . 
  so no , we do n't have to accept it in france . 
  so is anyone reporting those muslims in the authorities?did a public prosecutor moved to sent this thugs in jail ? 
   it was in self-defence , she showed him her boobs . 
  nuh , he was just afraid his beloved goat would get jealous !, 
   documentaries like this should serve as a wake up call to what happens if you botch integration and turn tolerance into letting people take advantage of you hear hear !, 
   he suggested to me that my gay sister needed to be gang raped to fix her . 
  holy shit!what did you say to him ? 
   unreal ... is it possible to sue european leaders for destroying europe ?? 
  if they are breaking the laws of eu and individual states you can . 
  but there is a quicker way to deal with the problem : you can stop voting for them.sent them home.vote for people who will not tolerate radical theocrats . 
   given that islam is europe 's future yeah , keep dreaming . 
   you want islam in europe we do not want islam in europe.we do not like theocracies.we want a secular europe . 
   planted lots and lots of mines in our lands so wandering off the main roads here would be like playing russian roulette . 
  whoa , never setting foot on a croatian field !, 
   and there is truth in macedonia as well . 
  it 's not core macedon , but it was part of macedonia at some point . 
  they 're calling themselves what their parents called themselves . 
  that 's how all nationalities are born . 
  that name determined the region they occupied not nationality!the macedonian slavs were a mixture of people most of them of bulgarian decent.for the love of god their language is practically bulgarian !, 
   part of this identity was foreigners coming to help you and telling you that you were greek during independence . 
  no sir.identity is way more than a name.our identity contains pieces of the ancient greek culture that lasted through the ages.as for the name , it was not given to us by foreigners.it was mentioned by byzantines and their western adversaries way before 1821 ( a pope famously insulted an byzantine emperor as `` king of the greeks '' ) and the last byzantine emperor konstantine palaeologos replied to mehmed ii , that they were not surrendering to his forces because they ( the defenders and citizens of constantinople ) were hellenes . 
   they hate your guts because you 're blocking their eu and nato accessions . 
  and because we hold some of `` their '' precious clay ( like the area around thessaloniki and chalchidiki ) , and claim `` their '' precious historical figures ( like the great alex ) are actually greek . 
   i 'm saying , greece has called itself a lot of things and could 've chosen a lot of paths . 
  if they had picked their roman identity , macedonia would be fine but romania would be hated . 
  ca n't you see how imaginary this all is ? 
  everyone hates liars . 
   my ultimate point is , you created your identity ( hellene ) , the westerners gave you a different one ( greek ) , you used to be called something else ( roman ) , so how can you begrudge macedonia its imagined history ? 
  i was the first to point out that the current greek national identity is a mixture of truths and lies.but at least there is some truth in there.the greek language is spoken non stop here since at least 1600 bc.the huge influence of the greek civilization on the roman one ( and through them to the rest of the western world ) is also there.and if you were more familiar with modern greek culture you would recognize a lot of ancient greek things in it.like the unwritten law of hospitality.by the way greeks is the name given to us by the romans as one greek tribe named \u03b3\u03c1\u03b1\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03b9 settled the italian peninsula ( who was pot marked with numerous greek colonies in the past ) . 
   my ultimate point is , you created your identity ( hellene ) , the westerners gave you a different one ( greek ) , you used to be called something else ( roman ) , so how can you begrudge macedonia its imagined history ? 
  we all do that shit . 
   that 's not to say i agree with some of the things they do ( a status of alexander , what the fuck ? 
  ) , but just let them call themselves macedonia , they 're not hurting anyone . 
  i mean , you let romania call itself romania and you used to be called romania . 
  modern `` macedonian identity '' is problematic to me because : a ) it is a complete lie , they are slavic and not a separate macedonian nation in existence since antiquity who can count alexander the great as their ancestor as they claim.that does not sit well with me in principle because as a scientist i was taught to seek the truth and not bent it for any reason . 
  b ) their artificial identity creates problems for my country.if they had another artificial identity that caused us no problems whatsoever i would be less annoyed . 
  it is simply untrue that they are not hurting us.they do and what is worst they are raising a population who hates our guts because they believe we occupy land that it was their since ancient times and that we steal their heroes and historical figures like alexander the great.no really i do not see that creating any problems at all ... 
  regarding romania greeks do not have not any place of greece called romania , they do not call themselves romans anymore and they do not claim the roman empire as their own . 
   so they do n't care about all the free stuff after all ? 
  maybe they want more and better free stuff . 
   or as it was known back then , roman or romaic . 
  to be called a hellene was to be called a pagan . 
  a secular greek identity did n't emerge until later . 
  the people living in graecia called themselves romans , called their empire the roman empire ( basileia ton romaion ) , and even tried to reconquer the west under justinian the great . 
   they were n't latin , but the empire had ceased to be latin long before the fall of the west , let alone the east . 
  greek had always been a lingua franca of the empire . 
  there is an unbroken history between romulus ' city and 1453 . 
  i mostly agree with the above but what do you mean when you say there was an ubroken history between the city rome and 1453 ? 
   so whatever agreement to finally sign , have them relinquish all claims to greek territory . 
  yeah i do not see them accepting that.the claims come with the false identity.in reality those claims are just based on the fact that they are descendants of slavic settlers/invaders in macedonia ( again using the geographical meaning of the word ) . 
  you ca n't change their identity . 
  i ca n't but i and the rest of the world that sees it is a fake one , are free to point that out . 
   what we call `` greek '' used to be called `` roman '' . 
  not today.may i also add that even when that term `` roman '' ( actually `` romios '' that was only used by the greek descendants of the byzantine empire and no one else as far as i know ) was used , it was referring to the eastern roman empire that was heavily influenced by the greek civilization , to the point that it abandoned latin and made greek its official language . 
   macedonia is not going to declare war on greece for macedon , anymore than greece is going to declare war on turkey for constantinople . 
  you 're in nato , ffs . 
  turkey and greece are in nato and almost got to war with each other 2 times in the last 40 years . 
  as for fyrom although on its own is not a serious military threat , it can form an alliance with a state hostile to greece and be a thorn on our side during the war effort . 
   i mean , it 's not like greek means greek either .
