  call me a sexist but he was such a macho man instead of him huggin his wife to protect her , she hugged him  the anarchists are the ones who attacked him ? 
  there 's penniless people all over greece , varoufakis is n't the one who made then penniless . 
  they know it , i 'm surprised you do n't nope.the others did not make them penniless their income took a hit but they did not lose everthying.pensions still got payed thanks to the memorandum and the financial help it entailed.they screwed up for sure but they tried to mend things when shit hit the fan , to rescue as much as they could even when they knew they would lose a large part of the voters , especially pasok who lost most of its members and voters to syriza ( yeap syriza today is made mostly of the previous ones you know the ones that brought us in this mess in the first place.and you believe they will change anything lol ) . varoufakis and his gang will make them completely penniless . 
   it 's not now why would it be then ? 
  also he handled himself pretty fine when he had that trouble in exarchia . 
  `` my wife hagged me to protect me '' actual varoufakis quote on the incident and in exarchia there were a few anarchists now many angry penniless people will be after him . 
   greece must sign up to economic reforms before it gets debt relief good that is the way to go.and by all the gods , do not accept any kind of `` equivalent measures '' ( = taxes taxes and more taxes ), 
  `` and in order to achieve their goals , they even changed the meaning of words '' ( he wrote that about the demagoges that drove ancient athens to war but it fits perfectly in this situation ), 
   i am totally lost at this point . 
  you are not the only one :(, 
   so because your wealthy ship owners would maybe refuse to pay taxes for their business you guys rather keep asking everyone else for money . 
  have you any idea how insulting that statement you just made sounds for taxpayers all over europe ? 
  gods no!i was not implying that.what i want is to cut back on public spending , create the conditions for a healthy economic growth this is impossible with the current economic structure . 
  only idiots believe that taxes and more taxes will solve greece 's financial woes . 
  ps my original point stands though.you can not force overtaxation to wealthy ship owners.the shipping industry can avoid those taxes very easily . 
   tax your damn shipping lines . 
  yeah good luck with that.shipping lines will abandon sailing under the greek flag and register to a shipping tax heaven country like panama . 
  i mean , it is like some cultures say `` meet you at 12 '' which means anything from 13 and onwards , while i 'd be anxiously waiting at 11.55 . 
  that 's me right there . 
   sorry i just expanded the other guys metaphor . 
  also i do n't necessarily think that he meant to do something stupid he just did n't know any better . 
  he is fucking stupid.not only did he come off to our european allies as a beggar but also as a impudent beggar who managed to infuriate even the most patient of them . 
   he wanted to clean the stables of augeias lol wat?he wanted to support the same rotten system that brought us in this mess in the first place . 
   i do n't think tsipras is qualified to be the prime minister of a country which is going through a major crisis . 
  i do not think tsipras is qualified for anything, 
   here is the letter tsipras has sent wtf ??? 
  ? did an insane person type that letter or did they have to use a monkey?sweet jesus and zeus i ca n't even ... 
  i will say the same to you, 
  me and a lot of other people in greece do not see you as enemies . 
  that is a miracle because a ) there is active propaganda against you by various political parties b ) when you call us lazy and other wonderful epithets unfairly ( or even fairly ) people tend to react negatively, 
   the russian internet says the greeks are 100 % sure , that putin will help them in case of grexit . 
  is that true ? 
  is that what greeks expect to happen ? 
  no , not true.frankly very few greeks believe in financial messiahs these days ... 
   the guy who reminds you of your nation 's past glory , swears that you will never bend your knee , recalls your dignity and heroic acts , discovers ever bigger imf/illuminati/papacy conspiracies against your nation - that guy is always a crook you are so right so right ... 
   eu was not supposed to be a `` become a bitch '' thing though , and we entered based on promises of equality and better prosperity . 
  correct.but a ) if greece did not wanted to become eu 's or anybody elses bitch it should have made sure to have a self sustained economy.greece blew it though . 
  b ) if you have to choose between two evils choose the lesser one . 
   if you like being a bitch - anybodys bitch - good for you . 
  i do not enjoy being anyone 's bitch , but if i have to choose between eu and russia or china i prefer eu . 
   what we see here - and for the last 5 years - is a world class scam to squeeze greece out of its public wealth . 
  bullshit.they tried to rescue us if they wanted to squeeze us out of our public `` wealth '' they could have done it from the start.we owned a tonshit of money and they could take everything if they wanted.what they tried to do is to make us have a sustainable state , what they asked from the start is reduce the fucking public sector and organize our state ( before the crisis the greek state did not even knew how many public servants it employed dude!corruption run rampant aided by the lack of computerization in the public administration , public servants got huge wages and huge pension compared to the private sector ones etc ) the grave mistake of eu and imf is accepting the so called equivalent measures ( = taxes taxes and more taxes ) . they should have not accepted a single one , they should have said reduce public spending or fuck off . 
   wake up you wake up from the word-conspiracy-against-greece dreamland, 
   why not use your credit card to buy all necessary nonperishable items in that case ? 
  things such as rice , flour etc etc. 
  at least you can save some of your money that way . 
  i do not have a credit card ... i have a card i use to withdraw money from my salary lets hope the supper market will accept it ... latest news . . tomorrow both the banks and the atms will be closed to the public ... if this goes for a few days i predict that tsipras will have his ass kicked, 
   he is a courageous bolshevik , whose only unbridled desire is to fulfill his childhood dream of establishing a powerful revolutionary working class movement of greece , which will assist him and be steadfastly committed in eliminating all social classes in greek society , to ultimately build a true communist greece , and propagate this notion of hope and pride to all of europe . 
   totally : the dignity of the greek people in the face of blackmail and injustice will send a message of hope and pride to all of europe . 
  #greece  tsipras . 
  i often wonder what this guy is on and is so detached from reality . 
  dignity my ass, 
   right , so while the country is 300b in debt you were trying to buy f35 that costs 300m a plane alone who is trying to buy a f35?greece?source ??? 
  for i know that we are struggling to maintain our f-16 and mirage fleet upgrading and maintaining our current fleet is good enough for now . 
  money can be spent sensibly on military hardware . 
  edited for spelling, 
   if they never start it sure wo n't help . 
  hell , if even the damned russians could figure it out , why greece ca n't ? 
  well they have not.besides thassos we do not know for sure if there is another location with oil.there is just speculation.it will take large amounts of money and know how in order to perform a research and if one gets lucky and find an oil field , drill for the oil.there is not a single company in greece , private or public owned that has the know how or the equipment for such a thing.so a foreign company will come and gobble up your oil  and why the hell would greece need new tanks and planes ? 
  forget it you have neither the need nor the money for it either way . 
  it 's not lockheed military crap or scams like the f35 that are going to fix the country . 
  they sure will keep some wolves away . 
   and if the turks try something stupid just fund place taksim and erdogan takes the way of the dodo ostrich yanukovic . 
  more wishful thinking . 
  if you want to avoid war then you better have a well equipped and well trained military.if you think taksim will stop an turkish invasion you are a bloody fool, 
   pointing at the big red/black square how much oil/gaz ? 
  there 's a field in the aegean is n't it ? 
  how long till that pipeline works ? 
  oh for the name of zeus are you a anel voter?the aegean oil lol.do you understand that besides thasos there is no other oil drilling operation in the aegean?this things take time and even then oil alone could not help  edit : and there they say there 's dozens of billions of precious metal just lying in the ground waiting to be refined & sold bu no high or complex technology products like computers , airplanes , tanks , cars/ct scan machines etc etc so you would have to sell a shittone of those metals to get one tank or one aircraft . 
   simple question , do you truly think the greek economy is only bananas tomatos dude i am greek.no i am not saying that our economy is only tomatoes.but it is definitely not heavy machinery/high technology products producing either.unless there are greek factories that make and export airplanes/computers/cars / other types of heavy machinery that i have never heard off ... edit looking at your link it is mostly food or raw material we export.so back to my original question how many tomatoes ... 
  even food or raw steel can help run the numbers . 
  simple question how many tomatoes must you sell in order to buy an airplane?or a ct machine?or a lorry?or a machine that cans tomatoes ? 
   and the last thing you just said is what the eu exactly promotes , austerity measures . 
  there were good austerity measures and bad austerity measures to take for the greek problem the good austerity measures would have resulted in the reduction of public expenses for example a reform in the pension system cutting back on wasting money on bullshit , battling corruption in the public sector ( information technology would be invaluable here ) the bad would increase taxes.tax ana tax and tax until the cow ( private sector ) dies unfortunately the eu did not push hard enough for the first approach and accepted the so called `` equivalent '' measures ( eg taxes and taxes and more taxes ) . thus more and more taxes and too little reduction in public expenses . 
  nobody bothered to explain the real problem to the greek people clearly except few brave souls , whose voices were drowned by the fasist-socialist circus ( which has members in every party including the so called `` rightwings '' believe me ) . 
  and so we got syriza . 
   syriza wants to help people but also fix the country like hell they do.all they want is to continue the old rotten system of a huge public sector that sucks the private sector dry . 
  somebody that would like to fix things including the eu would push for a smaller public sector and a stable fair tax system raising taxes that will kill every productive unit will not solve the problem !, 
   syriza wants to help people but also fix the country like hell they do.all they want is to continue the old rotten system of a huge public sector that sucks the private sector dry . 
  somebody that would like to fix things including the eu would push for a smaller public sector and a stable fair tax system raising taxes that will kill every productive unit will not solve the problem !, 
   afp says greece 's request for an extension has been turned down oh thank god.do not give a single euro.if you keep giving this fucked up system we have in greece will go on forever . 
   you want to be as obnoxious as possible and make / r/europe threads completely unreadable ? 
  you 're not alone !, 
  join us and write all your posts in all the languages you know . 
  for multi-linguism and multi-culturalism !, 
  yay !, 
  i love you, 
   the need to build quickly mass production industries to help cover the trade balance dramatic deficit . 
  yeah good luck with that i mean maybe we can build a few factories for food production but that food will not be enough as for high technology products like computers hahaha, 
   what do you expect to do with your euros if we revert to a national currency ? 
  pay a few bills before they run out.they will not last long they are not a big amount.anyone with a lot of savings should have been wise enough to transfer them abroad before we came to this, 
   i 'm on my way to crete for a week right now . 
  have packed plenty of hard cash on the assumption or might not be that easy to get there . 
  you are making yourself a target though ... not from the overage greek but there are crooks out there.please be careful, 
   have fun with being china 's and/or russia 's bitch . 
  we were always sby 's bitch for a long time.such is the fate of the small countries.the trick is to pick your master.i 'd rather be eus bitch than china 's or russia 's ( brrr ... ), 
   megalopoli confirmed . 
  who me?nope, 
   if nobody can pay rent ( which seems likely ) , i 'd think that rents would drop -- if you are a landlord , the alternative is not getting anything you wil still have to pay something ... what happens when you have nothing ? 
  nevertheless there we always be the ones that can afford did woe to the ones who can not ... and of course the ones that have savings in euros abroad ... these will be able to buy everything for a piece of bread,
