  every greek-speaking orthodox in the ottoman empire could be greek , and there 's a lot of ethnically greek people in western turkey that we now call turks too . 
  what greek means?i will tell you what it means for me at least.it means an individual with a greek national identity.blood means nothing.how that identity is created?sometimes with truth , sometimes with lies.for example a truth for greek national identity is that the greek language is spoken non stop since at least 1600 bc in the helladic area.a myth is that there is such thing as pure greek dna . 
   i think getting hung up on an imagined past that we 're all so removed from is a little bit silly ... 
  the problem is that that past is used to establish a national identity ( false or true ) and based on that identity territorial claims are established.so greece is not actually whining about the term macedonia used by non greeks just because it is very clingy on a name.that name comes with territorial claims . 
   claiming that they were n't greeks , alright , that 's stupid . 
  on that stupid thing they claim parts of what is now greek macedonia as `` their homeland stolen by the greeks '' . 
   however they 're bound to share the blood of you guys after having moved there . 
  most of europeans `` share the same blood '' with very little exceptions ( like the basques ) . genetic testing confirms that . 
  ( there is great genetic similarity with northern africa and anatolia as well ! ), 
  it is true that after their arrival in the balkans , ( around 800 a.d. ) slavs settled parts of greece ( who was then part of the byzantine/eastern roman empire ) and it is also true that there was some mixing ( which resulted in some interesting combos like slavic speaking people who nevertheless identified as greeks !, 
  ) , but it is also true that there was mostly conflict between greeks and the invading slavs.that conflict continued well in the 20th and even in the 21th century with fyrom vs greece ( fyrom is the last slavic country we are currently in conflict ) . 
  during that conflict greeks and slavs clashed mainly for macedonia ( i use the term geographically ) . the slavs made numerous attempts to get it and gain access to the aegean sea ( they even collaborated with nazi germany to do that and happily sided with the communist rebels in the greek civil war of 1946-1949 , under the promise of an `` independent macedonia '' in case of communist victory , well that was their final undoing as communists lost and they had to flee together with their slavic allies ) . 
  so are there greeks with slavic blood?definitely.are there slavs with greek blood?definitely.but all the mixing was not enough to erase either the greek or the slavic national identity . 
  i do not think we have anything like the equivalent of chavs in greece . 
   they named themselves after apart of the geographic region and some started to claim greek heritage . 
  no , not greek herittage.they claimed the ancient macedonians were not greeks and that they were their actual decedents.archaeology and history be damned . 
  this is the article through google translation `` flensburg / l\u00fcbeck | despite the lack of papers has schleswig-holstein police can continue his journey to denmark refugees on tuesday . 
  they had refused after stopping its ice in l\u00fcbeck , to be placed in a local reception center . 
  the station was temporarily closed during the day . 
  at flensburg station more than 100 refugees have been taken also on tuesday , as well as in denmark . 
  the policy in sh discussed , meanwhile , not only on the detention of refugees . 
  it remains the principle `` no violence '' in schleswig-holstein , the chief superintendent joachim gutt said on tuesday the decision to continue traveling the refugees from l\u00fcbeck . 
  this was a `` police-operative , not a political decision , '' he stressed . 
  he was supported by interior minister stefan studt ( spd ) . 
  `` but from reasons of humanity , it is inappropriate , looking towards people the protection to use force , '' he said . 
  more on the subject special train arrived with 400 refugees in neum\u00fcnster : about hungary to schleswig-holstein on tuesday shortly after 8 clock federal police had stopped a long-distance train on the way to copenhagen in l\u00fcbeck central station . 
  there were also some 200 refugees mainly from syria , iraq and afghanistan who want to denmark or sweden on board . 
  `` we were completely surprised them , '' gutt said . 
  where they came from originally , was unclear . 
  only 30 refugees could be brought into the initial reception to neum\u00fcnster , as it is legally required in this case . 
  most remained on a platform and were peacefully demonstrating for their onward journey . 
  several had reportedly set to the platform and refused to leave the station . 
  they said they wanted to move to sweden . 
  `` we want sweden ! '', 
  cried the refugees , as reported in-line . 
  other chants were : `` merkel help us . '', 
  they also refused food , l\u00fcbeck citizens offered them . 
  as a result , the station was twice briefly blocked , according to police in the morning `` as a precaution '' , two tracks even until the early evening . 
  via interpreters had been offered the refugees as a compromise , a temporary shelter on the military training area in putlos until their status was clarified . 
  70 of them agreed to initially , deliberate it is on the way but differently . 
  they drove against 17.15 clock with the aim of copenhagen by train on . 
  the remaining 100 left l\u00fcbeck evening at 19.50 clock also towards denmark . 
  gutt is aware of the possible consequences of his decision . 
  it is possible that denmark `` will introduce the door , '' the refugees germany soon again . 
  given the many refugees there are currently , however , a `` crisis management by the day '' . 
  altogether 1,000 people were on tuesday in schleswig-holstein have been housed - as many as never before in a single day . . '' where is this `` in-online '' text?can you provide me with a link ? 
  edit.ok found it on the original in-online in german.so indeed 51 of them wanted to go to sweden to their families . 
   what is the redpill ? 
   there 's a sense of entitlement here that really bugs me . 
  and here is your answer : entitlement.they feel entitled to be fed , clothed , housed , and given freedom of roaming into european ground.the only real question is who/what made them think they are entitled of anything ? 
   what exactly of what the greek government is doing is ` racist ' ? 
  please do not feed the troll.just look at his posting history , highnrich is a huge troll ... 
   he 's french , so napoleon complex ? 
  nuh rather teacher complex.also someone claimed he has affiliations with islam . 
   no , they will face a rather unrealistic task ... well currently they number 22.000 and most of them are young men.they can cause a lot of damage against property and unarmed civilians before the police and the army take over . 
   well , it almost looks like , that you will soon have to get to arms and deal with persians once more . 
  poor persians are minding their own business now . 
   an author can be a poet . 
  a poet is the creator of any written work . 
  still nobody calls sappho or alkaios or kavafis or any other person who wrote only poems `` author '' . they call them poets . 
   another local news outlet talks about multiple fires that are believed to be lit by immigrants in order to divert attention and keep the authorities busy while they march back to city centre and closer to the port . 
  article ( has 2-3 pics as well ) uh oh . 
   if you look at the carton closely you can make out what it says : `` we will destroy the island '' the sane immigrants better pray to allach and the 12 gods of olympus either that the message of the carton is supported by very few lunatics among them or that it is fake.because otherwise , if they really try to destroy the island , they will face hell . 
   what happens to the boats and the captains of the boats ? 
  eventually , they should get out of boats , no ? 
  boats who do not sink ( by accident or in purpose in order to induce a rescue ) are confiscated . 
  the captain of the boats and their accomplices if present and identified ( it is not easy to find out who they are ) are arrested and sent to prison . 
   the problem it does n't matter who is elected anymore . 
  france and uk sent the front national and ukip mps to the eu parliament , who are staunchly anti-immigration . eastern european mps are all anti-immigration . 
  there are plenty of anti-immigration mps in the eu parliament but no one has a voice . 
  the eu is ruled by an un-elected extreme left political elite dictatorial apparatus that makes all decisions for the union regardless of the views of the eu and national elected officials . 
  there is no absolutely no democracy in the eu . 
  one of the problems is that most of the anti-immigration parties are borderline crazy with their anti-eu sentiment and with financial plans of zero credibility.i have yet to see a political party that is a ) anti-immigration b ) pro eu and c ) with a sensible financial plan either for their country or the eu . 
  so for the time ( and perhaps thankfully ) the anti-immigration block is the minority in the eu parliament . 
  maybe the eu is ruled by an extreme left political elite for now.but it will not be forever , especially as the pressure from illegal immigration pushes the eu citizens to their limits.also i do not think the eu parliament is completely powerless.finally each eu member 's government does have a say in the eu politics.so sent people willing to stop the flow both to the national and the eu parliaments.but for europe 's sake people that are in favor of eu and that have a rational financial strategy . 
   it 's time to disband the eu . 
  or elect in the european parliament people who want to stop this flow.and i think it can be done as long as europe decides to recall its open invitation to the immigration masses.but first you must send the correct people to the eu parliament and of course in each eu country\u0384s government . 
  vote for people that will sent this clear message : illegal immigrants will be turned back , no exceptions.refugees will be protected for as long there is conflict in their country and then they will be returned to their homeland.send officers to syria and other war zones , also in turkey to record the actual refugees.take those ( up to a reasonable number ) and refuse to allow the ones who want in for financial reasons . 
   i read somewhere that gd might get a mandate/win the election , how plausible do you think that is ? 
  i wonder how they will fare in lesvos isle after all this mess.the results i predict will be a wake up call not just for greece but also for the rest of the europe . 
   yeah , the author sappho is from lesbos poet , sappho was a poet.a great one too . 
   quick , before this gets deleted and my account banned i salute your bravery sir !, 
   so the greek people want germany to help them but refuse to help others ? 
  actually greek people have helped a lot of these people even though we are for years in a financial crisis.but the numbers of illegal immigrants and refuges have exploded ( 20.000 immigrants and refugees in a isle of 80000 inhabitants ??? ), 
  in very short time and we can not cope.and that is not a problem unique in greece.europe in general faces the same problem . 
   do n't worry . 
  the greek lesbians can seek asylum in germany . 
  ( wow that is a sentence i never thought i would write ) . 
  and that is a sentence that i would never thought i would read . . 
   boy was i suprised when i saw who banned that , he 's usually such a fair and unbiased mod !, 
  was he our favorite francophone ? 
   what are we even talking about ? 
  that might be an issue in greece , but it 's not in sweden . 
  if we do n't accept them , they 're out of here . 
  lol.you think these people cross the aegean to become greek civilians?wake up they are heading for the richer eu members that is the nordic countries , germany and france . 
  they will come to you eventually and then good luck getting rid of them . 
   again , i 'm sure that 's completely true for greece , but what does that have to do with us ? 
  because they are heading for you . 
   ell , yes , but in this case it 's completely irrelevant . 
  housing and infrastructure matters , sure , but not just pure space , we have enough of that to last for several hundred years of immigration , as long other things stay relatively the same .
