   they are still some of the best ones to use . 
  just because the airframe is old , does n't mean it needs replacing . 
  ever heard of metal fatigue?it will need replacing at one point no matter how carefully you maintain them.planes had their wings and other parts detach mid flight because the structures reached their self life . 
   ould have dropped the military budget instead . 
  but no tanks are more important if we get invaded , will your country send troops to our defence ? 
  look man , we do face a serious military threat also known as turkey . 
   i 'm generally a very socially liberal person and against harsh punishments . 
  but i would like to burn those fuckers alive . 
  i would rather make them plant trees until they replace every one they burned . 
   same happening in germany , almost daily we get news of to-be refugee camps being burned down , yesterday some people fired guns at a refugee facility . 
  omg really ? 
   d it 's going to get unfairly harsh for italy and spain to deal with . 
  do not forget greece . 
  but ... but ... these had clothes and armor on ... 
  estonian berserker ? 
   yanis varoufakis was the ned stark of greece wat?ned stark was honorable.varoufakis lied like he breathed . 
   they did . 
  public spending is cut with 33 % . 
  the result : the economy has shrunk with 30 % . 
  the economy shrunk because it was not actual productive the previous years . 
  in the case of greece the state had to take huge loans to sustain an economical system that lived mostly sucking money from the public sector.but at one point , the greek state had to take such huge loans , that they could not afford to repay them anymore.no more loans to feed the rotten system , no more money on the market.so the economy shrunk.what you have now is more close to what the economy deserves to be , based on the existing productivity . 
  ( i say close because we are still receiving financial help ) . 
   expenses were 45 % of gdp , not excessive . 
  not to mention that the problem was tax evasion , not overtaxation the point is that we increasingly spent more than we earned.and such a system is destined to crush . 
   they are better served with a greek economy that is able to pay back debt instead of shrinking each year . 
  good point.so we have to restructure the economy to be productive.that means that the huge public sector has to be drastically reduced ( we the fuck we need 3 public tv channels ???? ), 
  and to create fertile conditions for public investors.that means no overtaxation and a stable taxation system . 
  greece should have gotten the legarde list and and gone `` right , everybody who 's name is here , chop off their heads ! '', 
  greece should have implemented reforms that would drastically cut public spending and help the private productive sector to floorish . 
  the previous goverments did very litle of the above and prefered mostly to tax the shit out of the private sector.and syriza did worst by rehiring the public servants that were laid off . 
   because who cares about the rule of law or human rights , when money is at stake . 
  what about the human rights of the people of europe that lend greece money ? 
  oh and quit the cheap philosophy with me.you want money get your ass to work.greece has no right to demand free money from anyone . 
   syriza have made major arrests in tax evasion cases which previous government refused to do for the sole purpose of gaining trust for example , and do n't forget the fact that syriza have agreed to every reform made by the troika . 
  \u039f\u03ba.the government has no power to make arrests . 
  government 's only power is to make laws.ok?justice is independent so is the police.ever heard the term `` separation of powers '' ?? 
  ? so syriza made no arrests.also syriza made no reforms that could help with the crisis.sorry for yelling but i am so angry right now.syriza 's only made sure to rehire a lot of public servants that were laid of the previous years and to put an end to reforms in the tertiary education ( oh and passed a law that made greece a heaven for illegal immigration.illegal immigrants can actually acquire citizenship with it now.it is no coincidence that the flow of illegal immigration rose with syriza in power ) . only the previous government 's did something meaningful for the crisis.syriza did no reforms.zero.zip.nill.nada . 
   i 'm very worried about the roma . 
  i 've never met a roma and i have virtually no knowledge of romani culture . 
  you are welcome to come in greece ( or any other european country ) and `` enjoy '' it . 
  by the way i like and admire ( askenazi ) jews.they are hardworking , productive and intelligent people . 
   seriously , the roma people in greece are fucked up most of them are like that , but some tried to intergrate . 
  every time roma 's enter a store here , store employees are on their guard.i have seen security personnel in the local supermarket , forbidding the entrance several times to groups of roma people.gee i wonder why . 
   well , the ancient greeks are well known for their tragedies . 
  sadly , looks like our euclid is being forced to write one at the moment ... may i recommend aristophanes?his comedies still make me laugh ( and think ) even though they were writen over 2500 years ago . 
   aww , he 's kinda cute seriously what 's up with the sex appeal of the last two greek finance ministers?first varoufakis became a sex symbol ( i still wonder why ) and now tsakalotos ? 
   [ -- ] englandspeech500 2 points 2 hours ago  lesbos is actually where the word lesbians comes from . 
  in fact , i believe they once tried to sue all the lesbians in the world for stealing their word . 
  or something . 
  he sued the greek homosexual community.and lost . 
   where do you think is the word coming from ? 
  could it be greek ? 
  lesvos was the name of the leader of the greek party that settled the island in settlement a around 800 bc.he was from thesally.interesting fact even today there is similarity in the way the people of lesvos and the people of thesally pronounce certain vowels ( lamda for example ) . 
   lesbos it 's lesvos.not lesbos.although the inhabitants avoid to say the island 's name , guess why . 
  `` o theos ena megulos '' pronounce the e in theos and megalos as the e in `` great '' , u in megulos as in `` cut '' , th as the th in theory and the a as in `` pain '', 
   you forgot c ) adopt a shit eating grin every time there is a camera around , occasionally guffaw while everyone around you looks at you unsure about why you are laughing so . 
  i often wonder if tsipras is on something then i remember that when some people get uncomfortable , they tend to laugh nervously . 
   that ca n't be all . 
  that 's all . 
   i seriously think you 're pushing an agenda here a bit too hard even though i do n't like syriza . 
  truth hurts . 
   belgium alone probably had more reforms whist we did n't have a federal government . 
  this is greece we are talking about, 
   so the greek government wants to agree to an even worse austerity package after the whole referendum ?!, 
   i do n't seem to understand what 's going on here ? 
  they tried to blackmail europe for more monies without reforms and they failed.now the whole europe is pissed at greece and want to teach it a lesson . 
  the reforms made by syriza since they got elected into power in a nutshell : a ) rehire the civil servants that were fired.like in the public tv channels , i have no idea why we need 3 public tv channels !, 
  b ) reject the previous reform law in tertiary education that 's it . 
   there was a hot chick eva kaili wow who would have thought that eva would gain international fame ... 
  `` oh tell me muse about the man who managed to make angry/even the most patient of his allies/only five months it took/for him to sink his country '' ... 
  he forgot to add `` some members of the bank that expressed doubts about the gift got attacked by huge sea serpents '' . 
   it leaves two of the three biggest systemic problems of greece largely unaddressed : retirement system and public employee head count . 
  good points that 's what i have been saying all along the problem is structural and imposing more taxes will not solve it . 
   no , it has n't . 
  that is true.in recent polls greeks favored the euro by 70 % yet they still went and voted no at 61 % . so it was not made clear that rejecting the agreement could result in a grexit, 
   was he even voted in parliament ? 
  yes . 
   but he stays a member of the greek parliament or what ? 
  he was elected so he is still a member of the parliament . 
   taxes are part of the reforms , a big part . 
  not if they are strangling the economy !, 
   there will be no new deal , im sorry if the greek people was misinformed that there was a chance of that , there is not , and it has been told again and again . 
  i would not bet on that if i were you for the rest whatever, 
   those types of people tend to be charismatic . 
  and he definitely is that . 
  true that ... even today where it is very obvious he lied like he breathed he has devoted fans, 
   seriously , i am beginning to think the man is a psychopath . 
  narcissist, 
   i ca n't see what the negotiations would be about , you have no money and the greak people just voted no to paying actually the vote was do you accept a memorandum that is full of taxes and very little reforms?yes or no ? 
   the only only negotiations there is now is how do you leave ez and how do ez make sure you have food untill you 're out . 
  actually forming a coalition government that will negotiate a more viable deal is in the works right now  have the greak talked about how they will get food ? 
  yes . 
   i mean you do n't have the agriculture to feed yourselves , this is what the talks in greece should be about now !, 
  we know.remember eu 's policies to reduce agricultural production in the eu ? 
   you really need to stop living in a fantasy world . 
  do not say that to me pal.i am well acquainted with reality.but a large part of our populace is not . 
   trust me , there is no more money and there is no new deal from ez . 
  yeah?i foresee tsipras backing up , there is a meeting with the leaders of all political parties ( minus the gd leader ) right now . 
  by the way quit being so aggressive with me.i accept my dept , i am not ungrateful , i want to fucking repay every last eurocent with a priority to the poorest countries that lent us money.i am not fucking tsipras or the clown varoufakis or any of their fans.ok ? 
   you charge with a bagpipe ?
