  everyone who was at least skeptical about the mass illegal immigration allowed in european soil is laughing now-bitterly . 
   the allahu akbar of black americans , usually shouted when violence is nearby , extremely similar in use . 
   lol remember that island video where they were like `` if this is europe then i 'm going back '' when talking about greece . 
  i ca n't imagine what they expect our countries to look like , their image must be merkel making it rain euros and sympathy tears on arrival . 
  if you think greece is 3rd world you in for a surprise motherfucker . 
  sad but true . 
   absolutely . 
  their hatred of all things english helped create usa . 
  then why do n't the americans remember that?they come of to me a greek who learned about the american revolution in junior high history class ( the french help was mentioned though do the american history books mention the french help ? ), 
  as ungrateful when i see americans constantly insult french people as ungrateful cowards ( `` cheese eating surrendering monkeys '' ? really usa ? ) . 
  i can not imagine how bad the french feel ... ( ps france has a long history , maybe if you bother to study it , you will see that french people showed great bravery and fighting prowess in many wars throughout their history ) . 
   - us servicemen saving the french ... again !, 
  did n't france help tremendously the american revolution with money , ammunition , troops , etc ? 
   it was a joke , really . 
  northern swedes have a reputation for being very introverted and closed-off people which are extremely hard to keep a conversation going with . 
  of course like most other stereotypes it 's funny because it 's partly true , but definitely not universal . 
  oh i see.thanks . 
   northern swedes are n't hospitable to us either :d why is that ? 
   money . 
  there is a limit to how much money europe can give.i do not see any limit to the immigration waves . 
   make a deal with libya to take them if they 're caught right outside their shores . 
  what kind of a deal?btw we have been catching illegal immigrants that set of from turkey like a million times and turkey wont take them back . 
   given that they 're caught right outside their shores , they most likely originated from there . 
  so what tells you that a country ( especially one that already faces a problem with illegal immigration itself ) will be happy and willing to take them back instead of dumping them in our front yards ? 
   alright let 's import africa and the middle east into europe , and that way we can all share the burden of a humanitarian crisis together . 
  ow ow i have an idea!lets trade continents!europeans will move to africa and parts of asia and the africans/asians will take europe !, 
   if you find a ship right outside of libya that is sinking , you obviously rescue those people but you put them right back on libyan soil , and do n't bring them to italy . 
  what if those people are not libyans and lybia refuses to take them in?ask greece how well it goes when trying to identify the country of origin of the illegal immigrants that flood our country.they burn their passports/other identifying documents and claim they are palestinians/syrians or from other places they can grant them a refugee status . 
   again , the issue is accounts submitting nothing but links on one topic . 
  again so what?it is their right to do so , free speech and all.stop with your censorship attempts.stop trying to hide the problem under the carpet . 
  you could be also accused of pushing an agenda !, 
   so when we looked at your account , 18 of your 19 submissions are about immigration . 
   this is clearly a case of agenda pushing and we shall be watching your future submissions with interest ... what kind of agenda is pushing the woman on the video ? 
  why is agenda pushing to report on a serious european problem ? 
  are you out of your fucking minds ??? 
   maybe you live the wrong place . 
  probably in the wrongest place of all europe.greece .30 % plus unemployment , huge financial crisis , enterprises that either transport abroad or go bankrupt etc.none of the benefits you described in the above post were ever materialized here . 
  political culturalism is harmful . 
  other cultures have plenty that is good to offer , just like our modern european culture has plenty of bad to offer . 
  like what?what less advanced civilizations than yours have to offer to you?give me an example  already now , germany will need half a million new immigrants every year until 2050 to maintain , not grow , its workforce . 
  that argument always begs this question : if there is already high unemployment among your own people , why the fuck do you need to import more workers ( well other than drive down wages and crush labour rights ) ? 
   it would create economic growth like crazy and help us maintain our societies in the future . 
  yeah?our political clowns used to say the same arguments as yours : immigrants will bring economic growth , help sustain the welfare system etc.well guess what ; it did not happen.the only ones who benefited from the immigrants were the people who exploited them ( payed them low wages , avoided paying for their insurance costs etc ) , it did not help the economy at all , and drove the local populace in unemployment ( ask my mother who worked as a cleaning lady to support us and could not find work because people preferred to hire illegal immigrants that worked without insurance for way less ) . as for the welfare system , it took a huge blow as insurance and other benefits was given to people who never payed a dime for it . 
  ( the very same people who replaced the local workforce as illegally uninsured workers ) . 
   how about rational planning ? 
  that would work if there was an end to the incoming immigrants.but the influx does not stop and we must stop it , because europe can only take so much ( not just financially but culturally as well.integration is crucial or else kiss our modern european culture goodbye ) . it ( putting a stop ) better be done peacefully , but alas i foresee it will not been done peacefully.europe will be forced to use it 's armed forces one way or another to stop them from coming . 
   sorry , i did n't mean bro badly , just in a silly friendly way . 
  i call everyone bro and dude ( i 'm a woman too btw ) and people call me that too . 
  not meant offensively or with any assumptions about your gender !, 
  i was not offended . 
   as for greece , yes it has received a lot of money for refugees in the past but this number is unprecedented . 
  a lot of money that our goverments did not put to use!i mean they stopped funding us in one point exactly because we did not use them as intended !, 
   nd , not only the southern european governments but also countries taking in refugees from syria such as lebanon . 
  lebanon for example is seeing its healthcare system falling apart due to the enormous pressure from the influx of refugees and the lack of international help . 
  several professionals have tried to raise this issue and press for more commitment from other countries in terms of funding but they have been ignored , the resources provided from international organizations are simply not enough . 
  that does not excuse the fact that greece should have by now increased the number of camps and food/medical stocks , they certainly should have . 
  i 'm just saying that 's not the end of the story and that there is huge concern from medical and public health professionals about the lack of adequate support at an international level . 
  agreed in all of the above.if the huge influx continues , i foresee big trouble.sadly i see no solution whatsoever.even if the war stops we will still get immigrants because most of them are financial immigrants and not refugees . 
   what preparations do you expect to be made when our own island hospitals are stocked-out ? 
  for many many years greece received a lot of money for the refugees.that money could be used to buy food and at least medications if the greek governments ( the previous and the current one ) were competent an willing to do so.they were neither . 
  good.tell them to prepare their homes.we will send about 100 illegal immigrants from kos and other islands in each one of them . 
   the summer heat the summer heat?it is not the summer heat.the numbers of illegal immigrants landing on greek soil especially the small islands of the aegean has exploded under syriza government.the illegal immigrants ( poor souls ) think that with syriza in power they have an open invitation and better opportunities to be accepted in european soil.meanwhile syriza has done nothing in the past 7 months to built accommodations and otherwise make other preparations ( like sending food and medicine ) for their arrival.it is not the summer heat.it is the great number of immigrants that arrive in places totally unprepared to host them . 
  as for the where is this thing is going?i foresee bloodshed in the future . 
   savvas xiros , a greek terrorist with bad blood with the us , also exploited the paraskeuopoulos law . 
  well he wanted to but when usa put him on an international terrorist list he back petaled with the speed of light.guess he prefers korydalos as a jail than guandanamo . 
  can we sent varoufakis as well ? 
   i think syriza is populist but their electorate is communist whether or not they admit it . 
  lol.calling their electorate communist is an insult to communists . 
   it was neither your choice nor our choice . 
  it was the choice of churchill , roosevelt and stalin . 
  neither bulgaria nor greece had anything to choose . 
  greece being not under stalin sphere of influence was entirely due to british stubornness and had nothing to do with people 's choice . 
  i disagree.i think that if the majority of the greek people joined the communists in their coop , then greece would have end up with the eastern block ( brrrr ... )  again it makes me wonder if it was about choice , would n't you would readily choose comecon and its socialism the same way you voted for syriza . 
  you think current syriza are communists?lol . 
   i bet you 'd like people 's ( kangoroo ) court better . 
  or labor camps . 
  or mandatory ( slave ) work in the weekends in the 50s . 
  or mass famine . 
  or turning half the nation into a network of agents that spy on the other half . 
  or rewriting history and mass brainwashing . 
  or loaning excessive debts to keep this stuff going . 
  or army shooting at you if you try to escape and getting a day off if they kill you . 
  that for decades . 
  dude i am not denying that you people had a rough time.but greece not joining the eastern block was greece 's choice.a choice paid with fire and blood.a lot of blood.most greeks chose not to join the communist block and fought against a minority of other greeks ( communists that tried to take power by force ) for 5 bloody years.and the repercussions of that war and that divide were felt for many years.there were concentration camps in greece but for leftists.families were torn apart , people executed , send to prison , to exile etc.and a large part of greece was spying the other half.to be honest the ones that participated in the armed attempt to force a communist regime to greece , cut greece in half and offer macedonia ( not to be confused with f.y.r.o.m please ) to the slavs deserved death.but it hurt greece a lot and for many decades . 
   the only reason why you did n't go through post-communism suffering is that piece of paper with churchill 's writing on it from yalta . 
  and a 5 year bloody civil war that had more loses in human lives and financial damage than wwii, 
  my condolences.i hope you soon arrest the ones responsible and kick their ass . 
   i must admit , i have given up trying to understand greek voter behaviour . 
  you are not the only one . 
   since you are in nato i guess so . 
  turkey is also in nato.last time we almost went to war ( 90s imia incident ) i have n't noticed any nato troops rushing to our ( or turkey 's ) aid . 
   uhm ... government 's power is n't to make laws . 
  the government is the head of the executive branch , which includes the police , and as such does indeed have power to make arrests . 
   they ca n't make laws however , that 's actually the job of the legislative - the parliament . 
  as the biggest political party atm , syriza also has the most seats in the parliament , but technically speaking , the government is n't part of it ( although that differs from country to country ) . 
  the judicative does not include the police , just the legal system/courts . 
   i know i 'm a little late but that bugged me , sorry . 
  please do not apologize.you are right and i was wrong.i went and actually read our constitution on the separation of power segment.there is no excuse for me , i should have read the constitution and not rely on what i learned at highschool . 
   could it be linked with the recent demonstrations or it 's `` just '' arson ? 
  no way it is linked with previous demonstrations.it is probably arson or simply an accident since we currently experience a heat wave .
