oh shut up , aristocratic crap is all the same bullshit . 
  you idiots just have rose tinted glasses . 
  whatever man, 
   in a 100 years time there will probably be turks talking about how amazing all this crap is just like you guys do about your bullshit aristocratic history . 
  i am sorry.do you compare that abomination with this ? 
  http://869d605e2d4503dbd271-3558fdcac34d8f8049b2905b7c3dc18a.r46.cf1.rackcdn.com/13/1/large.jpg or even this http://www.istanbultoursonline.com/images/topkapi_palace.jpg topkapi turkey, 
   wow , almost half the people support it . 
  pleasantly suprised greece is that high , i was expecting way way worse . 
  thats was my reaction when i read the percentage .43 % ? wow.i expected it to be waaayyy lower . 
  as a greek i was pleasantly surprised with the score of 43 % . i actually expected it to be waaaayyy lower.other than that do not lose heart.we maybe not be there yet but we are getting there . 
  i always saw greece as a crocodile ... : /, 
  you beat me to it ... greek nazis in the eu parliament ... i am so proud right now ... 
  `` the greek system can feel like a mexican standoff . 
  citizens wo n't obey the law until the government fulfills its duties . 
  the government shirks its duties because it does n't have enough revenue to govern responsibly . 
  small-time tax cheats refuse to bend until the corrupt elite is tried and imprisoned . 
  the government says it ca n't punish scofflaws because it does n't have the resources . 
  and so the vicious circle turns . '', 
  this still the new electronic tax system makes it harder for you to cheat.also thanks to it the unffair `` objective criteria of income '' that raised often unfairly the tax you were supposed to pay will be lifted around 2014 . 
   during wwi wwii, 
   is it possible to get local people to aid in fixing their city ? 
  yes!there are local volunteer groups like `` atenistas '' that clean areas of the city.but unfortunately it gets dirty again ... 
  there also groups that plant trees in attika areas that got burned in summer fires.but unfortunately ... 
   man , athens is such a dump , but it could have , and could be , so good . 
  please clean it up !, 
  too much graffiti , too many third world drug addicts wandering around ... ( i still enjoy parts of it , though . ), 
   needs more neo-classical construction . 
  \u03a4he mayor kaminis had started a campain to clean the grafiti of the center of athens , take off the posters from buildings and repair and paint many neoclasical buildings ... guess what happened?some bastards ( i suspect anarchists because they have done things like that before ) repainted grafiti over the painted buildings with provocative messages against the mayor and his effort.i do not know if his effort continued ... one of the main problem of athens other than the dirt , is that it has so many ugly blocks of flats ... and of course you have the dirt to top it that make things so much worse ... 
  andreas papandrew from modern times , ephialtes from ancient greece.do we have anyone to hate from byzantine times ? 
  i will start preparing for war ... 
  when i read it i thought `` there is no way london is worse than athens '' ... and i was right :(, 
  my sincere condolences to the dutch people ... it is trully a tragedy :(, 
   sorry for not giving two shits when `` macedonians '' are doing the same thing to greece , claiming they are descendants of a 2,400 year old greek king who created the hellenistic period  basically albania is pulling the same thing on them , claiming skopje as their `` historic lands '' . 
  that entire place is like the fucking twilight zone . 
  yeah it is difficult to feel sorry for them when they appropriate our culture and our history and they make teritorial demands to us . 
  allright , thank you for the information.so i guess i have to double the kudos to the croatian goverment . 
  i guess you are right , being an ex communist take doesn\u0384t always mean you are not heavily influenced by the church . 
   i thought the catholic church was quite powerful in croatia , too . 
  or has that declined ? 
  croatia was an ex communist state so i believe ( and i may be in the wrong ) that croatian church does not have the huge influence that italian and greek catholic and orthodox churches have . 
  and greece ... but in those countries the church ( catholic and greek christian orthodox respectively ) still hold great power ... 
  congratulations croatia !, 
   at least in the case of france they have been french citizens . 
  so its probably difficult to prevent them coming back if they are citizens . 
  i think the war itself may prevent them from coming back , if you know what i mean ... 
   because de-radicalize them yeah good luck with the de-radicalization thing ... 
   f u ignore that veluhiotis was working against the gcp intrests during the occupations in seting up that ? democratic network ? 
  ( i rly dont know what to call the selfgov network ) he was setting bybassing any idea of central command then yes they only started hating him after the war . 
  they wherent commies dude they just didnt want a british king . 
  gcp ofc claims that they where but them not caring about its orders says all there needs to be said about that . 
  who was n't s a communist?velouhiotis?he was a communist through and through.he commited suicide when the communist party kicked him out for gods sake!what democratic network?what kind of democracy exterminates someone who voices a different opinion?elas established a reighn of terror in the rural areas exterminating anyone who refused to join its ranks and swear loyalty to the greek communist party . 
  tell me something i do not know . 
   so you do have right wing blinders on . . you understand that they hated him cause he wasnt obeying them and still think he was their obedient gofer that would deliver greece to stalin !?!, 
  its amazing the conflicting things ppl with right/left wing blinders can hold in their heads . 
  there is no confict at all . 
  aris veluhiotis became a black sheep when he refused to obey the gcp orders to lay down his arms . 
  ( when the gcp agreed to temporary stop the rebelion in varkiza treaty ) . simple as that.aris velouhiotis simple refused to stop fighthing and the gcp exterminated him moraly forcing him to commit suicide as there was nothing to live for . 
  what lies?gcp declared publicly at least twice , twice , once before ww2 ( 1924 read http://realkke.wordpress.com/2007/10/23/zito-i-aneksartiti-makedonia/ ) and once during the greek civil war of 1945-1949 its decision to practically give greek macedonia to slavs . 
  ( a united and independened macedonia and thrace gcp declared ) . earth and water it was offering in order to gain their support and take over greece with their help . 
  why stop the flow of fighers to syria?i presume they are fanatic muslims who lived in denmark and want to abandon denmark to go fight in their jihad.let them go and good ridance . 
   elas wasnt doing that it was creating an independed cooperative government among the ppl in rural and mounten areas the gcp hated velouhioti as much as the right you seem intrested , dig more you 'll figure it out . 
  lol.elas was the tool of the gcp and the greek communist party had one goal in mind : to take over and rule greece and in order to do that not only they rose in rebelion whilst they where offered the chance to participate in democratic elections but also offered greek macedonia to the slavs.twice . 
  as for aris velouhiotis he was only hated when he dissobeyed orders and refused to be an obedient sheep to the communist party leadership.that is the fate of everyone that displeased the greek communist party then.first the moral extermination ( slandering the victim as traitor , spy , capitalist agent etc ) and then the physical extermination often by torture.today they follow the same attitude without the torture and murder , the latter because they were defeated and not allowed to rule.i dread to think what would have happened if they won the war.goodbye greek macedonia for starters , then a reighn of terror and slaughter . 
   err ... thats is near the end of the war ... about 2 years to late to be the start of zervas 's anti elas campain . 
  also am not sure how much i can trust that site . 
  not saying its rightwing bs but am not sure it isnt have to check out the site some more . 
  would you like a source from a pro communist blog that admits the fact ( that psaros was murdered ) although it tries to attribute the killing to the action of a single hot headed elas guy?it also states that they hunted psaros because psaros forces attacked elas forces.the fact is that psaros and many more of his fighters were murdered by elas.and my main point is that elas was trying to take over greece even during the occupation and found resistance in their plans by other greeks that did not want to see greece turn into a communist state . 
   u need to realise that i know quite a bit about that war for one i know that the communist party of greece had 0 control over elas , the gcp wanted a `` proletariat revolution '' elas was setting up a . . dont know what to call it a sort of trading network between villages and towns that didnt need the communist party to lead it and was thus unwanted ( democracy is scary to those that want power ) . 
  as for elas starting the `` civil war '' ... rly ? 
  zervas spend most of the war fighting elas instead of germans but elas striking back is to blame ? 
  how can you not know this ? 
  you have to be kidding me.elas was in direct control of the greek communist party.zervas had to fight against elas because elas forces kept attacking his.remember psaros and his resistance group that was murdered by elas when they surrended to them?that was the fate that zervas was trying to avoid . 
  \u039core on psaros http://www.istorikathemata.com/2011/01/542.html ( in greek ) . 
   u srsly dont know that pireaus was bombed to shit by the allies to force us to accept the king ? 
   britan helped the british king of greece subdue the upprising of greeks against him calling them communists helped sell it and apperently still works . 
  the then king of greece was not british.he was of danish origin.other than that please point me to a source that verifies that the british bombarded pireus in 1945 in order to force the greeks to accept the king back . 
  you have to realise you have a lot to learn about the greek civil war of 1945-1949 . it was a war that actually started way before the liberation of greece because elas controlled by the greek communist party attacked ( remember psaros and his resistance group that were slaughtered by the elas forces for refusing to be under communist controll ? ), 
  every other greek resistance group in greece ( like zerva 's group in ipirus and like psaro 's group that got anihilated ) trying to force them under communist control , while greece was still under axis occupation.the communists were of course trying to prepare the ground in order to take greece under communist control after the liberation and transform it into a communist state.they failed to take under consideration that a lot of other greeks did not want greece to become a communist state ( every other party in greece opposed the communist rebellion of 1945-1949 ) . you seem to be unaware that not every greek then was in the same mind as the greek communists.in fact most of them were against the greek communist party 's ideas and goals and it showed when the traitors of the greek communist party tried to take the power by force , refusing to participate in democratic elections ( they new they did not have the majority ) and offering earth and water to the slavs ( the greek macedonia teritory , an act that disgusted a lot of greek communists that left the party ) in order to gain their support.in the end the democratic army ( ha ha ha ) that is the greek communist forces were slavic in composition by almost a half . 
   am refering to the bombing by the allies in '45 because we didnt want the return of a brit king of greece but wanted an election . 
   edit : seen as you appear to be greek you might wana ask your grandparents who was commading ( and financing ) the `` loyalist '' forces during the so called greek civil war . 
  again what bombing do you reffer to?the only bombing that took place was against the communist parties forces that rebelled even though they did have positions in the goverment ( they chose to resigh ) and refused to participate in democratic elections.so even though they had the opportunity to get elected into power they chose the undemocratic way of rebelling . 
  britain first and then usa helped the goverment forces fight the armed communist rebellion.the communists were backed by albania , yugoslavia and bulgaria that offered munition , weaponry , food , clothing , training and shelter to the traitors of the greek communist party ( i call them traitors not only because they tried to take the power by force but because they got to the point to offer greek macedonia-not fyrom to the slavs in order to get their support ) . 
   are you a joke persona ? 
  or is it your job to keep copy/pasting pro-government lines ? 
  am i a joke persona too?we have ears and a working brain.tsipras and syriza sound like a bad copy of a.papandrew.i am old enough to remember what a.papandrew said . 
   syriza is for those who think that the gravy train will come back , that `` ye good olde times '' with absurd and rampant waste , graft and corruption will come back , that everyone will get their government jobs back . 
  they should stop beliving in these delusions . 
  true.but i predict fast backpetaling by tsipras and the rest of the gang in case they win the elections.unlike a.papandrew they no longer can borrow money without a care in the world and spend it with abandon . 
   i agree , tsipras is for the complete idiots who voted for pasok in the 80 's / 90 's . 
  that is totally correct.his party grew thanks mainly to ex pasok members that abandoned pasok ( when after the shit hit the fan , tried to change it 's politics and lost the vast majority of it 's supporters ) and flocked to syriza that kept supporting the same politics as old pasok . 
   the real victims are the european taxpayers that are paying higher taxes now to pay for the greek bailout . 
  greeks at least got to enjoy the overspending for a while in the form of lower taxes , higher public sector benefits , better services , etc. 
  i did n't get to vote in the greek elections , the greeks did , they 're not victims when they have a democracy and get to choose their leaders that made these decisions . 
  i am a greek voter that always wanted to vote for the right people.the problem is they were ( and still are not ) no `` right '' candidates to vote for . 
   of course not . 
  but in a democracy , it is the people 's job to oversee their politicians and kick those out that are corrupt . 
   in greece , unfortunately that has not happened for decades . 
   not only that . 
  many normal people participated . 
  receiving illegitimately money from the government .
