   the problem is the eurozone . 
  no ability to devalue an already overvalued currency devaluing the currency is not the magic solution that will solve the problems of our crumbling economy.you can devalue up to a certain point , after that , you do not have a national currency with buying power , you have toilet paper in your hands . 
   no central bank to turn to yeah to take more and more loans you can not repay huh?do you believe the others will keep giving money to a financial black hole ? 
  dude we have to get our shit together.and since no greek goverment had the balls to do it until now , eu will have to make us do it . 
   we dont even have enough doctors , professors and taxmen we have other sections that are overpopulated ( public tv anyone ? 
  ) , we have public enterprises that cost the taxpayers too much money and have to be privatized , we spent a lot of money in bullshit whereas we must concentrate in 3 sections health , security and education ( and sensibly too , no more overpriced buys for example.remember that conman that sold criminally overpriced stuff to our hospitals ??? ) . 
  cutting on the public sector does not only mean reducing the personnel.it means cutting the expenses overall.this also includes battling corruption with a vengeance.information technology will be a huge help towards this goal.really before the economic crisis and the memorandum our pathetic state did not even know how many public servants it employed !, 
   moreover if you cut more from the public sector then you immidiatly destroy what is left from the private sector because noone will buy . 
  wat?do you understand that the private sector must have profits in order to fund the public sector?in a healthy economy the private funds the public sector and not vice versa.i mean in case the public sector does not have enterprises that bring profit to the country via exports.like in greece 's case . 
   noone want to raise taxes . 
  the eu and the imf did not ask for extra taxes.they asked for extra cuts in spending.it was the previous and this pathetic governments , who unable to cope with the monster state it was created ( because they did not want to lose votes from the ones that made their living leaching off the state ) decided they preferred to raise taxes best.although i must admit that the previous one tried to cut spending a bit and do some organising.it was too little too late though . 
   and we will resurrect the productivity by cutting funds ??? 
  cutting public spending which will result in lower taxes.tell me how having this kind and this size of public sector promotes productivity?if we had public enterprises that made us money then it would have a meaning to keep them.but we do not.every public entreprise like olympiaki airways caused financial damage which people paid and paid and paid ...  nestly , even if you had 50 acres and 20.000 euros to start developing your equipment/or whatever would you start producing ?? 
  ? i wouldnt.vat + taxes would kill me . 
  that s what i am saying.tsipras and the rest want to raise taxes.i want a smaller public sector that will require lower taxes to sustain . 
   in a terse statement , mr tsipras called on the eu institutions and the international monetary fund to `` adhere to realism '' . 
  pot calling the kettle black . 
  i hope for the good of greece that eu and the imf do not back down.that rotten system we have for the last 40 years must go down.yes we will suffer and probably starve.but this system of a huge non productive public sector that sucks the blood of the private sector , that creates extremely unfavorable conditions for productive enterprises to flourish must sink . 
   i really do n't understand how people actually believe that , in spite of all the accounting fraud , disastrous management of public funds , and even a bankruptcy , somehow the people responsible for greece 's mess were the only organizations in the whole world willing to provide emergency soft loans to keep greece from crashing . 
  you can thank the active and vicious propaganda of political leaders like tsipras , kamenos and others of their ilk for that . 
  oh and the fact that the previous government failed to communicate that the crisis is not the result of the memorandum but of the country 's bankruptcy and that without the loans and the painful measures greece would be in a much much worse situation than without them . 
   i do n't understand the eu sometimes . 
  greece followed the eu & imf 's plan for years and it ended in the mess that exists now . 
  only that it did not follow what the plan said . 
  the plan said take mesures so you can reduce the public spending.that is very difficult in a country where a large part of the workforce is employed in the public sector!the previous government did try to make some cuts and organized a bit the public sector in order to control financial bleeding due to corruption and overspending but not very much.it mostly preferred to tax more and tax what ? 
  buildings . 
  fuel.products.how the hell can a economy recover with such measures ? 
  now that clown has won the elections and tries to destroy even the little good done by the previous government . 
   it 's better than building up a real estate bubble to create growth . 
  it is still a bubble , just a different one . 
   we need this guy in turkey . 
  why would you like to do this to yourselves?do you enjoy been ruled by clowns with no plans whatsoever to built a viable economy ? 
  `` war and peace '' by leo tolstoy . 
  but frankly i have n't read a lot of russian books . 
   seriously , are these radical terrorists really that dumb that they do n't see how this plays into the hands of the far-right ? 
  yes they are really that dumb . 
  ps good job dealing with those murdering scums america . 
   300,000 public workers were fired for example , 300,000 ? where did you get that number ? 
   surely there must be turkic gene in asian people no , the studies i read said there was a larger percentage of some asian genes present in a small percent of people in anatolia . 
  i never read a scientific study proving or even referring to the existence of a `` turkish gene '' ( or a greek gene for that matter ) . 
  edit.you know that got me thinking.both greek speaking people and turks are not indigenous to the area ( helladic space and anatolia ) . both arrived from elsewhere ( greeks most likely from the north some 3000 years ago , settling the helladic space and gradually anatolia and other regions ) and turks arrived from asian lands beyond anatolia.that area was not empty , it was inhabited by other people ( pelasgians , frygians , lydians etc ) which as they have coexisted a long time together they probably had mixed with each other and were genetically close.both the ( lets face it invading ) greeks and turks most definitely mixed with the people already occupying the conquered areas.so that genetic similarity is probably the result of greeks and turks mixing with the pre-greek and pre-turkish people ( lydians , carians , phrygians etc and their descendents ) , than mixing with each other . 
  what turkish gene ??? 
  ? or for that matter what greek gene ??? 
  genetic tests performed on haplogroups on the y chromosome showed that in europe and anatolia there is very little variation on the percentages those haplogroups are present.particularly the percentages of those haplogroups found on the y chromosome are almost the same in greece , a bit north of greece ( in areas where slavic countries are located ) , anatolia , central and south italy , half of cicily and the northern coasts of africa . 
  so i do not think you could tell who is turkish , italian , northen african , greek etc with genetic testing . 
   and they should not . 
  yeah i agree but that does not change the fact that they still get blamed , hated and feared . 
   still refuses west thracian turks to call them as `` turk '' instead they use muslim greeks . 
  not all of them have turkish origins . 
   what about germans and austrians ? 
  do you blame them for ww2 ? 
  well to be honest germans at least get a lot of blame still, 
   the roma themselves also need to get their shit together yeah , good luck with that ... 
  bread or even better greek rusk , with feta cheese , tomato and olive oil , spiced with oregano, 
  considering everyone and their grandmother has invaded belgium at some point , if belgium would start pulling shit like this no belgian would ever have to work again !, 
  hey , hey , we never invaded you !, 
   in greece , a poll showed that about 67 % of people believed there was a cure for cancer already but that there 's some conspiracy to hush it up . 
  i believe that , polls in other countries would show similar results.i have heard that argument all over the internet from people of various nationalities , especially alternative treatment fans . 
   there seems to be a lot of greeks lately that say they do n't support nd , but pasok is corrupted and syriza is worse , while anel are secret fascists . 
  i fail to see what a non-extreme alternative to those parties would be , besides maybe potami . 
  yeah me too.but my primary standard for voting in favor of a party is if they have a sound economic reform plan and i am not sure if potami has one . 
   saying `` bang bang '' is cheaper buying paintball guns though . 
  and washing clothes, 
   http://www.vaccinestoday.eu/vaccines/measles-spreading-through-dutch-bible-belt/ til netherlands has a bible belt : /, 
  nd refused to decrease the public sector.it did not support private enterprises ( except the ones that had business with the state ... ) . it did not decrease the wages.nd ( before 2012 ) supporting austerity?the joke of jokes!what deregulation?trade was mostly free both in the time of pasok and nd . 
  really calling nd liberal or neoliberal is an insult to liberals it is true that k.mitsotakis in the 90 's tried , tried to turn in a more liberal direction , bring some austerity measures ( he could see what was coming if he did n't ) but he was quickly shot down.nd then decides to be more of a center party that is a copy of old pasok in everything , except perhaps some social ideas.karamanlis named nd a center party , spent like a crazy bitch , then saw the mess and the incoming collapse , he split before the collapse passing the hot potato to `` we have money '' giorgakis papandrew i think you know the rest of the story, 
  and claiming that they are `` mostly ex pasok members who thought they could somehow keep the old system that brought us to bankruptcy '' is just insulting . 
  it is the truth.if truth is insulting to you , that 's your problem.pasok numbers deflated by feeding mainly syriza ( now it holds almost the same percentage syriza used to hold hmm ... hmmm food for thought ) . nd numbers deflated by feeding anel and laos . 
   the effective range of an assault rifle with iron sights is well beyond 150 meters . 
  paint balls are accurate up to 10 :p oh i see.and what is the accuracy of the `` bang bang '' sound ? 
   in large scale sim battles the `` bang bang '' is just as effective as using miles systems . 
  there are referees on the field and they can tell people `` you 're dead now , lie down '' to keep the battle somewhat realistic to the officers who are leading the forces . 
  what if they used paint-guns like in paintball?ok i guess they would have to wash the clothes later but still ... 
  i am scared now :(, 
   syriza is a leftist party that seems to have accepted the memorandum under pressure . 
  syriza was a radical leftist party and held like 4 % of the votes.later it absorbed a mixture of members and thus voters from other parties ( mostly ex pasok members who thought they could somehow keep the old system that brought us to bankruptcy ) swelling to 20 % . it is now a political mess and that is the reason you often hear statements from its members that blatantly contradict each other . 
   `` originally opposed the memorandum '' is n't fooling anyone . 
  yet they did , and just like syriza , nd retreated in short time , because they needed money and they had to keep greece from collapsing.and just like syriza , just as useless as syriza , nd had not a plan of how to built a competitive economy . 
   was your average conservative party but he made nd similar to golden dawn . 
  since you are greek , you must remember that they were usual talks behind the scenes between nd and golden dawn really?because i did not see nd opposing democracy ( it has a president not a leader like new dawn ) , it does not have a military structure , it does not train gangs of its members to attack anyone that is different , it does not support racism , it does not have the typical antisemitic rhetoric of nazi parties . 
  i have not seen any reliable evidence they were ready to cooperate with golden dawn.even if they agreed on anything , nd is very pragmatic.they would not built ties with a party if it make them look bad . 
   obsession on the bad illegal immigrants nothing like that.he only said the logical thing , greece and europe can absorve a certain number the rest must be turned away.also the very logical thing you can not just let anybody to enter your country without knowing who are you are dealing with . 
   sexist comments inside the parliament , something that even the lefts are guilty off  black-op operations where ? 
   severe obstruction of the justice when ? 
   nd on the other hand is filled with neoliberals i wish.nd has nothing to do with liberalism it is just a more socially conservative pasok.i do not think there is a single party in greece that supports financial liberalism ( i wish there was so i could vote it ), 
   this is probably the most disgusting and corrupt prime minister in greece ever existed . 
  one has to understand that today his party , nd , has actually become very similar to the nazist golden dawn with similar rhetoric . 
  not a supporter of nd and i dislike samaras , but your claim is blatantly false.he is not more similar to gd.in economics , he is more similar to syriza.he originally opposed the memorandum but under pressure he accepted it.just like syriza . 
  in the nationalism department his nationalism is waaay milder than the nazi 's of golden dawn who have basically the same rhetoric as hitler . 
  the last line was priceless, 
   i must admit that in my opinion ; constantinople or istanbul whatever , would be a more beautiful city in greeks ' hands . 
  are you sure?have you ever visited athens ? 
  i think we would mess up constantinople/instabul as much :(, 
  maybe we need a new video from denmark then.place a danish citizen outside a muslim hangout , start abusing him with verbal slurs and see how the muslims will react ... ( my gut feeling is that it will not go as well as the greek video by the way ... maybe you will need to place some bodyguars/security nearby ... ), 
  rip :( i enjoyed his books so much ... 
   i know that earlier on the need for economic liberalisation has in the discourse been tied to arguments about it being neo-liberalism ( hence something alien to greece ) , this would still be the case then ? 
  the case is that even neo-liberals ( in the financial sense ) in greece do not have a plan to transform greek economy into a more export oriented economy or even an economy that can cover the internal needs without excessive imports.before the elections i have been looking into various political parties programs and could not find a single one that had a well thought plan towards that goal.raising tax and cutting down wages is not the way to go.you need to support the creation of new enterprises in fields other than farming and tourism , greece can not recover by just selling yoghurt and olive oil . 
  liberalism is not something new to greece but it is something that is forgotten . 
   i 'm honestly interested in hearing our greek redditors opinion on this , as the discourse in greece is very different from that in the rest of europe . 
  sane greek here.i completely agree with the opinions expressed in the article.but here in greece , anyone who voices those concerns is dubbed a fear-monger , a traitor , a european ass kisser etc.
