it does n't open for me in either autocad 2013 or navis . 
  i was able to link it in revit . 
  but it seems like there 's alot of stuff revit wo n't show , do n't know if it 's because it 's corrupt or if revit just ca n't make sense of it . 
  have you tried opening it in mac autocad and use purge and audit ? 
  might be some junk in there that the pc-version do n't know what to do with . 
  yes , it does n't open in autocad and it crashes navis . 
  there 's a great documentary which shows the daily life in northern sweden . 
  it 's called `` j\u00e4garna '' which translates into `` the hunters '' . 
  i strongly recommend it . 
  one of emos best jokes : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbkiycbppfs, 
  i suggest taking up alcoholism , revit is n't going away i 'm afraid . 
  are you using any visual effects like shading ? 
  have you enabled hardwarerendering in 3dconfig ? 
  how big is the model you are working on ? 
  are you using external refferences that have been exported to dwg from some other software like tekla ? 
  i should point out that autocad is a very old software and it does n't utilise the fancy functions like multithreading and whathaveyou in newer processors . 
  it 's old and slow and will probably never run smoothly for you . 
  han har l\u00e4tt den b\u00e4sta omslagsbilden av alla p\u00e5 facebook : https://www.facebook.com/battulgamusic?fref=ts, 
  move to sweden . 
  engineers are really needed here . 
  all the guys i went to school with who finished their education had jobs on their graduationday . 
  there where actually employers comming to our school looking for people to employ . 
  s\u00e5 fan heller !, 
  you surrendered to the ribbons ? 
  i type in the commands in the commandline when i work in autocad . 
  yes , pretty much everyone in sweden speaks english . 
  a native englishspeaker is more valuable for a company doing international buisness then a swede who 's decent at english . 
  i 'd say that not only is nationality more important than skincolor . 
  your religious conviction weighs in . 
  there are still a few places where being a devout christian can be beneficial but for the most part you will be viewed as a bit thick if you have imaginary friends that tell you what to do . 
  and nothing scares a swede more than a devout muslim . 
  i did n't use to mind religious people but then i read the bible , tora and the koran . 
  now i ca n't bring myself to trust someone who have those books as moral guidance . 
  do n't settle for less !, 
  just out of curiosity , why do you want to learn swedish ? 
  i ca n't think of a more useless thing to do at age 16 . 
  learning useful languages is never useless . 
  swedish is n't something that will take you around the world and it 's almost an advantage to only be able to communicate in english when you 're in sweden . 
  rinse and repeat , 7 dar i veckan . 
  you can actually spot the farms that closed down before mechanised farming started . 
  those were used to store hay and plowing equipment in some cases in remote fields . 
  when the tractor made it 's entry the `` lada '' was just taking up space that could be harvested instead . 
  the guy in the picture is the leader of the political party furthest to the right in sweden . 
  it 's an illustration showing what most of the swedish population thinks is going on inside his head . 
  mama 's rough cooking bjuder idag p\u00e5 kukurmutta . 
  - en karta norrlandsdynamit, 
  jag f\u00f6reskriver alltid kukens ventilationsdon i mina projekt : http://www.kuken.com/english/index.html, 
  g\u00e4llivare and kiruna are good places to visit if you want to experience a snowstorm in the middle of the summer . 
  lista p\u00e5 \u00e4ldre incidenter . 
  i do n't think that racism will spread like wildfire through the population just because a right wing organisation has gained power and influence in the government . 
  i think it just reflects the fact that when times are hard and things turn sour people want someone to blame and sd has capitalized on it by basing their election campaign on blaming the immigrants for everything that is wrong in our society today . 
  i think that if anything last nights results show us that the established parties ca n't take the issue of having a party like sd campaigning so lightly as they have . 
  for the longest time they have elected to not take the debate with them or just dismissed them as being racist without proving it . 
  this has only fueled sd with new energy and fresh voters and what i think is the solution is to bring sd in on the debate and cast it live on national television . 
  because when it boils down to their core values sd is a pretty scary party and i think that the more people are aware of what sd actuallly stands for the less likely people will be to vote for them . 
  i think the plan was for the poor to shoot themselves . 
  that would explain why they dismantled the mental healthcare . 
  well , we do have that kind too . 
  they are few in numbers and do n't make as much noise but every now and then you will notice them ranting about making abortions illegal and all that . 
  indeed we are laughing our asses off !, 
  i think the best gag ingvar kamprad pulled was to sell weak furniture to the nation of hamplanets !, 
  and for those 10 % swedes that are obese , guess what we call them ? 
  people who have reached americalevels of fat . 
  done !, 
  sweditor from lule\u00e5 here . 
  i have driven to oslo and back a couple of times . 
  i would advice you not to drive north from v\u00e4ster\u00e5s to sala but instead follow e18 until it crosses with e4 and then turn north on e4 . 
  it 's longer but the road is alot better and broader . 
  are you sure it 's luel\u00e5 and not lule\u00e5 ? 
  do n't really know about southern sweden but i ca n't say that we have that many assault rapes here in the north . 
  the majority of rapes in sweden seem to be occurring in the home and the victim knows the culprit . 
  curious swede here , how did the vote go ? 
  thank you , i was confused since the article was from the fifth and it said the vote would be held tomorrow which i took as meaning it would be held today . 
  anyway thanks for the swift reply !, 
  ibland \u00e4r dom det : http://toysoldier.wordpress.com/2013/03/06/a-sad-day-for-male-rape-victims-in-india/, 
  \u00c4ldreomsorgen i \u00f6vre k\u00e5gedalen in our hearts !, 
  i think it has to do with the swedish view that youth is better then experience . 
  i have n't heard of a company that does n't claim that they 're looking for young people to hire ( mainly because of the lower wages but still ) . 
  young people are being rushed into positions that traditionally has required years of workexperience to get to and i belive that it has had a pretty bad outcome . 
  alot of old mistakes are repeated and in the case of politics alot of old ideological standpoints that older politicians have let go of has resurfaced . 
  for instance the partileader of the center party annie l\u00f6\u00f6f claimed that she hated socialism . 
  i 'm not claiming that annie l\u00f6\u00f6f is unintelligent , just that she has no idea of what she 's saying at that point , probably due to lack of experience . 
  i 'm not saying that i think that youth is better then experience . 
  i actually do n't think youth is something good in and of itself . 
  but something we have experienced during economic crises is that big companies take the opportunity to fire a large part of the staff and rehire only they who they want to keep thus bypassing the `` last in - first out '' - law . 
  which in essence means that they can fire old people and keep young . 
  hahaha , k\u00e4llkritik is the shit !, 
  the clue is in the title . 
  he mages music ? 
  like conjuring out of thin air . 
  that would explain the bad quality , i bet he was in hufflepuff house !, 
  it is indeed really nice here . 
  the only thing i can complain about is the fact that noone ever use the indicator while driving . 
  drives me mad not knowing if i can enter a roundabout or not . 
  this would hinder any farts : http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/31ej5wg36pl._sy300_.jpg, 
  that 's right , a canoe trip . 
  what the hell you wan na go fuck around that river for ? 
  does n't matter , all people will be beige in a couple of centuries . 
  we have enough problems with inbreeding as it is so any additions to the genepool are welcome . 
  i 'm still on a 2500k and it runs everything fine .
