  the ruling class in saudi is probably caught up in the same powerstruggle and fear of getting on the wrong foot with the highest power as all dictatorships have . 
  the effect on the country and most other countries over the world is devastating however . 
  sa is setting the world back with it 's domestic and foreign policy . 
  women do n't care where you are from as long as you have confidence and/or money and/or high status . 
  for me and probably the rest of the world it does n't matter that the monarchy in sa is a better head of state than isis for the population . 
  the difference between their practises is so minute that it 's negligible . 
   worse than congo , north korea , syria ? 
  there are alot of westerners who work and make a shit ton of money in these countries . 
  it 's the same in all hazardous environments , you get better pay because of the hightened level of danger . 
   yes there are restrictions on some freedoms but at the end of the day it is a relatively safe place to live and very advanced . 
  for natives and high status westerners yes . 
  but for poor workers from india life is hell . 
  i think the last thing sa needs is war , i mean what would happen if the black stone was destroyed by accident . 
  what they need is a decade with extremely low oilprices . 
  yes !, 
  that joke is awesome !, 
  emo truly nailed it :d, 
  just because you ca n't comprehend the things people say about/to you does n't mean you are unroastable . 
  satan !, 
  fan . 
  ok so we know that the human race originates from africa . 
  a place you do n't need warm clothing to survive in . 
  food is to be found/gathered from the ground . 
  living there does n't require much effort if you do n't take wild animals into consideration but those where in abundance all around the planet so we do n't have to bother with them for this argument . 
  now , at some point a part of the human population said fuck it . 
  this is n't for me and took of , north . 
  they fucking walked from africa to sweden . 
  taught themselves to cope with the climate . 
  taught themselves to harvest food and materials from nature in a climate that does n't forgive being who ca n't stand cold . 
  they spread out all over this part of the world even though their numbers were small . 
  now you have to ask yourself , why did they go through with all of this when all they needed was lying on the ground ? 
  the obvious answer is : to get the hell away from other people . 
  now why do you intend to befriend this type of people ? 
  we do n't like other people and we do our best to be alone . 
  every attempt from your side to befriend us is a moment of true torment for us . 
  please leave us alone !, 
  up your trolling game or gtfo !, 
  tack som fan obama . 
  you 'd have to ask norway since they are responsible for the largest part of all black metal produced in scandinavia . 
  swedish park rangers are probably not as burdened by this as their norwegian counterpart . 
  sadly not anymore . 
  all is forb\u00f6rken . 
  fullt i klass med barbara `` egots vibrationer '' santana, 
  they know the departed did enough shit in his/her life to get banned from entering heaven . 
  they 've read the terms and conditions , they know there ai n't no way to get into that place . 
  no , i do n't belive in `` ghosts '' . 
  you have look of a man with a short but drug fueled life . 
  unless they can provide tangible and convincing evidence i 'm not going to belive them . 
  i 'm not taking anyones word for the `` supernatural '' . 
  janetta and jimmy owns a little girl . 
  they want to perform khatna on her . 
  does janetta and jimmy have permission from the imam to perform khatna on her ? 
  daniel owns a little boy . 
  daniel and his partner want to perform khitan on the boy . 
  do they have permission from the imam to do this ? 
  now this is some holy shit . 
  i think someone already done their worst to you and that 's how you ended up with that forehead . 
  i suspect that he will be the only casualty in his own inevitable school shooting . 
  you are a strong contender for top placement on the list of bad genetic combinations !, 
  you can eat your own pussy ? 
  impressive !, 
  the dark night ; en dokument\u00e4r om en multimiljard\u00e4rs nattliv . 
  why would anyone pay attention to what jeremy clarksson has to say about transgendered people ? 
  that would be like listen to anita sarkeesian for advice on cars . 
  you know she knows about videogames . 
  she just lies and distort to prove a nonexistent point . 
  it 's impossible to tell if you are a boy or a girl . 
  the only thing i know for sure is that you have exactly that facial expression everytime you look at male genitalia . 
  most of them are so incredible bad at the game . 
  i have yet to encounter russians in higher raiting who do n't use cheats in order to play decent . 
  that 's why they cheat their way into 40man av with premade raids . 
  thats why they need full warmongering to take down casual gamers in greens and blue . 
  that 's also why they just camp gys . 
  they already have the gear . 
  they do n't need to play serious . 
  they are just a bunch of f * ckwits incapable of progressing in pvp due to lack of ability so they take it out on lowgeared casual players . 
  anarkist !, 
  du har det d\u00e4r fenomenet i usa i form av neighborhood watch . 
  b\u00e4sta spyan ever !, 
  cold meatballs straight from the plastic container they come in . 
  aim for the north !, 
  you do n't want to live any further south than ume\u00e5 . 
  below that line they do n't have proper winters and they do n't suffer mortal pain from clouds of mosquito during the summer . 
  some advice : we do really like our personal space . 
  do n't stand closer than 1.5 meters to anyone at any time ( just do your best in elevators ) . 
  small talk is the work of satan and must be avoided . 
  never brag about anything , you are probably shit at something and that forces you to be humble . 
  if you do something great do n't forget to say that it was nothing and be sorry for not doing it better . 
  if you ca n't manage to get into sweden you could try for finland . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a criminal offence to engage in social interaction over there . 
  we get it you vape . 
  kopierad ur din egen text . 
  kopierad ur din egen text . 
  yeah !, 
  do n't let these bastards tell you what to spend your money on !, 
  i really hate it when people tell me not to give money to beggars with the motivation that it only perpetuates the problem . 
  they usually shut up when i tell them that i will stop when they stop buying alcohol , since it only perpetuates the problem with alcoholism . 
  slow down . 
  we do n't know who did it yet . 
  it could just as well be the next breivik .
