  again , the original `` question '' you posed to / u/captain _ blackadder implied that it is established that xenophobia and racism motivated the vote and you 're inviting him to disprove your opinion . 
   here goes : and does the fact that such things can not be precisely measured mean that it can not be claimed that such sentiments have played any role in any election campaign ever ? 
  `` any role '' and `` significant role '' do n't mean the same thing in my dictionary , but then again maybe us southern europeans are just too dumb to understand her majesty 's language . 
   no assumption was made . 
  where in what i wrote did i make this assumption ? 
  maybe this is another question mark problem . 
  why would it be a `` question problem '' ? 
  you stated : `` for all i know you may be the type of person who would consider the act of spitting on someone for having the wrong coloured skin as merely a joke . '', 
  there was no question , you 're hypothesizing that i may be a person that would find an assault funny . 
  so i 'll ask you again , what did i say in my previous comments that lead you to paint this image of me in your mind ? 
   however in the scenario i gave it specifically said `` for having the wrong coloured skin '' but in your response you leapt to the defence of my hypothetical racist claiming that the victim 's skin colour had nothing to do with it . 
  i find this significant . 
  i said that regardless of the color of their skins the crime should be handled for what it is : assault . 
  or would you have the racist hanged for this crime instead , because his skin color does n't match that of his victim ? 
  yeah , except you edited your comment after i had already posted a reply , check the timestamps . 
  your original comment was only :  there is no claim in what you 're quoting . 
  it 's a question . 
  hence the presence of a question mark . 
  it 's not my fault you 're sneaky , 
   now is there a precise measure of the racist or xenophobic or chauvinistic sentiment among a general population ? 
  as far as i know no . 
  thanks for having the backbone to admit this . 
   so why are you asking me for one as if i ever claimed such a thing exists ? 
  you absolutely did , go back and read your own comments . 
  you said that xenophobia and racism were significant in motivating the leave vote . 
  by saying this you imply that a significant number of votes were cast thanks to xenophobia and racism . 
  if this is n't what you wanted to transmit to other readers then you chose your words poorly . 
   and does the fact that such things can not be precisely measured mean that it can not be claimed that such sentiments have played any role in any election campaign ever ? 
  you can make all the claims you want , but unless you have some post-election polling done by a neutral entity that provides some hard data , your claims are quite hollow . 
   maybe these things are subjective and maybe you and i have different judgement levels on what say constitutes racism . 
  perhaps these things are somewhat subjective , i agree . 
  for example , i 've been called racist numerous times for criticizing islam . 
  never mind that it 's a religion , yet people still try to pass it off as a `` race '' . 
   for all i know you may be the type of person who would consider the act of spitting on someone for having the wrong coloured skin as merely a joke . 
  i 'd consider that as assault and the perpetrators should be arrested . 
  the color of the perpetrator 's and victim 's skins has nothing to do with it . 
  tell me , why would you assume this ? 
  has anything i 've said here given you reason to think i 'd find this a joke ? 
  no , you 're making a claim and disguising it as a question . 
  you 're `` asking '' / u/captain _ blackadder how he can disagree with your points as if they were already some established facts . 
  so either backup your claim or stop misrepresenting the leave voters . 
   did i make any specific claims about percentages ? 
  i you claimed the following : `` are you trying to tell me that xenophobia , nationalistic chauvinism and in the worst cases outright racism had no *** significant part in motivating *** the leave vote ? '', 
  what do you consider to be `` significant '' ? 
  how do you measure this ? 
  why 're you mad at the uk when it 's the eu 's leadership allowing this ? 
  well this was the thing people were speculating about earlier , based on what has happened with previous dictators . 
  first they flatten their opposition , then out of paranoia start backstabbing those within their ranks . 
   what has this wall of text to do with a picture of erdo\u011fan and some dudes in costume ? 
  and there are more than 4 countries in this world you know . 
  and why are you talking about israel ?? 
  i have no clue what you are trying to say i do n't think the guy has taken his adderall today . 
  is this photoshopped or something ? 
   are you trying to tell me that xenophobia , nationalistic chauvinism and in the worst cases outright racism had no significant part in motivating the leave vote ? 
  are you posting from some alternative reality or parallel universe !, 
  you 're the one making that claim , you back it up with some credible data . 
  what percentage of `` leave '' voters are xenophobes and racists ? 
  same in my country . 
  marginally inconvenient . 
  `` urban youths '' . 
   my alternative is to let the middle east go through what they have to go through , just like we did in ww1 , ww2 and numerous other conflicts , civil wars and chaos . 
  the world stood idle while the rwandans did what they pleased and look what that brought . 
  intervention is probably the lesser of the evils for such backwards societies . 
   everything that show only one side and tell the reader how he has to think/feel about is propaganda . 
  feel free to post counter-points if you feel the current posts are being unjust . 
  i 'm interested in hearing them , because you do have a point : we are mostly seeing reports from western media . 
   isis is not a direct result or an intended result . 
  agreed , yet the power vacuum and successive mistakes after bush declared `` victory '' certainly gave them a lot more room to maneuver . 
  disbanding the iraqi army has to be one of the single greatest fuckups they made . 
  is any of what has been posted here from news outlets misrepresenting what erdogan has been doing ? 
   apple should be investigated by the eu over this . 
  for what exactly ? 
  they likely complied with a subpoena and handed over information that the us law-enforcement requested . 
  what should they have done instead ? 
  the point / u/gnulinuxlol was trying to make ( and that i think you missed ) is that european governments have severely limited these self-defense options . 
  in my country getting a pistol legally is almost impossible unless you 're an mp or some other high-profile person , and even mace is very hard to get a license for . 
  we could prepare ourselves better and we 're not doing it . 
  you think people behave in a perfectly calm and rational manner when in a dire situation like this ? 
  lets suppose you even manage to reach an emergency brake ( and that the attacker is n't impeding your path to the nearest one ) and that there 's not a mad panic going on in the carriage , what then ? 
  you think he 'll be holding still while you do this , or that you have much room to get away from him while you 're still in the carriage waiting for the train to come to a halt ? 
  or that unless you 're sitting , you 're likely to be knocked off your feet from the inertia , along with god knows how many other passengers ? 
  and what of all the other passengers that are also in harms way , especially in such a confined space ( where there is nowhere to run remember ) ? 
  you get to run and what about all those that cant get away fast enough ( elderly , children , disabled ) ? 
  sure , pull the damn emergency brake and try to get away , but you 'll have a far better chance at helping yourself and your fellow passengers in such close quarters if you incapacitate the attacker by using mace , taser or as last resort firearm ( and even a firearm is n't ideal here because of the risk to other passengers ) . 
  do n't forget to hit the pause button , so that the attacker remains immobile while you and everyone else have time to clear from the carriages ... edit : i ca n't figure out if you 're being serious or if you forgot to add '' / s '' at the end of your comment . 
  inside a train ? 
  where would you run to ? 
   people are surprisingly mallable . 
  people get used to violence very quickly . 
  most people have a breaking point , especially once the violence starts affecting them directly . 
  some will remain apathetic while complaining , others wo n't . 
  and instead we 're letting them pour in . 
  have a woman handle their asylum process and observe how they react to her giving orders . 
  you 'll probably weed out quite a few conservative muslims this way . 
  other than that ? 
  not much we can do , which is why it makes no sense that so many are being allowed in at all . 
  we do n't have the resources to properly screen them . 
   how do we know all these mails are genuine ? 
  because wikileaks vets the info they receive , and so far they have n't published anything fake afaik . 
  first you want the greeks to deport the turkish defectors back home to their certain deaths , now email leaks from turkey are fakes ... you sure you 're swiss ?
