  except they did n't lie . 
  perhaps you 'll change your tune if their next attacks affect your loved ones . 
   well no shit , because they want us to believe that this is the case , even if it isnt . 
  but it is the case , as german intelligence confirms . 
  and even now you 'll still deny it it seems . 
  here , have an upvoat . 
  that guy seems do be defending these journalists who completely invented a story and tried to pass it off as fact , so you should n't expect anything rational from him . 
  he 's clearly retarded . 
  part of the problem is the government 's lack of investment in aerial means to combat the fires . 
  you still see firefighters working hard to put out a blazing forest fire with a small water tanker ... it 's disgraceful . 
  shit-rectangle forever , brother . 
  galician brothers ? 
  or do you mean soon-to-be compatriots ? 
  well if doorways were n't so damned narrow , we would n't have to resort to shoving sofas out of windows -_-, 
  you 're suggesting mena migrants are just like eastern europeans . 
  they 're not . 
  if they think it could further fuel their own internal separatist problems , i do n't have much doubt that they 'd veto . 
  either way we ca n't know for sure since they 've said nothing else to that effect . 
  wrt your twisted panties , i interpreted your `` or is that wishful thinking ? '', 
  as snark . 
  apologies if this is n't the case . 
  no need to get your panties in a twist . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to assume that they would veto before scotland is actually independent , as this is what they said they 'd do . 
  after that , they probably would n't , but who knows . 
  good point . 
  if scotland leaves the uk , what guarantees will you have that it can join the eu ? 
  iirc spain said just a while ago that it would veto such a thing . 
  well the nobel peace prize is already a joke , so i 'm not sure what his intention was . 
  at first i thought you were joking ... so that actually exists ... not sure what else to say . 
  your country is very strange in that regard . 
  huge media shitstorms about criminals that inevitably meet their end at the hands of the police , as if they were victims , yet crimes where people die as a result of gang violence and the like end up as a foot-note . 
  case in point : why are n't the victims ' families being given a platform like the murderer 's family is ? 
  from the outside it almost looks like your media are looking for an excuse to incite more violence . 
  i do wish that police officer the best , and hope the victim 's families get the justice they 're entitled to . 
  edit : i 'm assuming you 're american from the way you wrote your message , apologies if this is n't the case . 
  he was going to church , turning his life around , and for no reason he was mowed down by the police :(, 
  * and beyond !, 
  please leave while you can . . it does n't look like things will be getting any easier if you 're not an apk supporter . 
  at least here you can live long enough to die of cancer from the cigarettes . 
   the fact the result legitimised this behaviour in the eyes of some in addition to the nature of the leave campaign counts as evidence supporting the claim that sentiments ranging from xenophobia and nationalistic chauvinism to outright racism were a significant motivator for people to vote leave . 
  in the eyes of `` some '' . 
  agreed . 
  what i do n't agree with is that it was a significant number . 
   i 've given some of the reasons why i thought xenophobia chauvinism and racism were significant motivators for voting leave . 
  presumably ( because you 've not addressed them ) this does n't count as hard data . 
  so what would count as ` hard data ' in this case ? 
  like i said previously , hard data would be a poll conducted by a neutral/respected party . 
  if this ever happens , let me know and i 'll revise my own views , but until then i do n't think your opinion holds much weight . 
   why should this kind of thing be a motivator for brexitors ? 
  so some local authorities may be more reluctant to pursue certain cases for fear of appearing racist , how then does being out of the eu change this ? 
  this would be a problem caused by local authorities , social services and police in rotherham . 
  the thing is that it was n't just some local authorities . 
  it happened all over the uk , and it is a systematic problem : - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rochdale_sex_trafficking_gang - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/derby_sex_gang - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oxford_sex_gang - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bristol_sex_gang - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telford_sex_gang - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peterborough_sex_abuse_case - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banbury_sex_gang - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aylesbury_sex_gang - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keighley_sex_gang the system is clearly rotten , and who knows if this is just the tip of the iceberg ... what does this have to do with the eu ? 
  stronger controls over borders and the ability to reject asylum seeker quotas the eu is trying to push . 
  it 's pretty clear at this point that the asylum process is being abused for economic migration rather than used strictly to seek asylum . 
  this is one of the points the brexit campaign was in favour of , correct ? 
  tighter border controls . 
  better screening of who 's allowed to settle in the uk . 
  on top of this you have the current uk establishment pushing for the remain vote while these same politicians and authorities have acted against the british people by turning a blind eye to these racist criminals for so long . 
  it 's not a leap to suggest that the leave vote is also a protest vote against what people consider a corrupt government that does n't protect their interests . 
  edit : and to further drive home the point about the double standard in the uk regarding these sorts of crimes : can you imagine the shit-storm that would have occurred if it were native brits running rape-gangs targeting migrant girls ? 
  the media would talk of nothing else for the next decade . 
  rather , there 's been an attempt to downplay the nationalities of the criminals and to minimize the media coverage ; it only became as visible as it did because it was impossible to contain at this point . 
   then post referendum i see people who had previously managed to hide their opinions feel legitimised and able to express their true feelings by kicking the shit out of anyone appearing to them to be foreign '' was this a large number of people , relative to the number of leave voters ? 
  would you consider this number significant ? 
   then i 'll rephrase : does the fact that such things can not be precisely measured mean that it can not be claimed that such sentiments have played a significant role in any election campaign ever ? 
  you can claim it , yet it does n't mean this was the case with brexit voters . 
  i can also refuse to give your opinion much weight since you ca n't back it up with hard data . 
  it would be a case of `` agree do disagree '' . 
   there is nothing you said that would lead me to believe this and nor did i say that 's what i believed . 
  it might help you understand what i meant by refreshing your memory of the context ( if i can remember it correctly myself ) . 
  i was discussing the possibility that what constitutes racism may be subjective and that you may for all i know have a much higher threshold for judging something to be racist than i would . 
  if for example you were the type of person who would consider the act of spitting on someone for having the wrong skin colour as being just a joke and not a racist act then very definitely yes , your threshold would be much higher than mine . 
  then in this case i agree with you : assault only based on the color of someone 's skin is a case of racism . 
  this does n't mean the courts will see it this way . 
   then i misinterpreted you . 
  when you wrote that skin colour has nothing to do with it i thought you meant that it was n't an act of racism . 
  would it be though ? 
  it definitely is an act of racism . 
  it is still assault like any other with regard to the law ( or at least in my country it would be , perhaps the uk see this differently ) . 
   racially motivated crimes should incur a greater punishment yes . 
  hanging though would be going too far . 
  agreed . 
  yet on this point i 'd argue that white on non-white crime and on muslims is given a heavier penalty in the uk than the other way around . 
  see for example the [ reaction to two guys who throw bacon at a mosque ] ( http://www.bristolpost.co.uk/two-jailed-over-bristol-mosque-bacon-attack/story-29534352-detail/story.html ) , described as an `` attack on england '' , yet the uk authorities and social workers ignored reports of paquistani muslims running rape gangs in rotherham and other uk cities for years . 
  and these gangs targeted exclusively white girls . 
  this is racism through and through . 
  can you see the double standard here ? 
  can you concede that this type of thing is also a motivating factor for `` brexiters '' ? 
   also you probably got 10 million billion trillion notifications about my response to another of your comments because i was trying to quote your text using the chevron but reddit was just ignoring it and jumbling our texts together so i kept deleting my reply to try again . 
  no worries . 
  reddit is n't a great forum , imho it 's just inertia keeping it going , 
   then this argument hinges on how the word ` significant ' should be interpreted . 
  you seem to be saying that to claim a thing as such is to also claim it is measurable and has been measured . 
  if perhaps i had said ` statistically significant ' then you would have had a point . 
  you most definitely had caught me out !, 
  but as it is well , maybe we just have different dictionaries . 
  if the word `` significant '' carries such little weight in your dictionary then you should accept the opposite claim as equally valid : racism and xenophobia were insignificant in motivating the brexit vote . 
   again you are replying to one of my questions as if it was a claim !, 
  perhaps two question marks will help on the second attempt .
