  probably not . 
  whatever suits the mood of the day \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  yes . 
  and in the alentejo it can be even hotter on average than what op just posted . 
  afair , the village of [ amareleja ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amareleja ) has the national record for highest summertime temperatures , with other towns and cities in the region not too far behind ... 
  well if you try to see it from brussels ' perspective , the uk 's success would mean leaving the eu may not be a death sentence . 
  there are a lot of people who want to see you fail . 
  either way , it 's far too soon to know what the outcome will be , though the way your pro-brexit politicians have behaved after the referendum does n't inspire much confidence . 
  wish you guys all the best and i sincerely hope you succeed . 
  fair enough , apologies for the trouble . 
  hi , i did check the / new section , and this has n't been posted yet . 
  could you point out a duplicate please ? 
   that 's what 's so fishy about all this . 
  agreed , it does n't make sense . 
  yes , the people rallied around the troops and other parts of the military that were ordered to engage the rebels ended up joining them or refusing to obey orders . 
  our '74 rebels also made sure they disabled the regime 's ability to use radio and tv , something these ones did n't ( though i know it is much harder to do this today ) . 
  still , it was disgusting to see erdogan inciting his followers to serve as meat-shields against the rebels while at the same time seeking asylum in europe ... what a coward . 
   literally everything about this is bad . 
  people have died . 
  erdogan has become far more powerful . 
  this would have happened in my country if the 1974 coup had failed . 
  their only `` sin '' was failure . 
  i have no idea why they allowed the pm and erdogan to remain at large when they struck . 
  he does n't have to live forever to flush his country down the toilet . 
  no , there are convenient `` suicides '' though . 
  even if this were n't likely the case , the turkish pm has already stated they will bring back the death penalty for those who participated in the coup . 
  sorry bro , this is not going to happen . 
  we 'll take galiza though , 
  when ? 
  no problem , thanks for the warning . 
   what do you think would be a reasonable punishment for kissing a woman and licking her face against her will ? 
  for asylum seekers who show this much disdain for the country that has taken them in ? 
  immediate termination of their asylum request and deportation . 
  what do you think about your team putting ronaldo out of the game so early ? 
  this definitely helped you ... 
  keep the salt coming , hon hon hon !, 
  we were so `` poor '' and `` spiritless '' , we 're such a shit team , and yet we did n't lose a single game the entire tournament . 
  if we 're such shit then france should n't have had any trouble winning the final . 
  this is good . 
  we need all the salt we can to preserve our precious [ bacalhau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bacalhau ) . 
  * hon hon hon !, 
  fortunately your opinion is worth as little as as mine in this matter . 
  continue raging and frothing at the mouth , do n't let me stop you . 
   they have been contemptuous , sardonic , and petulant for their entire stay . 
  we can not reward this behaviour . 
  they were ( and still are ) net-contributors to the eu 's coffers , or does that slip your memory ? 
  perhaps when the sample size is several million migrants , it is worth investigating , no ? 
  or is your suggestion that the authorities just sit back and do nothing instead ? 
   someone hire similar van with billboard telling what 's the state of internet infrastructure in berlin . 
  `` 12mbit dsl and lte with 2gb data cap - because fast internet is boring '' damn , it ca n't be that bad in a country like germany ? 
  i live in lisbon and currently pay ~ 25 $ for tv , phone and 200mbps fiber package . 
  we 're supposed to be the arse-end of europe ... 
  probably never . 
  in your example it 's convenient that romanian citizens never have a salary or labour conditions equivalent to those in france , otherwise how would renault make all that sweet sweet profit churning out dacias ? 
  they seem to forget they were imperialists as well . 
  at the height of the umayyad caliphate , its borders stretched well into southern france . 
  i think / u/herbstzeit was trying to point out that even countries that are still heavily influenced by christianity do n't execute you for apostasy , as opposed to several islamic countries . 
  i imagine the guardian 's piece will somehow explain that they were disenfranchised youths who felt the only recourse was to stab the director of a charitable institute . 
  they are the real victims here . 
  `` it 's ok when we do it . '', 
  exactly . 
  i find it funny that all the shrill people blowing hot air at the moment are the same ones who steadfastly dismissed ( and continue to ignore ) any concerns about millions of unskilled migrants from mena flooding into europe . 
  obviously the british economy will take a hit in the short term , but only time will tell how this turns out . 
  probably a life-long chain smoker . 
  or he just never brushes ... do n't know . 
  well they got spain completely correct :d, 
  between 2 and 3.5 $ per kilo at a road-side stands , depending on the location . 
  a bit more expensive at the supermarket ( and lower quality ) . 
  why though ? 
  yes it is too simple , though it 's hard to see how isis and the current crisis could have emerged if the us had n't fucked up their invasion of iraq so badly . 
   because i can name a few authoritarian countries that mr. clinton is more or less fine about . 
  no shit . 
  i 'd love to see what clinton has to say about the heavy funding she 's received from the saudis , since she 's touching this topic of authoritarian dictatorships ... 
  i dislike trump , but clinton for me is worse in a way . 
  she 's a total mouthpiece for whoever fills her pockets . 
  you 'd be surprised how little energy is necessary when you have a conservative attitude towards its use . 
  a classical example is the retarded way you americans still produce your cars . 
  completely waste fuel for nothing other than your egos . 
  and this is n't confined to the `` fuck-yeah - ` murica '' hummer-driving crowd . 
  every now and then you see american hipsters bragging about their great gas mileage in their ultra-modern hybrids , while my 20-year-old beater with a 1.2 l engine gets about the same values . 
  such a joke . 
  yeah , i do n't know where they sourced that from . 
  as / u/mafarricu says , our electricity bills show the origin of the electricity consumed . 
  [ may last bill shows 12.5 % from coal , though it has a disclaimer stating that the data is from 2015 . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/sl2javw ) ( apologies for the quality , that photo was taken with a potato . ), 
   which means they are european citizens , born and raised in europe . 
  even more damning . 
  they 're the result of failed integration of migrants , imho yet another good argument for clamping down on the amount of north-african and me migrants allowed to settle in europe . 
  as it stands , we 're perpetuating the same problem for future generations by continuing our current policies . 
  agree with you completely . 
  i agree with you in part . 
  on the other hand , the term `` racist '' gets thrown around so often when it 's not appropriate ( eg : criticizing islam or the behaviour of those who 've been raised in cultures heavily influenced by islam ) , that it almost loses its real meaning ( discrimination based solely on skin-color ) . 
   and `` illegally marching '' is n't technically incompatible with one that received asylum 's rights . 
  the dublin agreement requires them to be registered . 
  this is something hungary has been strictly doing by forcing the `` horde '' to funnel through its border checkpoints , for example . 
  their actions are incompatible , yes . 
   afaik anyway , these are legit refugees . 
  legitimate refugees do n't hound truck drivers all day long , trying to stow away in trailers when they 're already in a safe country . 
  now you 're just inventing flimsy excuses for their inexcusable behaviour . 
   some ideas .
