  i 'm sure it will be super cheap for you and we need the money !, 
   communication , leading by example , positive reinforcement , taking away privileges . 
  this is true , but sometimes not enough on its own . 
  communication with someone as irrational as a child does n't always go as you want it to . 
  you see this constantly with parents asking their children nicely to behave while they run wild around the restaurant for example . 
  kids need both the carrot and the stick . 
  i 'm not saying beltings are always necessary , but in very serious cases one belting can be enough to ensure that that never occurs again . 
  i was only belted once in my life , on my backside , and i still remember it . 
  i also remember taking my parents ' warnings a lot more seriously when they did talk to me nicely . 
   german companies were refusing to sell [ 1 ] razorwire to hungary , sabotaging the effort to protect the schengen borders . 
  / u/fluchtpunkt what 's your take on this ? 
  and i never claimed they were . 
  `` antifa '' are simply anti-fascists , not necessarily a particular organization . 
  your comment seemed to imply that the right only protests with arson ... is this what you were trying to convey ? 
  does the left not also resort to equally violent tactics ? 
  are you suggesting antifas do n't use violence ? 
  i thought the same thing and then remembered feeling the exact same way before the 2002 world-cup kick-off . 
  better not count our chickens just yet :|, 
   what 's the real problem ?? 
  have you ever been seriously wronged by a refugee ? 
  my problem is i doubt most of them are refugees . 
  my country has taken in tens of thousands of eastern european migrants over the last 15-20 years and they 've assimilated very well into the country . 
  they 're hard-working , learn our language very quickly , send their kids to school with all other portuguese children without a fuss , and overall do n't cause problems . 
  contrast this with portugal 's offer to take in ~ 5000 syrian refugees where only ~ 50 accepted . 
  something here smells off . 
  those 50 that accepted are welcome to stay , and i wish them the best . 
  the remainder should be permanently barred from coming here seeing as they 're acting the role of refugee while their true intention is something else . 
  you make a fair point ; i 've edited my [ previous comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3w7vjh/wendelstein_7x_germanys_experimental_nuclear/cxucrnl ) . 
   there 's already solar farms that produce as much energy as nuclear plants do . 
  no arguing against this point , yet again i 'm going to mention that setting up a solar farm and taking up a large piece of worthless desert in the us is very different from setting up the same thing in my country , where we 'd likely have to sacrifice arable farm land . 
  the cost for the us to do this in both money and loss of useful land is far lower than it will be here . 
  i agree that implementing this in cities on existing building rooftops is definitely worthwhile . 
  i 'm not arguing that 99 % efficient solar panels are necessary for adoption , i was arguing in favour of research into solar power continuing , because who knows what we will discover in the future . 
   i was simply pointing out that we are coming actually really close to have practical completely renewable solutions for big industrialized countries , and that 's a statement largely supported by research . 
  i do n't dispute this . 
  but the world is larger than the us and we 're not all served by the same solutions they find for themselves . 
   that this fusion concept has been tested the first time in germany clearly shows that a focus on renewable energy and fundamental research do n't exclude each other . 
  agreed , yet this is what i was criticizing about germany 's greens . 
  they were trying to undermine fusion research , and for what ? 
  i never advocated that research be taken away from solar or from wind . 
  imho if someone can find a miracle way to make solar panels 99 % efficient , well guess that tips the scales again , and i 'm all for that . 
   what i am clearly opposed to is starting to build large amounts of fission reactors right now , they 're not going to amortize . 
  i agree to a certain point , depending on the reactors . 
  i also oppose the construction of the `` old '' type of uranium reactors , though molten salt reactors look really promissing . 
  not to mention my country has the ore necessary for these types of reactors ... and who does n't want to be energy self-sufficient ? 
  what works for the us , a massive country with a huge variety of climate and geology , does n't necessarily work for a small european country . 
  and yes , portugal has a good potential for solar power , that is true , yet winter months will greatly diminish the output of said plants , not to mention they produce nothing at night . 
  we do n't have the massive deserts the us has for endless wind and solar farms either . 
  if fusion reactors really do become feasible to the point that they undercut wind and solar , why should those be prefered ? 
  i 'm not against having power from diverse sources ; imho what i 've seen about molten salt reactors is equaly exiting as fusion ( it produces by-products useful to modern industry !, 
  ) , maybe more so since its a technology that 's been within our knowledge for 50 years but completely neglected , and does n't suffer from the same problems as uranium fission . 
   it 's still too dangerous to trust even the basic research ( see bund 's repeated queries into the radiation safety of w7x -- which towards the end did n't seem very motivated anymore by safety concerns ) they sound more like luddites rather than environmentalists . 
  ~ ~ while solar and wind are definitely viable complements to our energy needs , they come nowhere close to being able to provide all our energy in a reliable manner ~ ~ . 
  and hydroelectric also has a very strong impact on the environment . 
  edit : revised after the discussion below . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  exactly , which is why i do n't think they entitled to the welfare they receive . 
  as a taxpayer i do n't want to subsidize people who insist of living outside of society , who try to enforce their own `` laws '' but have a hand forever outstreched for money . 
  now that i saw your flare , it reminded me of a complaint i heard from folks in algarve that live near the spanish border ( vila real de santo ant\u00f3nio ) : gypsies who collect welfare from us and `` migrate '' back and forth to spain to collect money there as well . 
  they use both . 
  edit : and the way they treat their animals disgusts me . 
  when squatting on a piece of land that has no fencing , they 'll tether the animals with whatever rope they have , no matter how short . 
  so you 'll see a horse tethered with a rope long enough to provide about 1.5 m radius of movement for days on end . 
  and carrying their dogs in the cart ?!, 
  lol nope , those can run behind the carts . 
   turns out that if you treat people like `` one of us '' , they become `` one of us '' . 
  this is very naive . 
  in my country gypsies are given plenty of benefits a portuguese national wo n't get simply because they are an ethnic minority , and yet they choose to continue living in squalor in their tents and half-assed shacks and using their mule-drawn carts . 
  how is this failure to assimilate our fault ? 
  we give and give and they take and give nothing back . 
  and those that do cluster in actual social housing turn the neighbourhood into a ghetto . 
  i 'm sorry , but i feel no sympathy for the gypsies . 
  i feel for their children because they 'll be molded into the same socially dysfunctional adults that their parents currently are . 
  you 'd hear madeirense `` separatists '' running their mouths for years until it was revealed that their treasury was a black hole . 
  suddenly they were hat-in-hand and forgot all about their `` madeira stronk !, 
  attitude when they needed a bailout . 
  being the ass-end of europe has its advantages for once , 
  russia must have infiltrated german media . 
  thanks for that comment it was very informative !, 
  is there a reason that their fleet has been allowed to decay like this ? 
  i expect this from a country like mine which is n't exactly well-off financially ... i honestly did n't expect it from germany . 
  yes they are human , noone is disputing that . 
  when a country like germany is bending over backwards to take in hundreds of thousands of refugees the least they could do is show gratitude . 
  germany does n't have to , and * ca n't * , cater to everyone 's whims and particular tastes , especially in a situation like this where its resources are already being stretched . 
  since when can beggars be choosers ? 
  they can either eat what they 're given , or eat nothing if they refuse . 
  is this a refugee center or an international foods buffet ? 
   according to the police twitter ( actually labor union of the police ) the reason for the brawl was unhappiness with the food . 
  perhaps they 'll be happier in future with a large , tasty , warm bowl of nothing . 
  never !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ok ^ ^ ^ fine , ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ gib ^ ^ ^ more ^ ^ ^ monies ^ ^ ^ pls !, 
  did n't the poles have their own divisions in foreign armies during ww2 ? 
  it will only offset the collapse if they are actually paying back into the system , which is not guaranteed to happen for some time ( or ever ) . 
  very well said . 
  i 'm also in favour of having social safety nets like the ones we have ( public healcare , unemployment welfare ) because when life takes a turn for the worse we can help each other back up onto our feet . 
  but our parties seem to ignore that this only works when there is a careful balance and planning for this systems budgets , which ca n't happen if there 's never-ending high volume of immigrants . 
  immigration can and should happen but it must be according to the law and must be controlled . 
  lastly , a point i feel that a lot of people forget is that immigration is a * privilege * , not a right . 
   but is n't it o portugal ? 
  nope , just `` portugal '' .
