mugabe is still alive ? 
  the last articles i read about him said that his health had declined sharply over the last year . 
  apparently he is so far gone that his wife is pulling all the strings and he 's basically just a puppet at this point : - http://www.iol.co.za/news/africa/rein-in-your-wife-zanu-pf-youths-tell-mugabe-1985394 - http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/22/robert-mugabe-to-rule-zimbabwe-from-special-wheelchair-says-wife, 
  the words you were looking for were `` far right '' and `` nationalist '' . 
   i do n't think assimilation is really such a big deal , the chinese , indians , and caribbean migrants did n't have to abandon their culture and traditions to to live peacefully and happily in western societies . 
  in the case of those immigrants , their cultures are n't fundamentally incompatible with ours . 
  we may have disagreements regarding certain things ( same-sex marriage , arranged marriages , etc ) but ultimately there 's a very live-and-let-live attitude from them . 
  they seem to understand they 're guests in our countries , and the way to thrive is to get along . 
  muslim migrants on the other hand have a very different attitude . 
  not only are their values at odds with ours , they see it as unacceptable that ours be allowed to exist , or at the very least , they do n't see anything wrong with extremists that take forceful action against us , even if they themselves would ' t do it . 
  take my country as an example : portugal 's capital is also a melting pot of sorts but people mostly just get along . 
  life is n't a cake-walk for anyone , and people tend to find a way to co-exist ... there 's less of a sense of entitlement from migrants . 
  those that choose to stay here are grateful for the chance to live in a european democracy and a stable society , and not in the shithole they fled from . 
  i get the feeling that countries like belgium , france , germany and the moral superpower that is sweden give far , far too much and expect too little in return , not even the expectation of assimilation . 
  so long as this continues , this sense of entitlement will continue , and no matter what you do it will never be enough . 
  shut the faucet . 
  stop showering them with money and those that really want to be in the country will remain and work their way up like every other citizen does . 
  stop letting them manipulate your emotions by playing the `` racist '' / `` imperialist '' card for things your country did hundreds of years ago , and much of the `` guilt '' - sympathy will dry up . 
  hide the ethnicity behind the crimes and people will assume which ones they are , by default . 
  this will probably have the opposite effect that the police desires . 
  never claimed we were innocent , but do n't paint us as the devil . 
   are you fucking kidding me ? 
  the slave trade was like the worse thing europeans have ever done , and the portuguese were right at the forefront of that . 
  where do you think we got the slaves from ? 
  for a large portion of our initial expansion overseas we were sailors and traders only . 
  we did n't know the land or the people , and our expeditions inland did n't have the manpower to `` capture '' slaves . 
  warring african tribes sold us their defeated rivals like merchandise , so do n't give me this holier-than-thou bullshit . 
  lastly we were one of the first countries to abolish slavery , long before the us were even considering seeing blacks as anything more than farm equipment . 
   if some jihadi beheaded a portuguese sailor , in portugal , in broad daylight on a city street , people would lose their fucking minds here . 
  which is probably why they have n't dared try something similar here . 
  they know what the consequences would be . 
  regarding political correctness , there are certain things that it will never erode , especially not from our history . 
  for example , \u00c9vora still hoists the coat of arms they 've had since taking the city back from the moors : http://i.imgur.com/oafiry6.png that coat of arms is printed on every official city document , and plastered on the side of every vehicle owned by the municipality . 
  and a statue of gerald the fearless was recently made , depicting the scene on the coat of arms ( decapitating the moorish watchmen ) : http://i.imgur.com/kneoi1m.jpg this is n't something that you 'd see anywhere else in `` western '' europe in the current political climate , but it exists here and will remain here . 
  yep ; 100 % impervious to siege towers , 
  take the elvas battle for example : pretty good demonstration of how you 'll get your army shredded to pieces if you toss it against well-designed fortifications . 
  also does n't help when the natives hate you with a passion . 
  we all had our time in the spotlight at one point my friend . 
  :( * ^ ^ sobs ^ ^ quietly ^ ^ while ^ ^ listening ^ ^ to ^ ^ fado *, 
   really ? 
  we have left christianity out of politics in the west ? 
  uh , yes ? 
  perhaps some countries more than others ; in my country the church 's power was pretty much gutted after we became a republic . 
  individual members of parliment can obviously still be influenced by their own religious biases , but neither the country 's clergy nor the vatican itself has a say anymore in governmental affairs - and just as well , or we would never have managed to make abortion , gay marriage and adoption by gay couples legal . 
  could at least have died his hair/beard if he was going to claim to be 30 . 
   it sounds like the fee is nonsense . 
  not really . 
  as much as people complain , it has helped alleviate the pressure on our already overworked emergency services . 
  people had the bad habit where instead of scheduling an appointment with their family doctor ( 5 $ ) for non-emergency situations , they ` de simply go over to the er . 
  also this fee is n't applicable if you 're too poor . 
  lastly there are other things that you can do which will also make you exempt , like being a regular blood donor . 
  this is why i never give beggars money . 
  i prefer to donate to local institutions that i know will use the money wisely . 
  if someone says they need money because they are hungry or need medicine , i 'll offer to buy them a soup and sandwitch , or pay the antibiotics . 
  surprising how few people have taken me up on the offers ... 
  not to mention that these types of social norms took * decades * to significantly change in the west , and we 're giving these migrants a few classes and expecting it will make a big impact ? 
  i find it may help , but very little . 
  the only `` good '' side will be that they ca n't claim ignorance of our culture or our laws . 
   paris got `` schengened '' !!, 
  i think `` merkel 'd '' would be a better fit . 
   do you remember all that criticism bill nye received for constantly arguing with creationists ? 
  by arguing with creationists you legitimize them . 
  you give them a platform . 
  you present creationism as a valid second way of thinking . 
  nothing is giving them more legitimacy right now than your government 's failure to address the public 's concerns about the migrant crisis . 
  if none of the other parties will provide a platform to discuss this issue as viewed from all sides , people will start giving their votes to the far-right nutjobs . 
  screaming `` retarded ! '', 
  or `` racist ! '', 
  will only serve to divide people further . 
  where do you think portuguese got their slaves from ? 
  for a long time we were sailors and traders only , before actually venturing inland and creating settlements . 
  until then , slaves were bought from * other africans * , which already enslaved each other . 
  one tribe being defeated by another usually meant that the men of that tribe were either killed or taken as slaves . 
  this notion that europeans somehow introduced slavery to africans is ridiculous . 
   created a fucking enormous amount of distrust between the africans . 
  there is no trust amongst african tribes , they were constantly at war . 
  even today such tribal divides still exist , and they still act on them , take the rwandan genocide for example . 
  by your logic we should also be bemoaning the romans and shaming present-day italians for the way that their ancestors subjugated us by force to their rule of law . 
  of course they also founded several of our major cities , built modern ( for the time ) infrastructure , provided education , introduced agricultural advancements , and provided security to those under their rule . 
  the situation reminds me of this skit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exwfh6sgyso, 
  ask any portuguese if they feel pride in our role kickstarting the age of discovery and most will say yes . 
  there 's good and bad , yet you want to keep only the bad in people 's minds and discard the good . 
  ca n't tell if troll or serious ...  redditor for 12 hours ah ... 
  well at least spain is n't our neightbour any more . 
  right now i pay 25 $ for 200mbit fiber , and i thought that was already dirt cheap !, 
   ignoring crimes for fear of being labeled a racist is n't insisting though . 
  insisting verbally ( or though refugee language publications ) with very stiff penalties for non-compliance , up to and including deportation , would be insisting . 
  i agree in part , unless they disregard this `` insistance '' to see if they can actually get away with it . 
  or in the case of the nye assaults , so many took part of it that police wo n't ever find all the culprits . 
   where would all those people who were not lucky enough to fit in quotas go ? 
  and where does this end ? 
  at what point do we risk bringing in so many people that our own countries become unstable ? 
  you 're forgetting that people do n't leave their sectarian views/prejudices behind when they leave their countries , or their beliefs that are not compatible with ours . 
  we must help those we can , but not set ourselves on fire in the process . 
  is n't that video from tahrir square ? 
  i remember seeing a couple years ago . 
  i 'm sure they 'll respect our limp-wristed `` insistance '' that our values and laws be respected . 
  it 's amazing that such an article even appears on a supposedly quality source as the economist . 
  upvoted the link for the pure comedic value . 
   yeah and he 's not on the left .
