  it 's pointless to even argue with you ... 
  what ... ? 
  our standard of living will go up since there are more resources avalible for the rest of the population . 
  the birthrate in india is almost at replacement level and the same thing has already happened in china . 
  in a few decades it will be the same in africa . 
  increasing european population is both counterproductive and impossible . 
  it is bad initially , a few decades later it will have evened out since our children wo n't have to support a larger old population . 
  the population density in europe is higher than any other continent , do n't be so damn ignorant and `` continentalistic '' . 
  could you fucking idiots stop making it seem like a low birth rate is bad ... ? 
  if the world doese n't decrease by a few billion we will never be able to live sustainably . 
  but there is absolutely no reason to populate it further , a small population is good for everyone , including the earth . 
  uh it is an extremely good thing that we are decreasing in population since it means there will be more resources for the rest of the planet . 
  in time when asia and africa get wealthier and shrink as well the world can finally heal and we decrease to a sustainable population . 
  thank you . 
  i guess that 's why it says india is increasing by 400 million to 1,65 billion people ... 
  not really if you factor in the tremendous amount of people killed the thousands of years before marxism was even `` invented '' . 
  no ideology comes close to the amount of deaths caused by nationalism , maybe religion . 
  what sotimin wrote is propaganda yes , they do have roots as a nazi party ~ 15-20 years or so ago but now only some in the leadership and a smaller percentage of the voters harbour those opinions . 
  nationalism has caused millions upon millions of death and suffering throughout history as different groups/countries needlessly fight . 
  was n't there going to be 100 000 people this year ? 
  normal eu levels are not low enough by any stretch of the imagination ... ? 
  you do realise that it would mean taking in less than 10 000 people per year which would literally only be 0.1 % . 
  such a small amount is n't mass immigration and does not tank the economy . 
  if even such miniscule levels are too much i 'm afraid you are a flat out racist which does n't want scary coloured people to be integrated in sweden . 
  personally i would be happy if we cut imigration in half and eastern europe increased their intake slightly since they basically do n't accept anyone right now . 
  but i 'm not going to vote for a party where people in top positions can chase around immigrants with metal pipes and scream that they are monkeys and still retain his position . 
  english , so beautiful and descriptive . 
  reading tolkien has made me realise how amazing it is . 
  well in afghanistan they benefited by kicking out the soviets but now i 'm not really sure . 
  perhaps it 's beneficial for their influence in the region or something . 
  note , i am not / u/mrdominik . 
  natural ... ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  [ yurt ] ( https://www.google.se/search?redir_esc=&amp;client=ms-android-lge&amp;hl=sv-se&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;safe=images&amp;q=yurt&amp;source=android-browser-type&amp;qsubts=1438593210906&amp;devloc=0 ), 
  i 'm so fucking proud . 
  no it fucking doesent ... 
  lol , good one . 
  try living here instead of basing your opinion on exagerated propaganda on the internet . 
  per capita ? 
  as a whole yes , individual countries no . 
  lol ... 
  itt : people who cant separate cultural and geographical regions . 
  til poland is n't eastern europe . 
  uh , no ? 
  now you are just trolling , please just shut up . 
  really ? 
  you do n't think it 's bad to consider other people subhuman ? 
  i mean the nazis killed a shit ton of poles for that exact reason . 
  it is standard to use warning shots when unathurized people are treaspassing . 
  in this case they are trespassing in spanish territorial waters which the navy patrols . 
  are refugees somehow more important than other people and should be spared from this ? 
  important , i am not saying they should be shot !, 
  i 'm just saying it is n't a big deal if they shoot warning shots in front of them . 
  you do n't know what suppressive fire is , do you ? 
  in this case it is to fire close to them to scare them and hinder their approach . 
  do you honestly think i am advocating for using the military to kill refugees at sea ... ? 
  if your not hitting them what the hell is the problem ? 
  it 's spains territorial waters and they should be allowed to control the intake of refugees . 
  people have become so awfully soft these days ... 
  a bridge huh ? 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't tell if a bridge of that length is more complicated than the tunnel they are going to build though . 
  perhaps you can since you are german !, 
  ( all germans are engineers ), 
  the `` eastern variant '' which i presume involves rostock requires a much longer tunnel , i greatly doubt they chose the western variant just because they prefer western europe . 
  you are wrong , german is more widely spoken in the eu . 
  you do n't think the poles , who dislike russia greatly and share a border with them , would do much ... ? 
  that part about the gardens sounds weird , to me it feels like english culture is more strict and orderly while the french is more relaxed . 
  why doese n't that reflect in the gardens ? 
  spain is n't the heartland . 
  it 's not really easy to measure . 
  the `` cultural extremes '' might be larger but overall it 's probably not as diverse . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i would n't use the word effective since the soviets lost a lot more soldiers overall than the germans . 
  that quote is n't cheesy ... 
  there 's plenty of that among the youth , i can assure you , 
  germany , ( northern ) italy , austria , great britain and a few other which are less wealthy . 
  no other country except for norway and denmark has come close to the feeling of peace , prosperity and calm i have in sweden . 
  try visiting sweden , ok ? 
  i have been to a lot of western countries , sweden is bliss . 
  lol, 
  `` unnecessary '', 
  armenia and georgia are n't in europe . 
  lol, 
  that sounds tasty as fuck . 
  i should really eat something soon ... 
  defensive alliance . 
  to avoid all future wars in europe , which it has done excellently so far . 
  yeah , a huge burden . 
  russia will probably invade montenegro and then its ww3 . 
  if you think europe is n't important for the us you are delusional , the eu has the largest economy in the world and the diplomatic ties and history between the us and europe are unbreakable . 
  if the us did n't defend the baltics and even retreated the troops stationed inside the country china would invade taiwan within a year and they would lose pretty much every single ally in the web of alliances they have worked so hard to maintain . 
  if the us did n't protect their nato allies their entire sphere of influence would collapse and the american hegemony would end . 
  they would absolutely risk war for that . 
  if russia had a huge group of allies as close to new york as poland is to kaliningrad the us would not do the same . 
  to some extent yes but the main purpose is training . 
  lol, 
  i never claimed that , it 's just a bit more justified . 
  yes i know , i just meant that there was a decent amount of poles there . 
  nope , danzig was inhabited by a poles before ww2 while eastern prussia had no significant amount if russians . 
  uh no , they do n't regularly fly less than 20 meters from each others ships ...
