  simultaniously europe should all the migrant boats that cross the mediterranean into greece and italy and ship them back to libya . 
  i hope this seems sensible to you . 
  as you can see i am not blind to the concerns of eastern europe about the immigration but we also have to relieve greece and italy and show solidarity with them . 
   anti-assad sunni radicals ? 
  source ? 
  the anti assad is obvious but how do you know they are sunni radicals ? 
   given how few they are , they already do a bit . 
  he is talking about the already existing muslim communities in europe which are not causing problems at all . 
  this is about bulgaria : '' sunni muslims are the second-largest community and constitute 10 percent of the religious makeup , although a majority of them do not pray and find the use of islamic veils in schools unacceptable . '', 
   only if there were a will or a solution to stop more people coming to the eu . 
  there is ... have you never heard about frontex or the deal with turkey ? 
  it 's slow but it 's happening . 
  in the meantime eastern europe could help us with the burden a bit so we can ride out this storm together . 
  it works far better when they are dispersed evenly among lots of countries rather than concentrated in western europe ... we have to deal with the ones that are already here by dispersing them and then we can work in stopping the influx across the mediterranean . 
   arabized cities, 
  i had n't seen that video before , my condolences from sweden . 
  tried taking it from you by peacefully letting you become independent after a recerendum ? 
   they are the only people in the world who know how to fucking queue . 
  i 'll have you know sweden is fantastic at queing . 
  i hope so but the majority disagrees . 
  there is plenty of wheat in sweden . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you are trolling or serious . 
  for the `` footsoldiers '' sure , the terrorist leaders goal is definitely terror and mistrust so they get more recruits . 
  the islamists are sitting there beating their dicks to some midget porn , when they suddenly realize that it would be nice to bang some virgins , so they grab their knifes , and go absolutely haram . 
  lol ? 
  that 's the biggest bullshit i have ever heard . 
  are you aware that potatoes and such contain starch ? 
  if it was that dangerous no one would roast potatoes . 
  i would . 
  who is saying anything about leaving nato ? 
  a join european army has no reason to leave nato and stop cooperating with the us . 
  breaking the joint military agreement would bring it back to how it is now , not cause ww3 ... 
  centralising a bunch of different armies into one and greatly effectivizing it and making it much cheaper leads to ww3 ? 
  as i said , if the us joins it becomes a global and continen spanning war of gargantuan proportions . 
  germany ca n't stay out of it even if they want to . 
  they would perhaps try but there is zero chance of it happening unless the us wants to completely lose all of it 's influence ( much thanks to defence treatiers ) over night . 
  it 's simply not an option for the us to refuse and if they are in the war the rest of nato is involved whether they like it or not . 
  more like you are the one with the assumptions . 
  if there is a war between nato and russia it going to be impossible for germany to not be involved . 
  us/nato supply depots , warehouses and hq 's in germany would be hit by ballistic missiles and/or strategic bombers within the first day . 
  as i said , it would be ww3 and there are plenty of nations in nato that would resist russia so they would n't get away with it and it would inevitably be a gigantic war involving the entire continent . 
  are you expecting the war against russia to drag on for several centuries ? 
  if the german government accepts the call to arms and involves itself in ww3 they cant just simply leave in a few years when there is an election ... 
  on a serious note hand training is pretty nice actually . 
  it feels good to have strong grip and wrist strength . 
  yes ? 
  the german people have no say on if germany should honor a call to arms from a fellow nato member , the german government does . 
  i do n't doubt that they would i 'm just dissapointed in the german people . 
  not really . 
  the german people = / = the german government . 
   there is no benefit of nato for germany are you trolling ? 
  do you think it would be beneficial for the german economy and trade if russia re-occupies eastern europe ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm incredibly ashamed of you germany ( and spain ) . 
  even though i 'm not eastern european i feel betrayed . 
  last ? 
  you are really overselling turkey ... 
  but far from the second strongest . 
  the thing that makes the holocaust different and what truly disgusts me is how industrial and planned the genocide was . 
  source ? 
  christ you are not even reading my comments ... `` they have a very slightly higher birthrate which is irrelevant in 50-60 years with regards to their current proportion '' as i have said earlier you obvioulsy do n't know shit about the swedish politics about immigration currently , no we are not going to recieve the same numbers as we did during the peak ... 
  yes you obviously know more than me about how the political climate regarding immigration looks like in sweden . 
  they have a very slightly higher birthrate which is irrelevant in 50-60 years with regards to their current proportion , `` never ending muslim immigration '' is a retarded assumption with the current amount of immigrants and the political climate and lastly you are asuming that literally every single muslim will stay that way and that not a single one will convert to christianty or become atheist ( not saying that a large amount will/are doing this but it 's a factor to consider ) . 
  you obviousl have already made up your mind though and do n't give a shit about facts . 
  the gdp per capita is also growing ... 
  he did n't call you a racist . 
   but the point will come in the next 40-50 years that sweden will be majority muslim , this is undeniable . 
  uh no ? 
  that 's extremely deniable . 
  you obviously have no idea about the growth rates of muslims in sweden ( they very quickly drop to almost native levels once they get here ) and the current imigration . 
   he actually believes this election results into a `` happily ever after '' . 
  are you blind ? 
  he did n't suggest anything like that at all . 
  you are incredibly predictable . 
  i want what you are having , seems like strong stuff . 
  what are you implying ? 
  europe will collapse and become an islamic caliphate ? 
   looking them up will make every search you do slower for the next couple of minutes . 
  that 's so funny , like a little punishment . 
  yes alexander , the famous slavic king who conquered persia !, 
  well the rest of the world is catching up . 
  which makes it even more fishy ... `` oh almost 100 civilians died of sarin gas exposure after we bombed ? 
  yeah no big deal we just conveniently hit a secret storage facility . 
  no wait we changed our mind it was totally a false flag attack by the terrorists/jews/imperialistic americans !!! '', 
  once again you show that you no idea whatsoever . 
  israel ** never ** fly deep into syria . 
  do you have any idea about how far away khan sheykun is from israels borders ? 
  also once again , why the hell would the saa say they hit a chemical weapons storage if a us stealth bomber dropped it ? 
   assad is not the only country in the region with airpower . 
  could have been turkey , israel , america . 
  i 'd say those 3 countries have a far greater motive in perpetrating a one off gas attack against civilians than assad would you obviously have no clue whatsoever about what you are talking about . 
  the us airforce very rarely flies over and bombs rebel held territory ( only the occasional drone strike against al qaeda ) and never so close to the saa lines . 
  to add to that , the syrian airforce was bombing the area around the time of the gas attack and even said themselves that they had hit a `` storage facility for chemical weapons '' ( lol ) so yean no , israel/us/turkey did n't perform a false flag attack right in front of the syrians noses . 
  are you sure fn voters hate tourists ... ? 
  except sdf is n't pkk . 
  and no pkk is n't nearly as bad as isis , they do n't perform large scale genocide , enforce sharia law , sell slaves etc. 
  i 'm not saying pkk are good people but comparing them to isis like you are doing is plain ridiculous , try to be pragmatic and think logically . 
  no not really , you are bombing the most successful anti isis force in syria which the us works with . 
  the only thing you are doing that 's good for us interests in syria is arming and supplying the rebels and i would n't call that `` dirty work '' . 
  so it 's suddenly not allowed to mention the other bombings which occured simultaneously just because this post talks about only one of those villages bombed ?
