  really ? 
  `` trump says he does n't need daily intelligence briefing because he 's ` smart ' '' http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-intelligence-briefing_us_584d65a5e4b04c8e2bb04195 it 's pretty obvious that his neglect of the briefings have had an effect since he has already made very provocative and destabilizing statements about pakistan and taiwan . 
  do you not know what qualifications are ? 
  he has no previous political experience , discards his intelligence briefings and built his real estate empire upon his fathers money . 
  these are indisputable facts and have nothing to do with how smart i am . 
  please tell me more about what i do , you seem to know a lot about me . 
   what about the percents that trump lost because every corporate news media demonized him beyond recognition ? 
  you are saying that as if the media did n't have a reason to do it , the man has mental problems and is the most unqualified president in the history of the united states . 
  it 's like constantinople/istanbul and the walls were built while the city was called ragusa ( in many countries it 's still called that ) . 
  i love the lighthouse , so majestic !, 
  climate and ( historically ) lack of arable land . 
  huh ? 
  we have quite a few mountains in the west/north and plenty of hills scattered throughout the landscape in the rest . 
  what the hell ? 
  nationalist and corrupt social democrats ... ? 
  sweden let germany use their railways once and that was when norway had already been occupied , we did not help germany in any way to occupy norway . 
  so what ? 
  there are plenty of non socialist reasonable politicians to chose from in austria . 
  or are you of the impression that anyone non right-wing is a socialist ? 
   and here you have images from a couple of weeks ago , when the previous immigrants are shipped to mainland spain what , you ship them to spain as a reward for jumping over the fence illegaly ? 
  should n't they be punished in some way or forced to go back ? 
  the swedish security service warned this year that russia is currently performing an information war against sweden in order to affect both the citizens and government and to foster distrust for the elected officials . 
  they claim that there are at least a few dozen russian agents in sweden , one of which has already been forced to leave the country . 
  the security service points specifically to rt and sputnik . 
  here are two excellent articles in swedish , you might be able to use google translate if you are interested . 
  what referendum ? 
  that looks fucking amazing to try one or two times . 
  if you walked 12 hours each day at 5 km/h it would take roughly 50 days to walk . 
  seriously ? 
  in what fucking way is it nationalistic to preserve beautiful historical structures so that future generations can get a chance to witness them , walk among them and learn of their history ? 
  am i also a swedish nationalist becuse i want to preserve the great wall , the pyramids , angkor wat and the pantheon ? 
  which is exactly why they will fiercly protect their water supply from the nile . 
  egypt is also expected to grow a lot more and is already close to 100 million . 
  say hello to future wars of water !, 
  and what exactly do you think happens when china supplie the vast majority of our steel and we get into a war or conflict with them ? 
  they have us by the balls and could completely cripple us before we are able to rebuild our own steel mills . 
  how are you supposed to provide evidence for the fact that it 's dangerous to rely purely on imported key resources like food and steel in case you come into conflict with the countries that provide it ? 
  it 's common sense . 
  most countries even have strategic reserves for various goods in case of war or conflict . 
  not at all , it 's right on the nile . 
  why are you writing this ? 
  the front is stable and the ukrainian army doese n't flee at first sight of battle they hold their lines well . 
  care to source that ? 
  because that is dangerous misinformation . 
  seriously fuck you . 
  antibiotic resistance is extremely serious and you are spreading straight up disinformation . 
  you are very ignorant then . 
  do n't use that map again it has almost no basis in reality . 
  check out the maps in the atlas of middle earth instead . 
  well the name would be fitting at least since mordor means dark land , 
  `` given we now have land routes for trade with china further ingratiating ourselves into the us is not particularly a good idea . '', 
  could you elaborate ? 
  why should we get closer to the communistic china which is very distant to us culturally instead of our old friends the us ? 
  the great bear in the east . 
  not really , they were an integral part of sweden 300 of those years not just some `` shield '' . 
  swede here , i drink a little over a litre of milk each day . 
  i am a fierce milk nationalist , i will drink it in large quantities until the day i die . 
  we do n't ? 
  unequal distribution of wealth . 
  yes ? 
  no it 's a fucking meme . 
  all they touch doese n't become theirs . 
  nice to see you here, 
  the communist leadership is quite proficient , you are insulting their intelligence . 
  in what paralell reality do live ? 
  much of nigeria and the niger river delta is realy fertile . 
  africa has a lack of food because of outdated farming techniques not barren farmland . 
  are you high or something ? 
  you can clearly see that i did n't edit my comment . 
  there would be a small asterisk in that case . 
  what ? 
  they are not joining ** now ** you fool . 
  they have to live up to standards first which will take decades under which they will certainly improve unless ukrainians somehow are genetically inferior to all other humans . 
  they have to live up to a whole bunch of criteria first , this is just a first step in the long process . 
  do n't be so fearmongering . 
  what is happening in cyprus ? 
  migrants , turkish settling , greek settling , abnormal population growth ? 
  rekt, 
  africa is actually really fertile and could feed a huge number of people with proper and modernised farming techniques . 
  georgia was not in nato ... 
  that might work against semi failed states like ukraine but not a nato country with thousands of soldiers from other nato countries . 
  hey bro , you dropped this / s, 
   does n't taste stale when kept at room temperatures . 
  the fuck is wrong with german water ? 
  austrians are german . 
  what ? 
  do you not see the difference between not encouraging people to have children and forcibly sterilizing them ? 
  stopping the boats from leaving libya in the first place . 
  depriving people of the biggest joy and purpouse of their lives ( getting children ) on such a large scale is diabolically evil . 
  this is the key to global stability . 
  working closely with africa by helping them fight both corruption and insurgencies , investing in their economies and fixing the desertification and birth rates . 
  europe would benefit immensely from a stabilized africa . 
  our colonial guilt should n't get in the way of involving ourselves more closely . 
  thanks, 
  what is the song about ? 
  exactly . 
  / u/operation _ room 's comment is incredibly misleading if you do n't add this information . 
  bread and circus for the masses combined with some gas reserves and strategic importance . 
  it was warned when it started getting close to the border ... 
  absolutely .
