  i guess that depends on your beliefs . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  do you think the absolutely tiny amount of cells have a consciousness or what is the problem ? 
  if thats the case you could just as well say that every single sperm and egg should be used to breed new humans since otherwise you are wasting life . 
  edit : oh you were sarcastic , sorry . 
  i was thinking about the trafficers . 
  but perhaps they have detained a lot of them earlier as well , i 'm not that well informed of the situation . 
  finally, 
   the archipelago sea is something one wo n't find anywhere else in the world * cough *, 
  yeah i guess almost all growth was right around moscow , it really is amazing how many russians live there compared to the rest of the country . 
  lol , almost zero difference in russia . 
  the fact that people are getting old just makes the notion of a growing population even more ridiculous . 
  if we have more children to `` fix '' the age gap we will need even more children to support them and so forth . 
  you ca n't keep growing forever , one generation has to take the step try to keep the fertility at 2.1 . 
  if that is just kept in the future the population will be stable forever . 
  no , it is n't . 
  a steady population with 2.1 fertility would be perfect . 
  the biggest draught in 900 years caused instability in the whole region . 
  libya, 
  still no ... 
  the whole arab spring started because of a drought . 
  the west started helping the rebels after the government attacked them . 
  uh no ... ? 
  you mean 1848, 
  i 'm not falling for propaganda , i see the conflict objectively and do n't go around exagerating and saying that there are no moderate rebels or that there are tons of moderate rebels . 
  huh ? 
  islamist control a large amount of territory like i said but that doese n't mean that there are literally zero moderate rebels . 
  to be fair most of syria is in some way involved in the civi war with huge fronts and large areas occupied by islamists . 
  ukraine on the other hand only has sporadic fighting in the very east although the rest is quite poor . 
  yes , but i am too tired to respond to everything . 
  `` give donbass rights '', 
  if anyone is curious , there is an older swedish spelling of kung , `` konung '' . 
  the `` o '' is pronounced like the `` ou '' in course !, 
  they are bombing sdf/ypg a lot as well recently since they are attacking the turkish proxies in syria . 
  what the fuck does my nation/government have to do with me asshole ? 
  as i said , stop generalising so much . 
  while you 're at it you could avoid downvoting me as well . 
  nice generalisations there buddy !, 
  i 'm actually a very pragmatic person if you want to know . 
  really ? 
  how many did you think lived there ? 
  do n't worry , / r/sweden has warned / r/de, 
  idiot, 
  that 's incredibly ignorant . 
  sweden has a huge food culture . 
  that doese n't really imply religiousness , poor education or lack of culture though . 
  just claim asylum in the eu !, 
  you are our brother people , you should definitely count our wars !, 
  so 14/20 are in the west ? 
  what the hell ? 
  when ? 
  til sweden owns bornholm , \u00c5land does n't exist and that corsica is independent . 
  thanks !, 
  it has n't changed at all , i have become somewhat more pro foreign aid than immigration though . 
  to be clear , i 'm living in sweden which apparently is on the brink of becoming a third world failed state . 
  to be fair you are probably less likely to get the economic migrants though . 
  good luck getting there without going through finland or norway ... 
  there is also no reason at all to invade that sparsely populated `` wasteland '' . 
  that is just not true , they have much more in common with the surrounding countries in asia than they have with the europeans on the other side of the black sea . 
  being christian doese n't make you european either . 
  by that logic there would be millions of `` europeans '' living in egypt , iran , iraq syria etc as well as china and india . 
  they are neither culturally nor geographically european . 
  armenia and georgia are not european . 
  it doesent exist . 
  dont be ridiculous . 
  they are far behind us power but a country of 1.3 billion people is pretty much guaranteed to have a larger economy than one with 330 million . 
  with that logic you could say that northern/western england are colonies of london . 
  make bravos look like rhodes . 
  ftfy, 
  it was a pretty shit war though , really small casualty numbers !, 
  `` just '', 
  it was both , any other claim is ridiculous . 
  literally no one is saying that all the refugees have high education , i ca n't even understand who you are ridiculing . 
  you do n't need a phd to know they do n't speak arabic in afghanistan , at least to me it 's common knowledge to know roughly what language people speak in the different parts of the world . 
  yes , they are . 
  no we have n't . 
  gdp per capita increased 1 % . 
  russia is one of few countries which could survive decently in the long run without imports . 
  why not both ? 
  no it is n't . 
  the us is unparalleled in almost every single research field , has had the worlds largest economy since at least ww2 , has a deep cultural influence in almost every single country in the world and have been extremely influential during the entire second half of the 20th century . 
  they are pretty much on the same level as britain was during the victorian era . 
  by the way , i am not american . 
  uh are you blind ? 
  the map clearly shows that the russian planes take a longer route along western europe ( almost certainly to show force ) and then returning to russia by flying close to turkey through syria then into iran . 
  do you honestly not see this ? 
  they are already opressing them . 
  what else are they going to do , deport them to siberia again ? 
  the plane doese n't nessecarily have to have flown directly at the turkish border ... 
  i do n't understand how so many people do n't consider this . 
  here is a map which supplements what / u/broadstreetelite said . 
  you know the plane doese n't nessecarily need to have traveled straight towards the border right ? 
  it 's entirely possible that they flew at an angle , thereby explaining the 10 minutes . 
  most already have ... 
   let us just wait until the is and co have taken over even more countries . 
  they have n't taken over a single country and they are getting pushed back consistently on all fronts . 
  i 'm just laughing at how naive and `` facebooky '' your coment is . 
  if the whole world banded together to `` eradicate '' islamism it would be so much worse than what 's happening now that it is n't even funny . 
  lol, 
  come on dude be a little creative .
