  no it was n't . 
  why do you spam anti greek comments in all threads like this ? 
  do you have turkish roots ? 
  i guess he means the spaniards could finally get away from spain and move to the americas when it was discovered . 
  why ? 
  you expect them to campaign and say they will ruin europe ? 
  the same is true for other states ... 
  ultimately germany would have fantastic chances to win every time while small states have no chance whatsoever . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  the numbers have lowered massively . 
  yes ? 
  thus it 's incredibly likely that a german would win unless several other countries band together and vote for another partys candidate which is far from guaranteed . 
  well that 's an `` interesting '' opinion to say the least ... 
   and it 's getting worse you have to live in a paralel reality . 
  lol , how would they do that ? 
  germany and france do not have a majority in the eu ... 
  well they are , their economies are growing much faster than westenr europe . 
  are you talking about the goths ? 
  already ? 
  sounds incredibly low if anything since the migrant route through greece has been greatly diminished . 
  precisely why friendlier ties is needed . 
  why would they , better to build some friendly ties with your neighbor . 
  `` capable of thought '' . 
  work on your reading comprehension . 
  yes `` starts developing '' , it 's far from capable of thought so early . 
  when it starts to get a proper and working brain ... ? 
  it 's not just about killing yourself , high alcohol consumption leads to increased risk of a huge number of conditions and diseases that are costly for society like cirrhosis and cancer . 
  i assume this is in a whole year ? 
  doese n't sound that bad in that case tbh although most might come in the summer i assume . 
  29 is too hot . 
  20-24 is ideal . 
  they are amazing . 
  i live near one ( called `` the goats back '' ) and it 's like walking on a long and narrow hill . 
  absolutely perfect place for a short walk . 
  that 's a massive generalisation but sure , in some way you could say we have a `` christian '' culture and they have a `` muslim '' culture . 
  so bulgaria , france , portugal and ireland have the same culture ? 
  the vikings believe their ancestors grew out of a rock after a giant cow licked it . 
   although i suspect the author did n't entirely grasp the scale of the empire at the time . 
  yeah no shit , they would n't say it was a land ruled by minor kings if they saw the splendour of the city of rome or the vast trade network across the mediterranean or the discipline of the roman legions . 
  it was n't the centre of the world just because it was richer than europe , you are forgetting india . 
  christ that 's massive . 
  a few `` green men '' would be obliterated by nato airpower and the stationed troops . 
  20 years ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_bulgarian_empire#/media/file:structure_of_the_first_bulgarian_empire_during_the_ix-x_century.png https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_bulgarian_empire#/media/file:bulgaria-ivan_asen_2.png, 
  that 's sad , why do they not want to be bulgarian ? 
  causes me to rage too , stealing history is not nice . 
   are italians gon na stop calling their traditional products by their traditional names because of the eu ? 
  hopefully . 
  milk is milk , non milk is not milk . 
  period . 
  i love my milk . 
  milk is one of the tastiest drinks in the world , nothing beats the traditional swedish freshly made cinnamon buns and cold milk . 
   it 's made to look and taste like milk , it doese n't really taste like milk at all ... 
  those nasty gays , controlling our minds and making our children homosexual !, 
  have you ever thought of how many coorpirations that dont have jews/gays/nonwhites controlling them that are not included in your pictures ? 
  well of course but that doese n't mean we have shit cheese . 
  it 's like saying we do n't have any planes just because the us f-35 is a bit better than the gripen . 
  we have plenty of good cheese ... 
  aaaand the countries they came from do n't want want to take them back ? 
  see how easy this is ? 
  just send in the eu navy !, 
   your opinion might differ , not going to try to persuade . 
  thank you , i will happily agree to disagree . 
  how does using a real map change anything ? 
  are they just going to pretend that their only potential enemy is n't russia ? 
  i would n't mind at all if russia uses a real map of sweden for excercises since i already know they train to attack us . 
  i absolutely fail to see how that qualifies as `` full retard '' . 
  why ? 
  have you ever heard the phrase tounge in cheek ? 
  what is your problem ? 
  in what way do n't polls matter when it seems likely that there will be another election ? 
  not nasheeds . 
  i am asking them to relieve greece and italy while we work on stopping the influx , it 's not like it 's impossible to do . 
  good riddance , we wo n't have to spend billions on you people anymore then . 
  what 's the point in having eastern europe in the eu and funding your infrastructure if you ca n't follow through with the things you agreed to ? 
  that said i have nothing against poles or eastern europe , if sweden was in nato i would not hesitate to defend you against any invader . 
  i do n't care , it 's my personal opinion . 
   mass import of thirdworlders is not our fault , not our problem and not something we ever agreed . 
  what ? 
  why are you so filled with hate ? 
  why would i see eastern europeans as backward ? 
  i see you as an equal people full of potential economic growth . 
  sadly many eastern europeans seem to hate the west more and more . 
  the same reason why we give you tons of money via the eu to get your infrastructure up to par with western europe , solidarity and cooperation . 
  also , you seem to have misinterpreted the whole situation . 
  this is about redistributin the ones that are stuck in italy and greece in large numbers , not the ones we have accepted in sweden . 
   the flood of migrates comes from the fact they can reach their destination . 
  if they get stopped at the border countries and processed . 
  i 'm saying that we should focus on both . 
  dispersing the ones that 's already here and stopping the influx . 
   they do n't have zero responsibility to deal with our shit . 
  our ? 
  i am talking about the masses of migrants in italy and greece . 
  `` containing '' the problems is precisely what makes it a problem in the first place since they gather in communities . 
  the solution is to stop the influx and disperse , do n't be ridiculous . 
  it 's just my opinion on what should be done . 
  absolutely . 
  if they do n't stay in their designated country at least 10 years or something they should be deported . 
  well i do n't disagree with you , you just seemed to misinterpret what / u/xvoxnihili said about the historical muslim communities since you said they were very few of them who behaved . 
  this is n't relevant to this specific discussion but my opinion in this matter is that the eastern europe has a respnsibility to take a certain amount of the immigrants concentrated in italy and greece currently so they get more disperes and easier to integrate ( if they try to get to germany and sweden after that they should get deported ) .
