  nothing new from russia . 
  latin word herba + chineese te . 
  herbata, 
  comes from two languages . 
  latin word `` herba '' ( in english means `` grass '' ) and chineese `` te '', 
  this is only one of the stories . 
  gulags , vodka and stalin . 
  you can have an ** invisible ** banner and flag . 
  you still can get arrested . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-26936770 so in this logic , in russia you can be arested anytime . 
  authoritarian regime , police state - it is russia . 
  i am happy for everyone who survived . 
  and really sorry for those who have died , who were killed by lithuanians , russians , germans . 
  for example : i feel morally responsible for that our nation ( 3000-5000killers ) did to jews . 
  russians just cant take their responsibility for their crimes . 
  does soviet union still exist ? 
  i can bet you would like that . 
  but no . 
  i am not talking about soviet national hero , i am talking about russian national hero . 
  new stalin monuments , portrait of him during parade , his face on t-shirts ... 
  and 95 % in lithuania . 
  its a really big shame for us , lithuanians , that some crazy nazicollaborators with lithuanian nationality did that . 
  it is a page of shame in our nation history . 
  you just ca n't agree that both things are inhumane ? 
  nobody is denying that things that nazi coloborant did is sick as fuck . 
  nobody would like to repeat this history . 
  i am ashamed that someone with lithuanian nationality did that . 
  but you just cant agree that russian killed many innocent people , just because you are rusofashist . 
  stalin is russians national hero . 
  how many people did he killed ? 
  there is not point to discuss with rizzzeh . 
  he lives in soviet reallity , together with stalin . 
  you can also easily find crazy motherfuckers in russia . 
  the same crazy as some of these in lithuania . 
  i heard there a lot of neonazis in russia . 
  i bet you also worship hitler . 
  did n't deport those who did that or maybe did that because of deportation . 
  both acts are inhumane . 
  i will post this info in on 24 june . 
  this really happened . 
  but deportations was done before pograms . 
  by the way - jews like others were also deported to siberia . 
  according to research made by latvian state archive , 15424 people were deported of them 5 , 259 were arrested in 14 , june actions in latvia . 
  of nationalities 11 418 latvians , 1771 jews , 742 russians , 36 germans and other nationalities 247 were deported . 
  sharia law coming to town, 
  this is a soviet version . 
  but i have different oppinion and knowledge . 
  at least 130000 people , 70 % of them women and children , were forcibly transported to labor camps and other forced settlements in remote parts of the soviet union , particularly in the irkutsk oblast and krasnoyarsk krai . 
  those who you would call fascist reactionaries and enemies of the people [ because of brainwashed history ] were sent to gulags ( about 150000 freadom fighters , doctors , lawers , lithuanian partisans and political prisoners ) this happened during 35 mass deportations . 
  [ in 1941 and 1945 -- 1952 . ], 
  yes . 
  bolshevism is still in russians head . 
  how do russians celebrate independence ? 
  attack another country ? 
  maybe new stalin sculpture ? 
  crazy . 
  different level . 
  in russia this was organized by highest ranking government . 
  yes . 
  it 's st george ribbon . 
  we call it `` koloradk\u0117 '' , because of the same colours like colorado potato beetle . 
  we hate these beetles as much as this ribbon , this ribbon is a new fascist sign for russians , they love to wear it . 
  you should remove turkey from the map . 
  its more likely that money comes from russia and not from eu . 
  everyday russia, 
  it seems that turkey is a trojan horse, 
  my point is , that russia has bigger potencial than making vodka and guns . 
  and russia still denies everything . 
  alcohol , antivirus with backdoors for fsb . 
  launching humans to space isnt a product name ( like spacex ) . 
  great things comes from russia - alcohol and guns . 
  and you only could mention only one product name . 
  yes . 
  i am talking about experts , not russophobics . 
  all expert in all fields says that russia is an example of authoritarianism . 
  * limited political pluralism - one party , others are just for mimic democracy . 
  * a basis for legitimacy based on emotion - a lot of citizens glorify putin , like stalin . 
  * minimal social mobilization most often caused by constraints on the public such as suppression of political opponents and anti-regime activity - definettly russia . 
  * informally defined executive power with often vague and shifting powers - yep . 
  its russia . 
  most experts consider your goverment as authoritarianism . 
  they have already attacked georgia in 2008, 
  personally i think that russian policy is crazy . 
  russia is like a free madman wallking down the street with a bloody knife . 
  someone should put russia into mental hospital . 
  this is a prison slang for vilnius . 
  prisoners from vilnius used to talk in polish , russian or mix russian-belorussian-polish language and nobody could understand them . 
  prisoners are not the most brighest people in the world so they decided to call them portuguese . 
  edit . 
  i think that this map is tottaly bs . 
  juknevi\u010dien\u0117 did this few days ago while talking about other states . 
  all illegal imigrants have many identities . 
  i hate my relatives . 
  i cant understand why latvia is labeled blue ? 
  only 1 word out of 3 is slavic . 
  we shoul include australia tu r/europe, 
  you should post this in / asia, 
  yes . 
  russians are still occupied by thugs . 
  there was no russian airforce one year ago .
