  another way to divide germany http://imgur.com/a/jghma, 
  no-fly zone worked in libia . 
  and uae to welcome 15,000 refugees from syria over the next few years . 
  yeah . 
  great start . 
  create `` no-fly zone '' , send blue helmets , create camps for refugees . 
  you can do that if there would be a global political will . 
  the only safe place for people from syria is germany ? 
  they had to stay in first safe country around syria . 
  helping others is a core principle of islam - how many refugges have been accepted by those muslim countries ? 
  well eu could declare that its not safe to be in eu because of so many terror attacks . 
  just leave them between the boarders or at the airport . 
  who cares about terrorist attacks . 
  these attacks became everyday news . 
  there is no such a thing as freedom of academic speech in russia, 
  its already in the news . 
  its already in the news sites . 
  atleast 3 of my friend on facebook got this in thier postboxes ( their are from different parts of vilnius ) . 
  i think it will reach news sites in a few days . 
  you do n't need any spirit guides . 
  just call the number on the leaflet and ask for an appoitnment . 
  that guy stole the engine ant lost his foot . 
  maybe you should be worry about literacy level in your embbasy . 
  it would n't be the first time . 
  well this could be used as a tool to create a communication with russian speaking minority . 
  i ca n't image that kind of lies russian ambbasy would tell for those poor uneducated people if they would call or try to meet . 
  ofcourse and they should be on trial if some of them are still alive . 
  russia is planning to send little green man army to greece ? 
  i thought that you have these stone walls only in saarema . 
  tottaly agree with you . 
  they should be relocated back to syria . 
  war is not the thing they are running from . 
  those who tries to learn langugage and contribute to society can stay . 
  influence of religion maybe . 
  this chart has been taken out of context . 
  who did this reseach ? 
  i think the data is tottaly made up . 
  no they wont . 
  ita happening the same in ukraine . 
  russian peace keepers ? 
  in what world do you live ? 
  it would be great if they could stay in their own country . 
  your argument is stupid . 
  should i start reading rt ? 
  there is no such country as south ossetia . 
  did russia helped ossetins ? 
  i read the article that situation is ten times worse , thanit was part of georgia . 
  everything is fuck up under russian control . 
  so the prime minister of russia equals pigs ? 
  amazing . 
  and romania event dont export pigs to russia . 
  well , russians started all this sh * t. they shouldnt be suprised . 
  memorials of occupants . 
  now they must to touch and remove those monumens . 
  russian federation is the biggest liar, 
  it was mentioned . 
  did you read the article ? 
  `` every day i work with colleagues in parts of eastern europe where being a reporter is more dangerous than in ukraine -- whether it 's russia , georgia , azerbaijan or belarus . 
  for them , ukraine is n't just a less dangerous place -- it 's also a symbol of hope . 
  if freedom of speech survives there , we can eventually prevail all around the region . '', 
  one day the situation in ukraine will be better . 
  ca n't say the same about russia . 
  after the soviet union invaded lithuania during world war ii , 275,000 lithuanians were deported and taken to labor camps , the lithuanian genocide and resistance center said . 
  the situation in ukraine is fucked up . 
  and it seems it is getting worse these days . 
  poland , dont do this . 
  you are better than this . 
  after new laws in lithuania you can get some jail time just for a gram of weed . 
  russia dont want other nations to get economically stronger , because in this ways russia does n't look so bad . 
  even ours gdp is higher than russia . 
  ( and we dont have oil and gas ), 
  it always funny to see how other europe countries are surprised by russian actions . 
  baltics are talking about this all the time . 
  russia is an aggressor and a terrorist state . 
  russia dont change . 
  just another story from russia, 
  it is a history . 
  learn from it and dont let anyone to repeat it . 
  dont be angry, 
  and thousands of lithuanians killed by armia krajowa , but nobody brags about it . 
  we are together now , it is a history . 
  you need to learn from it . 
  but africa has a civilizational problem . 
  everyone knows it . 
  how can you be angry about someone pointing out the problem ? 
  do n't tell me which crime was the worst since holocaust . 
  we had to live under communism for 50 years . 
  net analogov v mire . 
  western europe should start learning about russia citizens . 
  well , i would say that i feel safe in lithuania . 
  and if someone asks you for a cigarette just say `` sto blet ? '', 
  it is already done . 
  done forget about hunters . 
  they are quite good snipers, 
  we also need some of these patriot missiles . 
  it would be great to send them near kaliningrad . 
  the money to french far-right movement cames from russia and russia is interested to create problems in europe . 
  yes . 
  there is no opposition in country with rigged voting system , controlled journalism and no freedom of speech . 
  it happened 2 years because of russian occupation of crimea .
