i am from lithuania and i love poland and poles . 
  we love poles from poland and poles from lithuania . 
  the thing i hate is awpl and waldemar tomaszewski . 
  i think he is the worst thing that happened to our relationships . 
  there is an ongoing investigation about russian helicopter violating lithuania border last week . 
  according border patrol 3 helicopters violated our border . 
  russian guy tries to know something about military ? 
  no info for you mister . 
  totally agree with you . 
  there should be consequences for russian action , but world do n't have balls to do it . 
  its not russian teritorial water . 
  i am really happy to hear that baltic countries are not eastern europe . 
  you can always try beer routes in lithuania . 
  its about crimea . 
  how can you say that referendum was legitimate then there is an enemy army with guns all around and already annexed some parts of country ? 
  i still believe , that those who died under eu flag ( in kiev ) showed us , that country wants changes . 
  europe should show them how to change and show the direction , it does n't mean that ukraine will join eu in few years , it might take decades to do it . 
  you ca n't just burn the hope for country witch is trying to change . 
  it will take years to reform corrupt russian methods . 
  my english writing and speaking skills are too bad to create normal text and explain what is happening in this video . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-26936770 found some info in english ( if you are interested in ) , but i already made a decision . 
  re-posted video in / r/videos, 
  old news , nobody cares . 
  i already deleted the post . 
  ok . i will delete it myself ( just like in soviet russia ), 
  official story from russia . 
  at first putin said that there is no army involvement in crimea , but after few month he gave medals for this mission and admitted that this was military operation . 
  you do n't need a world-famous toilet paper brand to make a good toilet paper . 
  unless you are willing to pay just for the name - `` itoilet paper '' . 
  we have paper company witch makes toilet paper , its good enough for any kind of ass . 
   legitimate vote in what fantasy world do you live ? 
  referendum at gunpoint is normal in your country?don ' t bother to read because of this nonsense . 
  do you really need a brand on your toilet paper ? 
  happy to hear this . 
  and made by trolls, 
  yes . 
  ukraine is a corrupt and instable country . 
  its a relict from soviet union and eu still should help them . 
  at least give then a chance to reform , europe should show for ukraine the way and give them hope that russia ( and corruption ) is not the only choice . 
  russia will find another target closer to dutch border after few years . 
  what will we going to do then ? 
  whats wrong with you people ? 
  ukraine ties to escape russia and you do n't help them ? 
  even after so many innocent people died in this war . 
  lithuania gathers this kind of information every ten years ( exept political views ) . 
  there is a status called non-citizen in latvia . 
  i hope so . 
  but still nobody will answer or discuss my question ? 
  what will government and police going to do with these arrested people after they will be released ? 
  in my opinion , the amount of terror attacks will increase . 
  next thing - we can separate people by races . . oh wait . . 
  how long they will stay in prison ? 
  few years , maybe few months and that 's all . 
  what is going to happen after incarceration ? 
  they will be more radical , they will create better plans . 
  i think europe is doomed . 
  you can buy and use prepaid sim cards in lithuania . 
  do n't need to register and it takes only few minutes to make it work . 
  the government is thinking about changing this , because of scammers . 
  a little bit about lithuanian flag : these three colors were frequently used in folk weavings and traditional dress . 
  international policy should be based on john lenon song : imagine there 's no countries it is n't hard to do nothing to kill or die for and no religion too imagine all the people living life in peace ... 
  fascist brown or bloody soviet red would be the best for russian trolls . 
  atleast you are not saying that russia is right to protect `` russian world '' . 
  i am happy with that . 
  do you believe that russia is right in this war ? 
  republic of u\u017eupis . 
  they even have their own constitution . 
  http://uzupis.uchplus.org/ https://curiouscatontherun.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/p7193506-1024x768.jpg, 
  `` civil war '' with buk and green man help from russia, 
  nobody wants to be part of soviet union except russians . 
  you have your soviet russia ... u can live and stay in it . 
  we do n't need your `` russian culture '' . 
  the things our nation had to do to survive russian oppression is really ~ ~ unforgivable ~ ~ unforgettable, 
  russians knows how to destroy things . 
  great movie about this story . 
  http://www.imdb.com/video/imdb/vi3495927065 i remember mmm-2011 . 
  the advertisements were all around the city . 
  so sweden now has sharia law ? 
  how you can expect to have bigger population density , when we have had every mayor front-lines in our backyard ? 
  deportation to siberia and nazi concentration camps done a lot of bad things to our population . 
  and more then 300k moved to the eastern europe during last decade . 
  [ `` press house '' in vilnius , lithuania ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/11025805.jpg ), 
  the second step would be to make russian as an oficcial language of the eu . 
  they have military bases in kaliningrad area ( kaliningrad is the headquarters of the russian baltic fleet , and also includes the chernyakhovsk , donskoye , and kaliningrad chkalovsk air bases . ), 
  and belorrusia ( 129 km from vilnius to vileyka ) . 
  they can send an attack during military exercise . 
  we tolerate it and have a muslim community here [ in lithuania ] for ages . 
  there is no problems with muslims because they have assimilated to our society , they have thier own culture and tradition , but do n't go around wearing burkas and shouting `` allah akbar '' and `` sharia is the law '' [ not like in western europe ] . 
  eastern europe just do n't want to have these calais jungles all around the country . 
  external borders of schengen need to be sealed and these illegal immigrants should be sent back . 
  its crazy that everyone these days are called nationalist just because they want to celebrate independence day . 
  i would say this was `` patriots march in estonia on independence day '', 
  really good article . 
  . . and still nobody cares . 
  thanks for your effort . 
  yes . 
  we know that . 
  you are right about schools , but older generation does speak in mixed language instead of polish . 
  kristina rutkovska , specialist from vilnius university polonistic centre , tells that linguistic identity of lithuanian poles is hard to understand . 
  part of them talks \u201e po prostu `` ( this language has very beautifull belarusian dialects bases ) and another part talks in \u201e tuteishiu `` ( native , a little bit closer to polish ) language .
