i can , it 's called the express . 
  fully aware we 're comparing the stink of two turds here . 
  they were told repeatedly that brexit would be everything they ever dreamed of for months on end , and that every economist 's warning was scaremongering . 
  that 's called culture . 
  it 's not really correct to reduce it down to one element like that . 
  brexit was : nationalism ; xenophobia ; believing in fairytale promises such as extra funding for the nhs ; explicitly voting against cameron ; complacency ( some voted leave because ` they wanted it to be close ' ) ; believing the eu was far worse than it actually is . 
  all in addition to the ` anti-establishment vote ' . 
  if you can call it that - last time i checked boris johnson was about as establishment as you can get . 
  this was nothing like the referendum you had in iceland , if i 'm understanding it correctly . 
  this was manipulated by dirty hands all the way along from both sides , it 's not some noble uprising against corruption . 
  and if anyone voted under that impression then they 're just fucking stupid . 
  fully agree that our voting system is trash . 
  i prefer the eu 's , but there , that just shows you what a joke this whole vote has been . 
  let 's be clear , the vote was called by one party because it felt it was in danger of losing too many votes to another if it did n't . 
  there was no expectation of it putting the issue of europe to bed ( except perhaps by the naive ) . 
  reading your transcript i can appreciate why you might take such a stance . 
  however :  clear wishes of the population is drawing to an end . 
  here 's where the situations differ . 
  there is no clear wish of the uk population , the country is split down the middle . 
  hence the protests , hence the talk of delaying or stopping brexit . 
  if the result had been 65 % leave anyone intending to ignore the result would n't have a leg to stand on . 
  as it is they have several . 
  and to move onto a larger point my experience with this referendum has shown me why direct democracy is a terrible model for country to take , unless the average level of education is significantly higher than what we have today . 
  it leads to government by media , because too many people are ignorant and willing to believe whatever inanity is put to them . 
  the country 's direction will be comprised of decisions that are either bad or the vested interests of whoever is setting the media narrative . 
  the general public are not qualified to make complex decisions , which is why we elect representatives in the first place . 
  so your argument is essentially that it 's ` profoundly undemocratic ' for anyone to seek election as a candidate if they 're not pledging to uphold the brexit vote . 
  even if people vote for them . 
  you 're saying one vote supersedes the other . 
  that 's just not how the system works . 
  you can promise whatever you like in your manifesto , the test is whether people vote for it or not . 
  this referendum result is dubious in terms of overall majority and the tenor of the campaign leading up to it , which is presumably why brexit supporters are so keen to invoke article 50 and preferably get out of the eu altogether asap before the issue can be called into question again . 
  they could be accused of it , but those pushing such an argument would be wrong . 
  the uk 's democracy is based on elected representatives , not referenda , and if those elected representatives are saying they will stop brexit , and people vote for them , they will have a mandate to do just that . 
  but whatever happens , half of the country is going to be unhappy . 
  a party just needs to win a mandate on a platform of ` no brexit ' . 
  no need for a second referendum . 
  the issue is whether anyone is willing to do this , and if they can win a majority . 
  false equivalence , a country is not like a family . 
  to be honest , i find a lot of the controversies surrounding clinton to be blown out of proportion . 
  benghazi is a bust , the dnc leaks did n't actually contain anything beyond ` people in the dnc said mean things about sanders after it was already clear he 'd lost the primary ' , and the email scandal seems to be in her rear view mirror . 
  i do n't think the emails are a trivial thing mind , and her weaseling around it leaves a bad taste in the mouth , but it pales in comparison to trump , who lies every day about matters great and small , often for no good reason . 
  i think people just see hillary as a representative of a dysfunctional system as much as anything , but for all that , she is qualified and suitable to lead , which is more than can be said for her opponent . 
  as for wikileaks , who knows what they have . 
  presumably hillary and the dnc , if anyone . 
  for the record i think assange 's role in all this is questionable as well . 
  his ties to russia are n't exactly hidden , and he 's doing everything in his power to influence this election . 
  if transparancy was his only motive he 'd just release what he had . 
  you 're probably being flippant , but you ca n't really limit fallout , see [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu4_bjt8w3y ) . 
  not sure how you could possibly get anything right by genociding an entire region . 
  i 'm not going to defend obama here as he objectively made the wrong decision by sitting on his hands for years and then throwing his hat into the ring with train + equip when public opinion shifted ( by then it was too late ) . 
  the program was an egregious failure , and i doubt clinton would continue it were she elected since it 's among the worst of obama 's policies . 
  what i took your meaning to be was the kurds and iraqi army . 
  since you went on to say they should get weapons/support , it seems our viewpoints are closer aligned than i had thought . 
  apologies . 
   and here goes the fearmongering that was for many years thought as far-right 's domain . 
  by this logic putin would already nuked half the world . 
  here 's where i ca n't agree though . 
  it 's hardly fearmongering : trump is dangerously unstable . 
  his comments on matters surrounding national security and nuclear weapons are highly unnerving . 
  to be clear , while i do n't think trump would launch strategic nukes over mean tweets , i believe it entirely within the realm of feasibility that he would potentially push to drop tactical nukes in the middle east , and start a deadly chain reaction . 
  would you rather they did nothing ? 
  sit back and let the isis cancer grow until it takes baghdad and damascus ? 
  or perhaps you 'd prefer trump in the white house , threatening to bring nukes into the mix . 
  surely if macedonia was represented you 'd claim alexander :d, 
  it 's ok , they only voted with a 58 % majority . 
  i mean what kind of country would allow that small a margin to derail itself ? 
  more to do with 20 + years of newspapers publishing eu myths and pursuing a relentless anti-brussels narrative , to be honest . 
  not to say people do n't have legitimate concerns the eu really ought to address of course . 
  perhaps this vote can lead to an eu more willing to reform itself in line with what people want . 
  the polls in the ge miscounted conservative voters for a variety of reasons : * self selection in the online polls . 
  phone polls were closer to the actual result . 
  * social stigma surrounding voting tory . 
  i do n't think this applies to the referendum ; people on both sides have been vilified . 
  * people 's concerns about the economy surfacing late on into the campaign , causing a late shift . 
  the last point is the one most relevant to this vote , and the reason for much of the status quo drift . 
  case in point - the 2014 scottish referendum . 
  polls were neck and neck on the day , ended up 55-45 to no . 
  still , there are enough variables this time around that it could of course go either way . 
  to be fair we have a * very * special status within the eu already . 
  they might be in favour of remain , but that does n't mean they 're in favour of ignoring the result . 
  da , i am proud patriotic frenchman , comra - i mean , mon amis . 
  down macron !, 
  rape of nanking , unit 731 ... nah , i think they 're about on par, 
  it 's possible to understand the problems driving one 's opponents and to simultaneously be concerned about a cycle of complacency in society that is fertile soil for a love of right wing authoritarianism when we should all know where that leads . 
  those who can not learn from the past are destined to repeat it . 
  no , you 're right , i skim read and did n't catch it . 
  seems odd though , in what constituency would we be voting in , exactly ? 
  i expect the citizenship offered would come with some caveats - no vote for the eu parliament , for one . 
  this is a measure targeted at well educated , high skilled brits whom the eu wants to entice . 
  when the comparison stops being relevant , i imagine . 
  ah , the ` some of my best friends are black ' defence . 
  i 've heard this a lot , but he also wants more european military collaboration , which is anathema as far as putin is concerned . 
  the man himself is definitely prowling around , though . 
  last i heard he 's setting up some kind of think-tank in london and holding meetings with ministers about it . 
  because we 'd want to convert our infrastructure away from supplying diesel and petrol on the road as fast as possible . 
  ( not saying this would happen overnight past 2040 , but it will go a hell of a lot slower if stubborn sections of the population insist on buying fossil fuel cars and then loudly complaining about and obstructing any moves to scale back refilling facilities . ), 
  it did , but since the royal navy stole the danish fleet in the attack it did n't really matter . 
  well , it 's not due to enter active service until 2020 . 
  but yes , currently a no-aircraft carrier .
