what a world we live in where that 's taught at uni, 
  is feminist theory really an actual thing ? 
  i still do n't get how more people voted brexit for sovereignty over immigration . 
  i voted it to reduce immigration and so did everyone else i know that voted for it, 
  where i live there 's a lot of eastern europeans and in my experience the poles are the best by far . 
  the romanians and slovakians etc are annoying , loud , scruffy , have about 8 kids between them and their kids are always little shits worse than normal kids are so a lot of native english people hate that sort of thing, 
  terrorists kill loads of people and its an act of war , murder kills one person, 
  i do n't see why they should get the rights though , if you 've committed war crimes you should be done in, 
  i especially do n't know why war criminals have rights, 
  if they have the means to do it then yeah, 
  terrorists should n't have rights, 
  you ignored the bit where i said for people who want to be terrorists, 
  if he 's a terrorist then yeah, 
  they give them up as soon as they start wanting to kill people from my country, 
  no they give them up as soon as they have any desire of killing anyone from england, 
  glad to be leaving, 
  i would n't have a problem if they killed people planning to perform a terrorist attack, 
  why do you care about a terrorists human rights ? 
  if someone wanted to kill loads of people who live in my country should n't have human rights protecting them, 
  does n't bother me in the slightest that we do n't have a constitution that protects people that want to murder our countrymen, 
  he 's declared that he 's going to come and get revenge via a terrorist attack . 
  its the same as arresting people planning one , he 's got the intent to do it, 
  only people sympathetic to his cause would care, 
  i did n't even know they had them flairs and they should n't have them . 
  nobody uses them anyway and there 's no need for a rainbow flag, 
  the rainbow flag is n't a flag of any country in europe so it should n't have a flair, 
  who in real life , that is n't a dick , goes round calling people a dummy ? 
  for no reason, 
  they would n't be doing the attacks if they were n't muslims and most muslims have extremist views http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/, 
  chill out , did somebody shit in your garden or something ? 
  what bigoted racist thing did he say ? 
  of course he would , he is french after all, 
  not in europe its not, 
  sweden probably has some . 
  my area is majority brown if that counts, 
  they do n't have the means , the islamic countries around israel tried to invade once and found out they were outgunned . 
  there is n't a single islamic country in the world that would win a war against israel, 
  islamic far right would exterminate them if they had the means to, 
  so they 're trading european far right for the islamic far right who want them exterminated like the nazi 's did ? 
  obviously not, 
  i see you 've adopted the french ways very well, 
  its not my problem anyway , why should i have to deal with people from afghanistan living near me and bringing their shitty culture ? 
  they should be against the refugees more than anyone, 
  france already has too much immigrants , taking in a million more would be catastrophic socially, 
  england , france , germany etc. 
  but my great grandfathers and grandmothers are from england , my family has already done that family tree stuff, 
  we 've been here over a thousand years , when non europeans are here as long as we 've been they 'll be considered native to that area, 
  over a thousand years ago, 
  people can move to countries and become a citizen of that country , it does n't make them natives . 
  citizenship under the law does n't mean anything when calling someone european, 
  being european under the law does n't mean anything , someone can move to a england and get citizenship , it does n't make them english, 
  they 'll have european citizenship but they wont be european, 
  not really . 
  raheem sterling was n't even born in england for one, 
  they are n't ethnically european , only person that 's talking about taking rights away from people is you, 
  if you and your family are from a european country for 150 + years and are ethnically european, 
  this is disgusting , they are n't european and never will be, 
  apparently we have to have freedom of movement as part of the trade deal which does n't make sense for england considering that the brexit vote was largely an anti immigration vote, 
  most of the europeans where i live are unemployed though, 
  i 've been abroad in spain and france and i still do n't get why it 's a big deal . 
  plenty of people go on holiday to australia and america and they do n't demand free movement of people, 
  but why is it such a big deal though ? 
  saying its one of the 4 economic freedoms does n't say why its important . 
  i genuinely do n't get why it 's a big deal, 
  i 'm not racist my area went to shit when all the eastern europeans and pakistanis arrived . 
  just from you calling me an arsehole it tells me that you 're just as bigoted as i am, 
  why is europe so obsessed with freedom of movement, 
  people act like xenophobia is n't a evolutionary trait , so what if the east of germany is xenophobic ? 
  they 're not . 
  the place in england that had the largest eastern european population was boston and they voted leave, 
  its because they believe that their way of life is better than everyone else 's and they 're taught to spread it by any means necessary, 
  ` australian ', 
  we do n't have lots of americans in europe though, 
  not to mention failed wherever muslims are in a minority . 
  any group of people that are exposed to muslims for an extended period of time end up hating them, 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted because you 're absolutely right . 
  i live in the north where there 's loads and everyone hates them, 
  lets not pretend that the french like us either, 
  what working class people are open to immigration ? 
  students tend to be if you count them as working class but the vast majority of working class people are against it, 
  its like your expected the germans to like us , most english hate germans including me and vice versa, 
  most people in england do n't . 
  it only tends to be the london types that do it in order to be different than everyone else, 
  haha she 's such a weak leader, 
  how anyone can think any part of their society is better than ours baffles me . 
  just out of curiosity what country are you from ? 
  their society is backwards and radical though , you cant bury your head in the sand and say our society is n't better than theirs because it absolutely is, 
  they 're might only be a few muslims actually committing the attacks but the majority of muslims have radical beliefs like isis, 
  how can you blame people being anti muslim and anti islam with all the stuff that goes on that they 've done ? 
  stop burying your head in sand and realise people are n't interchangeable and countries that bring loads of muslim immigrants in are going to be worse off, 
  the main reason in my experience of talking to people about brexit was immigration issues not british sovereignty although some people wanted that, 
  why is it always people with federal europe or european union flairs that are unwaveringly pro refugees, 
  i mean the part of darnall ward i live in is muslim majority, 
  europe is a christian continent so people can have whatever christian shit they want , europe is not muslim and it does n't have to ensure muslims can wear whatever stupid things they want to wear, 
  poor you i also live in a muslim majority area and its shit . 
  i hate seeing the postbox women walking about they look so fucking stupid they deserve all the dodgy looks they get when they go into town, 
  i got the impression from you saying it was racist for austria to not want you in the eu as opposed to it , sorry if i deduced it wrong it just sounded like that 's what you were saying, 
  turkey is a shit country why would they want them in the eu, 
  the problem is islam, 
  they 're obviously not 100 % german in culture and politics since they 're mostly muslim,
