congratulations , so did a load of other people . 
  that was n't my point . 
  you and the others are exceptions . 
  the vast majority of europeans would fail to name every country correctly . 
   let 's not forget that most of us have to do it in non-native language which makes quite the difference for spelling of most countries that actually makes no difference at all . 
  the names of the countries are given to you . 
  you have the advantage that you live amongst the hardest group of countries to label . 
  what on earth does that mean ? 
  nope . 
  `` in euros '' . 
  it looks absolutely fine . 
  a square-shaped flag should have a square-shaped flair . 
   for a cup ( 200 ml ) which can move a tonne 300 m up you still pay less than one euro . 
  so what ? 
  worth is determined by supply and demand . 
  it 's not cheap just because it appears cheap when you imagine some arbitrary scenario . 
  i can drink clean water for the rest of my life at almost no cost . 
  but that does n't mean it 's `` cheap '' . 
  considering how much water there is in the world , it 's a fair price . 
   you claim that you are ignorant because there is n't enough proof for either case . 
  which is an incredibly lazy position to hold . 
  you keep repeating the point that `` atheism claims to know that deities do not exist '' . 
  that is simply not true . 
  we can not know . 
  every atheist is , in a sense , agnostic . 
  but there is precisely zero evidence for the existence of a deity . 
  atheism does n't have to prove anything . 
  it 's a position based on simple logic : extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  if you think that the likelihood balance between belief and non-belief is somehow equal , you 're living in a dream world . 
   people , if you think that you 're better than tyson , i 'd like to see your work . 
  what a lazy and arrogant remark . 
  sagan 's point is trivial and tyson 's is weak . 
  what exactly do their points about god have to do with their study of physics ? 
  get over yourself . 
  why exactly am i not in a position to criticise his argument ? 
  it was n't related to physics . 
  of course i 'm perfectly qualified to disagree with him . 
  that is complete nonsense . 
  atheism absolutely * does not * assert that god does n't exist . 
  atheism is the `` rejection of belief in god '' . 
  while it is true that many atheists state that there is no god , anyone with the slightest bit of common sense would admit that it is impossible to disprove his existence . 
  see the writings of richard dawkins , christopher hitchens and pretty much every mainstream atheist author there has ever been . 
  tyson 's point is so silly . 
  why exactly should anyone have to tip-toe around the idea that they do n't follow a religion ? 
  atheists are n't a special group or part of a `` movement '' . 
  they are just people who have held onto the same beliefs that they were born with . 
  while atheism and agnosticism are n't exactly the same , an agnostic can select `` atheist/no religion '' because they do n't follow a religion . 
  i do n't see the problem here . 
  if you 're agnostic , you obviously pick `` atheist/no religion '' . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  everyone played a part and made large sacrifices . 
  we should leave it at that . 
  i 've never considered qs 's ranking methodology particularly credible . 
  how ucl ranks above oxford , yale and princeton is beyond me . 
  despite my dislike for rankings tables in general , i prefer [ the times higher education university rankings ] ( http://www.timeshighereducation.co.uk/world-university-rankings/ ) . 
  [ my results . 
  ] ( http://imgs.isidewith.com/results-image/98833813.jpg ) these figures make me appear much more liberal than i actually am . 
  500 $ a month sounds like such a huge amount . 
  in the uk , that would cover most students ' accommodation costs . 
  i do n't know how the norwegian government can afford it . 
  edit : and to consider that danes get twice the amount is even more mind boggling . 
  do you not have to pay that 500 $ back ? 
  why did a single sms cost you 150 $ ? 
  what a stupid post . 
  why are you berating me ? 
  you did n't just state your opinion ; you were being needlessly provocative . 
  i call you out for it and then you have the nerve to tell me to `` get over it '' . 
  give me a break . 
   get over it already . 
  it just was n't good . 
  your pompous attitude does not put you in a position to deny the positive reactions of millions of viewers . 
  you 're entitled to dislike the ceremony , but pull your head out of your arse for one second and realise that it 's not for you decide that your opinion holds the most weight . 
   and millions did n't even bother to watch it . 
  i do n't even understand how that 's relevant . 
  that 's not an objective fact . 
  millions of people found it fantastic . 
   not as great as the beijing opening ceremony but honestly that was nearly impossible to top . 
  i think it 's unfair to compare them . 
  beijing 's relied on huge scale and visual wonders but london 's was much more cultural and heartening . 
  they were both excellent in their own ways . 
   it lacked fantasy , creativity and art . 
  in other words it was efficient in technical skills but sorry , it was nothing artistically . 
  were we watching the same show ? 
  check his comment karma . 
  you 're not alone . 
  i was n't even remotely moved . 
  japan has incredibly low crime rates . 
  since when has it been `` horrific child abuse '' ? 
  i do n't agree with the practice but the fact of the matter is that it has essentially zero negative effects and the vast majority of circumcised adults are not bothered . 
  it 's sensationalist statements like yours that stop the issue from being taken seriously . 
   i consider circumcision to be horrific child abuse . 
  male circumcision certainly is n't . 
  stop being so melodramatic . 
  ninja edit : i 'm anti-circumcision , by the way . 
  what does hdi have to do with anything ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  one could argue that the past tense is more appropriate because the data was recorded in the past . 
  either `` is '' or `` was '' would have been acceptable . 
  it 's not an error . 
   was i do n't see a problem here .
