that 's right . 
  i somehow forgot that not every country joined the eu in 2004, 
  exactly . 
  unless all you care about is leaving country , you should check what is the best option within your academic and financial means . 
  if you want to study and then work in best uni/companies in europe ( or the world ) and your grades are sufficient ( not 30 % of the polish matura ) , you will probably want to look for the best , which is usually outside of poland . 
  they were both during my second year of high school , yes . 
  one was in a big german airline company that cooperated with my school and the other was a major american it company that cooperated with one of our local universities . 
  they were both about software development , but still pretty handy for a physics application . 
  this is why i did n't say impossible . 
  it varies a lot within universities . 
  some value ps 's a lot , some interviews and other just grades . 
  for example , i did n't make my offer ( my grades were lower than predicted ) , but still got in !, 
  there are so many factors , such as your nationality ( some unis put a lot of pressure on accepting international students rather than domestic ) , places available ( for example , when a-level students do really bad ) etc. 
  i 'd say if you 're connected to poland a lot and really do n't want to leave your friends and family , enrolling to a good uni and poland and then going on erasmus is a good idea . 
  it 's also much better than some crappy college in abroad . 
  in secondary school ( do n't mention primary school , it 's not particularly relevent ) , i did pretty good in the maths local ( kuratoryjny ) competition and computer science and english olympiads . 
  in high school i got into the regional stage of the economics olympiad and did pretty well in national robotics competition . 
  firstly , i wanted to study management , but i ended up in physics , so that 's why i took part in so many different subjects competitions . 
  but , imo , my internships were more important . 
  i took 2 one-year it internships in big companies , as well as had some cooperation with the local university for some projects . 
  they value stuff like this a lot . 
  get as much engaged in your subject as possible . 
  i would say scotland 's living costs are comparable to the rest of uk , so tuition fee is the main difference . 
  it used to be free for eu nationals , but they changed it this or last year . 
  [ edinburgh now charges # 1,820 per year ] ( http://www.docs.sasg.ed.ac.uk/fees/undergraduate_2016-2017.cfm?sorter=programme_name ) . 
  as for the loan , it is on good terms . 
  let 's say you got a good degree and start with # 28,000 pa ( per annum ) . 
  on these conditions , you earn # 2,333 per month and pay only # 52.5 of the student loan . 
  it 's closer to a phone bill than an actual ( e.g. 
  mortgage ) loan . 
  people usually call it `` education tax '' or sth similar . 
  as for living costs , you should look for maintenance loan/grant or bursaries . 
  the first one can only be provided to you from university , as the gov ' t grant is only for uk nationals . 
  there is also the maintenance loan , but if you ask me , it 's better to work a few hours on the weekends or evenings than taking another loan . 
  as for the bursaries , they 're similar to scholarships , you do n't need to pay them back and differ from uni to uni . 
  they 're usually based on your income and/or your grades etc , so you 'd need to look it up for a particular university . 
  unfortunately , i did n't qualify for any scholarships or bursaries in my university , so i rely solely on my job and parents ' money . 
  i did not get any scholarships whatsoever . 
  before i started uni , i worked a few weeks in england in a nasty-ass job to save some cash and now , i receive about # 500 a month ( 3,000 pln ) from my parents . 
  i applied for the tuition fee loan , which basically consisted of filling some forms and having a copy of my passport/id . 
  it took me a few weeks to find a part-time job , because i was kinda picky , but if you 're okay with working as a bartender/waiter/shop assistant , you should find a job in no-time . 
  there are loads of job opportunities on campus and if your uni is in the city , then it 's even better . 
  15-20 hours a week should be more than enough . 
  i 'd say both grades and personal statement ( british equivalent of a motivation letter ) are crucial . 
  look at the uni website or [ ucas ] ( http://search.ucas.com/ ) ( the uk 's application platform ) for suggested grades . 
  it is highly unlikely for you to get an offer if you do n't meet these minimum requirements , so talk to your teachers before you apply and ask them what your predicted grades might be . 
  personal statement is mostly about showing your interest in the subject ( i 'd say 80 % ) and your general personality and hobbies ( 20 % ) . 
  it 's usually a good idea to mention some of the books you 've read , taster sessions etc. 
  work experience/internships/some interest in work or education , competitions and olympiads are totally necessary if you 're thinking of applying to the top 5 unis in your subject . 
  otherwise , they 're very welcome , but you can still get an offer without them , provided decent level of the rest of your ps . 
  [ exactly . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ia5ykzfz-_4 ), 
  in england ? 
  not really . 
  it 's not that big of a deal and usually , you 're supposed to pay at least some part of it upfront , so if you do n't have # 9,000 ( or maybe just # 4,500 for the first half ) laying around , you 'll need to take a loan . 
  i am a polish student who did international baccalaureate in high school and now lives and reads in one of the best universities in the uk . 
  ama !, 
  ( or pm ) basically , if you 're interested in living and working abroad , it 's a good idea to study in the country of your destination . 
  mind you , studying in a bad university in e.g. 
  france when you 're interested in working in e.g. 
  germany is much worse than a good university in poland . 
  you should focus on what course you want to do and then look for best unis for this course in your country of interest/eu . 
  as for the language certificates , it really varies from country to country ( and sometimes from uni to uni ! ) . 
  in general , in the uk , if you 're holding a ib diploma ( and probably a-levels too ) , you do n't need ielts ( preferred certificate for internationals ) . 
  answering your questions : 1 . 
  as i said in the beginning . 
  now that eu is so unified with their job laws , many employers recognise foreign universities . 
  as i said , you should look more at whether the uni is widely respected and high in the national rankings for the course than if it is abroad . 
  [ costs of living differ greatly ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/rankings_by_country.jsp ) from country to country . 
  as i can only speak for the uk , $ 380 is what i spend in a week , and i do n't live extravagantly . 
  what you would probably need to do is to work part-time ( as i do ) , work in the summer ( as i did too ) and/or scholarships ( either from poland : the gov ` t , charities , your school , your city , or from the university ) . 
  as for the loans , in england , you are guaranteed a tuition fee loan ( usually # 9,000 per year ) , as a eu national . 
  you start repaying it after you finish your studies , earn more than # 21,000 per year and it 's only a small fraction of the excess ( above the 21k ) . 
  i read somewhere that some people do n't even repay the whole loan ( it erases after 30 years ) !, 
  it really depends on where you 'd like to live and work in the future , what culture suits you , but i would suggest : the uk , germany , switzerland , netherlands and scandinavia . 
  the last two are a good choice economically , as they provide really nice financial support for international students . 
  when it comes to the uk , i would suggest the [ complete university guide ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/rankings ) ranking and government sponsored [ unistats ] ( https://unistats.direct.gov.uk/ ) , but be careful with guardian !, 
  they have some very vague methodology and many universities recommend to disregard it . 
  if you still have questions ( and i bet you do ) , feel free to ask !, 
  this is going to be probably one of the most important decisions of your life and deadlines are close ( or it can be even too late for some unis ) !, 
  the same with setting up eu at all . 
  having open borders ? 
  sharing currency ? 
  we have our ups and downs , but the general trend is to unify and connect more and more . 
  why eu collapse ? 
  i know the trends show a kind of decline in general satisfaction , but still , introduction of many legislations allowed the ( mostly less developed ) states to grow and connect tighter . 
  i know what you mean . 
  when you look at the polls , usually younger people are more supportive of the eu , but we still do n't have any adults that grew up in countries as members of the eu . 
  i also feel polish , but also european . 
  i do n't think the patriotism goes away after making tighter connections with your neighbours . 
  it 's much different than the american states . 
  we still have our cultures etc , but it does n't mean we ca n't pay in the same currency or share some laws, 
  we still have many crucial federal laws , a federal government , 19 out of 28 states share a currency , basically open borders etc. 
  imo , setting up a federal state does not quite mean giving up sovereignty . 
  the 51 % for pollsters raises some serious doubt about reliability of the poll itslef, 
  before the eu parliament elections in 2014 , [ jaros\u0142aw wa\u0142\u0119sa ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meps/en/96774/jaroslaw_walesa_home.html ) visited my city and said that the eu is going to become a federal state , somehow similar to the u.s. , but not exactly like it . 
  i 'm mostly wondering if the eu will be considered a country in the near future . 
  to an extent , it 's already happening , e.g. 
  the eu is a member of g7 , it is recognised as an observer state of the un . 
  something similar to softball
