  okay , so first your strawman attack on my own understanding of events assumes i do not know the difference between national and supranational organizations , and now , in haste you have over reached and arrived at a completely contradictory conclusion . 
  the us was not formed by nation states . 
  the 13 colonies were all english speaking to begin with , in fact it is harder to find more opposite situations than the us and europe . 
  this does not mean , however , that more europe is not the right decision , it only means it must be achieved by different means , that europes path towards federalization will be very different from ours . 
  it seems apparent you have very little capability for nuance . 
  believe me , i am fully educated and upright cosmopolitan , i 've been to europe twice before i was 18 , i read the news and have familiarized myself with europe more than any one else in my high school class . 
  i 'd be the first in line to condemn the american publics insularity and childishness when it comes to foreign affairs . 
  do not lecture me . 
  now that i have posted my credentials , after your accusation and assumption that i as an american are an uneducated hick with no right to an opinion on r/europe , my point still stands . 
  can you address the point i was making now ? 
  to be fair , he does have a certain point . 
  if you guys can not even agree on which language to use , without spending massive amounts of money on massive amounts of translation and redundant documentation , the european project is truly doomed . 
  there are so many more pressing and important matters , the fact the eu has not yet figured this out is ridiculous and juvenile . 
  scrap the whole thing and start over . 
  how else on earth do you plan to achieve ever closer union ? 
  and further down , you point out its important for non english speakers to be able to read the law , fair enough , i understand the complexity of the situation and fully understand why someone would not want to be in a political union without being able to speak the lingua franca . 
  but i 'm thinking more about the long term effects , how much democracy and discussion and open debate is being stifled because no one is speaking the same language ? 
  ironically , selecting a single language would actually increase the amount of discussion , because by simplifying and streamlining the communication process , you have more communication . 
  without more communication , you can not have more europe . 
  wow . 
  amazing . 
  just like the south after the civil war , are you really saying germany was an entirely different country ? 
  it 's the same damn place , razed to the ground , with right wingers and nazis discredited and banished . 
  this is what allowed europe to grow post war . 
  because of modern telecommunications , and the fact hitler survived to the end against all odds , made him look as ridiculous and weird as jonestown the cult leader . 
  the west would 've rather work with the dreaded communists than ever accept anything other than complete and unconditional surrender from the hard right lunatics in germany . 
  do n't pretend you are a different country , like you just `` woke up '' from a bad dream . 
  just like the slavery in the us , the german nation has problems left over which have not been resolved . 
  no nation can untie itself from its own history in the way you think germany did , yet you are at the same time using death figures to support your argument . 
  amazing . 
  well , here you are again stating the obvious . 
  i 've visited germany as well as france and benelux . 
  i 've slept overnight in an american cemetery at the wardens invitation and visited and seen many other cemeteries , french , british , german . 
  so i ignore you when you preach about destruction , you are stating the obvious , something all of us are familiar with . 
  your line of argument can be translated as `` we suffered way more , therefore we deserved forgiveness more than the greeks '' basically , you are saying that the greeks have n't suffered enough . 
  you want them to suffer more in order to receive debt forgiveness ? 
  the `` gimp '' comparison i 've seen on r/europe is proving to be accurate i know who keynes is , and the fact you are pretending i do n't says more about you than it does about anyone else . 
  you keep citing him , strangely , and then stop talking about him . 
  why ? 
  keynes would almost certainly advocate large deficits and higher spending by the greek government , coupled with higher and more efficient tax revenues to help pay for it . 
  this is something the eu is currently preventing greece from doing . 
  what is the reason you are bringing him up ? 
  the citizens of europe today do not know war , all they know is their parents or their grandparents and how they were affected by it . 
  the newer generations have forgotten the lessons of the past . 
  the 21st century right and left are relearning it the hard way . 
  greece absolutely is a state under siege . 
  syria , turkey , immigration crisis , a history of violent clashes between left and right , just recently cracked down on the golden dawn . 
  greece is sitting on a powder keg , and you are sticking your head in the sand pretending it 's not there . 
  will you admit you are wrong when greece does become a war torn state ? 
  will war torn greece cause you to reverse your position ? 
  this is just insane ... 
  its true . 
  the terms for post-war peace pretty much let germany off the hook , we could not antagonize you too much lest the soviets take advantage of it . 
  its obvious , and was even printed widely in uspapers during the war , germany should have remained permanently divided into 3 or 4 states . 
  problem is we needed a consolidated proxy western state to act as a buffer with the soviets . 
  the irony in your original statement is juicy and revealing . 
  scary that so many upvoted it . 
  you 'd rather bring war to europe than let some banks fail here and there ? 
  you 'd rather destroy europe than admit you were wrong and accept the fact you got off easy . 
  if anything your comment is a veiled threat , not much of an explanation . 
  so only until after greece is bombed to the ground and destroyed , then debt forgiveness is suddenly okay according to you ? 
  what planet do you live on ? 
  thank you for posting this , is what i was looking for . 
  is there a way to view it with translated subtitles ? 
  because , and this is something i 've noticed for a while now , the on the fly audio translations seriously suck . 
  i 'd much rather read what they were saying and hear them in their original languages . 
  have you started eating eachother yet ? 
  i 'm so ready for fallout 4 , got my raider cosplay ready and everything . 
  europe is pretty much the one place we actually need to be . 
  do n't let the stupid and moronic adventures in the middle east or vietnam turn you against the legitimate stabilizing and deterrent effect american forces have in europe . 
  that 's just throwing the baby out with the bathwater . 
  if anything , we are spending too much in the arabian gulf and south asia . 
  but then someone always comes along , makes a knee jerk reaction comment and just wants to blow the whole thing up . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  bring em back from the middle east , stop the stupid wars , but please god do not take that sentiment and swing the pendulum to the entire opposite side of the spectrum and withdraw completely from europe . 
  that would be total suicide , for europe as well as us . 
  american withdrawal would result in a power vacuum , and within 5 years or less there 'd be an arms race as france germany and uk all see who could re arm and re equip their empires the fastest . 
  the russians would watch this and laugh , before downing a bottle of vodka because it could possibly mean the beginning of the apocalypse . 
  the potential for miscalculation and war between france/germany/uk and the myriad of dozens of other minor powers is as great as it ever has been throughout history , the difference is that after the war they you were so crippled and bankrupt no one could ever conceive of such a possibility . 
  but it is more possible now than conventional wisdom and academics would have us believe . 
  and there 's nukes this time . 
  fear the russians , yes , but do not take for granted the peace the cold war gave us . 
  do n't forget to fear your own countries as well . 
  even as i 'm typing this there are nationalists in every major country in europe who would laugh and sneer at what i 'm saying , call me a doomsayer and a madman , only to collectively and unwittingly destroy the world as we know it 10 years later . 
  this is such a false equivalence , so dangerous and mis informed , people honestly do a dis service to those of us who are anti-iraq war and just simply want to see responsible decisions made . 
  tldr - you can pull back and refrain from stupid wars in far off corners of the world without dismantling the entire post ww2 international order as we know it , and those on both sides of the isolationist/imperialism spectrum who believe otherwise are dangerous lunatics, 
  i 'm coming back to make a couple points . 
  the u.s. was in no position to prevent a german invasion of anything or anyone in 1939 . 
  even the attack on pearl harbor was at best just barely enough to get us into the war in europe -- thank god the germans declared war on us , because americans in general had little to no legitimate reason to go to war in europe , regardless of how bad the nazis were . 
  of course there could have possibly been a lusitania or maine or tonkin type incident which could have drawn us in , but americans in general were widely isolationist and were promised by our political leaders that we would stay out . 
  besides our imperialism in latin * america and the pacific , no one wanted any part of european affairs . 
  indeed , it was ww2 which saw the anglo soviet invasion of iran and for the first time a permanent american military involvement in the near east as we replaced the crumbling british empire . 
  not saying these decisions were moral or correct or wrong -- just pointing out our world wide empire was not yet involved in the middle east or europe until well after the war began and even if we had wanted to stop the germans from doing something , it was militarily impossible and politically had to settle for arming our allies . 
  letting the russians fuck you over for 50 years . 
  as a 1/4th polish american i wonder what kind of mad man would risk nuclear war over this kind of crap . 
  as much as the russian and american empires sabre rattled , at the end of the day we have no beef with eachother and its quite remarkable when you realize that throughout all that time no russian or american ever saw direct combat . 
  you 're blaming us for not totally destroying the world as we know it because your small little nation was abused and taken advantage of by a larger one . 
  this reminds me of cuban americans who wanted to hijack the us military and use it to overthrow the castro regime -- consequences be damned . 
  also reminds me of jewish americans , most of whom never served , who are cheerleaders for war with iran . 
  consequences be damned .
