exactly . 
  looking at r/europe , you 'd think the rest of the world is doing just fine and the eu is the only thing holding europe back from greatness . 
  newsflash -- the global recession and eu crisis are pretty much one in the same . 
  the worst crisis since the great depression . 
  it 's happening in the usa , too , you know ... 
  not even worth the effort . 
  deleted my comment , you 're obviously not interested in what other people have to say . 
  l i addressed every single possible point you made , point by point , a good little couple of paragraphs . 
  you respond with ... nothing of substance , at all . 
  besides being a condescending prick to someone who disagrees with you . 
  and i 'm the one being downvoted ? 
  lol . 
  okay , message received , i 'll go back to lurking on r/europe . 
  enjoy taking it up the ass from germany . 
  your ridiculous island nation will complete its fade into obscurity because of morons like yourself . 
  looking at your comments i 'm half wondering if you 're an american troll out to make brits look bad . 
  you might as well get it over with and move to texas , because that 's exactly where you 're headed . 
  `` when external threats arise '' which external threats are you referring to ? 
  the eu exists because ( old ) europe was internally unstable . 
  and before you say soviet union ... 
  they would not have been nearly as powerful had the other european states not been fighting among themselves in the first place . 
  europe is not going to be conquered externally any time in the foreseeable future . 
  but to remain relevant on the world stage , it must unite in order to compete . 
  the alternatives are not pretty , regardless of how much the eu may be disliked . 
  i was gon na go with the 50 percent discount for laboratories and workshops, 
  its the old `` stick my head in the sand '' or `` plug my ears and hum '' trick . 
  pretend refugees are someone else 's problem , ignore them , accuse them of being fraudulent liars `` they 're not fleeing syria !, 
  they 're fleeing from ____ insert unstable third world warzone here _______ !!! '', 
  as if that really even makes a difference . . 
  the united states is a nation of refugees . 
  had europe not been so violent and over populated , relative to the american continent , our country might not exist . 
  once the removal of indians was complete , at various degrees of violence and at a relatively slow pace over many centuries , what we had was essentially empty land . 
  europe at this time would 've probably resembled india today . 
  overpopulated , urban shitholes and landed gentry taking up greater and greater swaths of land for fewer and fewer numbers of landed gentry . 
  the united states at its heart is a nation of political dissidents who said `` fuck it '' and abandoned their so called `` homelands '' open , pluralistic civilizations are primarily stronger and bigger than other ones because by definition what does not kill you makes you stronger . 
  the crisis affecting europe was bound to happen , looking back at the population outflows from not only from the crises in syria but also the long standing trade routes over the sahara and north africa the difference now to me seems to be knowledge , widespread access to maps and much faster communication between the average person . 
  this allows immigrants inside easy communication to the outside . 
  the world has become smaller , in other words . 
  we are just now learning that it 's not `` the end of history '' and civilization will not always advance evenly with technology and `` bend toward justice '' . 
  the world is cyclical , not linear . 
  the youth of today do not internalize the lessons learned by their grandparents , the slate has been wiped clean `` ending the war '' in syria is to me such a non-answer , the issue is endlessly more complicated because it 's a territorial proxy war being waged by world powers . 
  this is not goat herding mountain people in the middle of nowhere , this is the eastern mediterranean right on europe 's doorstep . 
  i think the only reason this refugee thing is such a crisis in the first place is because people in general are always ignorant of world events until it offends their sensibilities . 
  right now we are seeing a kind of protracted moral hysteria , way out of proportion to what is actually happening . 
  its the paranoid delusions of our sub conscious worrying about the young brown men who will possibly rape someone one day , forgetting the fact that when hundreds of thousands or millions of people travel en mass , well , no shit dude , statistically it would be impossible for there not to be any thieves or murderers among them . 
  both in the us and europe as well we live inside manufactured information bubbles . 
  i know what your opinion of my opinion is , hence we have a disagreement . 
  `` scrap the whole thing and start over '' might be a bit simplistic , but its nevertheless the right decision . 
  its exactly what the us has done numerous times throughout our history . 
  creativity and legal semantics ( jiggery pokery ) have allowed our nation to reinvent ourselves consistently while still claiming to `` the same country '' . 
  in other words , if what i am saying to you seems realistic , our founding fathers would have told you `` figure it the fuck out , do your damn homework '' the united states in its current form was not legislated into existence overnight , it went through a series of radical transformations every 50 years . 
  our system has ensured a degree of localization but also allows radical and revolutionary reforms to be implemented under our legal system , from the top down if necessary . 
  its always a work in progress . 
  so `` scrap the whole thing and start over '' is exactly what i mean . 
  start over at square one , because ignoring basic problems like language means europe will forever be incapable of solving its own problems . 
  its self denial , and self delusion . 
  when problems are ignored and open wounds fester for generations , problems becomes crises . 
  the american civil war was predicted many times over , throughout the entire first half of the 19th century . 
  the arrangement between the rural slave power and industrialized north was unsustainable , the war a longtime coming , and if you understood our history you would be taking away the exact opposite conclusions from our history . 
  from 1790 to 1860 , every generation of american political leaders said `` give it time '' , `` wait just a little bit longer '' , `` we 'll solve it later '' . 
  its up to great leaders , and great generations to ask , if not now , when ? 
  when the unsustainable nature of the status quo becomes obvious , people are moved into action , whether they like it or not . 
  so its cute and adorable that tiny european nations , which were conquered in days and weeks by an overwhelming hegemon , are now in their current form insisting on isolation and sovereignty , and insisting , even though their educated classes all speak english , converse in english , formallycommunicate in english , debate non europeans in english ( you ) and write their budget proposals in english , that somehow , it would be `` offensive '' to make it `` official '' . 
  again , it is self delusion of the highest order . 
  the us has no official language either . 
  that did n't stop my ancestors from coming here from every corner of europe and adapting . 
  and the point about democracy . 
  the us has a history of being undemocratic , the constitutional conventions , the consitution itself , was written by forward thinking educated revolutionaries , with very little input from `` the masses '' . 
  referendums are just that , an official poll . 
  its up to the political leaders to decide the way forward . 
  thank god we in the us did not have an up or down vote on ww2 , roosevelt promised isolation during the 1940 election , lying through his teeth , and thank god he knew when and where to lie . 
  again , he figured it the fuck out . 
  thank god we will not have an up or down vote on the recent iran deal . 
  the situation is constantly evolving . 
  the european political class lacks imagination , because of their complacency and lack of urgency . 
  it is the leaders who have failed you , by failing to prepare the public and the masses for the future . 
  and its up to you to choose your leaders . 
  so , when i say europe does not have enough democracy , i mean exactly what i say . 
  there is a limited amount of it to go around , and every bit which is wasted at the local and regional level leaves little to be had at the european level . 
  more democracy is exactly what we are seeing now in brussels , for the first time in the history of the eu we are seeing a glimpse of solidarity and sacrifice which will be necessary if the project is to survive . 
  yes and no , if you truly want to test our respective knowledge of history , go ahead , i will beat you . 
  our civil war was our `` second revolution '' , the first was independence , the second was the founding of our modern nation state . 
  so go ahead , please , i 'm begging you , tell me what lessons are there to draw from the american civil war as is related to the current crisis in europe ? 
  it is all connected , and , understanding both of them better than you , i 've arrived at my conclusion at a carefully and measured pace . 
  just because you see the flag next to my username , write off the content and meaning of my arguments , as `` just another know nothing american '' while you stick your head in the sand , only reveals your intransigence . 
  the us is as relevant and a part of europe as russia or turkey , in fact , it is even more relevant . 
  we are the modern roman empire , you are greece . 
  distinct , but inseparable . 
  europe is the intellectual and spiritual homeland of every american . 
  not confined by its heritage , but by blood and lineage . 
  the american civil war proves the necessity of having a strong executive , something which europe currently lacks . 
  the civil war proved that even with one language , the federal system will come under attack by smaller weaker states which only look 5 years into the future , instead of centuries . 
  the american civil war saved the union and helped ensure and prolong the european enlightenment into the 20th century . 
  in fact , it is only the lessons i have drawn personally from our own civil war , which frame and shape my current understanding of the european crisis . 
  to condense my argument for the sake of time and space , the us was saved from oblivion by forward thinking , enlightened whigs who were not afraid to carry the nation kicking and screaming into the future . 
  at the right moment , it chose the right leaders , and was capable of making decisions which ensured survival of our system . 
  this is the very same problem europe is dealing with today , except your political leaders have grown complacent , old and decrepit . 
  your status quo leaders decided for the past 70 years to perfect the bureaucracy of government without doing the hard work of preparing the public for the next step , about what must occur if peace between nations is to persist . 
  hint : a confederacy of weak states with nothing but an economy to link them is exactly what we had in the south , and exactly what europe has today . 
  `` the us literally grew from a union of nation states very similar to the current eu . '',
