  bledsoe is pure fun , love this guy . 
  [ as an italian ... ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view6/4414908/grosso-goal-wc-2006-o.gif ) , 
  so true , german team deserves more . 
  always been competitive throughout the years , while the italian team is so inconsistent . 
  but man , in 2006 we were so loaded . 
  you know what they call a guy who pays that much attention to his clothes , do n't you ? 
  suspension of disbelief , bro . 
  he has more range and good footwork . 
  but is he a match to bynum post game ? 
  i do n't know . 
  omg i had forgot this . 
  thank you so much , my face hurts, 
  i ca n't decide between ganja and coffee . 
  brake lights at a red light , especially at night . 
  stop fucking blinding me , if you really think your car is gon na stroll away on his own use the damn handbrake . 
  that was something , for real . 
  along with germany - italy in wc 2006 semifinals , best football match i 've ever seen . 
  you almost got me . 
  i was about to call mr. lyon . 
  well , i would n't go as far as saying that . 
  if bb * sucks * , then there is really not much worth watching . 
  i agree that the wire is miles better though . 
  yes , good point . 
  as far as the differences in everything else go , both shows have downright amazing ( i 'd say unmatched ) acting and writing . 
  talking about television , of course . 
  ok , let me rephrase it . 
  as much as i love bb , i like the wire way more . 
  but as i wrote in a comment in this same thread , they have not much in common except for incredible writing and acting . 
  so there 's that . 
  yes . 
  always happens to me . 
  gets me out of my fuckin self damn it, 
  in bergamo there is a small section inside the airport which is open to the clear blue sky . 
  like 7x7m . 
  it is still pretty disgusting and you ca n't be in there 30 seconds without reeking for 1 week . 
  i agree with you . 
  sorry for those ignorant assholes , not every italian is that way . 
  you 're learning . 
  second that . 
  as much as i love kawhi my italian pride longs for the king marco flair . 
  really . 
  he 's so reliable with that shot . 
  really i mean wtf . 
  woah , great game . 
  that french dagger . 
  thanks man !, 
  we forgive you young blood . 
  i ca n't even explain how infuriating all this is to me . 
  i ca n't stand people so blindly obtuse . 
  i guess i 'm just an asshole for discriminating idiots . 
  italy will pass the first turn with 3 draws by playing awfully and scoring in off-side at the 96 ' of the last match . 
  then we 'll somewhat kick germany out of the competition , cause that 's what we do . 
  we 'll eventually proceed to lose 3-0 to an underdog , which will be ass-kicked by spain or brazil or whoever will raise the trophy . 
  it 's not true for everybody . 
  southern italy has shitloads of problem . 
  northern italy too has shitloads of issues , but we have more money so some people feel it is right to blame the south ( and the immigrants ) for everything . 
  the reality is that italy has a whole does n't seem commited to get better has a country , 90 % of the people here just blame north , south and immigrants . 
  and the political class too , but even if they 're right in that case , everyone who can will get that little help ( `` favore '' ) from that one politician he knows . 
  ah , the station area of florence can be sketchy . 
  sorry that you 've been mugged . 
  hope it did n't ruin the memory of florence which is , i believe , one of the most wonderful cities in the world . 
  i like portland and am happy about their streak . 
  that 's why i want to apologize in advance for sweeping their ass at some point in the playoffs . 
  being from emilia , i 'm more inclined to think he can cook some killer tortelli di zucca . 
  i get what you 're sayin ' , but then . . lasagne . . 
  thanks , you deserve some great tortelli di zucca ^ damn, 
  fucking excuses of human beings . 
  sorry all of this happened to you . 
  you 'll get through it , stay strong . 
  yes . 
  then everybody just wants to leave and goes 2pac . 
  you guys make my day with these exchanges lol . 
  i guess thanks are in order, 
  could you tell me everything about the wire ? 
  this makes even more sense . 
  you backstabbing rascal, 
  you 're the man . 
  sorry , though . 
  marco is now the top 3-point shooter % - wise . . sdeng my ass !, 
  i love you . 
  you 're clearly going to kill a bear with your bare hands in this pic . 
  woah , that 's really beautiful, 
  i honestly would n't underestimate rush lyrics like that . 
  it 's a different style , but i their lyrics are written amazingly well , and most of them are really thought-out and deep . 
  i honestly would n't even put rush songwriting below pf 's , and i dearly love both bands . 
  never really got into yes though , so i do n't know about them . 
  this . 
  and it 's saying much , considering that pirlo is one of the best midfielders of the last 20 years ( i 'm being conservative ) . 
  woah , this sounds good . 
  they are indeed . 
  i appreciate the quote . 
  but dude . 
  damn . 
  in which city were you ? 
  this is true . 
  but even though it 's true that there are a lot of equally great pgs , why nobody seem to care about defense ? 
  i love ty lawson as an offensive player , but i 'd take a mike conley over him any day because of his defensive ability . 
  same reason why in my opinion curry will never be a top 3 despite him being a terrific shooter . 
  this is the demonstration , as if it was needed , that the spurs play the best basketball in the league by far . 
  by miles .
