  but i ca n't be irate . 
  we played like fucking shit . 
  this team did n't deserve to go on at all . 
  probably uruguay neither , but still . 
  it 's ok , we deserved to go out . 
  i 'm just sorry pirlo 's last world cup ended like this . 
  i honestly hate to see balotelli play . 
  he 's always on the ground , whining and crying . 
  thanks for reinforcing italian footbal stereotypes . 
  if everything does n't go his way he assumes the behaviour of a 5-year-old brat and becomes * useless * . 
  fuck balotelli . 
  i do n't want the future of italy nt to revolve around someone that unreliable . 
  the opening with release was perfect . 
  this concepts some americans have of `` europeans '' is amusing . 
  that 's not even a thing , guys . 
  put a swede and an italian in a room . 
  or a spaniard and a latvian . 
  they will have nothing in common . 
  edit : of course i 'm being downvoted . 
  dwell in your ignorance and racism , sad teenage murican boys . 
  according to 90 % of pub players , accidentally looking at the minimap, 
  kuroky is hands down the most consistent na'vi player . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  and your argument for kuro being a bad player and a bad pickup for na'vi is a single teamfight ? 
  in a game in which he even won the early game along with puppey . 
  you 're obviously biased and there 's no reasoning with you . 
  i just know that everybody on na'vi slumps from time to time ( xboct has been playing awful for quite some time now ) and kuro is the guy which more consistently delivers . 
  ok , you 're just saying random things . 
  ramble on dude . 
  what the fuck did i just witness . 
  i know how bad they are looking . 
  they seem to be adapting very poorly the new metas . 
  puppey 's drafts are not that brilliant anymore . 
  every match , a couple of players seem just off . 
  xboct is a straight up 4 lately . 
  but i just ca n't count out those old wolves . 
  they are like the spurs . 
  you underestimate them and they just go medieval on your ass . 
  when they turn it on , their teamfight execution is still unrivaled . 
  what the hell are you saying , manu played out of his mind this postseason and his dunk in game 5 practically sealed the title . 
  why did you build 2 s&y in one game ? 
  was it for trolling or the maim chance stack ? 
  ( i do n't think so ) you should just benefit from the stats and the damage with the second one , right ? 
  fuck , i should actually start doing this . 
  i do n't find reasons to doubt you , it was probably waaay back . 
  how long ago was it ? 
  guys i fucking love you all , and dan and everybody , i 'm so happy for this i wan na cry . 
  god you are so right . 
  the only interesting character in dexter was dexter . 
  deb was the worst though . 
  hey , i swear a lot , i 'm so fucking cool . 
  dude , what ? 
  dude , i hate to be * that guy * , but just forget her . 
  do n't text her . 
  do n't contact her . 
  it 's not gon na do you good , trust me . 
  i was in the same situation and it took me a long time to realize that sometimes is better to just move the fuck on , because if it did n't work out the first time , there wo n't be a happily ever after the second one . 
  wanting to be friends and all that stuff is something you tell yourself to justify contacting her . 
  at least that was the case for me . 
  yeah , that guy has the looks of a smart motherfucker . 
  yes, 
  hopefully once america gets its first ti , this inferiority complex will die away . 
  you 'll get there us kiddos !, 
  i got your reference bro . 
  nevermind these ignorants . 
  i am italian , but with some genetic anomaly which gave me a sense of time . 
  i have to put up with this shit everyday . 
  it 's hell . 
  yeah , all those fucking 10-year olds being shred to pieces while playing in the street had it coming . 
  or maybe decades of tension and hatred along with the fanatism that inevitably will create his space , because it seems like the only way to face the guys that bomb you , will do that . 
  god , 70 years of this shit and people still do n't care about the fucking context . 
  now all the palestinians are evil bastards . 
  fuck you guys . 
  i would like to see how / u/chetnrot would show his gandhian diplomacy after 50 years in a fucking desert strip of raining rockets . 
  this conflict is a clusterfuck of mistakes . 
  i think that 's well known . 
  nobody is right here . 
  i still do n't think, 
   yet people continue to believe that palestinians are a bunch of innocent kids, 
  is a solid argument . 
  the people being killed are , for the most part , innocent kids . 
  ok , you 've uncovered the lack of absolute values in the world . 
  good for you . 
  i was just saying that i do n't think palestine is all in all the good guy oppressed by evil israel . 
  i 'm saying that fanatism , along with this irrational and harmful way of thinking shown by this poll , do not strike me by surprise , ** given the context this whole situation unfolded in . 
  ** i would n't expect anything different . 
  and i still ca n't think that kids dying in the streets of gaza are * as guilty as hamas * . 
  well , i may be naive , but i am pro-people . 
  israelis too are growing more and more tired of this endless exchange of bullets . 
  but politics are another thing . 
  and if religion is caught in the middle , it 's a fucking mess . 
  it will end one day . 
  see , i get all of your points . 
  but you fail to put everything in a different perspective . 
  i wo n't bore you anymore with my rants , have a nice day . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . 
  living here , i ca n't see with my wildest imagination the people of italy rising up to avenge a dead pope . 
  on the other hand , you have no idea how many would celebrate . 
  what is that ? 
  are you supposed to eat it ?
