  glimmer cape ? 
  you know that chronosphere gives true sight , right ? 
  it may mitigate the bash damage which is magical , but void is usually coupled with external sources of damage anyway and he can go for other targets . 
  it has always happened . 
  pros just pick the same safe heroes because they know they work - somehow - until someone else tries different shit and everyone picks up . 
  stay away from this shit , really . 
  it 's addictive , but not in a good way . 
  which is the reason why i am browsing / new in the dota2 sub and saying bad things about it . 
  your friends were assholes because this game makes everyone an asshole . 
  it 's not an hyperbole . 
  only like 1 % of the playerbase is immune from becoming a raging flamer for the most stupid reason . 
  i think cs : go is a competitive game which you can take more lightly , it has a nice skill curve and a way , way less toxic community ( even over there not everybody is an angel though , mind ) . 
  lol i think purge is genuinely confused tbh, 
  draskyl and bone7 have good taste but singsing has the best music , no one else plays mogwai and god is an astronaut . 
  except you 're making up statistics and that totally invalidates your point . 
  what are you gon na do ? 
  i guess in 10 years , when the entirety of europe wo n't be a pile of bones after all , they 'll understand they were n't quite right . 
  last time in a 3v1 i killed 2 as t with 3 guys screaming in my ears , they followed up by shouting 3 different callouts and indications on where to plant , i ended up fucking up the play in utter confusion and they kicked me . 
  lol . 
  it 's not true , there are many russians who are not dicks if you give them a chance . 
  if you do n't start raging because there are 4 of them who talk their languge , they 'll even start saying the important things in english ( ... not everytime , but worth a shot ) . 
  do you play on eu ? 
  i 'd like to add you on steam . 
  edit : i just saw you do n't , oh well :\\, 
  learning a language spoke by millions of people is never wasted time . 
  the magic johnson of dota, 
  110 % synderen . 
  i never heard of cr1t before he joined monkey business but he really is an amazing player , when players get so much respect for their wisp and rubick play you got ta know they are really skilled . 
  for me , the old fnatic was the most entertaining team to watch . 
  they would come up with crazy strats and pick heroes nobody would even consider at the time , but the results always lacked . 
  seeing these guys now able to succeed is great . 
  volvo who the fuck cares about terrain just giff patch notes for fucks sake, 
  i 'm so glad that dumb boring hero has been proved as trash tier honestly, 
  i always random and carry salty fucks like you, 
  some people are just better at the game and do n't need to pick the cancer of the month to have a chance, 
  dota players are like fish , they are attracted to shiny things . 
  everything hero is a right clicker if you have a fuckton of money . 
  blink and abyssal is a good start if you have 10 more slots . 
  the dota community does n't really hate lol . 
  it 's more like we look down on that game from our high deniable horse . 
  i mostly see praise for his selflessness honestly . 
  i 'm obviously not taking twitch chat into account . 
  this series was fucking amazing . 
  thanks for everything and good luck , mate . 
  suddenly best pudge item, 
  so you help webadmins with `` issues '' but you ca n't find a contact for valve staff ? 
  this smells a bit like bullshit , man, 
  i played this a load when available and it was so goddamn fun , way more balanced than any other hostage map . 
  i agree , it 's shiny and colorful but it 's just no fun for me . 
  i hate graveyard so fucking much on retakes, 
  i 'm literally in tears, 
  you do n't always have to explain everything like your audience is 5 years old . 
  though people here do n't get sarcasm unless you write / s or kappa , so i can understand their brain not being able to process something autonomously . 
  still does n't give truesight, 
  doom and tusk are too strong and i 'm sure they will get nerfed , but i 'd also like to see shadow fiend and wyvern a little less dominant in the pro scene . 
  ww 's ultimate is just stupid ; instant , through bkb and gets multiple heroes ? 
  this . 
  i can clutch 4ks as easily as i can miss full ak sprays or die mid in the first 12 seconds . 
  i 've been following cs : go pro scene for a short time , but thorin to me just looks like the guy who talks shit about whoever loses . 
  twitch chat can do that kind of thing on its own , i think . 
  so it 's ok to preemptively physically assault anyone who is mad with you ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  everybody can say `` they sucked '' , but the right people will tell you why they sucked , what they should have done to not have sucked , and what actually they did right but it was n't enough to not suck . 
  i swear to god , this guy 's just pathetically dumb . 
  give it up already . 
  good to know , i 'll be shopping then, 
  lol , no it 's not . 
  why would that be the case ? 
  do you play with lems often ? 
  i 'm in the `` mostly all les '' phase , but the more you start to see lems in your games the closer you are to rankup . 
  you 're definitely getting closer , then . 
  previous wins would count less for elo if they were against some dmgs . 
  i do n't think this team is something serious . 
  they will just try to make their way in the major open qualifiers . 
  `` hey friberg , wan na be a sub for our troll team ? '', 
  `` sure !, 
  itt : lots of salt for god knows what reason , it 's just a clowny clip, 
  oh lol i remember him from fpl , he just asked spirit breaker or night stalker every game , no matter what, 
  fuck this shit i was on a 9 game winstreak dropping 30 + in most games , now every game is gon na be a random r8 shitfest, 
  which made competitive games ridicolous random shitfests because it 's broken as fuck . 
  imagine release ember spirit , but three times stronger and there are 10 of them in every game . 
  it 's almost like different people have different opinions , fucking mind blowing, 
  this does n't seem so random to me . 
  cts are encouraged to try retakes this way , which makes the game more fun to watch ; and ts get more time to balance it out . 
  i can give the benefit of the doubt to this . 
  the rest is plain dumb . 
  i 'm starting to suspect they poorly thought out this changes in the coffee breaks between long hours of work on the new dota patch . 
  it 's not a serious team , they 're all ex-pros turned casters/analysts . 
  they probably just want to mess around in the major open qualifiers . 
  i do n't think friberg being sub in that team means much . 
  that 's for sure . 
  if valve implemented even half of the ridicolous suggestions that get upvoted to the frontpage of / r/dota2 that game would be as dead as delta force 2 . 
  yes . 
  for five-seven/tec9 . 
  but i do n't think the glock/usp/p2k warranted any nerfs whatsoever . 
  i 'm browsing reddit instead of playing right now because last game was so bullshit and stupid and it nauseated me . 
  i instagibbed one guy on inferno balcony from white door with the revolvo rightclick . 
  what the fuck, 
  lol the nerfed the dualies too ? 
  did they even think about these changes or what ?
