  or the complicated as fuck situation of eastern europe dating back decades and decades . . 
  `` i do n't know what 's going on anymore . '', 
  ( merlini in g5 ), 
  sums it up perfectly . 
  thanks , i 'll try this . 
  do n't get discouraged by downvotes and trolls , these are the people who 1 year ago flamed me for mirana support . 
  they just ca n't think outside the box and they 'll always be mediocre because of that . 
  this may not work , but it 's worth a shot . 
  illusions have a million uses and the interaction with helix is interesting . 
  and then this happens . 
  `` bane , can you please buy next wards ? 
  i still do n't have boots and i already bought 6 obs , 4 sentries and upgraded the courier '', 
  ''  need 3976 gold for aghanim 's scepter '', 
  those are just retarded and you know you have to win despite that person being in your team ( unless you 're aa , but you still have to support your team ) . 
  what i really hate though , is the arcane rush regardless of how the game is going . 
  people do n't see the wards as priority if they do n't have their fucking upgraded boots , even if they are not needed . 
  you just press r , and the fun stops . 
  residentsleeper, 
  i love that hero, 
  gl waga , we do n't see nearly enough ta in competitive these days . 
  he 's an anti-bkb hero . 
  if they cores are likely to build bkb beastmaster is a good pick because his entire kit fucks up spell immunity . 
  why not veil before burrowstrike ? 
  you can shift-queue everything during the ult animation . 
  here in northern italy i have to remember how many kisses the specific person i 'm meeting wants . 
  could be 1 , 2 , 3 . 
  yeah , i did n't get that either . 
  if you max shrapnel you most likely want to bring towers down . 
  now it deals no damage to buildings . 
  what am i missing . 
  yeah , but the problem is that if you morph full strength you do n't have any damage to justify the enemy targeting you , and your mana pool is so bad that you ca n't spam skills ... so you 're essentially a very tanky creep with no damage and 2-3 stuns in the chamber . 
  i thought about morph support since i saw the patch notes but i honestly do n't see it viable . 
  that 's just a wot , plus random people edited it a thousand times and i think it was made up in the first place . 
  the gesture literally means `` what the fuck are you saying ? '' . 
  so not very relevant , but because of that even more funny , lol . 
  source : am italian . 
  i do n't think this is gon na last ... 
  they changed the way fissure works with creepwaves because of this . 
  ta lvl 2 why no gang, 
  i feel that some do , just like there is an abnormal quantity of axe players who like to blink in the mid of 4 enemies under their t3 , alone . 
  * where is team *, 
  but hey , it 's obviously just a trend connected to the way the hero is played and how the person likes to play , not everyone does those things . 
  the lower you go in skill , the less people get the concept of mid-game items , and tend to rush big items regardless of the difficulty of the lane and the freedom of farm they had , ending up with little to none mid-game presence . 
  that s4 game . 
  if you learn to play a good sand king , you 'll be a double edge sword . 
  you can have a great impact on fights and ganks with just a blink dagger , and you can be the support your team needs and the guy that is able to place decent and actually useful wards . 
  sk is your hidden core , and he just needs some jungle stacks . 
  i wrote the post he replied to , i did n't expect puppey to answer me in the first place , that went beyond my wildest dreams . 
  sorry , but what do you mean by doglia wine ? 
  you mean dolia from sardinia or dogliani from piemonte ? 
  because the first one is from my hometown and i 'd be really surprised of it being famous overseas !, 
  it 's actually my mother 's family hometown , so i 'm not exactly from there , but yeah , sardinian food and wine are something , 
  yeah , i never had the balls to try that !, 
  but many people told me that along with that strong red wine , the taste is amazing . 
  that 's a good point . 
  the word `` literally '' is being now listed in new dictionaries also as a synonym of `` figuratively '' , i shit you not , so , besides the fact that we now literally do n't have any word that means literally , he did n't misuse the word . 
  language is an evolving beast , baby . 
  and yes , it 's because everybody misused it that it acquired a new meaning . 
  yeah but you can see how the distinction is now a little fuzzy , since a word with a single and specific meaning is now ambivalent . 
  not only that , it 's now a synonym for the quality it intended to originally negate . 
  eh , i guess so , but to me it 's annoying . 
  what do i care though , it 's not even my language !, 
  literally a pointless discussion we 're into . 
  he often wins the lane , but he 's not the best hero to give farm to . 
  i think he does very well in the offlane if he can get levels though , then you can just be a pain , dive towers , make yourself and your teammates unkillable , before the enemy carries deal real damage . 
  if there 's gon na be a lot of teamfighting , his new aghs is really good . 
  in any other case , auras . 
  mek only if really needed , he has shit mana pool . 
  building him full carry may be fun , but it 's not worth it , any real carry will hand you your ass . 
  i always thought of lillard as the marlo of the nba . 
  swaggy p is more like ... 
  cheese . 
  it 's what kuroky did , the guy probably saw him . 
  not leveling q is n't good tho . 
  edit : i do n't know what you retarded kids are downvoting for , go watch kuroky 's jugg matches from a week ago or so . 
  well played . 
  that was fucking clever . 
  oh , right . 
  i got jeremy lin then . 
  i 'll never forget those fucking 2013 finals barrages of 3s ... 
  the same goes for dota2 players . 
  in the last event people were raging and actively abandoning games because they could n't fulfill contracts which could or could n't give them item drops . 
  i guess valve is really good at this . 
  and i 'm gon na bet he did n't answer `` this was n't god , it 's how seasons work '' . 
  probably some more bullshit about the love of omniscient beings instead of a constructive response . 
  makes me so sad . 
  i honestly do n't . 
  apart from this particular case , i see some people ( not a lot , granted ) getting lost in things so trivial that i genuinely wonder how can they ponder a decision so complex like who to vote and why . 
  but yeah , i totally agree it would n't be right nor it would be doable to discriminate anyone from voting . 
  you get democracy as it comes , i guess . 
  i 'm gon na miss those gallo + mozgov brovines . 
  wait , he is n't ? 
  he 's probably an arsenal fan and tries hard to balance that . 
  mostly , it 's still like this . 
  as a stack you will face stacks 90 % of the time . 
  as solo , you 'll be matched versus predominantly solos or more rarely 2/3-stacks . 
  all that whining about getting the solo queue back is unwarranted , imo . 
  that 's funny , it 's the only cs mode i like . 
  the other ones are too chaotic , i might as well play cod . 
  i 'm italian and i did n't understand a word .
