  that people choose to join because they love the show to death . 
  so what ? 
  fuck these whistles honestly, 
  gentile out is big . 
  i believe in marco and gallo . 
  i 'm too old for this shit, 
  they called like 3 fouls on bargnani for standing behind someone and inexistent moving screens on italy , i do n't think the refs hurt a side more than the other . 
  i never heard him before , he is great indeed . 
  goddamn fool , what is he thinking . 
  all this pressure . 
  if you want to see some beatiful nature , go to plitvice . 
  it 's magnificent . 
  for a night out , zrce beach in pag island is your best bet . 
  i 've been there twice and i never even visited pag town . 
  i feel a bit ashamed now . 
  also i 've visited hvar and it 's a beautiful island , even moreso the small islands around it . 
  the nightlife there is a bit more upscale , i did n't really enjoy it . 
  absolutely . 
  some great memories in that place . 
  and a lot cheaper than ibiza too ( 4 years ago , i do n't know about now ) . 
  and more shockingly hot eastern european girls . 
  lol those under-handed bankshots from the ft line . . what the fuck, 
  i 've always been doubious about gentile 's potential future in the nba , but he 's making a case for himself . 
  he could do well . 
  i seriously hope it 's nothing ... 
  he 's playing great, 
  italy is playing well , but i do n't think this isreal is at its best . 
  our defence is so lackluster , getting less than 40 points in 30 minutes against italy is . . bad . 
  looks like he 's gon na play against lithuania after all . 
  i hope he gets 30/20 and shuts everybody the fuck up . 
  he 's been amazing for italy up until this point . 
  i 'm sad . 
  this italian team was amazing to watch and root for , but in the end the lack of cohesiveness on the offensive front paid its dues . 
  we ca n't win tournaments with 1v1 plays . 
  i think pianigiani could have done a better job on many aspects . 
  fucking intense game . 
  props to lithuania , they deserved to win . 
  yeah , we have a ton of talent on the wings , but we 're lacking in the playmaker position . 
  cinciarini is nothing more than a decent role player . 
  and i honestly ca n't stand hackett . 
  the guy has heart , he tries and hustles , but man . . 
  why ca n't you believe it ? 
  i honestly thought italy was considered the underdog . 
  we had more talent , but we could n't quite translate it in good flowing offense for all of the tournament , that 's what always bugged me . 
  players played spectacularly from the first game to this one , but once you meet a team like lithuania , you can see how they played with each other better then us . 
  they fully deserved the win . 
  yeah . 
  i always felt that pianigiani 's rotations were quite random . 
  * i got the perfect steal *, 
  * a cleaner love *, 
  * with a dirty feel all right *, 
  yeah , i love this song to death . 
  i think this subreddit is way better though . 
  that one is as toxic as a ranked solo queue in dota2 , way more immature . 
  that 's when i play intoxicated , you do n't wan na have me in your team, 
  need a sand king sticker to go with it . 
  ok let 's not joke here where the fuck my patch notes at, 
  enough of this . 
  it 's not gon na happen and it would n't matter anyway . 
  boards of canada, 
  necrogna is badass, 
  tidez is gangsta, 
  very nice , and the voice is great, 
  it 's like this in cs : go as it is in dota2 . 
  people will shit on 80 % of whatever 's new just because , only to quietly shut up in the following weeks when they realize nobody unleashed the armageddon with a couple of small buffs . 
  now we want a story about the crazy northern hermits . 
  tobi casted ( and still does ) doter , not leaguer . 
  it does make a difference . 
  getting cheaters at dmg level ( at least for me ) is very rare , i think it was way worse before overwatch . 
  do n't listen to these nerds . 
  it was all decided . 
  there are public personalities who are jealous of their private lives , singsing may still be one of them , beside the clown we all love and praise . 
  this kind of thing may not help convincing him to interact more with the community ( read : stream ) , but good luck explaining this shit to the retarded dota2 community . 
  sometime i wonder how people are so good at cs : go , this makes me genuinely ask myself what it takes to be this bad . 
  why change it though ? 
  nobody complained about how it was before . 
  i do n't see why this is being downvoted . 
  the decrease in quality is just an indicator that they can afford to put less effort into it to pimp the numbers , since people will just throw money at them for the new stuff regardless of how good it is . 
  i 've always bought good compendiums , but fuck this one . 
  if you do n't like it , it 's your own fault for buying it blindly . 
  every smart consumer selects carefully his products . 
  it 's my fucking money after all . 
  he may not be a top tier player , but he 's surely a better one than those in his last teams . 
  i ca n't tell if he wanted to drop the stones semi-reference or i 'm reading into it . 
  he does speak fluently , he just does n't hide his accent , which is the most difficult thing to do when you learn a language . 
  i do n't mind it personally . 
  people like synderen who sound like they 're native speakers are a rarity . 
  italian stadiums gather the worst scum you can find in each city . 
  it 's one of the reasons serie a seats are always half empty . 
  i think peru is actually one of the safest south american countries . 
  guys , the only way of pressuring valve into giving up this stupid system is to * stop buying shit * . 
  if they make money off it , nothing else matters . 
  not even reddit threads , believe it or not . 
  you described perfectly what happened with me and leshrac :(, 
  you 're cute . . 
  it 's incredibily depressing , is n't it ? 
  fucking twitch brainwashed people so hard they do n't get a joke this obvious unless you write kappa , which defeats the purpose of irony itself . 
  read a book or something to keep your fucking intelligence alive , / r/dota2 . 
  this shit hurts me hard . 
  rofl you dont either got the joke,
