  true , so fun to play but crazy high skill ceiling . 
  i 'm a mediocre storm player , but i make a point to not die and get my orchid asap before 20 minutes . 
  if you snowball and manage to get ahead just a bit , you can fuck up your zips much more . 
  yeah something like the caustic finale effect would be totally fine . 
  just on death by non-hero damage , like towers . 
  i 'm not sure about neutrals and creeps . 
  this is honestly not fun , one team has to work hard to have a 10 % chance of winning and the other one can sit back and win by default . 
  you made me laugh so hard , yours should be the top comment . 
  / r/dota2 farm some irony for fuck 's sake . 
  and they have a plan . 
  aaah , the good ol' mindless linken 's rush of underfarmed morphlings/dusas/weavers . 
  i do n't question the reasoning , but the premise that every player thinks he 's dendi is a little extreme , that 's probably a delusional minority . 
  i do n't blame you , the game is awesome but it brings the worst out of people . 
  i just mute everyone at the first sign of assholery . 
  if you 're facing the classic pub dual lane safelane and you 're solo , you can do very well with wr offlane . 
  mushi plays her mid once in a while . 
  unfortunately many people believe that picking pudge/invoker automatically gives em the right to go mid . 
  i think the popularity of the sport in the us just allow the nba to fish from a wider pool of talent . 
  and for the same reason , the fact that there is much more money in it , the players have better ways to improve physically . 
  but european basketball is totally different and i think it has very much to teach to nba basketball ( and , of course , viceversa ; nba is obviously overall on another level , the 76ers would give a very hard time to the top euro teams [ though i think they would n't have it as easy as one would think ] ) . 
  relax , you 're doing fine, 
  honestly it 's silly how many times i 've seen pro players miss a kill after level 16 because they refused to get even 1 value point in net . 
  eternalenvy especially . 
  i think he does take it now , in fact . 
  yeah i would n't trust the judgement of anyone that tells me twd is a good show . 
  it 's honestly a random mess of deplorable acting , convenient events and cringeful dialogues . 
  so many good shows out there people , do n't waste time on this one because zombies . 
  it 's the ultimate bullshit spell . 
  if faceless void did n't exist and were to be added to he game tomorrow , reddit would be screaming and bitching for some kind of nerf . 
  if you start by saying that naix is a passive early game hero it 's clear you do n't have a clue . 
  abaddon wrecks midgame fights , do n't listen to people who claim he 's just a purge-bitch . 
  there is a reason he has that winrate in pubs . 
  at level 9 , with a 4-4-0-1 build , he 's at his peak . 
  abaddon totally turns fights . 
  his q and w are so spammable he can keep teammates alive much longer than the enemy can fuck them up . 
  of course they fall off later and aphotic shield keeps his main importance as a purge , but midgame ? 
  the sustain it provides is effectively insane . 
  your enemy has to eat through 200 more hps ( + coils ) , which is no joke at 15 minutes , and take the burst to his face . 
  that 's a 400 hp swing which few heroes can effectively face without having to get the fuck out at 15 minutes . 
  also , you can sustain pushes very effectively in push lineups by tanking towers with ulti and shield ( and killing creepwaves at the same time with it ) . 
  truth is , until 20-25 minutes you can play very aggressive with abaddon and get away with it . 
  there 's a reason he 's my go-to support for mmr-bosting . 
  build him with auras and you 'll keep your relevance much later in the game . 
  it 's true , you can find the tryhards that smoke and ward the jungle prehorn as much as those who ask safelane with bh and rush battlefury . 
  flawless . 
  try picking ogre vs. pudge . 
  easiest lane of your fucking life . 
  built bloodstone and vanguard on every hero . 
  s&y if i needed damage . 
  invariably . 
  got ta get those hps . 
  i think qojqva on top form is by far the best player on tt ... but he has been far from top form lately . 
  circlejerk ? 
  getting in the us is a pain the ass , come on . 
  i can also understand the causes , but it 's undeniable . 
  no reason to feel offended . 
  exactly because everyone wants to come there the rules to get in are stricter . 
  not `` most '' countries are as a pain as the us if you want to travel , but very few . 
  why you guys get all itchy about this , lol . 
  and the original post was being called circlejerk , rofl . 
  at least we in yurop have shengen and erasmus and can go bang foreign chicks with just a handy id card . 
  the second funniest !, 
  you 're clearly a fop man . 
  the coen are so good they can make the funniest movies and still make amazing but totally different things like no country for old men , which is probably my favorite flick ever . 
  well if you have to cast shadow wave the heal will most likely cover the soul ring hp cost, 
   whenever i see a bane , es , omni , even dazzle who rush this item , i always think that they suspect to have the easiest laning stage ever , because that 's expensive shit for somebody who sees 1 last hit for minute at best for the first 10 minutes . 
  people do n't really think about that stuff . 
  when i ask for please , a couple of wards , 20 minutes in , most of the time the answer is, 
  |  need 3942 for aghanim 's scepter, 
  i do n't think abaddon has that meh of a mid-game . 
  if you go 4-4-0-1 you can just spam your skills and completely turn fights by keeping your mates alive . 
  yeah no doubts , repel at level 7 is so broken it 's not even funny . 
  i agree . 
  he has shit mana pool and ca n't effectively carry it with the mana cost increase . 
  you have to get arcanes on him which is less than ideal . 
  abaddon is an amazing defensive support but a really bad mek carrier . 
  yeah , honestly he can has all the reasons in the world , but he 's always the first in line to bitch and moan in this childish manners . 
  good drafter , but arrogant fuck nonetheless . 
  the fact that sonic wave has a 135 seconds cooldown and a bullshit-gamebreaking spell like chronosphere has 80 seconds is honestly ... 
  i do n't even know . 
  it 's not right volvo , give qop of pain some love . 
  what i find more effective is get a fast orchid and snowball in that window when her spells really matter , then build into hex if needed or straight into skadi/deso-mjollnir-mkb . 
  yeah i see your point , i 'm often tempted to go aghs because the cooldown is so fucking annoying , but i think that is realistically better to work earlier on your right clicks to ensure your relevance later in the game . 
  i love skadi because it makes you tanky as fuck , and with that + q nobody is escaping your devil 's sexy ass . 
  yeah , probably , truth is i 've never witnessed a period in which qop was relevant in my dota experience !, 
  i do n't think that 's the problem , qop farms as fast as storm . 
  you have a blink and a nuke for every creepwave/camp , so it 's not really that different . 
  she 's a good splitpusher too for that reason . 
  the problem is that storm keeps his relevance later in the game because his nukes are way more spammable , he has lockdown and his mobility grows exponentially the later the game goes . 
  qop 's nukes just fall off and so does she . 
  about orchid , yeah , it does n't make qop tankier , but it 's the best way to snowball and that 's what she has to do . 
  and , she has a blink , so it 's not a big deal in my opinion . 
  exactly , that 's totally reliable and you can do shenanigans with vision on invis units and whatnot . 
  for a little more damage qop has longer cooldown , limited aoe and it can be botched easily . 
  in my opinion , to be honest , it should something like black hole ... ok , maybe a bit less , but 80 is just bullshit . 
  ( you do n't even have to channel that shit though , and it 's a hard disable ), 
  i fucking hate void and i feel so dirty when i play him . 
  he 's just so filthy ... 
  let it go , some people are comfortable in their shell of ignorance and do n't care about distinguishing ethnicities . 
  you could make his head explode if you mention cultural diversity .
