  stop having to blame it on something if you lose games . 
  i 'm saying this seriously , never play this game , it 's bad for your life . 
  that was unbelievable, 
  no , because the more armor you have , the less ehp any additional armor point gives you . 
  so , using merlini 's formula ehp = hpx ( 1 +0.06 x armor ) , if you start from 1000 hp and 10 armor , you 'll have :, 
  1000 hp and 14 armor = 1000x1 .84 = 1840 ehp, 
  1250 and 10 armor = 1250x1 .60 = 2000 ehp, 
  the threshold in which naked chainmail is still better versus physical damage is somewhere in between 0 and 10 starting armor ( but i 'm too lazy to calculate it ) . 
  i 'm so afraid that spirit breaker is gon na be the new thing . 
  that hero is a pain , he just does n't fucking die and he has a fuckton way to stay constantly on your ass . 
  fuck playing against spirit breaker , i know there are ways to counter him but he 's just so annoying . 
  yes . 
  you are right . 
  now i 'm not sure of anything anymore . 
  i should n't read these posts drunk . 
  god , this . 
  i hope od will never ever get to be popular again . 
  laning against that shit is just irritating . 
  fair enough , but in my opinion od is just another level of irritating . 
  you can avoid getting psi bladed 'd , you ca n't avoid getting astral 'd . 
  even lina , razor and qop are fucking annoying to mid against , od is just the annoy master . 
  his w is honestly retarded . 
  hope you can see the difference . 
  btw , as usual , nice to see the maturity of this sub in downvoting en masse an opinion . 
  what ? 
  you could try to articolate your thoughts a little bit better before posting them . 
  ahah , got me . . yeah my first language got in the way there . 
  but you know , writing out of your ass is a whole different thing . 
  it 's not obvious at all , unless you speak his language , lol . 
  not my first language , but i 'm pretty sure i know it better than most english speaking people , fella , 
  i dont think that 's true . 
  you have to be really clutch with your spells , and early to midgame you can be really aggressive with your shield . 
  plus the mist coil kill & suicide in tense fights is sooo satisfying . 
  omni is way more boring . 
  it can be genuinely hard to deal with a thing that runs at you at 500 ms , stops you in your tracks at his first hit , is tanky as fuck and even if he is n't , ca n't be killed the first time you eat through all of his hps . 
  ah , you 're so cute . 
  nobody said it 's legit and shits on troll , i said it 's fucking annoying . 
  the halberd . 
  lol . 
  remember that it 's just a game , do n't take a number too seriously . 
  in the end you should n't play the game at all if it makes you feel bad in any way , the whole point is to have fun . 
  but seriously , panic attacks for a + / -25 and for maybe causing 4 angry nerds to throw a fit ? 
  it 's not worth it . 
  take it easy . 
  fuck your roomate , shit in his closet . 
  i may be in the minority but i never used any guide . 
  from the start i wanted to understand how and why to build the hero , it 's all training . 
  i fucked up countless times but now i think that itemization and skillbuilds are real strong points of my game . 
  got ta be flexible . 
  i completely agree . 
  that kind of decision making is considered terrible even in 3k ranked matches . 
  tinker must have some internal issues , i ca n't believe they were all onboard with not even trying to siege c9 's base . 
  i agree . 
  linken 's is a situational pickup on dusa , there are many items which are way better as your first big purchase . 
  it makes my blood boil to see my medusas mindlessly rush linkens , finishing it at 30 minutes and losing the game . 
  i like treads-aquila or drums-yasha-skadi as my standard build . 
  if i have a decent time in lane i have them at 20 , top 25 minutes . 
  he 's an unkillable fuck with global presence and disables through bkb . 
  he 'll be first p/b for some time to come . 
  yeah , but he 's been buffed every patch since quite a bit of time , he 's been annoying in pubs for a while , now the pros are realizing how strong he can be . 
  his charge 's cd is a little bit ridiculous right now . 
  yeah , maelstrom is very legit , but i have a stats fetish . 
  plus manta is oftentime useful . 
  except for that mom activation to run away from assassinate :d, 
  i 've been playing him core for a lot of time , the great thing about him is that besides being very strong , people do n't often play against him and often do n't even know what he does . 
  hope that 's not changing anytime soon !, 
  i do n't know , he was already pretty far and sniper had already cast assassinate , so without the 30 % dmg amp he would have probably survived , it was pretty close . 
  edit : you guys can downvote me , but assassinate does n't normally net you a kill if the target has 550 hp , so that 's the mom 's effect . 
   31.45 of the game timer , go check . 
  i think that at 226 games you just really need to focus on improving your game , and frankly speaking i think unranked matches are a better place for that , less pressure and less toxic teammates spouting bullshit at the first tiny mistake . 
  i do n't know for sure , but i do n't think so . 
  i hope you 're not one of those people that rages and insults me from minute 1 when i go mid with her and proceed to carry those fucks . 
  the hardest part for naga is getting the radiance on a decent timing . 
  if the team helps her do that , the game gets really easy . 
  once you have your bloodstone it takes you approximately 3 minutes to farm a blink , and trust me , it 's worth it . 
  the build i 'm going these days is bloodstone -  eul 's ( for the utility , movespeed , guaranteed infinite mana ) -  blink . 
  travels/aghs/shiva to follow . 
  that 's ok then . 
  tbh i understand people that do n't want naga on any team in their dota matches , she makes games ... different . 
  shrapnel wo n't be touched , icefrog will nerf the passives and/or the ulti . 
  it 's fine as it is . 
  void 's skillset is so fucking good ( in my opinion the best in the game ) he 'll never be completelely weak . 
  i would not be surprised of this . 
  admit that you kept f5ing the page just to take the screenshot with exactly 322 votes . 
  dude, 
  how do i doto, 
  as a timber lover i 'm excited as fuck . 
  timber farms amazingly well , if you manage to snowball after the laning stage with a sub-20 minute bloodstone i do n't see picking up this item in the midgame a remote endeavor . 
  bloodstone into octarine into aghs with a blink somewhere in between . 
  dude . 
  dude . 
  octarine on sk as first luxury item is now a no-brainer . 
  can burrowstrike way more in teamfights , and i occasionally got his aghs mainly for the cd reduction ... now this item is way better . 
  plus arcanes are buffed , jungling from level 1 the medium camps is now always possible ... nice . 
  active quills with the lower cd in a regular teamfight lasting 10-15 seconds will be the same shit . 
  they are gon na be ridicolous in general . 
  with good timing and a good invis/blink initiation you can 2/3/4 / 5 man gank every hero on the map ,, 
  the problem with huskar is finishing him off if your team lack in physical damage ( as his magic res gets higher when his hps get lower ) . 
  you have a bigass pure damage nuke to shred whatever hps has left and a passive that makes you into a fucking ak47 of right clicks . 
  of course you fucking run if it 's 1v1 and he 's more farmed than you .
