  plus , grow up . 
  i got a ranked the other day in which we were winning pretty comfortably ( 6-0 towers 15 minutes in ) . 
  our shadow shaman decided he did n't like our carry and proceeded to feed the other team 20 times . 
  yeah , we lost . 
  at least he got 9 reports instead of commendations ( is that es serious ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  that situation was like the opposite of this game . 
  are you sure ? 
  that sounds weird to me . . 
  for me , the pants-shitting is mutual . 
  if a rematch happens , it 's gon na be so fucking tense , damn . 
  it 's true that the spurs are playing better . 
  but lebron has another year of experience on his back . 
  it 's gon na be so fucking tough . 
  i do . 
  i take funny ones . 
  honestly skadi drow was questionable , but as misplays go , he played really bad with faceless void in my opinion . 
  probably was tired after all those games and under pressure for losing 2 straight games , so i would n't bash on him too much . 
  still vp made a hell of a run so props to them . 
  fucking witch doctor heals like hell !, 
  i should have listened to my gut , but went with the safe choice dazzle . 
  dat make a big mess . 
  the concept seems simple : your carries love to feed enemies ? 
  do n't let them . 
  i can only tell you that since i play unranked i have way more fun . 
  people being generally more chilled ( obviously , not always . 
  just slightly ) helps a lot . 
  some people just do n't want to understand the game . 
  well , truth be said if you 're talking about rtz he almost never skips blink so i do think he considers it core . 
  [ not even kidding ] ( http://imgur.com/xskn7hh ), 
  as ta , you 're better off farming . 
  but if you have something like phase boots and catch a haste rune , with a +1 you can do serious damage to trilanes even . 
  it was some time ago so i do n't really remember , but i can swear that he said that in that exact moment !, 
  geography is not your strong suit , bud . 
  believe it or not , many people are influenced by how teammates behave . 
  of course playing well is key , but more often than good behaviour/teamwork means good play . 
  exactly . 
  life ai n't breaking bad , people . 
  the guy is great . 
  great shooter , immense energy and hustle . 
  i hope he stays with the spurs . 
  blink/meld someone and see their hp bar instantly drop to 1/3, 
  is that a thing ? 
  nice . 
  that wo n't cover anyway `` do n't skill glaives/cleave '' and `` turn off the goddamn basilius '' . 
  there are subreddits that are far , far worse . 
  people will always downvote for more or less no reason , but i find r/nba to be pretty damn reasonable in the end . 
  indeed he 's playing 1vs5 right now . 
  patty i fucking love you, 
  he 's annoying as fuck . 
  max that shield , get that ulti and go divin ' . 
  may i remind that we still have n't won ? 
  i mean yeah it 's pretty much downhill ... 
  that is so unfortunate , my best to era . 
  lol , that 's exactly what i thought reading the original post . 
  saying alliance of all teams has a low hero pool ... from a fan of eg which has the most predictable and monotone drafts in the scene . 
  alliance exploited the hole in eg 's draft : all their heroes , particularly tinker , hate to have to get bkb . 
  and alliance forced them to . 
  and the execution of the lineup was flawless . 
  that 's some good dota . 
  it 's like saying the spurs are boring cause they facerolled twice lebron in his home . 
  hell no , they play great and it 's a gift to watch them . 
  nice try pelicans front office, 
  til : the match was n't tense just from the point of view of a drunk italian supporter . 
  if people pick all those heroes with no regards for teammates pick , they want mid . 
  they wo n't care about proper lanes . 
  i think you got to work on your statistic skills , dude, 
  it 's not like that at all , man , sorry . 
  i 'm not a statistician at all , but if one reads this , he 's gon na get very depressed . 
  with pure randomness , on millions of packs , it would be an anomaly of epic proportions , dividebyzero-like shit . 
  but as you say there 's no pure randomness here , so that would be different . 
  i thought about this when i randomed windrunner 5 times straight . 
  some people are just miserable , and try to cope by making other people feel miserable . 
  this is obviously on a very small scale , but the bottom line is : yes , there are poor frustrated pricks in the world . 
  and we have a lot of them in this community . 
  yeaahh ... cappuccino is italian . 
  we 're just havin a giggle m8, 
  nor french . 
  yeeaahh . . that makes no sense . 
  it 's just that americans do n't care enough to distinguish between neighbour european countries . 
  so downvote me and move on if these stereotypes are comfortable to you all . 
  just do n't say to an italian that something italian is french . 
  he 's gon na smack you hard . 
  why is diaw working a camera on the back ? 
  well , that was fundamentally sound . 
  it 's his accent . 
  he just speaks a different variety of english . 
  that 's really the point , to be honest . 
  i do n't understand all the `` he has to '' `` he ca n't decline '' . 
  if he wants to try and win again , he will choose the spurs . 
  if he wants to earn more , he will sign for probably a smaller team . 
  there 's no shame in either of those things , it 's up to him . 
  i 'm going to san siro tonight . 
  italy world cup match + pearl jam , i ca n't wait . 
  both lanes . 
  and not allow opposing mid to hit the tower . 
  he is , and it 's probably the smart thing . 
  no point in making plans at his age , just see how your body holds up . 
  the ref was a dumb fuck , ok . 
  pretty much everything that could go wrong went wrong , granted .
