  american dummies . 
  let 's say a couple of dozens of tiers . 
  honestly twd may be entertaining for some people but its writing is borderline trash at times . 
  and many more problems . 
  the first half of the first season is indeed hard to get through , because you really have to understand how the whole show works ; it 's not immediate , and it 's nothing like anything else i 've ( personally ) ever watched . 
  house of cards does n't even come close . 
  it really wants to be as smart as the wire , but it 's twice as self-indulgent and not even half as good . 
  and sorry , but kevin spacey talking to the camera does n't compensate for that . 
  it 's kind of different in its tone , but i really really liked it anyway . 
  the characters are as deep and interesting as the ones from the wire . 
  the story in itself is not as compelling ( and it probably does n't want to be ) , but it 's still a helluva good show . 
  and it has great music . 
  you could put some spoiler tags . 
  maybe someone who 's reading wants to start watching the show . 
  you wo n't regret it , man . 
  almost everyone i know who watched the wire did n't get into it until at least the 5th , 6th episode . 
  and i do n't know anybody who did n't become a huge fan afterwards . 
  how can you not worship nash ? 
  everytime i cry of laughter at this one . 
   smfc, 
   lol, 
  seriously , the top voted comment here is a preventive kneejerk reaction ? 
  to shit that nobody in their right mind would say anyway ? 
  yes , i am shitposting , downvote me to hell , this subreddit userbase is fucking terrible for fuck 's sake . 
  yep , i had to say it once , i 'll let y' all roll in your own shit now . 
  i guess you think the top comment is extremely good content . 
  no shit sherlock, 
  neal is the purest kind of shooter , some nights he can hit every ball he touches from wherever on the court . 
  and that 's it . 
  that 's his game . 
  i would also like an option to untick the option during the pick phase . 
  i sometime forget to check it during the loading screen . 
  you 're a weird guy, 
  and he is the reigning champion . 
  i hope he fucks over everybody else again . 
  it would be a regular spurs storyline . 
  the thing is that greevil 's greed is so insane right now , that if you put him in a defensive trilane and protect him as hard as you can securing him free farm , he is gon na have abyssal/ac at 20 minutes . 
  so yeah , as pure matchups goes he sucks in the current meta , but i think his passive can be exploited with the right setup to run over everyone by midgame . 
  so yes , you will have a hard time trying to playing carry alch in pub . 
  / r/dota2 is way ( way ) worse than this sub and it 's not listed , because yeah , the metric is not good . 
  volvo please , the client of dota is hella fine , this looks amazing , but was it really necessary ? 
  you guys could fix up the horrible cs : go client instead . 
  i ca n't wait for all the maidens asking mid and rushing shadowblade/aghs, 
  volvo should seriously take a look at the cs : go client . 
  the dota2 client is already way better , and they are already in the process of reworking it graphically !, 
  but cs needs some serious love too . 
  it has so many of these little things which can be improved . 
  guys i have to study , so i 'm not playing , but if i wanted to play a regular game of doto tonight , could i ? 
  or is this event so invasive that i 'd have to deal with year beasts either way ? 
  okay , thanks , the way some people talked about it , it seemed the other way , which was weird . 
  yeah i do n't understand either . 
  the event is a plus . 
  does it suck ? 
  do n't play it . 
  did you spend money on it before knowing how it worked and now you complain it sucks ? 
  well , you 're an idiot . 
  ah , is it that way ? 
  i 'm not playing currently . 
  if that 's the way it is , ok , it 's bad . 
  there are flavor of the months , but if a hero gets more games played then pudge , you have to think it 's somewhat broken . 
  the agi nerf was well deserved , since his ult is a serious way to fuck people up without even right click . 
  people pick pudge for other reasons . 
  he has a skillshot , dendi 's signature hero , high skill cap ecc . 
  jugg is certainly a fun hero and i 'll keep playing him ( also i think he 's still very good ) , but his rise in popularity was due to pro realising how fucking good he actually was after all the buffs , and the people following the competitive scene . 
  being able to get all those points in stats along with the great agi gain was a tad bit too much . 
  it 's clear that this guy does n't put any thought in his skill builds and does n't care about his team/opposite team composition , the way the game is going , ecc . 
  daedalus and blademail on everyone is just mindless . 
  if you want to play seriously , do n't imitate this player . 
  he probably wins just by mechanical skills alone , which i hope he has acquired in 3k games , but he 's evidently not a smart player . 
  no more internets for today folks , this guy won them all . 
  sick lich plays just turn games around, 
  i think that as of now it 's at the very least a legitimate question, 
  i love morphling , but if i even go 15-0 with eth manta butterfly at 15 minutes , i will nevertheless lose . 
  that 's beside the point as in it was an hyperbole , but i build skadi anyway whenever i can so you 're preaching to the choir . 
  i build it on heroes like juggy and ta too so i get ya . 
  it depends on the match , sometime you just badly need a deso . 
  skadi is overall a better item . 
  that 's actually bullshit . 
  a couple of dumb rune wards from 0 to 50 minutes are still better than being in the fucking dark all game ( we are lucky that one of them incidentally covers rosh ) . 
  plus , by buying wards more often , people might actually get an idea of where and when to place them . 
  when i play support , it 's rare that i get mad at my carries . 
  hey , not everybody is burning , but i know what i get with the medium pub carry . 
  but when the other support . 
  when he places a fucking ward which covers for 3/4 the ward i just placed . 
  1 . minute . 
  ago . 
  just because he 's used to place it there . 
  why . 
  why . 
  why . 
  he is , after all , a right proper basher . 
  he 's not, 
  i do n't know , he always removed uams of heroes which were in a bad spot competitively ( clinkz , ursa . . and it did n't even help them much ) . 
  am is not a top tier pick but he 's in the same spot as always , a situational pick which in the right situation can break games open . 
  he does n't reallly need a buff imo . 
  i dunno , with some points in desolate you can clean up good fights by finishing off supports even when you 're at creep stage in lane . 
  but yes , you need a team which can fight early and make some space , but it 's the same way with naga and dusa . 
  i do n't think that buffing radiance would help , since the problem is getting the radiance to spectre in the first place . 
  it probably would , but i do n't see icefrog touching the uam of a hero who seems balanced in the first place , could be wrong tho . 
  bristle can just start diving a jugg after some minutes and spam quills , and all jugg can do is spin away the slow , for 5 seconds .
