  people will never facilitate your farm and will give you shit for not fighting . 
  or for fighting unfarmed anyway . 
  no yeah , i play support like 60 % of the time and i try and facilitate carry and mids as much as possible . 
  but i ca n't say that i see many other supports supporting . 
  we are a minority :(, 
  an italian mother will die before someone even thinks she is not the best fucking host ever seen south of the alps . 
  source : have an italian mother . 
  american beauty is good , but man , live/dead by the grateful dead is amaaaazing . 
  this is a cool genre to get high to , if i can throw to stoner metal lovers an advice , i like how i learned to stop worrying and love the bong by a band called king bong is great . 
  holy fucking shit , this game man, 
  do n't let them ward your jungle , you 'll be fine . 
  euw , everybody dc ` ed , managed to relog for 5 seconds and it was 2 of us . 
  then dc ` ed again and was safe to leave . 
  i kind of agree . 
  people will always talk shit for a variety of random and injustified reason , if you 're in the spotlight you ca n't let all affect you . 
  it 's a mindset . 
  it 's sad thinking about what tb is going through , tho . 
  sorry , there will be no better pf until duncan retires . 
  call me an homer as much as you want , he 's still an elite defender , and is able to put up big numbers when it matters . 
  he 's * in the discussion * as the better pf of all time and griffin is not better than him just because he 's so old . 
  that 's what i said . 
  it 's not legacy . 
  he 's still the best pf even if he does n't jump at all . 
  are we even comparing the defense impact of the current duncan to a griffin ? 
  it 's still not even close . 
  listen , i did n't imply anything except what i specifically said . 
  of course the legacy is there , but in my opinion duncan is still the best by a mile . 
  at least he showed last year that he can ball in the playoffs . 
  throws . 
  i agree , from a certain point it was straight - but slow - murder . 
  not that fun . 
  certainly liquid played it well and na'vi , not that well . 
  the speed vs fnatic with tony vs am was a lot closer and more entertaining , so no , not best game of 2014 for me either . 
  yeah dude deafening blast is real good, 
  everytime a pl illusion pops , drink . 
   europe, 
   ** south africa **, 
  volvo what, 
  a witch doctor gave me shit because i wanted to play elder titan solo off , constantly asking why was i not playing like tank . 
  dude , what the fuck does that even mean . 
  also got called a stupid noob because i asked him , well , what a * tank * should do in a dota 2 game . 
  `` let 's go , now i can fight '', 
  faceless void with boots and brand-new battlefury 25 minutes in, 
  and passive true sight on nearest enemy in the map . 
  approved . 
  i 'm one of the people who instalock the captain because i consider myself a good drafter and this way i avoid getting these kind of idiot captains . 
  i always ask what people feel comfortable play and do n't mind playing any roles . 
  what really piss me off is people who do n't say shit about their preferences and complain about the draft afterwards . 
  but drafting the way this tweak character did is just detrimental to the game . 
  edit : please if you are downvoting me tell me what you do n't like about the way i treat cm and cd , otherwise keep your retarded captains who draft 5 carries and do n't listen to anyone . 
  shaq , did you let the dogs out ? 
  mogwai best band ever . 
  come on die young is one of my favorite albums ever , but they 're all so different and fucking good . 
  check out the sky moves sideways by porcupine tree . 
  it 's basically space rock a la wish you were here . 
  they got less and less psychedelic with time , but stupid dream and signify are still on that psychedelic line . 
  it 's overall a prog band ( and a great one imo ) , but tsms is basically the work of a pink floyd cover band . 
  i felt like that when from the high ground of the dire forest as vs , i swapped an ally in the river which had like 20 hp and was having his face eaten by pudge , killing him and a support and saving the ally . 
  come at me motherfuckers . 
  yesterday wd has been picked 3 straight times in the c9 - pr series !, 
  it 's likely that the captain 's draft tournament has had an influence on that . 
  it 's true . 
  some uncommon choices that work out sometime just break the meta . 
  i would n't be surprised to see more centaur picks in the next days . 
  thing is , every hero is situationally viable . 
  the main thing is reading the game and understand when a niche pick could break the game , but obviously most teams go more often then not for the safe choices . 
  i feel you . 
  people do n't really think critically about that . 
  but there are always worse things , like those screenshots of the guy warding his own jungle ` because pros do it ' :d, 
  bfury and you 're ready to go rip a new asshole to that abaddon with heart , basic dota . 
  i 'm at 800 , i could know a little more than you but overall . . not that much . 
  itt : people talking random shit about reddit on reddit . 
  and the majority of the artwork and pics on / r/dota2 is original content . 
  yeah man , getting nyx and raping those profits over and over nourishes the soul . 
  every opinion you do n't agree on can be blamed on the * hivemind * , did n't you know ? 
  to be fair predicting lanes in the trench is somewhat impossible . 
  if there is an invoker there 's a chance he could go offlane because that slardar `` called mid first '' , while crystal maiden and treant go safelane and lifestealer , of course , * jungles * . 
  templar assassin . 
  i love getting early kills on cocky opposing mids , dominating rune control and getting a < 15 min deso to stomp the map . 
  vengeful spirit . 
  my favorite support , reliable stun , great initiation potential , nice aura . 
  i used to play this often when i got started with dota , in my total noobness i had already figured out his brokenness :d, 
  yes , and it 's fun and totally viable to have more attack speed with a treads/drums/yasha build ( gives also more survivability ) , but i always felt like the point of the hero is to burst out as much damage as possible . 
  with deso/phase boots under 20 min you just 2-shot the squishier supports . 
  from that i like to go to blink and then if i manage to get filthy rich i just get butterfly to shoot barrages . 
  abaddon is the ultimate `` i do n't give a single fuck '' hero . 
  the other day i had a base race in which at a certain point my 4 teammates stopped hitting the ancient with like 150 hp remaining to chase in the fountain a couple of desperate enemies . 
  the other 3 were really hitting our ancient . 
  we lost . 
  when you just get the first point in orb , you can just go imprisonment orb orb ulti and you have , 4 times out of 5 , killed the opponent . 
  it 's just a build that allows you to come online earlier and be a menace . 
  it 's happened to me too , losing 300 mmr in a row . 
  stop playing for a few days and come back with a fresh mind , you 'll slowly climb back up . 
  fuck the people who say that a lose streak is all on you btw , when you play support sometime you do all you can and your carries just ca n't deliver for shit . 
  then you get in a bad mindset , your game gets worse , it 's a vicious cycle . 
  i was laughing so hard it was giving me a seizure , watching this goofy ogre magi strolling around and just trolling poor enigma with his club, 
  this is the point that many people miss . 
  it 's obvious that a 5600 playing high-impact heroes utterly stomps people in the 2-3k bracket . 
  that 's not elo hell , that 's a gigantic gap of skill . 
  elo hell will be proven if he gets stuck around 4800 or something .
