  probably the twentieth tho . 
  you just hit a loss streak and it 's normal to feel discouraged . 
  as someone said , take a break !, 
  it 's good for you , focus on something else and come back in a couple days more focused and with the will of crush someone at dota . 
  but playing compulsively does n't do you any good as a player and as a person . 
  you 'll just get nervous . 
  just remember to stay in the trees . 
  it 's funny that the top comment is exactly like this but with a different team and this one has been downvoted into oblivion, 
  now , - this is in my trench 3k tier - but i 'm finding out that abaddon is a pretty viable solo offlaner . 
  he 's so annoying with that shield , literrally taking no damage . 
  plus if the supports get too cocky in harassing you they end up badly . 
  this game was so fucking entertaining !, 
  and i just wanted to say that your stream is awesome and has the best fucking playlist in the scene . 
  glad you 're rocking pearl jam so much lately . 
  wow , 90 % wins with ta is astounding . 
  she is a risky pick , but this shows that in capable hands lanaya is just a death machine . 
  they stand out , but not everyone is like that . 
  i agree that there are many . 
  just move on and try not to feel sorry for them for not being able to enjoy a videogame . 
  i once lost because my whole team was fountain farming three enemies in a base race . 
  meaning the other 2 guys had began bashing on our throne and they won . 
  my teammates just did n't care . 
  got ta pad those stats . 
  i do n't understand how you got 54 downvotes . 
  what the fuck people , what is wrong with you ? 
  this man worked for all of us . 
  these kind of things usually leave me `` meh '' but this is amazing , grats !, 
  i know , but i always manage to get astonished . 
  enjoy do ... hey , listen , let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  lately they often do this . 
  draft some weird shit , lose a game , then proceed to a do a normal na'vi draft and crush . 
  word , it 's the casting combo which brought me to follow the competitive scene !, 
  could n't ask for more for grand finals . 
  the way i see it , somebody insisted to go on with the naga radiance . 
  which is a hero that wins games on his own , yeah , but late in the game , not if your lanes are totally fucked up and you ca n't get through the first 10 minutes ... 
  they wanted to go full greed but gave it away too soon , puppey crushed their plans . 
  they could have still played in a couple of different ways which would have been * a bit * better . . 
  all pick in my 3k bracket vaguely resembles dota . 
  it 's 90 % of the time a bunch of people picking carries and fighting for last hits . 
  i honestly ca n't play it , i got roughly 30 % win in all pick . 
  in captain 's mode or draft people are more cooperative and more often than not there 's some kind of strat and thinking going on . 
  i win way more often than i lose in those modes . 
  if you want an advice , instalock the captain . 
  listen to people and try to be cooperative regarding the heroes they want , but disregard the choices you know would work out horribly . 
  if you show to be reasonable the large majority of people wo n't give you shit or complain . 
  of course there are people who will always flame and/or call `` gg afk shit picks '' , but if you have a minimum of conscience in drafting you 'll probably be better than any random captain you can get . 
  that would be the most efficient way to win in all pick , but i do n't enjoy it . 
  as you can see by my flair i enjoy snowball heroes , but i prefer to play with a proper lineup . 
  today i drafted a pushing strat and we stomped in 25 minutes , and my team complimented me . 
  in ap it 's very annoying fighting for mid with the guy who last picks pudge . 
  very very curious to see eg vs ig . 
  na'vi stomping the loser bracket given at 1.10 . 
  the aoe combos and dark seer on the rise , it 's ti2 all over again !, 
  great stuff . 
  i think he is really underappreciated . 
  he is one of the top exort invokers in the world , so much consistent . 
  everytime i see empire playing with invoker i know they have an edge . 
  either this being arrogance of just a very poor underestimation of the player , an enormous mistake by eg . 
  dk is the team to beat at ti . 
  before starladder i thought empire was a ti4 contender , but now it just seems that everyone except dk is an underdog . 
  i 'd still take na'vi and alliance as the 2 teams that could outplay them in a bo5 tho . 
  baller as fuck *, 
  not really shitty . 
  riki 's passive is honestly a great damage steroid . 
  car accidents in vietnam are a plague , they provoke yearly an absurd number of deaths . 
  dying this way is not at all uncommon in that country . 
  very unfortunate . 
  i recently had a game when an enemy bh finished the game with 2 battlefuries and brown boots . 
  he had 40 last hits . 
  and fed like crazy . 
  now that i think of it , how the fuck did he get that gold ... 
  why the overlap of matches ? 
  it 's not like it 's a thousand games that have to be played, 
  `` guys i support , but pick another one plz '', 
  `` no , need tank '', 
  this is usually how it goes for me . 
  aaah , the ol' lion spamming  we need wards . 
  got ta rush that aghs . 
  did n't the cd tournament give us centaur ? 
  i 've seen him being picked from nil to always just after a match of that tournament in which he was drafted . 
  i feel like this subreddit has a particular problem with this . 
  interesting discussions often go over 50 % of downvotes and never get even the slight the chance to make it to the front page . 
  or get like 40 % downvotes and you can find them at the bottom . 
  i honestly do n't understand why . 
  i also read / nba often and feel like people downvote things which are just flatout stupid or insults , not everything . 
  no , all push mid is not a viable fucking strategy if all the enemies are alive and missing . 
  no , i 'm not coming , i 'll just clear out that creepwave which is destroying our t2 top and you , morphling , are ignoring , just like you ignore every goddamn creepwave to farm the jungle . 
  and please , stop pinging me because i was n't there with you guys getting teamwiped under their t2 . 
  sometime i hate this fucking game . 
  at least your offlane furions get a point in nature 's call before maxing everything else, 
  his first game was in high bracket and he was very high after 5 games ? 
  edit : what the fuck is up with the downvotes ? 
  i asked an honest question . 
  well could you explain it to me ? 
  or are you just an asshole and do n't know nothing ? 
  yeah , but 5 matches does n't seem like much to get someone to very high . 
  and in those five , he went ham in the 1 in normal bracket ( lol ) , lost 3 in the high bracket ( all with negative kda ) and won 1 in a 16-minute game in which an enemy abandoned after 10 last hits . 
  all the next matches are in very high . 
  that 's some weird ranking calculation if you ask me . 
  what you say is probably true .
