  well . . people buy all of those items . 
  utilizing them flawlessly is something else , so your reasoning still stands in my opinion , but people buy that shit . 
  hire this guy pls, 
  same , and i never buy anything . 
  he 's scoring like 5000 viewers now so it was probably worth it :d, 
  i think those guys accepted the sponsorship knowing what they were getting into . 
  they buffed his str pool an awful lot , now he 's actually not that squishy . 
  yeah , if you have a guaranteed freefarm lane and you can just get a very early radiance , naga is hands down the strongest hero in the 3k bracket . 
  people do n't see her very often and have absolutely no idea how to deal with her . 
  weakest fucking trashtalk thread i 've ever seen, 
  i 'd just set up my autoexec for the first time and i thought i fucked everything up . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty lazy . 
  some things like autoequipping a picked up a rifle screwed me over some times and the bigger radar is nice , so it was about time . 
  wait , does this need to be said ? 
  in my potato bracket you 'd get flamed hard for not doing this . 
  definitely this . 
  sometimes you just have to go for it . 
  can you expand on that ? 
  i really never gave it a chance , i like my mp7 too much . 
  i just got a couple 3ks in desperate forcebuys with the mp9 to tie a game . 
  can confirm good weapon . 
  thanks i guess . 
  oh no pixels are expensive what will we do, 
  my current italian 300kb/s adsl is the best i 've ever had in this wonderful country . 
  storm is , just like slark , broken as a hero concept . 
  either the frog makes these 2 heroes totally useless or they will always be strong as fuck . 
  i play support qop from time to time . 
  sick harass potential in lane , escape , mobility and her ult is always the same , so her teamfight power is still very high . 
  if you have other disablers , she 's a fine support . 
  this, 
  the community is total and utter shit in every kind of matchmaking unfortunately . 
  i 've been binge listening to this for over a month now . 
  this song is incredible . 
  italy is a weird place to live in . 
  i can totally understand some people getting that disillusioned about things . 
  i believe in the italian team , in 2013 they played their hearts out and this year the team is much better with the nba guys . 
  by qat you mean the shit men chew in places like yemen ? 
  it 's a north american thing to even believe that a term like `` european '' has some kind of meaning . 
  it 's no different than saying `` americans '' and thinking that people from brazil and usa are the same way . 
  he 's just a kid who knows nothing about the world . 
  this . 
  i can make people listen to me , but i really do n't want or need to be the center of attention , just leave me alone . 
  problem is , gallo ca n't always shoot 90 % and 15 free throws . 
  italy has to start defending and getting some rebounds . 
  bargnani is really awful in that department . 
  this was n't his game , but i know i can count on him to carry some heavy shit in this tournament . 
  i admire your ability of totally missing the point and failing to understand that we 're not talking about dota . 
  i do n't think being idolised by a community as immature and idiotic as this one helps him a lot in that regard , but he 's not a dumb guy , he 'll find his way . 
  nope . 
  you do n't deserve further answers since you 're making up shit . 
  just nope . 
  i do n't care , just do n't tell an italian he 's more or less a tanned swede or he 'll punch you . 
  lol . 
  this is hilarious . 
  i have to post more culture-related things on this sub . 
  on the opposite - i like rtz . 
  what i do n't like is arguing with very angry fanboys on the internet . 
  and i do n't want to brag about my experience with foreign cultures on a dota2 sub . 
  so ok , you can be right if you want mate . 
  the fact that we know your own language better than you guys should make you ponder . 
  except i do , there are many people everywhere who do n't know their own language . 
  synderen showed over and over how easy it is to know english better than your average sunsfan . 
  but i just wanted to create some murican butthurt which is even easier . 
  do i really have to . . 
  nevermind brother . 
  yes . 
  i started off as honestly non-hostile but this whole teenage anger i 've been facing for the original post has brought me back to more flammy internet years . 
  it 's just an amarcord moment for me . 
  i 've seen forum wars you people would n't believe . 
  i 'm italian and i loved eating in ireland . 
  i remember an amazing soup with veggies , onions and beer i think . 
  and greek food is way , way better than just `` safe to eat '' in my book . 
  this map is just a joke , but many italians i know indeed back down like pussies from every foreign dish which does n't resemble la pasta di mamma . 
  you eat amazingly well in croatia , but not as well as in greece . 
  sorry but i 'm skeptic about this . 
  real mozzarella makes all the difference . 
  consider me a pompous asshole about pizza if you want , but the best italian pizzas i tried are too far ahead of those i eaten over the world . 
  italian food is unhealthy ? 
  we have very few obese people compared to most european countries . 
  mediterranean diet is the healthy choice by definition . 
  that 's cute, 
  i could say firefly , but then i 'd curl up in fetal position and cry . 
  edit : wow , you guys do n't like firefly . 
  heartless bastards . 
  yeah , sure , even freedom mozzarella is better than the original . 
  come on man . 
  i made aussies believe i was british by faking the accent . . and i 'm from south europe . 
  so i do n't think i need your validation . 
  i can explain it to you in 3 more languages if you want . 
  what the fuck would / r/dota2 know about maturity anyway . 
  i think you 've embarassed yourself enough . 
  have a good day !, 
  it 's pretty safe to say that you will enjoy it anyway . 
  i thought homeland s1 was boring as fuck with incoeherent and less than believable characters , really questionable plot points and a `` i-really-want-to-be-shocking-but-tbh-i 'm - so-underwhelming '' finale . 
  but hey , that 's just me . 
  white stains on my screen, 
  he played great despite the jumpshot not really there, 
  i 'm gon na miss him so much on the spurs . 
  tonight him and gallo were just outworldly . 
  it 's good to be able to root for him at least on my national team < 3,
