  mag is easily one of my favorite bat players , so good on that hero . 
  mid is the best position because at 6 , especially with the changes to multicast , you just kill everybody and snowball . 
  i more often than not get a midas to speed up item progression , since early game you do n't really need items to nuke people to death . 
  but people in cm never trust me :(, 
  fuck , so much this . 
  yesterday i had a team which would n't fight . 
  we conceded every tower without a fight . 
  they just fuckin stood there . 
  what are you playing dota for , son ? 
  i 'll take russian tower divers all day . 
  when i 'm carrying and i know i made a crucial mistake i just mute the chat in shame and hope it will be over soon . 
  the points is , i totally agree with every point you made , but if you translate them in raging at your teammates ingame , it will have an even more negative effect on the level of play of your team . 
  those are mistakes that unfortunately people will always make , and it frustrate me too , but we ca n't change them . 
  i still did n't get really drunk since i quit , that 's the trial by fire . 
  hey guys !, 
  yeah , cause many people do n't understand the hero due to its limited popularity . 
  but if played as one , he is - i played it almost exclusively as support and i 'm over 70 % of winrate . 
  also , i blame the hero suggested build . 
  well , come on , phoenix is not invoker ... but she 's not that straightforward . 
  i would call wraith king straightforward !, 
  phoenix in my language is declined as feminine ( fenice ) , so i 'm mentally conditioned . 
  hesheit has probably no sex tho . 
  boys , boys , we are getting carried away !, 
  i feel safe to state that they are both pretty fucking straightforward heroes . 
  ( we could argue about sniper positioning and shit but come on : the concept of the hero is to right click people . 
  it 's simple . ), 
  yeah , i do n't think h4nn1 left fnatic to join another meh situation . 
  the guy is skilled as fuck , he deserves a top team . 
  i do n't know about french , but english itself is very inconsistent with pronunciation , much more than other latin languages . 
  italian and spanish words are almost always pronounced exactly how they 're spelled . 
  yeah , let me rephrase it . 
   other neighbor languages which are latin, 
  yes , you got it . 
  in the south , on the other hand , we have maintained the latin rigor so everything in our language is very fucking strictly regulated ( and funnily enough that makes the many many exceptions that more harder to identify ) . 
   about iceiceice : [ ... ] but if he plays poorly and lose the game and then you go criticize him , he may get angry . 
  he strikes me as the kind of guy who already knows what he did wrong , but just really does n't like hearing it from the others . 
  they may think they told him something he does n't know . 
  i can really relate to that :p ( not in dota , i 'm a noob in dota ), 
  right on !, 
  miss your casting man !, 
  it 's the same in euw with russians . 
  i have a lot of russians in my friendlist which are friendly and good players , the kind of people which more often ruin my games are just plain racists who start the games in those ways . 
  or worse , they have a nickname like fuck russnias gg . 
  you ca n't fix idiots playing the game . 
  you can ignore them though . 
  i prefer faceless maiden, 
  they were n't in the guide , noob, 
  really ? 
  nice , give us ben back . 
  stop already with the hivemind bullshit when it 's totally uncalled for . 
  at 3k euw i could just queue for cd and wait 5 minutes top . 
  i really do n't understand this choice by valve . 
  you 're free to deem italy as a backwards country ( our justice system is heavily flawed , yes . 
  but not in the principles , in the way it is organized ) , but if you followed the story a little bit , you 'd see that not seeing amanda involved in * some * way it 's pretty fucking improbable . 
  and i never heard nothing about stuff like satanic orgies . 
  those are the things american medias show because yes - they are protective of an american citizen accused of such a crime in a foreign country . 
  i think it 's pretty understandable . 
  i 'm not gon na take every us story with a grain of salt just because you guys occasionally make innocent people sit on the electric chair . 
  i like it . 
  guys . 
  are you really worried about confusing mirana and abaddon ? 
  come on , be serious . 
  i 'm a lover of the blink/deso build , but if i have to go drums/yasha , i think twice about going into manta . 
  if there is a silence to dispel , something to disjoint etc , ok . 
  otherwise , i think s&y is a much better choice : cheaper , makes you tankier and faster and adds to your chasing power . 
  ta illusions on their own are honestly very poor . 
  excluding some rare exception every european beach allows topless , they 're not considered nudist beaches . 
  thus no photography is generally disallowed . 
  yes but nobody in the western scene picked him ( like , ever . 
  since several months ) before that tournament . 
  some teams just gave the impression of not putting that much effort into it . 
  na'vi made the finals despite some clearly troll drafts . 
  ( i 'm not referring to the quadlane game , that was genius . ), 
  damn . 
  so many good games !, 
  it was probably my favorite tournament ever . 
  silencer core for the first times and the casting on the ulti , the quadlane na'vi game , h4nn1 ember/ogre/critshaker !, 
  n0tail meepo vs alliance , xboct qop driving a ck crazy . 
  tl ; dr first edition was awesome and i miss old fnatic . 
  it was their tournament . 
  sorry , i 'm a linguist and it 's kind of my nature to irritate people with questionable sentence structures . 
  not totally related , but i 'd also adjust some `` core items '' suggestions , like linken 's sphere on weaver and medusa . 
  that 's an item with good synergy with the heroes , but it 's not always worth it to build it . 
  seeing people rush that item on those 2 heroes in every possible scenario is very frustrating . 
  everytime i think about the wrong , flawed things in my european country , i can come up with a thousand things but not with our healthcare system . 
  it 's pretty amazing where i live , anyway . 
  hhhehehehehe, 
  yes , this is true ... this is also why supertanky lineups with any assortment of viper/bristle/tide / necro/omni/aba and shit like that are op in lower brackets . 
  opposing teams will just mindlessly keep taking fights versus them - and get stomped . 
  blame wagamama , yesterday he played ta all day and mostly wrecked faces . 
  jesus waga , let us few chosen ones play the best hero in the game . 
  i do n't want my pub games full of first pick mom tas . 
  that 's good puppey , but we want to know the magic tricks to oudraft our 2.5 k russian cm pickers . 
  ^ i ^ wish ^ i ^ played ^ real ^ dota, 
  i 'm kind of glad you do n't , i 'm sure that as a suns fan you hate my spurs :(, 
  in our defense . . we beat you everytime with or without diving , germany . 
  the premise you make is that people will make a radiance rush if they have space and little pressure . 
  which would be reasonable , but does n't happen . 
  people often will rush radiance regardless of the situation they 're in , which is what op is frustrated about ( with good reason imo ) . 
  you can even tell them beforehand to wait for earth splitter to be set on your 3-men stomps , your lion will rightclick them anyway .
