  it 's like different people on reddit can have different opinions !, 
  that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  nah , guinness here is a beer like another . 
  it just has a name because of its history . 
  really ... have you ever met one of this people ? 
  because i honestly have not and i live here . 
  i just know that here in italy i 'm every happy with the varieties of independent beers produced , and we are not even a country with the greatest beer tradition in europe . 
  and warsteiner and guinnes honestly are what you 'd call commercial piss-poor beer . 
  and yes , everybody here too drinks them too liven the spirits . 
  there is way better though ( and no , not pretentious shit ) . 
  synderen called the pick . 
  the dude is pretty good . 
  i 've been playing on and off for less than 2 years and i can play every single hero decently . 
  except tinker , always refused to learn it , fuck that bitch . 
  people that can play 5 heroes love to blame the guy who randoms when they actually fed all match long . 
  this . 
  i play a good ember spirit in my 3k bracket and it 's one of my least played heroes . 
  i 'd probably play a terrible es at 5k , duh . 
  but i do n't handicap my team if i random him . 
  i do n't feel i hurt my team if i random any hero and it fits in the lineup . 
  this is in my bracket obviously , i 'd do way worse at higher levels and i 'd stick to my most comfortable heroes . 
  i have no doubts about that , i too am ignorant about us beers . 
  but if you met someone who told you that you have to drink guinness ( especially if exported ) that 's not a beer snob . 
  that 's an ignorant . 
  ( let 's be clear though : many belgian beers made by monks are pretty fucking amazing :p ) . 
  i faced a couple of broods on the test server and they pretty much stomped the fucking game . 
  yeah , that 's , err , what i said . 
  i also quoted the guy who said basically the same thing . 
  still , that 's not the point . 
  also i should point out that i started from 2500 and i 'm now at 3300 and i never mained anything , but i 'm no more interested in solo mmr since it 's a pain in the ass to play . 
  out of curiosity , what do you mean by harder ? 
  because they 're all very different heroes . 
  yours could be the most disgusting dotabuff i 've ever seen . 
  play something different , son . 
  a good ta will still heavily harass and deny invoker , thus limiting his farm . 
  i ca n't wait for level 6 brown boots + urn bane/lion to solo kill me . 
  icefrog , what the fuck . 
  do n't worry , you 'll still be food for my beyond godlike streaks . 
  also its not like tinker is complete shit either he will still wreck games if played well , but pub shitlords wont pick him for the same reason, 
  why are we shouting, 
  you are totally right i just meant that he will be picked less in pubs but he wont disappear and good players will still make a difference with him, 
  it 's now way more riskier as a pick in competitive though , so there 's that, 
  fuck yes i hate those bastards, 
  pew pew no more motherfucker, 
  good tinker players will still do well with him, 
  mark my words , in one month shitlords will have stopped picking him , so popularity will go way down , but as only real good players will keep playing him winrate will go up, 
  or maybe not, 
  at any rate fuck tinker, 
  many of you guys fail to notice that the bounty is huge when the gap is already huge and the game nearly unthrowable . 
  this is a comeback mechanic , but it 's on the leading team to not make it a throwing mechanic . 
  i love the change as it is , give it time and you 'll see it 'll just make games more exciting . 
  racist ? 
  he tweeted something about the new offlanes paths and terrain changes being awful and dota now resembling lol . 
  probably something else about 6.82 generally being shit . 
  i do n't understand why people who work in the scene should randomly rant stuff like this , but i guess it 's their fucking business . 
  `` i 'm always willing to go the extra mile to avoid doing something '', 
  this is the misconception . 
  if you 're really far ahead , you still need to feed again and again to give away the lead . 
  which is deserved if you ask me . 
  if you are sweeping the floor with the enemy and you just die over and over you are throwing . 
  at any rate ** one death is not enough ** for the enemy to catch up . 
  just play smart . 
  newsflash : if you play well you can still kill the throne in 20 minutes . 
  what the fuck guys , this is still dota . 
  no you do n't . 
  can we stop fucking saying that you die one time and the game is even ? 
  it 's not like that . 
  play the fucking game , watch the replay and verify . 
  do you realise that what you 're saying does not make sense ? 
  case scenario : you 're ahead . 
  you 're in fact so ahead that you can threaten rax . 
  there must be some reason for your team to go fight under the motherfucking barracks , no ? 
  you probably can take them . 
  that means you 're very much ahead . 
  you 're saying that you lose one fucking hero and the game is even ? 
  so if you team gets wiped - or let 's say you lose 3 heroes - the enemies are ahead ? 
  you 're trippin ' . 
  if you can get it at like 15-18 minutes , awesome . 
  spectre is not a good creep-farmer and radiance gets her fat much faster . 
  if you ca n't , you probably should get something more mid-game oriented and start being useful . 
  you can get kills anyway with haunt and farm heroes . 
  sidenote : i think naga is pretty decent as a mid-game carry . 
  i recently drafted it for myself along with an am safelane , so i could n't go for the classical radiance rush and let the others play 3vs5 . 
  i got drums/diffusal/manta and we won even before am became really relevant . 
  forgotten but still decent build . 
  yes yes of course it has great synergy for how spectre approach teamfights and it 's probably a worthy pickup even later in the game , even if i 'd usually rather get a heart - and a refresher is also such an * awesome * item on spectre , but a 30 minute radiance is still a good item on the hero . 
  as you say , the game losing radiance is the one you try to finish after brown boots 25 minutes in . 
  well , to be fair that was true even before this patch . 
  how many stubborn nagas i witnessed getting their precious naked relic at 40 minutes by last hitting megacreeps . 
  shit , boy , at one point you have to right click a fucking yasha and come get some fucking kills !, 
  holy shit you people act like a winning team ca n't keep a fucking lead or something , or that if you 're losing you must be retarded to not kill hyperfarmed carries and cumback six-slotting yourself in 5 minutes . 
  the gold changes affect everyone , stop bashing a new system . 
  it has always been a support which won pub games , honestly . 
  an hyperfarmed ogre is a fucking nightmare . 
  try and deal with a 3000 hp motherfucker with high armor with 2 semi-spammable nuke/stuns which randomly hit for 1000 damage and a slow which hits multiple targets . 
  also buffs all his teammates . 
  ogre core is great . 
  people are overreacting an awful lot these firsr days . 
  getting an early advantage is less important but it does matter . 
  teams need supports .
