  but lina makes him a non-factor in almost every other situation , what the hell are we talking about . 
  slark is too good to ever disappear , especially with this new item . 
  the fact that int cores will get more popular ( i think so too ) does not make me think for a moment that right click carries will disappear . 
  physical damage is still crucial for the lategame . 
  and just think how well refresher synergizes with octarine . 
  it gets a 25 % reduction in cooldown too . 
  lightnings for days . 
  that 's why the aghanims upgrade urges a buff , it makes no sense to add it if it 's pointless . 
  it should be good enough to at least make the player consider to pick it up over something else . 
  eh , you know , aghs is kinda expensive on his own so you ca n't really do much about that - less farm-intensive heroes will get to pick up their aghs less often , but the thing is , if you run into that kind of money it should be really great to be able to buy a scepter . 
  abaddon is not a farmer by any means , but his aghanims is oftentimes great for teamfights if you find 4200 gold somewhere . 
  this tusk one , not so much . 
  his damage steroid is actually insane . 
  competitive scene does n't give him a chance for whatever reason , but for that reason alone he could easily have a place in some lineups . 
  he hits insanely hard with just treads and diffusal blade . 
  i 've been a lot of times in lp but not once for reports ( never even muted ) , just abandons for potato internet or real life complications . 
  between those two , i 'd definitely go for vp . 
  they have been together longer and have actually won stuff , nip are good but have not achieved as much . 
  my indecision lies between my and rave . 
  malaysia are the hot team now , but one month of good results are enough to get an invite ? 
  6th place at dac for rave is no joke . 
  they have been stable and constistent , it would feel unfair for them to be snubbed as the sea team , even if they are in a bit of a slump now . 
  rave and vp for me . 
  he 's immensely skilled as a player , at this point i think he 's just hard to play with . 
  * qualifying intensifies *, 
  i 'm with you , i see her very often in my games and she gets a lot of work done . 
  fuck you and your ignorant stereotypes , you racist asshole . 
  that 's why you rush maelstrom , farm jungle , get 2 major items more than enemy carries by midgame and win . 
  it could be , it 's entirely plausible , after all he was heading to the side shop . 
  if it was n't a one time thing it 's a different story , though . 
  those lineups tho, 
  when i lose in horrible ways and get really upset i usually queue for another game , around 30 % of the time i have the good sense to stop the search and do something else with my time . 
  2 mekansm and full melee trilanes are a constant in my 5 stack games . 
  of course football changes over time . 
  matches from the '80s look like another sport completely . 
  game from the '60s the same . 
  those folks did n't figure out how too exploit offside yet . 
  with an epic thronerace at the 125th minute of game 5 , bulldog 's army of megatreants versus xboct 's erroneously randomed lastpick huskar , due to rtz sabotaging na'vi 's mice . 
  i can see it . 
  if you ca n't get 200 last hits you may indeed have a serious farming problem . 
  he 's on the rise though . 
  i 'm seeing more of those everyday . 
  people , as usual , underestimate the strengths of an underpicked hero . 
  i 'd like to rememeber that doom still silences items , and even if it 's true that you need aghs for break - with a decent farming position he can get it faster than normal heroes , and it deals so much damage that acquiring it in a decent timing allows you to kill heroes simply by pressing r. 
  in need of a small buff ? 
  maybe . 
  but we will definitely see this hero at ti . 
  doom disables items . 
  and it 's an undispellable silence . 
  so no . 
  i can totally understand you about that , the most fun i have in cs is when i run into teammates who all have mics and want to actually play as a team and joke around , regardless of the outcome . 
  but when people are just being cancerous , i see no other options than muting them and move on with my game . 
  that 's not ideal , but it 's the best you can do about it ; they wo n't get better as the game goes on . 
  sorry mate , but you 're probably into a very low skill bracket in dota . 
  whiners and annoying assholes are extremely common , but i have n't ran into someone intentionally feeding for quite some time now . 
  this is my favorite one too and it 's so fucking underrated . 
  that 's her core . 
  the last 2 items are highly dependent on the game you 're playing , and that 's the real optimal build . 
  the one which fits your game . 
  bfly/diffusal/skadi / heart/daedalus/linken 's can be all valid alternatives . 
  oh , you sweet thing . 
  mjollnir storm is even more fun and actually more viable, 
  yeah that s4 guy is such a fucking noob, 
  it 's terrifying that people do n't get sarcasm anymore unless you type kappa . 
  there was this guy who joined the game saying that he lost 500 mmr in the last week and he badly needed a win . 
  our lanes went pretty well , except that he fed like 10 deaths to the enemy carry trying to gank him with earthshaker and that easily snowballed out of our reach . 
  i do n't care if he was a really better player than me , he was just tilting so much in those days that he was most likely the cause of the majority of his losses . 
  that 's just not true, 
  you talk like a kid that always had it easy , so just consider not knowing what you 're talking about , and respectfully shut the fuck up, 
  and that has precisely nothing to do with what i said , but i see that your are not very bright , so have a goodday sir . 
  it 's a shame that many of these dialects are dying , at least in the north . 
  here in lombardia i grew up listening to my grandparents speak dialect and i can understand it ( even if many words are a mistery to me ) , but i 'm not able to speak it myself without sounding ridicolous . 
  the next generations will never get to know it . 
  i ca n't speak for other italian regions though . 
  yes he can, 
  the only bad thing about the wire is that it will ruin you every other show you 'll watch . 
  for some reason i think lina is the best mega-kill one . 
  yeah i mean , i love blink on timbersaw , but if you get it as your first item you 're certainly not trying as hard as you can . 
  congratz on being unable to understand the issue, 
  i too think he is boring and stupid , so let 's say it 's a matter of opinions . 
  yeah stupid fear/rtz/a bunch of other pros getting vladimir 's offering on am . 
  this is not a line of reasoning which gets you good at dota , you get the items you and your team needs looking at your team compositions and what you 're gon na need against your opponents . 
  on 90 % of the heroes going the same build every game is a stupid thing . 
  it 's the standard in italy, 
  internet was so funny when lost was the most popular series though . 
  you can nerf faceless void as much as you want , he will always be a bullshit fucking unnerving joke of a hero . 
  i agree with you . 
  high impact scene , but it did n't make much sense in a multitude of ways . 
  and honestly i really do n't care much about hyper-gritty shootout sequences if they are not gon na be tightly related to the main plo . 
  i hope that 's the case , but in the end we did n't even know these mexican gangsters . 
  they just appear and make a carnage . 
  i did state that i 'd be totally fine if the whole scene will prove crucial to the main plot , but as of now , to me , it 's just a very overboard sequen not really in line with the nature of the series ( rust 's action sequence felt way less forced at the time , to me , ok ? ) . 
  `` keep whining about different shit '' , i dunno what you 're all up in arms about , i really liked the series as a whole until this very episode which left me a bit indifferent . 
  i 'm sorry for exposing my doubts on a public board , what can i tell you ... 
  i think he just needs an attack range buff , honestly . 
  now he 's practically a melee hero . 
  lina got those for a thousand consecutive patches , maybe a trash tier hero like od deserve it . 
  easy ct rush . 
  no it 's rush b no stop , noob . 
  i 'd like it anyway .
