  what the fuck do you know what 's going on in his life , maybe he 's happier now that he 's playing less , that would n't even be surprising . 
  get out of here with your logic, 
  dude , what 's your point . 
  he has as reference the same unclear data as everyone else , he just pointed out some mistakes people make in the specific way to go about treating that data to draw conclusions . 
  we know little about the system , we might as well not draw fallacious conclusions on those few things we know . 
  i have no idea how you people can speculate like this about the life of someone else . 
  it 's not only games and grills out there . 
  if you do n't know him personally , it 's all speculation . 
  we just do n't know , since he does n't share his private life . 
  let 's just accept it and hope he streams sometime in the future . 
  nickname checks out, 
  what a game that was . 
  thanks . 
  it 's amazing what bullshit people will think of instead of fucking play the game and get better . 
  it 's 2-2 when the overwatch starts , and he circles too precisely to not be a bot of some kind . 
  nova ranks fly by like breeze . 
  the aks will be a bit of a challenge . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  guess the realest silvers are eagles nowadays . 
  this goes for me too . 
  luckily a vac-wave will come either way , do n't care about the skeptic circlejerk . 
  # 1 case : low-ranked game on dust , the suspect is bottom fragging and losing , but still somehow trying . 
  no clue why this was reported . 
  # 2 case : this guy on cache just runs with his crosshair on the ground and buys just ak with no armor , bhopping and tapping headshots everywhere with teleporting crosshair . 
  must be fun mate . 
  wall + aim + other . 
  # 3 case : d2 , ct. . close game , this guy seems to be playing normally until he clutches 1v5 with honestly impossible headshots . 
  from a behind site boxes he bursts out and 5-7 headtaps a guy midway through short , * while his crosshair is pointed right at the boxes of the corner on short * . 
  he goes from mid and badly sprays 2 guys with an m4-s : 2 headshots . 
  there is a third guy right in front of him which totally whiffs the spray , meanwhile the suspect 's crosshair wanders into the air for a good 2 seconds ( ??? 
  ) , then comes back down and kills the guy . 
  now 1v1 , he goes to b , defuses and hits another headshot . 
  after this he continues to play kind of normal except for a couple of really weird awp shots . 
  no doubts in my mind this guy 's an aim toggler , but i do n't know how many more will think the same . 
  except your mother did n't tell you to not be racist, 
  it surely is not a pile of unplayable trash as some people would like to make you think . 
  i know it 's a bitch to play against smurfs ( even at le there is at least one smurf per team every game ) , but it is so much satisfying to beat them ( and talk shit to them ) . 
  just accept it and try not to tilt , do your best and you 'll naturally get better as a player . 
  you will get out of nova ranks regardless of smurfs if you improve . 
  you can also try and shittalk them during the game , many of them just tilt if you do it right . 
  they are generally insecure people if they have to smurf and crush newer players to have fun . 
  it 's `` their '' , not `` there '' . 
  interesting insight , by the way, 
  mag was the best centaur player around . 
  i think that hero is still strong , teams just forgot about him . 
  change the binding dude, 
  the ult is wicked strong though , especially with aghs . 
  the passive has been buffed and i tried maxing it early ( to troll , tbh ) with actually ridicolous results . 
  people ca n't hit you at all or they die . 
  slardar may be a stronger hero overall as of now , true , but he offers different things . 
  kevlar + decoy for sick mlg fake flashes that never work . 
  problem is , when lategame comes any decent alchemist will be farmed enough to ditch the octarine or whatever and get actual carry items , if he has n't been shitting scepters for teammates . 
  i wish the smurfs knew this . 
  that 's not hard to figure out , but thanks for the input . 
  honestly at le i 'm seeing a lot of really fishy players . 
  you can include the 2 kids on my teams who played like novas but were telling the whole team were the ts were going 5 seconds after roundstart . 
  the guy who dropped 40 bombs with running awp shots through smoke could be `` just lucky '' i guess . 
  could go on for a while just about last week 's games . 
  i deranked yesterday due to 9 consecutive losses , 6 of them 16-14 . 
  it 's amazing how well people perform under pressure these days . 
  plan to getting my eagle back soon , the dmg logo sucks ass . 
  i think if we 're talking le + people have some hundreds of hours on their back and a pretty good notion on how cheaters differ from smurfs . 
  lol , ok then :-), 
  let me rephrase : i know i have it . 
  thanks , this made my day . 
  so that 's a thing !, 
  happened to me last game , i thought i was going crazy . 
  inb4 `` they are smurfs git gud '', 
  i do n't know man , i 've been playing this game ( first cs game ) for some months and i think i played with more cheaters in the last 2 weeks than in the rest of my cs : go experience combined . 
  i do a lot of overwatch and i can recognise players who are clearly better than me ... 
  but when one guy ca n't hit 1 awp shot from mirage window for half the game , then he drops a 40 bomb with precise as fuck peeks and quickscopes in the second half , maybe there is something to it . 
  this is just an example of players who turn godlike from 1 round to the other that i played with/against these days . 
  yeah mate , i do n't know about the situation in global but it smells like it 's you that ca n't tell the difference . 
  `` a turn up for the bookies '', 
  open any news website or even the frontpage of reddit , more than 100 people died in paris from terrorist attacks . 
  `` vengeful spirit is a poor man 's dazzle '' . 
  still did n't get that one ( recent ) . 
  well , come on , a lot more people use mics at le compared to low ranks . 
  i 'd say a good 70 % . 
  vengeful is a much more aggressive and playmaking support than dazzle with swap and stun . 
  the similitaries are there ( - armor , saving allies ) , but it 's really a stretch . 
  dazzle pretty much sits behind his team and makes sure people do n't die . 
  i do n't understand why sk ult does n't work like sf ult honestly . 
  the king would n't certainly get as strong and popular as the fiend even with that small buff . . 
  thank christ , i was exhausted by all the zipzapping going around before last patch, 
  i think in that range you can find good players who abused op heroes to death ranked higher than genuine talents that could easily fit into pro teams if given a chance ( of course they need the right mindset and will to teamwork ) . 
  i 'd like everyone to remember that most people here on reddit were marking w33 and miracle as `` just pubstars '' not long ago . 
  i think that many pro players oftentimes just have more experience and connections than a few really talented pubbies . 
  so pardon my ignorance , but just vac bans and not overwatch bans show on the steam profile , right ? 
  oh shut up , he 's just better than you . 
  someone lost them hats, 
  people will give you a hundred thousand reasons , in reality void is never a totally useless hero ; pros just forgot about him because of some past nerf , as it happens every fucking time . 
  `` never again '' . 
  but chronosphere is by its own nature a broken spell . 
  so these things will happen :, 
  - someone this week will pick him in a decisive match and stomp, 
  - the post-major patch will buff him cause he has n't been around for some time, 
  - we will have void for 3 months in every fucking pub and pro game, 
  the supports in the meta by the way are fucking strong with void : think of aa and disruptor . 
  you can tag me .
