  that looks messy . 
  so yeah , i could get down with it . 
  i wo n't miss it if i ever visit canada . 
  like most item choices in dota , it 's not flatout wrong . 
  it 's situational . 
  if you have a shitton of gold and you need lockdown through magic immunity , it can be a good choice . 
  and the 100 damage are always nice , even on storm . 
  people will say it 's bad bad bad because they never saw s4 do it , but abyssal blade is such a good item that can be handy even if it has no great synergy with the hero . 
  of course most often than not there will be better choices for storm , but if you have to deal with a 6slotted lifestealer which is slaughtering your team and there is no lockdown on your part , i 'd say , why not . 
  tl ; dr. because the item is so good , it 's highly situational . 
  if you 're * always * doing it , you probably can spend your gold in better ways . 
  honestly sand king might be the best jungler in the game . 
  the ability to clear n-stacks of hard camps at lvl 3 is no joke . 
  datome is really a great guy , always positive and humble . 
  and he always has a moment for the fans . 
  he 's probably the most beloved player on the italian team because of that . 
  plus , you know , he was a godly beast in the italian league . 
  nba is different but i still think he could give something to his team , with decent minutes . 
  just because it 's set in the south ? 
  i 'll be overall happier if no version of hurt will feature in that terrible show . 
  twd was a really tough delusion for me . 
  it started off great , right ? 
  the pilot was amazing and the first season good , despite some questionable plot twist . 
  with the second season it began to go downhill . 
  [ this is what the episodes were like ] ( http://imgur.com/oaors9y ) . 
  all the screentime was left to very questionable character development and really , * really * dull dialogues . 
  after that , things livened up , but the fact is that in twd people do dumb things for really pretestous screenplay reasons . 
  constantly . 
  they somewhat managed to put together some good episodes amid of the third season , but after that nothing . 
  i finally gave up sometime in the fourth season . 
  the writing killed a show that could have been epic . 
  this is one of the most hilarious things i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  i like to take 10-15 days breaks too . 
  the first joint after those is * amazing * . 
  well , it sure ai n't meritocratic, 
  i can assure you that the sense of geocultural diversity is justified . 
  there are many neighboring states which are tiny , yes , but you have no idea how great the cultural differences can be if you move 50km away . 
  but you guys will probably downplay this , i read reddit long enough to know that for most americans saying euros is much easier . 
  it 's * countries * . 
  you ca n't ignore that the * united * states are not political entities ( on an international scenario ) , whereas european countries are . 
  that counts something about their world map relevance . 
  but i could easily identify probably almost all of the us without a problem , even though i get mixed up some of the states in the northeast . 
  they are economic entity on the international market then . 
  but it 's the us that sends troops in afghanistan , iraq and makes its stance clear on the ukrainian situation , not texas . 
  the fact that they are irrelevant is not relevant . 
  yeah , but texas does n't go to war . 
  texas does n't get to ignore the cuban embargo . 
  liechtenstein can or can not do those things . 
  the fact that some american states are bigger , richer , culturally more influential does n't make them political entities in the history of 900 for example , sorry . 
  errr ... no . 
  it would be easier for me to think that the only things that differ texas from new mexico are the bbq sauces . 
  but i know that there is more than that , even though i 've never been to the us ( i would like to see the spurs one day ) . 
  i would say he is a pretty huge asshole . 
  one of my favorite players ever , but i 'd think twice about grabbing a beer with that guy . 
  u wot m8, 
  but seriously , you managed 2 times , you can do it a third . 
  bang that chick dude . 
  play with chat muted , what the fuck do you care . 
  i always do when i understand that people in teamchat are of the asshole kind . 
  if there is only one , mute him . 
  to enjoy the game you do n't have to read all the bullshit idiots love to spout . 
  i guess ta was already fine but eh , 2 seconds cooldown buff on traps ? 
  thanks , volvo , i guess . 
  ta buff ( traps cd ) was really really minor , the blink nerf hurt her though . 
  we / r/polandball now, 
  edit : i 'm just referring to bad grammar , polandball is an awesome sub . 
  i 'm not sure what the downvotes are for, 
  fuck , i did n't think about how the damage changes . 
  the urn change is actually insane , now everyone with a fucking 800 gold items can totally negate refraction ? 
  that 's too much . 
  the rest of what you said is true . 
  blink nerf is big too , i like too get it just after phase to snowball quickly . 
  the few times i ran ogre mid with midas , i stomped with him with monstrous kdas . 
  the new aghs is sick . 
  things is , ta is a great last pick in cm/cd because she can dominate a game if the enemy team has no counter . 
  now every scrub support can buy a counter like 5 minutes in . 
  this destroys the hero . 
  it 's not a minor advantage . 
  think of , say , lion . 
  previously if lion found a ta on its way would just hex him and run the fuck out . 
  now a lion with a simple urn can hex/urn , spike and finger the ta goodbye . 
  she has ridicolously low hps after all . 
  so well , there 's that . 
  if you ask me , it is a free wipe ta off the map card . 
  if somebody urn me i know that i have to get the fuck out asap or i 'll die . 
  lol , it should be the lion to be caught out by me . 
  shit , the whole purpose of the hero is to murder squishes in 2-3 hits . 
  the thing about ta is that she is exceptionally strong if not countered . 
  that 's what made her the ideal last pick . 
  if you pick ta into a direct counter ( veno , bat , viper , many others ) , well , you better have some awesome gameplan in mind or you are fucked . 
  now she can always be countered . 
  hence since she was already easily counterable , she should have the ability to own the map . 
  it 's the whole purpose of the hero . 
  it 's a heavy snowball hero . 
  she 's in any case a risky pick , because when behind she hardly recovers . 
  you are telling me that she was op , and that 's bullshit . 
  sorry but that 's what i got from your argument . 
  in any case , yes , i think pro players will catch wind of the fact that the skill that defines the hero can now be countered with 800 gold , and she will see less action . 
  do n't you know it ? 
  one post from one person is enough to scream hivemind/circlejerk .
