  up until this point , this experiment proves nothing but the fact that he 's a good player playing among not-so-good players . 
  please do this !, 
  i know that . 
  that does n't disprove the fact that if you were a 5600 player and you would n't be able to go past 4800 there would be a problem with the system . 
  because you would n't be matched with players at your level of skill . 
  note that i know it 's hypothetical and i do n't really have an opinion about elo hell , but i see so many misunderstandings about this . 
  nightmare lasts less than 3 seconds , because * it is interrupted by mirana arrow . 
  so furion should be chaindisabled , i do n't think this should happen . 
  this . 
  ganking the dire mid is much easier . 
  i feel what you say . 
  all over europe the spliff is the traditional way of smoking . 
  i quit cigs since october , because i finally realized how much i dislike tobacco , so i had to change my ways . 
  i bought a wooden pipe and man , i 'm so much happier !, 
  the high is better , clearer , brighter . 
  i just miss rolling so i just roll my frients ' joints , ahah, 
  i honestly think this guy has some work to do . 
  if ld asks for technical insight on an item build , i 'd like to hear more then stuff like `` desolator could be good . 
  or something like that . 
  i was like `` buy fucking bot '' already at the first rapier . 
  jesus , how can you go around without boots . 
  last game i had a furion who did n't skill his third skill . 
  at all . 
  luckily we had a fat as fuck spectre and won . 
  i know how it 's such a recurring joke here , but i swear to god every bh i play with rushes a battlefury . 
  holy shit , drives me insane . 
  it 's murphy 's law applied to dota . 
  of course i too always get 4 hard carry allies . 
  the other day in rd our first picks are lion and skywrath ( me ) . 
  i proceed to write `` good , we got supports '' . 
  allies proceed to pick vengeful abaddon and aa . 
  what the fuck . 
  yeah , first thing i said was that we would have surely lost past 25 minutes . 
  so no early aggression and abaddon did n't get a godlike streak or nothing and we got stomped , clearly . 
  i like to play him as carry but he ca n't be your only option . 
  he obviously got outcarried like hell . 
  it 's in the suggested items for bh and people apparently like it in generale . 
  it 's a shame really , gondar is one of the most versatile heroes when it comes to item builds . 
  alcohol consumption  soul assumption, 
  also , play templar assassin . 
  she 's the best hero ever . 
  bounty hunter is not a carry . 
  he can deal very much damage when farmed , but he 's more of a utility hero , his ulti track can cover his team in gold . 
  rubick is ultrafun and a great support . 
  abaddon is amazing , toughest motherfucker in the game . 
  clockwerk is a strong offlaner/initiator , has awesome lockdown power with his cogs and is very very hard to kill at a certain point . 
  treant is the most annoying bloke in the hood : this piece of filth can heal towers . 
  morphling is one of the hardest carries in the game . 
  anyway it 's good that you want to try out heroes very much diverse regarding roles , but you will have to try all the heroes at a certain point !, 
  you have always to know what your enemies can do . 
  when did this joke originated anyway ? 
  agh scepters like puck 's and abaddon 's need some kind of rework . 
  as of now there is not a single viable reason to pick them up . 
  something like a minus magic/armor resistance for puck and an aoe slow for abaddon . 
  i enjoy really much playing support mirana . 
  i occasionally get a lot of shit for it from close-minded people , but get tranquils and eul 's and you get all the sustain for running around at maximum speed warding , dewarding , scouting with arrows , ganking . 
  and early game , the enemy mid shitting his pants for you arrows is a very good thing . 
  i was thinking that it could be very good for countering rats . 
  i mean , you globally clear creep waves at low cd . 
  in my opinion mushi and iceiceice are superior to him , ice3 is not even a strictly mid player but he 's just too good . 
  also s4 probably is . 
  arteezy still has to really prove himself but i think he could be better than dendi . 
  na'vi is the best team in the world but dendi , despite how great he is , is just not the better solo mid . 
  downvotes pls, 
  if they do n't , they want to likely first-pick him , and kuroky always play him . 
  puppey must hate him , and puppey knows his shit . 
  what i want to say is that he is indeed strong , and correct me if i 'm wrong but he was n't in the meta at all until a few months ago !, 
  that would be actually good . 
  the ship is not easy to land and easily dodgeable . 
  at level 2 x is perfect for the combo with torrent and the boat , because you can cast the spells in sequence . 
  when the delay increase , you have a harder time timing torrent . 
  yeah , this experiment did n't really prove much . 
  i want to play a little of everything in dota . 
  mid is the most impactful role in the game , especially with the snowbally heroes this guys played ... 
  he is good but he basically took a shortcut . 
  i thought that their draft for game 1 was really awful . 
  yeah , please do n't skill glaives early . 
  i do n't understand this love of people for battlefury as an item . 
  is it the cool colored rings ? 
  is it the cleave ? 
  buy a goddamn desolator on bh , you do n't even have to use the secret shop and it 's baller as fuck . 
  all in all the damage from desolator is always higher , with the -7 armor . 
  plus it benefits your teammates too . 
  no reason i ca n't do both !, 
  thanks , that 's all the reassurement i needed !, 
  so truth be told i knew very little about the band before the concert , but i can confirm they 're great live !, 
  had so much fun , the venue was small and perfect for their type of show . 
  he 's probably influenced by the twitch chat which is just mocking this awful game . 
  and i mean , i do n't even feel like blaming anyone , this shit is just not fun to watch . 
  team dog or sigma or whatever the hell they call themselves naga 'd fnatic . 
  yeah , naga games are pretty much always the same routine . 
  naga gets a radiance and farms all the map until she get 6-slotted . 
  if a fight breaks out , she pops the song and bails . 
  if supports get picked off , who cares ? 
  there is a farming naga around . 
  i pretty much dislike this kind of rat naga trend , but hey , it works . 
  i was expecting the jimmy comeback moment for all of the episode ... glad to see i was right !, 
  it 's the haste/dd rune syndrome . 
  i feel like a buffed god for those 10 seconds before i feed a stupid kill . 
  you 'll not be the first , nor the second dead .
