  unluckily nasal goo is spammable . 
  we 'll call it `` the batrider dilemma '' :d, 
  i agree that she 's too risky a pick now , but because disrupting her farm in lane is so easy , she 's probably the worst laner in the game . 
  am and dusa are better , they are not exceptional , but am can trade hits with mana burn and has blink , and medusa is tanky and the snake is good . 
  i think she needs to played more actively early game because haunt has potential to net you some kills , but pros are probably not sold about that . 
  well half the time i play bristle i just snowball just because i feed off the enemy carry when the supports rotate off , so that 's what i know, 
  jus to clear that up , they are both medium camps , but fuck , it 's true . 
  it 's all good training to carry uncarriable fucks , but sometime you just ca n't win when your team plays to lose . 
  just never stop trying to improve and try always harder to make your idiots win . 
  i mean , people will tell you that it 's your fault and to get good , and it 's obviously partly true , there 's probably something you can always do better , but you ca n't singlehandedly win every game , simple as that . 
  i build it on jugg like 75 % of the time ( every time i can get away with it ) , people do n't see any moms and scream report , but i have 90 % winrate , so hey . 
  never be afraid to build midas if you think it 's worth it . 
  off the top of my head the only heroes i would advise you to never get it on are those who needs a blink asap ( centaur , axe mostly ) . 
  rtz is playing spectre right now and haunt illusions just sit in place without following the target . 
  last patch broke something maybe ? 
  playlist ? 
  tonight it seemed to me like it was the same song over and over and over and over . 
  dude , i discovered that all the 3 stats get points after more than 500 hours ... 
  just the natural consequence of a whole community ganging up on the awkward guy . 
  he 's an easy target guys , and this sub played a great role in making him that . 
  edit : yeah downvote me and keep poking fun at the weirdo , you guys are so good at that shit, 
  shrapnel is the ultimate skill right now . 
  low mana cost , charges , insane range , lets him easily farm stacks in jungle , chase , give vision , harass in lane , slow , do damage on large portions of extended teamfights . 
  i do n't know . 
  it seems a bit too much . 
  also the hero in general is good from ahead ( kills your whole team with a item more than you coz you know , 950 range ) and from behind ( best hero to keep highground . 
  shrapnel alone destroys the creepwave ) , is good in lane , is good midgame , is good lategame . 
  many people will say the opposite , but he 's not a hard hero . 
  just stay out of sight ( not hard with his range ) and right click things . 
  get a blink and stay out of trouble . 
  he specifically needs to be hard countered with gap closers . 
  sniper is insanely good right now . 
  your point does not make sense . 
  thanks for trying . 
  i agree , for 5 stacks and only for 5 stacks this should be possible . 
  then do n't buy arcanes . 
  please stop rushing arcanes on every possible support . 
  arcanes suck dick . 
  let your dumb peasant carries figure out how to manage their mana . 
  i 'm obviously kidding . ^ ^ partially, 
  not a single vlad in that game , but hey , bloodstone rubick and aquila dazzle . 
  on a more serious note , i found that keeping my options open when i have 1000 gold is way better . 
  i honestly hate supports that neglect wards because a support must buy arcanes . 
  if my team is not mana hungry , i avoid them as hard as i can . 
  obviously if my carry is a ck i 'm probably gon na need them ... but 80 % of the time i can go from brown boots straight into something more useful . 
  that 's weird , you should have like a free abandon per week . 
  it happens sometime people , be it for shitty connection or things like real life barging in your important game of doto . 
  maybe you piled up some reports too . 
  draft a stun more than them . 
  if it 's not working , rush abyssal blades on everybody . 
  because it 's challenging . 
  it 's a very hard game and honestly a very good game . 
  i always find myself wanting to get better at a hero , or at a certain aspect of the game , try a new strategy , reach a certain mmr . 
  i ca n't seem to ever manage to distract myself completely from the game , i have to do work and i find myself thinking about new combos and shit , or reading / r/dota2 way more than i 'd like because it 's a fucking awful sub and the community in general is just horrible . 
  the game just sucks you in . 
  a great number of players plays from like 10 years from the dota1 days . 
  i hate offlaners who feed 5 times at minute 10 because `` no help , ca n't farm '' . 
  no shit genius , you picked a solo offlaner into a trilane , if you pay a little attention you can at leadt avoid to feed with bristleback . 
  sometimes he does though . 
  see 6.79 midnight pulse buff and the nerf in 6.82 even below its pre-buff values . 
  yeah , almost , the point is that he reversed it  and i agree icefrog does n't do it often because it 's like admitting `` i fucked up in buffing this '' , but sometimes is needed . 
  woah fuck , you are right , i did n't remember midnight pulse had one of those weird type of damage, 
  what on earth did you remind me , y' all motherfuckers need to be grateful that the mercy of gaben brought us out of those dark ages . 
  i do n't think so , having to fight into exorcism every fucking game was pretty annoying . 
   i think troll is probably bugged really badly , he does n't seem to take as much damage as he should . 
  what do you mean ? 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  by the way i completely agree on your point on movement speed , it makes so little sense right now . 
  this is honestly not a bad idea . 
  eul 's is just too good a pickup . 
  guys , learn naga . 
  it works in every patch . 
  very few pub players care to gank continouosly a hero which is not murdering them over and over . 
  get your radiance in less than 20 minute and you 're golden , you 'll win against every bullshit the current patch offers . 
  naga is still a good hero . 
  she works , just not every game , 
  the shaman is always in fog and lina does n't get him anyway with the cursor . 
  so no . 
  there is a night stalker on rhasta 's team, 
  no dude , the things about night stalker ult has been bothering me lately . 
  the vision limitation should happen just during darkness nights , not on every night , but i remember a recent ns game in which i could n't see shit all game . 
  if you watch the icons of lina 's teammates they are half blind too . 
  i have to test this . 
  i agree . 
  i expected something on that tone for quite some time . 
  comparatively , breaking bad finale disappointed me way more . 
  go/nogo 100.00 331.56 ms 331.56 ms - woah , i surprised myself . 
  besides the classic micro-based heroes and io :, 
  magnus has a fairly high skill-cap and i find him incredibly fun . 
  plus he 's really strong in teamfights and for pickoffs if played well . 
  timbersaw , kunkka , storm are great to play but not easy to master . 
  radiance naga has a pretty high ceiling . 
  fun ? 
  not for most people , but i like playing her . 
  + if you see a dd rune , with some levels in meld and maxed refraction you can kill rosh in a disgustingly short time, 
  stop with this bullshit . 
  99 % of your games ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  just play your best , do n't flame and mute the idiots . 
  imbeciles solo queue as much as they play in stack .
