  it 's still weird to me that his first ever match was in the high bracket , maybe even the 400 % bp boosters had a part in that . 
  i thought `` ss '' meant people had to visit the secret shop to buy shit . 
  ^ this is important . 
  do this . 
  to say the least . 
  itt : angry racist kids stuck at 1.5 k mmr and it 's all the foreigner 's fault . 
  abaddon was already an underrated pubstomber . 
  people always underestimate the shield damage output and his nuke is actually really good . 
  everybody ends up trying to kill the fucking abaddon but it 's no easy task ... and they end up dead . 
  this aghs upgrade is actually a sick teamfight upgrade , so i 'm not really surprised . 
  i mean , if you activate the goddamn ulti you have 7 seconds in which 35 % of the damage dealt to teammates heal you !, 
  his previous aghs was shit but this is almost too good . 
  i think it 's something we 'll even see in the pro scene . 
  i recently discovered him and pick him when i need to recover some mmr . 
  needs really no special items so i can pick up utilities like medallion , vlads , ac , mek . 
  plus , and it 's really a plus , if you pick him at 3k people think you want to carry , so someone will probably pick up another support instead of saying `` oh good the ward bitch is there already '' . 
  no no , i know that everybody on reddit is 5k + . 
  templar assassin , vengeful spirit , abaddon, 
  ^ offlane or feed, 
  ^ likes aoe stuff . 
  ^ blue or gtfo, 
  well , the hero is broken like this , but at least we know the aghs is pretty good !, 
  no , puck 's aghs sucks . 
  the rest is of course true , but i feel that for abaddon will be worth the farm . 
  time will tell us . 
  my god that vacuum wall in the roshpit . 
  i would have never said that alliance was gon na win after the draft , gg swedes , wp . 
  there are few teams that can pull this shit off . 
  as of now , gyrocopter . 
  dude needs a buff and even though it has fallen off a bit , it 's still consistently picked but there is almost always a better alternative . 
  no tanker noob captain gg, 
  anything is possible after that one . 
  vintage manu showing up !, 
  my god boris what a player . 
  come on , d-wade has made a career on that kind of move . 
  i do n't like it either tbh . 
  i discovered after 1050 games that when i level stats , i do n't have to choose which stat to level . 
  i thought i was always leveling just str ... 
  900 games ago i used to get bloodstone on everyone . 
  moar mana and health and crazy regen , respawn time decreased , why the fuck not ?!? 
  my bloodstone ta used to wreck faces :'), 
  i blame the guide which used to recommend a shadow blade . 
  i do n't know if it 's still like that . 
  volvo , pls . 
  literally, 
  the issue is still there , but i always do this . 
  mostly saves time . 
  glad to see more and more ta lately . 
  singsing is standin in for this one . 
  can we stop with the conspiracy theories now ? 
  the few times i queued russia , the matches were dead silent . 
  not a word in voice/all/team from draft to ancients blewing up . 
  it was mildly unsettling . 
  almost as the weird ass builds . 
  why did i not know this ? 
  thanks !, 
  it 's true , people on use use more the voicechat , but many of the people who speak english on euw try and actually communicate . 
  i met idiots who write only to bitch about something in every server though . 
  it 's hilarious that liquid even has to justify themselves . 
  they qualified . 
  after 2 days of intensive gaming they knew they qualified and it 's not like they played a position 1 chen or anything . 
  they have a right to not play like it 's the grand finals . 
  everyone blaming liquid is just butthurt for some reason , other teams should have played better before instead of blaming others . 
  they had another chance anyway , this whole thing is plain stupid . 
  and everybody seems to forget that ug won that fucking game anyway , against a team that despite everything was better . 
  so give some fucking props to them . 
  this is honestly the best i can hope for a game and it happens so rarely . 
  even if there are people like that , there are always 1-2 angry morons . 
  all the stories i can summon involve 3 teammates being awesome enough to cooperate and win despite the fifth idiot who flames and trolls from minute 1 . 
  but no , you 're right , this thread convinced me . 
  yes . 
  they 'll presumably hotfix everything asap . 
  clock is fucking awesome but it 's hard . 
  one time i get 20 kills , then i get pumped and repick it just to feed horribly and hook teammates in the ass . 
  going through the same struggle . 
  i actually like the hero , but playing it in pub is a tragedy . 
  you really just have to farm early to mid game , and by that time my team manages to feed the fuck out of their carries and we 're locked in our base in 20 minutes . 
  i love you for citing those 3 bands . 
  fugazi are like the best fucking band ever . 
  the trucks level fucking killed me , this game is hilarious . 
  the guy does not fuck around . 
  gentlemen , david west has come to ball . 
  when they 're hot , they can beat anybody . 
  they have on their side an astounding variety of heroes and strategies they can pull off . 
  that warmongah . 
  he often fails as a carry tbh . 
  sometimes ( like cis today ) teams pick him just cause it 's trending so much but as a carry there are 90 % of the time better options . 
  on the other and as a support he 's very very strong atm . 
  spammable stun , the aura is sick , and you do n't want to kill that guy in teamfight because of the ulti . 
  e-club malaysia is all about philantropy man , we were wrong all along . 
  80 % of the time if that person was just pleasurable to play with , the rest if he was particularly impressive with a hero or totally carried the game by himself . 
  except if all of these conditions apply and he ask for comment me please , i do n't . 
  only rox.kis - aware works , can confirm . 
  that was one of the best sand king games i 've ever seen . 
  it seems like it 's one of those match where your teammates just look to constantly fight even if they 're in no position to do so . 
  you ca n't do much , except calmly tell them and hope they listen . 
  well , an am makes a big impact . 
  if your teammates feed 15 deaths each while you 're farming you ca n't do very much . 
  this comment was too spot-on to not being downvoted . 
  i 'm european and i love politically incorrect jokes , but this one is just flatout bad .
