i wish more players had the balls to just stay up and try to finish . 
  hate all the ridiculous diving going on . 
  not at all . 
  i fully understand the advantages of letting yourself crash to the ground and get a penalty , but still it 's not pretty . 
  if you have one , all your effort up until this point gets thrown out the window . 
  if you wan na quit , quit . 
  you do n't need a cigarette . 
  italian neighbor here . 
  i think we 're a long way from legalization . 
  i do n't know how the political situation about it is there , but i surely hope it looks better . 
  i do n't think you understand how far ahead you americans are on this kind of things . 
  i 'm italian . 
  if i 'd only try to think about italian government spying on americans i 'd find myself laughing . 
  if the heads of our agency would just happen to think about it , they 'd find their pants shitted all over . 
  do n't let the paranoia get to you . 
  now pass that shit , son . 
  almodovar did some really good stuff and stuff i liked a lot less . 
  hable con ella and volver are awesome . 
  ( penelope cruz in volver is unbelievably beautiful also ), 
  la mala educacion , por ejemplo , i liked a lot less . 
  mujeres al borde de un ataque de nervios is weird , but pretty good . 
  it 's the kind we use in italy . 
  make your coffee with the lowest flames possible , so that when the water boils and goes up , it goes slower and absorbs the coffee better . 
  easy , the shawshank redemption . 
  decent movie , yes , but still awfully overrated . 
  is a box of chocolate . 
  the purpose is running , and playing ping-pong . 
  bad music . 
  finals ? 
  which finals ? 
  there were no finals last year . 
  i 'm quitting for those kind of reasons . 
  you read 4 days on my badge but i 've smoked just the one cigarette since the 15th . 
  i hated coughing all the time . 
  i hated my clothes stinking , and most of all , feeling that my breath capacity was that much limited . 
  i can tell you , it already feels better . 
  i can take much deeper breaths . 
  i overall feel much better , it is definitely worth it . 
  plus , you know , i do n't waste money in harmful shit . 
  i love johnny cash , but i ca n't agree with this . 
  reznor feels it so much more . 
  nin version is way better . 
  ( not that cash 's one is n't awesome ), 
  my country has a shitload of problems but i 'm so proud of our public healthcare system , reading all of this . 
  i do n't mean the article , i understand the story 's bullshit . 
  i 'm talking about insurances . 
  regards from italy . 
  i 'm not a roma fan , but i 'm so glad to see totti in this shape . 
  his class is unique . 
  best italian player since baggio . 
  too bad for his injury . 
  she 's awesome !, 
  congrats to both ( :, 
  god , some people are low . 
  you have almost talked me into watching spongebob for the first time ever . 
  time to buy some others . 
  as a token of optimism , you know . 
  i 'm about to finish the series for the third time . 
  can confirm . 
  everything is so fucking in place in this show . 
  the amount of people who get seriously hurt falling from magaluf 's hotels is amazing . 
  i think it 's some sort of game . 
  that place is a real shithole , lol . 
  the wire, 
  i 'm originary of sardinia . 
  tipically life expectancy of sardinians is regarded as above average ( my hometown has several centenarians ) , and well , they say that you can only kill a sardinian by hitting them behind the ear with a branch of olive tree . 
  so i guess that . 
  sorry , but you ca n't feel guilty about your mom . 
  it was n't your fault in any way possible . 
  you cheeky bastard i bursted out laughing in my office . 
  it was awkward . 
  no country for old men, 
  what about the eating thing ? 
  hey now . 
  easily one of the best defenders to ever play the game . 
  way better than cannavaro . 
  stoners are less naive than you think and often very much aware of the stigma surrounding cannabis . 
  sue them , for not being able to stop being shocked at obtusity . 
  maybe this will convince some of my friends to watch it . 
  yes , but dude , she 's a teacher . 
  she should teach , not * just * encourage students to self-teach . 
  the dude who attends the class is saying that . 
  i do n't get it . 
  he says she refuses to teach the basics and explain the code . 
  that 's just flatout wrong . 
  if all she has to do is copypaste some code and say * go understand it on the internet , lazy-ass , it 's for your own good * , everyone can do it . 
  one time , a friend of mine spat in the eye of a cat located like 3 meters ca . 
  away and elevated 1 meter ca . 
  from the spitting point . 
  it was glorious . 
  he does not as of now . 
  he surely has the potential to be a top 10 or more , and showed * impressive * flashes of it . 
  in italian we have `` bestemmie '' , which are blasphemies , curses against god . 
  they are considered tenfold worse than things like shit , fuck , etc. 
  also punishable by law ( old laws , not enforced ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure no such thing exist in other languages . 
  yeah , way worse . 
  they are commonly used in private situation ( not by everybody ) , but never ever publicly or in movies , shows . 
  few movies featured them and they received majestical shitstorms . 
  there 's a stigma around these words that finds no match in any english word .
