  i played 700 + games and i 'm now at 39 abandons . 
  the last one was 3 weeks ago and cost me 5 lpq matches . 
  sorry i did n't specify that before . 
  well , cool . 
  i did n't deserve it . 
  i honestly think she was in love with you , but had n't worked up the courage to clearly tell you . 
  i could be wrong , but that 's the feeling i got reading it ( in italian ) . 
  it was just one of those nights . 
  sas would beat these knicks the other 9 times out of 10 . 
  now let 's kick some clippers ass , i do n't like those guys . 
  agree . 
  that guy has many flaws as a player and is a mess shooting-wise , but he 's just that likable . 
  the clever comments you do n't expect on the dota 2 subreddit . 
  upvote for you , you literate motherfucker . 
  yeah , nobody gives a fuck about the guy who provide all that cool vision . 
  and since so few people care to ward properly , i 'm learning to carry the burden myself and the chances of winning go waaay up . 
  you know what , that 's the thing . 
  it wo n't suck , except at first , when you reaaally want your smokes . 
  but just wait and see how your lungs will feel better after even 10 days . 
  i learned it last year because they called one on westbrook and he was like `` wtf ? '' . 
  probably he did n't know it too , lol . 
  we know he 's more efficient than curry , but he 's not flashy . 
  not that kind of fan-favorite player . 
  even though i think it 's astounding the way a pg like him can speed into the paint and score layups like only he can do . 
  it 's true , but let 's put aside the fact that right now i think parker is coasting . 
  curry got to cut down his attitude to take awful shots just because he has that sick stroke . 
  plus , his turnover ratio is way beyond acceptable . 
  parker is overall just a smarter player , and a better defender . 
  sorry , but i 'd still rather have him over anyone else on the spurs . 
  curry is great and has still great room to improve . 
  he 's emerging now and people love how he plays , but i do n't think that way is the best possible to win . 
  i did n't downvote you , btw , sorry . 
  i always watched beli , knew had potential , and when he signed for the spurs i thought he was a really really good fit . 
  but damn he 's playing out of his mind . 
  let 's hope he keeps it up until june . 
  kuroky is fucking rolling in these playoffs . 
  great dazzle . 
  i 'm in the shitty 3000 bracket and i support ( 80 % of the time the lonely support ) so nobody fucks it up , except when i do . 
  but at least i buy and place the damn wards instead of picking up dd runes . 
  it really is . 
  coming to think about it , the only times when i see people ganking the mid is . . when i do . 
  3000 bottom bracket . 
  yeah , not in the least . 
  it surely is fun to watch curry drops awful ill-advised threes , but that 's all it is . 
  it 's not a good way to win anything . 
  when i found out i was stunned to . 
  that is so fucking subtly deceiving . 
  thanks, 
  odio means `` i hate '' in italian , still does n't make any sense . 
  or does it ? 
  there will never be nothing above a good and simple dish of pasta with homemade pesto . 
  source : i 'm italian . 
  good answer , also applicable to , like , life . 
  if it 's your teammate , `` choosing your lanes '' does n't work that easily . 
  the lanes have to be optimized looking at everybody 's pick . 
  if i pick nyx and go mid , it 'd be stupid to remain mid even if the late picker gets pudge . 
  so i 'd have to switch . 
  i do n't want to fucking switch and lose exp cause you took your sweet time . 
  are you serious ? 
  i wan na win , i do n't care about dumb holier-than-thou vendettas . 
  and i have better chances to win if pudge goes mid . 
  `` you ca n't change that by getting all . . 
  bendy . '', 
  aldo , dragon tail is melee even in ranged heroes . 
  come on , how is that ripped off ? 
  it 's something that often happens in pubs , it 's not like is such a unique thing to joke about . 
  you have to get better and better , becoming more and more fundamental to your teams ' victories , carrying more and more often the fucking noob feeders you 'll always get and working your way up by winning more than you lose . 
  it sucks . 
  it 's tough . 
  game is hard . 
  improve your skills . 
  you will * slowly * climb the mmr . 
  i do n't mind zyori but i do n't get the choice of putting next to ld a similar type of caster . 
  an experienced player like merlini is way better , he knows a lot more about the game and can add so much to the casting , ld alone covers more than enough the smooth-talking section . 
  i like cd better . 
  cm is good and all for a good team composition , but fuck if it 's not always the same 25 heroes being picked . 
  cd mixes it up a bit while still preventing tard 5 carries lineups . 
  ta is my favorite hero . 
  i feel like deso is totally core on her , it 's the first thing i buy after phase boots . 
  with phase + traps i never feel the need to go blink because i usually catch fleeing supports just the same and melt them . 
  the thing about ta is that her early-mid dmg output is crazy , and if you get some kills it scales better just the same . 
  if you get a desolator by 18-20 minutes in ( which is not that improbable , considering winning mid is pretty easy against almost everyone and you have a considerable ganking ability ) you can snowball pretty hard . 
  after that i usually go either crits or butterfly if i 'm a bit more fed . 
  tobi and ld are both great , but in different ways . 
  i give the edge to tobi because everytime someone picks enigma i get a preventive boner . 
  he was not . 
  he is not the cause of all evils but represents all that is wrong with our country . 
  if you mean he is necessary for your economy , switzerland , you are right . 
  and his answer has been encouraging tax evasion . 
  for the great good of the country . 
  yeah . 
  milan , and nobody voted for him . 
  clearly . 
  now sorry , but after all these years i 'm sick and tired of debating about berlusconi . 
  peace . 
  in pubs he is really good . 
  with the aura you can farm decently , with the crits you can farm the jungle and the ancients in a short time . 
  just go treads , armlet and deso , in teamfight stun a support and walk up to him , 3-shot him . 
  before you are even dead the first time it 's a 4vs5 with the enemies slowed . 
  that 's why i hate playing hard farming carries in pubs .
