  i mean , i 'm starting to really believe that cs developers have no idea about the game they 're `` balancing '' . 
  why would they change shit in such a random way ? 
  the fact that every update is bringing a different glitch/bug in the game is proof that they do n't even test things . 
  i hope they get their shit together or people are gon na run away from cs for real . 
  are you one of those guys who claim that pounds and gallons make more sense than the metric system ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  why ? 
  man i always loved pistol rounds especially as t , now the glock is a fucking piece of garbage . 
  it 's like when you 're watching a movie and your mother enters the room in that precise instant when the only scene which resembles a hungarian porn ( and lasts 12 seconds ) is running . 
  it was just for emphasis purposes , porn industry is big in hungary, 
  that 's a badass surname though , i 'd use that all the time . 
  leshrac was already good before 6.84 , the last buffs and reddit hyping him up at the start of that patch made me aware of what was gon na happen . 
  so yeah , i know that feel . 
  i 've never seen anyone outplay themselves as hard as na'vi this game, 
  one of the weakest around honestly, 
  `` let 's do the same guys , it 's working ! '', 
  just off the top of my head these are the guys that stream eu fpl nearly every day ( that i know of ) :, 
  plus the occasional friberg , get_right , pasha , olofmeister and some other big names . 
  if you wan na watch eu fpl you can find a few streams for virtually every match that is running, 
  man i seriously had a hard time understanding if this whole thing was a joke, 
  i have a little less faith in humanity now, 
  i just see a whole lot of childish idiocy in this video , and i 'm not gon na put the blame on the ( judging by the voice ) emotionally unstable teenager here . 
  great post mate see you at fuck youj, 
  i think top 15 get something, 
  everyone in italy, 
  void every game gg deadgaem gj icefrog see you at fuck youj, 
  i think they went crazy at valve what teh fuck am i reading, 
  everything is broken, 
  i do n't know dota anymore, 
  void is weaver, 
  od is slark, 
  you buy cast and attack range, 
  what have we done, 
  and sand king is tidehunter . 
  what in the fucking fuck, 
  timewalk undoes damage and astral orb steals stats, 
  you know what , you are right , i realized later that i posted in the wrong thread ... 
  i think broodmother is the worst regarding this , but she did n't get destroyed . 
  if you see that hero lastpicked in pubs and your team has no counter you might as well abandon . 
  well , sure . 
  and it surely took a long time to get brood balanced somehow . 
  but you ca n't deny that she 's a draft-breaking hero , if teams forget to ban her they 're in deep shit when she 's lastpicked ( and not countered obv ) . 
  when lastpicked in pubs ? 
  pfff . 
  that shit is straight up unfair . 
  luckily she 's boring enough to not be that popular . 
  i 'm quoting you so much on that . 
  in dm you play against silvers that stand still and it 's too easy to drop 50 and feel accomplished . 
  but i found out recently that many people in community servers just destroy me , and i feel that playing against them can help me in the long run . 
  the sg is overall a superior weapon . 
  the reasons that not many people use it are stigma , habit and skins . 
  if someone else tell you otherwise they 're just biased because of ak sexiness . 
  it infuriates me to no end that you have to write / s or most redditors wo n't understand what the fuck is going on . 
  kappa should be used instead . 
  thanks purge, 
  thank god we 'll see less of that, 
  no hate against the hero , but he has been in e v e r y g a m e for such a long time . 
  real hero, 
  what now , tinker ? 
  rats are back . 
  tell a friend . 
  still hanging onto the eagle dream , but games feel way harder . 
  before the update i was on the verge of ranking to lem but now i 'm matched with a lot of dmgs who are just nuts . 
  it 's not that this game is bad , but starting to play it will most likely not make you one bit happier , trust me . 
  my serious advice is to stay away . 
  it 's very frustrating to learn and your fellow players are the most immature and annoying bunch , especially if you have social anxiety . 
  not in comedic value, 
  thank god no, 
  it 's a fucking shame for all this talent to go to waste , but it was their own complete fault . 
  no , i do n't want them unbanned , you ca n't do these things and keep playing competitively . 
  nothing . 
  it 's just the dumbest comment upvoted to the top . 
  some people just change with age . 
  it seems like my uncle in his younger years was the most stone cold silent motherfucker . 
  but i always knew him as the guy who has always a story to tell and a smile on his face . 
  yeah he 's really strong atm, 
  nice feedback mate real useful see you at fuck youj, 
  [ sometimes it happens , though . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ir6byybw6e8 ), 
  lucky you . . 
  it 's so satisfying to squash weaver . 
  where were you going , you sneaky little asshole ? 
  i should feel lucky then , i 've been a bad boy and got a 7-days ban . 
  6.86 dota has been treating me well so far, 
  seriously . . why should you waste 30-40 minutes of your life by not playing and ruining games for others ? 
  ca n't you just play a normal game , try your best and have fun ? 
  i do n't understand these people . 
  this is what happens when us players queue on eu, 
  i gather you 've never been to italy , dear . 
  it 's amazing how so many people are in love with the bizon . 
  what is armor anyway, 
  goddamn it richard, 
  word . 
  i was dumbfounded that people needed a guide to figure out necrophos ancients . 
  it was literally written in the patch notes . 
  fuck dust2 , it 's the dumbest map ever conceived, 
  i know it 's balanced and well-liked since it 's by far the most played map . 
  but it 's so vanilla in its concept . 
  in the end it all comes down to holding corners with awps ( the more the better ) . 
  this is how i feel about dota .
