  fucking scottish colonials, 
  the unemployment is that high because of the black and grey market , that are n't recorded in the official statistics . 
  in reality , 50 % are n't unemployed . 
  remember they have higher fertility rates , so you should expect that number rising to approximately 4 million , thus taking over ireland . 
  yeah , i guarantee nearly everyone thinks there are tens of thousands falklanders , in reality the population is almost insignificant in the grand scheme of things . 
  it is an easy argument to make though , that the population should decide . 
  you 're right , but saying something like this shows the type of person he is , and people wo n't support a party if they see the leader as somebody who believes in stupid things like this . 
   no one gives a toss about it apart from the people who live there and the offshore oil & gas explorers patriots care very much about our overseas territories , i 'm not one of them , but still . 
  also many are from north africa and are escaping nothing, 
  i do n't think he was too wrong about the middle east airstrikes , it was a valid point , but things like this are just terrible . 
  appropriate name, 
  he puts hard work in to some messages such as renationalising the railways , and then throws it all away by saying something like this, 
  even when they have all the scandals such as reducing flood budgets , attempting to cut tax credits and ripping off doctors , they have still secured the next election . 
  amazing what corbyn , and labour , has done, 
  there is also the argument that the islands are ours because we own them , it 's that simple . 
  mmm , yes this is common throughout europe, 
  i was only joking , do n't worry , 
  only british people have the right to shit on our country !, 
  oh shit they are n't ? 
  i thought they always were , damn, 
  why is it rare to be patriotic in slovenia ? 
   assume they are libyan and drop them off on the coast there it 's amazing how you think this is a sensible solution, 
  that 's the exact point i was making, 
  yes , you can . 
  is this seriously you type of shit news you hear in finland or online ? 
  just wondering , because finland is obviously very different demographically . 
  yes , you can . 
  is this seriously you type of shit news you hear in finland or online ? 
  just wondering , because finland is obviously very different demographically . 
  poles in the uk are much more spread out , so they have n't quite captured any cities yet, 
  no atrocities are taught in schools , or at least nobody i have ever spoken to has been taught about them . 
  i think the number would be different if most brits were aware of the atrocities we committed . 
  events such as the bengal famine were only about 70 years ago , killing 1.5-4 million people . 
  he is n't a communist by any means , but your point remains valid, 
   majority of labour party supporters majority of labour party * members * who voted . 
  members only represent a small portion of people who actually support labour . 
  what makes it worse is that it is so fucking easy right now to attack the tories , yet they are still not losing support . 
  if labour ca n't gain support while the junior doctor scandals are going on , and the flooding after having our flood defence budget reduced , when is he gon na gain support . 
  fair point , but the cultural conflicts that happen in the west are exaggerated , which is why we also perform well in the report ( as does canada ) despite being very multicultural . 
  it 's simply a lack of knowledge and ignorance . 
  people see things in the media that are hyperbole and believe it . 
  some people on this sub genuinely believe all of sweden is in complete chaos because of muslims, 
  yeah i know , and it 's a good thing, 
  hahaha this so perfect , could not word it any better, 
  i see the irony , but you are implying that poland is safe because jews and other ethnicites are no longer there , which i do n't think is true . 
  true , but a lot is also cultural , particularly in japan . 
  most sensible option , pissing the off and creating an enemy will be disastrous for both europe and turkey . 
  i love to see how different their opinions would be if it was their country in a complete crisis , and people were arguing not to help because ` logic ' . 
   because they are fucking refugees . 
  you ca n't fucking send them back to a country where there is a full blown war going on . 
  that 's inhumane , and fucked up . 
  europe should be better than that . 
  haha , you think that , but you would be surprised how little empathy people on this sub show , and people in general show . 
  i think ( hope ) sensible people know that it is n't true , if he wanted to see europe burn , he would let the 3 million refugees go straight to europe . 
  careful what you say on this sub , anything anti-poland gets downvoted to shit, 
  also , sanctioning them with 100 % make them let all the refugees move on to europe , as they definitely wo n't be able to afford them then . 
  if anything we should be thanking them to hosting refugees , and funding them to keep them . 
  we should n't be bullied by them , but making an enemy with them is very stupid . 
  ` looking ' . 
  from the outside , it probably looks terrible , only hearing about the worst things , this same situation is why western europeans think eastern europe is dangerous , they get all their knowledge from the media . 
  not saying multiculturalism is great or anything , but there 's nothing wrong with it if you are sensible , like in canada or australia . 
  i actually feel sorry for swedes on this sub , not surprising there seem to be fewer of them now , they just get bullied , funny though, 
  i think it it 's just a shock to some people , but it 's not really surprising . 
  poverty or poorer economic levels are associated with crime , so it 's natural that people assume that because a region is generally poorer ( eastern europe ) , it 's also more dangerous . 
  also there comes the lack of exposure , western europeans often only hear about the bad things in eastern europe such as crime , just like how many eastern europeans seem to think western europe is flooded with muslims imposing sharia law . 
  basically just a lack of real knowledge from both sides, 
  the income disparity is n't actually that low in japan , and it 's getting worse in poland . 
  thank them for getting rid of all your jews ? 
  really ? 
  that 's true , also good to hear about hull turning it around, 
  most of our homogeneous cities like hull are shitholes, 
  i think his beard is enough to justify his actions in the congo, 
  the question never actually said the person had to be from your country , just the worst person in your country 's history . 
  that 's how i interpreted it anyway , maybe i 'm wrong, 
  answer is still valid, 
  because of every single thread in the past 12 months, 
  i respect your opinion , but i do n't think that will be the case . 
  i think the most likely case will be the muslims simply choosing which of the current mainstream parties suit them best . 
  most likely ones that are generous towards them ( not anti-immigration or anti-islam ) . 
  explains why / r/europe is all of a sudden very pro-israel , it was n't a year ago, 
  again , you do n't understand the history of the conflict , as i expected on / r/europe, 
  suicide rates of countries are often cultural , not really due to economics . 
  japan and south korea have high suicide rates due to the work culture , greenland ( and i presume finland and lithuania ) due to alcoholism, 
  the problem is that most of these parties and supporters hate both, 
  israel are n't the bad guys because they are richer , they are the bad guys because of the history of the conflict , if you studied it and did n't just make assumptions , you would understand, 
  poland 's population is also expected to drop over the next few years and decades , same with most of eastern europe . 
  not sure what you are laughing at, 
   the thing is these politicians and/or their voters think schengen expanding here means floodgates of gypsies i think this true , and it 's pretty shocking that blatant stereotyping is influencing decisions . 
  there is almost no logical reason why romania should n't be allowed to join schengen , and it 's unfair, 
  one of the reasons why i was skeptic about leaving the eu were the consequences on manufacturers like toyota . 
  i 'm still probably on the pro-eu side , but i 'm sitting on the fence right now, 
  so therefore those that the snp do represent are all loopy nationalists then . 
  one way to insult those with different opinions . 
  voting snp does n't make you a ` loopy nationalist ' . 
  snp just reflects the scottish opinion more than the other parties . 
  why would scottish people vote anyone else , when no other parties care about them ? 
  i 'm not scottish btw, 
  very true , muslim americans are like our indian immigrants . 
  very well educated , often in the top jobs which of course means they will integrate better . 
  same here with indians , you never here about them in the news , and if you do it 's only positive,
