   it 's politically far more right-wing ( social values , economic policy , immigration , muslims , etc. . . ) than the rest of europe source ? 
  we are far less socially conservative than central and eastern europe when it comes to social values . 
  also are you saying we are anti-muslim ? 
  or the other way around ? 
  i know , but they are eu member countries who are more likely to need military support and whatever than the uk is . 
  the uk is far less likely to be in need of support than eastern european countries . 
  although in reality i do n't think either will need support from each other . 
  labour is n't even opposing this shit , that 's the sad thing . 
  york should be the capital, 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's rounded down obviously , but i genuinely believe it is less than 0.1 % . 
  i actually ca n't believe some western/northern european countries are not 0 % . 
   uk left because uk should n't have been part of the eu . 
  guess i agree , it was only a matter of time before the uk would end up leaving . 
   uk simply can not stand being part of something it did not help create . 
  it did not help create and it did not help lead . 
  uk failed in the eu and as such it left . 
  this has just been pulled straight out of your ass . 
  no , if there 's one thing i 've learned on this sub , it 's that nothing is ever the eu 's fault . 
  britain leaving apparently has nothing to do with the eu , it 's just us being stupid/racist . 
  they only call us that because they can not fathom the possibility that the eu has major faults . 
  most brits probably ca n't either . 
  particularly with nigel farage , one of his biggest allies during the campaign . 
  and someone who goes on / r/the _ donald quite a bit and had a look at / r/le _ pen , it 's embarrassing and cringey . 
  we have n't left yet , google are obviously stupid and have no idea how bad brexit really is . 
  something like this probably . 
  i disagree , i think trump will surprise people and do very well, 
  i go on / r/the _ donald and i agree , it 's pathetic . 
  italy is just something else when it comes to beauty, 
  i guess this is the same as him not caring about catalonia or kurdistan and is a separate issue . 
  basically he opposes the influence of international organisations such as the eu , which weaken the power of the nation-state . 
  i am not nigel farage so i can not read his mind , but this view is common among anti-globalists . 
  ideology i guess , he 's a nationalist . 
  he 's also worked in the eu for 20 years and he hates it so that might be another reason . 
  in my opinion , i think he will choose the british side . 
  he is very much an anglophile , he obviously wo n't be anti-eu like farage , but just neutral with the eu i guess . 
  it has nothing to do with the uk , he just does n't like the eu and wants nations to be independent and sovereign . 
  he wants a world on independent nation-states , it 's that simple . 
  edit : not sure why i 'm being downvoted , this is literally the reason . 
  completely different , the eu is n't a country . 
  he does n't want to go to spain and help catalonia leave . 
  people refuse to accept that turkey actually has power in this situation and that they can just be bullied without consequences . 
  yup , whether the eu likes it not , turkey has a lot of power here . 
  they are under no obligation to keep millions of refugees in their country . 
  they can easily just say , ` off to go to europe ' . 
  literally hitler, 
  interesting that eurosceptism seems to be more popular with the young in france and other european countries , completely the opposite in the uk . 
  so true . 
  people here think they brits want free movement so we can also move around . 
  in reality , only some of the middle-class and above have the desire to move around europe , working-class brits are not interested in it at all . 
  it always seems to be the working-class who get shafted by globalism and the left , even if they are not trying to shaft them . 
  absolutely , i tried telling people this before . 
  even if you do n't like trump , he is far more pro-uk than obama/hillary , and he is even pro-brexit to boot . 
  find me a picture that triggers more lefties than this one , i dare you . 
  good point, 
  it has . 
  but i 'm talking about this sub and reddit in general . 
  this thread could easily be confused with an antifa forum . 
  it 's the biggest shock i 've had on this sub , honestly . 
  usually people are liberal . 
  this thread is straight-up fascism . 
  i ca n't emphasise the fucking irony , while they are claiming to hate fascism . 
  not triggered , or a trump supporter , but i am a bit shocked how much anti-nazis love fascism . 
  although this guy might not be a nazi . 
  doing the nazi salute does n't make you a nazi , it just makes you an idiot if you do it in public . 
  the irony when anti-fascists support fascist ideas about law and order . 
  just beat people up . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  erm , you know this map is of the 18th century ? 
  it happens to anyone they deem shifty , i 've had people watch me because i was wearing trackies and a hoody , and had the typical hairstyle . 
  same in the uk . 
  yeah , we include scandinavia when we say europe or mainland europe . 
  we do n't see you as separate . 
  we 've got enough of em , both english and polish chavs . 
  most brits view finland the same way they view sweden and norway , nobody considers it to be eastern european . 
  also vietnamese have the highest , or one of the highest , crime rates in the country . 
  because of this problem with drugs and trafficking . 
  this just looks like the most desperate way to not offend eastern europeans . 
  new zealand are doing just fine, 
  you talk about anti-intellectualism , but then equate professional doctors with economists . 
  why for the first or second point ? 
  it 's completely the opposite . 
  at least in the uk , women are encouraged specifically to go into stem fields . 
  the problem is that most of them do n't want to . 
  you are talking completely out your arse . 
  not really . 
  but i would say it is partly the reason why all young people are left-wing . 
  richest , as in the ruler was the richest . 
  ordinary people were just as poor as any other civilisation , likely much poorer . 
  maybe just feed up of the same shit every day , i dunno . 
  ` what happens when politicians and experts ignore society ? ', 
  this explains it better . 
  because we did n't listen to the imf who predicted an immediate recession . 
  no study done on intelligence , only education . 
  i wish we spent more . 
  he definitely is n't british, 
  apparently he 's south african, 
  they 're bad , but gypsies are still worse . 
  as well as a culture of anti-intellectualism . 
  certainly room for improvement in our working-class culture .
