  yup , and they are stilling getting quotas into fields such as stem, 
  barca would n't stand a chance against the mighty leicester, 
  what about the bengal famine in 1943 , surely britain had some ethics then ? 
  i took a level history 2 years ago for 2 years . 
  we did the holocaust , the cold war , and the tudors . 
  that 's true , but the british empire is a significant one . 
  we learn about the tudors and the victorians , but never the bad things . 
  i agree , but still wrong nonetheless . 
  it 's called history . 
  do you also think germans should never be taught about the holocaust , or japanese about ww2 ? 
  is n't sns far-right too ? 
  any others ? 
  lucky you , not one person i know has been taught about atrocities of the british empire in school . 
  i do n't because we are n't taught about these things . 
  here we see the result of no teaching in schools of any atrocities by the empire . 
  anything to pause the spam of muslim/refugee threads, 
  good question , i have no answer , perhaps i just do n't like the look of it, 
  in my lifetime , i actually hope to see scotland , wales and northern ireland 's independence . 
  and this is from an englishman . 
  for an american president , i would say he is definitely the opposite . 
  especially when you look at american foreign policy over the last decades . 
  the only relevant one . 
  do they really though ? 
  even if sanders was the president of the usa , it would still be more capitalist than any european country . 
  we know that feel , our ` majority ' party got 37 % of the vote . 
  yeah i said to another guy i did n't realise , i assumed he got the majority , my bad . 
  my bad , i assumed he got the majority of votes . 
  but most turks support him , not everyone in the world wants a western liberal democracy , some prefer more authoritarian governments . 
  thought this would be pretty obvious, 
  also never knew the only reason why the ` far-right ' exists is because of the current ` far-left ' . 
  i actually feel sorry for swedes , every time i see one make a comment , somebody just takes the piss out of having muslims in the country . 
  brits always think everything is about them, 
  it 's shit in the east midlands, 
  thanks , i sometimes forget about regions outside the mainland, 
  what areas of france cause them to reach the bottom ? 
  everyone 's a refugee, 
  no offense , but it 's easier when you are poland and not one of the western european countries , who have net migrations of hundreds of thousands , just from the eu . 
  although most ukrainians in poland are n't actually refugees and are from western ukraine . 
  then again , the same could be said for the million ` refugees ' in germany . 
  what do you mean by the ` entire middle east ' and why ? 
  and he even admitted to being neutral , so he hates 50 % of himself . 
  they do it for anything though , anything to delay the opposition in speaking, 
  at least i never learned about homosexuality in school , and i 'm only 19 , most of these muslims i know are mid-twenties , and probably went to schools that were predominantly muslim . 
   they have learned that people are born the way they are but yet , refuse to accept it . 
  they have not learned this , not even white british people have learned this in my experience . 
  by same logic most homophobic christians are n't homophobic , just christian . 
  does n't surprise me , most muslims i know are good people , yet all are still against homosexuality . 
  this obviously is n't unique to muslims though . 
  seems legit, 
  love you too, 
  we have the same problem , although they are n't roma gypsies , they are irish . 
  this guy does n't give a shit, 
  well this is a little harsh, 
  does n't matter , the conservatives will win , regardless of their leader, 
  this is what annoys , people see him in funny clips and rugby tackling some german , and do n't realise he is actually a cunt , a dangerous cunt . 
  it 's not like the eu will get destroyed by the uk wanting to reform it a little, 
  neither is denmark, 
  he does n't mind saying it because he was against the invasion of iraq in the first place . 
  and poland , they love poland, 
  unlike our pm right ? 
  i think ( hope ) that people tend to be louder when angry , and silent when satisfied . 
  they say a country advances every time a generation dies out, 
  i would gladly accept you into the eu in this case . 
  i feel like this is true for larger countries like the uk , usa , germany ... countries without this ` community ' feel . 
  every man for them-self mentality . 
  it 's normal to hate the odd ones out or those that are different, 
  this is making me stay . 
  seriously though , i like the eu because it blocks the extremely shitty stuff our government try to do . 
  apart of the deal , is that the uk does n't have to be included in the ` ever closer union ' changes . 
  i know we are very much against more integration , particularly a federalised europe , but then again so are the nordic countries . 
  also the same rule applies to our last general election , no one predicted a tory majority . 
  pretty similarly , the eurovision song context might actually have some significance for the uk ( gib points ) . 
  eu members are not the ones who have ` destroyed communities ', 
  nearly everyone here is saying it is completely insignificant , i was pleasantly surprised . 
  brain drain ? 
  ageing population ? 
  white people are not minorities in america ( unless you mean the continents ) . 
  less is better , but not when most of your population will be over 50 years old . 
  like the other two brits said , our green and pleasant land will remain pretty much the same . 
  most of the population growth will be on extensions of the current larger cities . 
  i think you 're right but it 's also important to note that this will only apply to the cities and a few random areas . 
  culture in most towns will remain the same , but it will definitely be more cosmopolitan in many of the cities ( not all though , some larger cities are still 99 % white british ) . 
  but seriously though , because it 's the children , i do n't think people have noticed it yet . 
  like he said at the moment , 12 % of the country are immigrants , which is n't a lot ( for a country like the uk at least ) . 
  yeah i 'm not sure where he got that from, 
  i think we might need some of them, 
  depends , most poor countries rely on agriculture , and agricultural work often requires much children when you are poor . 
  even in poor african countries , fertility rates drop massively in urban areas . 
  speaking of which , ukraine 's population projection ... terrifying . 
  germany 's fertility rate is much lower than the uk 's . 
  our native population have more children than germany 's native population , not sure about immigrants . 
  also right now germany has a much older population , so fewer women to have babies compared to the uk . 
  i 'm very surprised an happy to be honest , i do n't think anyone expected anything at all . 
  it still is n't a lot , but it 's something , and is surprising that all the countries reached a deal . 
  i 'm surprised , it is a good deal for the uk . 
  your point about greece getting fucked , it 's harsh , but this is just the difference between a rich country and a poorer one ( no offense ) . 
  you 're right that it is n't a great display of solidarity , considering how greece was treated so differently . 
  i do n't think the uk will ever be for an integrated europe , i think this suits us best . 
  staying in the eu , but being very much separate from everyone else . 
  if the eu plans to move towards a federal europe , i ca n't see us being in that plan .
