  only got your country to blame, 
  we are glad for immigrants , but there 's a limit . 
  it 's hard to adapt your when you have 500,000 immigrants every year and 200,000 leaving . 
  our population density is fine , just more than most other countries . 
  almost all of our land is still green and nice , do n't worry . 
  i 'm just saying it 's hypocritical of poles on this sub who say muslims should n't get offended by anything , but they themselves get offended by phrasing that was n't trying to imply anything . 
  prison for you , it 's now banned for you to mention the british role in the middle east and afghanistan . 
  fair point , but they did play a massive part in the death toll, 
  largely due to your large jewish population, 
  1/5th of your country were n't killed for being slavs though , it was mainly because of your large jewish population . 
  poles get so annoyed when muslims get offended for their recent magazines , yet get so offended themselves for phrasing like this . 
  not quite , considering it is in poland, 
  also harsh of afghanistan , who have essentially succeeded in defending itself against russians and americans . 
  downvoted for voicing your opinion , by the same people who say their is nothing wrong with this magazine because of freedom of speech . 
  hypocrisy at its finest, 
  obviously satirical, 
  yes , he thinks it 's hilarious , did n't face jail time or anything, 
  people can be arrested for simply insulting people , my black friend got arrested for calling stan collymore ( black footballer ) a black cunt , not common but a funny story . 
  do n't know many other western countries where people are arrested for tweets , and nobody is surprised . 
  the whole uk *, 
  we still obviously used to have very famous industrial cities though , that previously would have probably made this map . 
  do you mind telling me what it was ? 
  he deleted it, 
  fair point , i thought it was more than 92 , but you 're right that it is probably too many . 
  probably wo n't happen , just like most of those in the house of lords are from hereditary positions . 
  you 're taking me way too seriously , jesus christ , i 'm just saying that most people do n't want to lose territory in their country . 
  it 's a good comparison in that 's normal for citizens to not want to lose some of their country/territory . 
  also , england was very against scottish independence , what country wants to become smaller and lose power ? 
  albania ? 
  same for us, 
  it 's understandable that you are against an independent kurdistan , just like spain is against an independent catalonia , and england against an independent scotland . 
  you mean mexico ? 
  in terms of people and culture , i think we are very similar , we seem to share a good sense of humour . 
  everybody here loves canada , but i think of australia as more of a brother, 
  i 've found armenians and georgians to be very nice as well , maybe it 's just that area . 
  probably assumes you are completely different because of religion, 
  it seems like they were the first recognise half of the european countries , good guy iceland, 
  yeah , it 's usually richer people in the countryside here, 
  you posted a fact that proves my point , and yet you still argue against it, 
  that 's true , they are still very traditional in their views, 
  yeah i know , but op called him a frenchie , so i just carried it on . 
  i see . 
  my bad . 
  yeah poland is nowhere near as bad as ukraine and russia , who are roughly the same imo . 
  seems like it often correlates with development , ukraine is still very poor which may be why they are so intolerant ( even more than russians ) . 
  actually ukraine opposes gay marriage more strongly than russia does , of course this does n't mean they are more homophobic , but it 's an interesting fact . 
  well they do n't bomb them or support terrorist groups , so there 's that, 
  do n't forget us, 
  yeah , everyone knows that if he 's french he 's smug . 
  so true it 's funny, 
  and thus leave their families and everything that is important to them ... it is n't easy . 
  they are , but it 's often not the polish , it 's people from other countries who love poland for some reason , and will always defend them . 
  there actually seems to be this eastern european coalition on this sub . 
  many europeans are actually moving to south america now , perhaps due to high unemployment rates in spain/italy , i 'm not sure . 
  only on / r/europe is it seriously widely accepted that hitler was left-wing , amazing . 
  you got downvoted because it goes against this sub 's narrative , i have never seen a comment shedding poland in a bad light without it being downvoted to shit . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  remember this is / r/europe, 
  second highest comment , this is what / r/europe has become , really is fucking hilarious . 
  nearly everyone on this sub seems to think closing borders and leaving the problem right on our doorstep will make the problem go away . 
  i ca n't even begin to understand this guy 's logic regarding his proposal of sanctioning turkey . 
  because in most cases it is , there 's a reason why nationalism is n't the same as patriotism . 
  yes i did , my bad, 
  i do agree , but political correctness means that the most extreme of views in terms of racism are not shown to everyone on national television etc. 
  at its core at least, 
  he will probably be upvoted on this sub, 
  lol . 
  where the fuck have you read this ? 
  i 'm seriously terrified at where you get your information . 
  which will also allow blatant racism to exist , remember what political correctness actually means . 
  of course too much is a problem , but it is important that it exists . 
  yeah , western countries should learn and also stick to stereotypes, 
  do n't know , i 'm not defending it by the way , this is just what has been said over the last few weeks . 
  of course it 's not , they 've just calculated that based on how much money a person receives and contributes , # 35k is the point where they have a net contribution of # 0 . 
  ( supposedly ) . 
  all this means is less people migrating here who earn less than # 35k , not necessarily more people migrating here who earn more . 
  i 'm fairly certain # 35k is the point between becoming a net contributor and a net recipient . 
  so this law basically means that all non-eu migrants will be contributors . 
  aww stop that !, 
  ca n't tell yet , look tomorrow at see which are the most upvoted , i think most will be against it, 
  sanctions for not hosting 3 million refugees themselves ? 
  do n't think so , in that case all european countries except sweden and germany should face sanctions, 
  it 's pretty hilarious the arguments i 'm reading . 
  they just need to accept that whether you like it or not , the crisis wo n't go away if do n't help the countries hosting the refugees that would n't mind going to europe . 
  but this does n't solve the crisis . 
  there will still be millions of refugees with no home because no countries will be able to hold them , which is why funding turkey and lebanon is better, 
  i admire your courage , but people on this sub are n't interested in the truth and reality . 
  you 're right , but no one will accept this on this sub, 
  this is the problem with your thinking , you do n't care about the crisis , you only care about how many manage to get into hungary . 
  this is n't a solution , the problem will be at your doorstep forever if all countries thought like this, 
  why , they are not being forced to carry 3 million refugees , if they ca n't handle it , it 's not illegal for them to simple let them travel to europe, 
  yeah we have a lot of turkish cypriots , which are very integrated , thankfully . 
  that 's true , but the bible and the quran are very similar , often with similar messages . 
  the difference is that most christians do n't follow the bible as much as muslims follow the quran . 
  i assumed that holocaust memorial day remember everyone , if you 're correct it 's a shame that is n't the case . 
  hahaha , you must be new here . 
  i do n't know how common this view is in the real world ( in lithuania and eastern europe ) , but i hope it is n't . 
  just this sub who prioritise nationalism over anything, 
  in that case the only solution is to reform islam , just like what christianity had to do for hundreds of years . 
  the 2 religions are inherently incredibly similar , christianity has just been reformed more over the years .
