  he 's hated because he made his fortune out of destabilising other countries and being a total cunt , even by billionaire standards . 
  fellow jews hate him even more than other people do . 
   she 's more canadian than bulgarian . 
  you probably just triggered the entire bulgarian population . 
  where do most hungarians want to move to ? 
  i do n't think too many have come to the uk . 
  nope , it was n't . 
  you only think that because you think reducing immigration = racism . 
  i do n't like to say this , but you are honestly an idiot . 
  it 's hilarious how people do n't see this . 
  the average indian immigrant here is much more educated and well-off than the average pole . 
  that is n't because india is wealthier than poland , it 's because we can actually decide which ones can migrate here . 
  yep , it 's definitely racist to control immigration and control your borders . 
  it 's just so racist . 
   but all campaign of leave was for `` deport immigrants '' . 
  source ? 
   all the leave campaign was about how eu is so evil with uk and ee people are bad !, 
  source ? 
   you want deny that racism was n't a big factor in the leave victory ? 
  yes . 
  he has stated many times that he prefers bilateral trade deals over multilateral trade deals , so you may be correct . 
  ca n't disarray the may, 
  nope , just half the people at / r/unitedkingdom . 
  they are not representative of remainers , just far-left uni students . 
  pretty much yeah, 
   is the default british sub also a britain hate fest yes . 
  one of the reasons why it has so few subscribers despite brits being one of the largest national groups on reddit . 
  that sub is far worse than this sub is . 
  even on / r/europe there are a few brexiters like myself , there is n't one on / r/unitedkingdom . 
  anyone who is n't left-wing has moved to / r/ukpolitics , which has made / r/unitedkingdom even more of an echo chamber . 
  i think germany will always be the leader of the eu , france would probably need 100 years to catch up to germany 's gdp , even if their population is decreasing . 
  would n't surprise me , our population is growing and japan 's ( current # 3 ) is decreasing . 
   no , but it 's dominated by the uk press , and the uk press is dominated by brexit stories . 
  okay , so why are all the articles so one-sided ? 
  do n't lie to yourself buddy , you know it 's just a britain hate fest . 
  oh thank god . 
  you are often on / r/ukpolitics and have a flair there and everything , you must just love the uk that much . 
  find it funny how you insulted me for my english skills , even when i 'm a native english speaker and you are not . 
  takes a serious level of arrogance and delusion for someone to do that . 
  it is sad and embarrassing for british people that you particularly are british , although you will no doubt be leaving the country when you can so it 's not too bad . 
  i was n't lying , i did some research but could find nothing saying that they revised their estimates due to a prediction that cameron would invoke article 50 immediately . 
  lmao , you really are quite the meme . 
  also i just realised you are british , that really is sad and embarrassing . 
  mate , i 'm getting enough hate and salt for even saying this . 
  if i said that then i would get 50 downvotes and abused . 
  no idea what you just said , and after seeing your other comments in this thread , i 'm not even gon na try . 
  and there are many great people in our country who are happy to be leaving . 
  it 's not odd when all major institutions like the world bank and imf said our gdp growth would decrease by the end of 2016 . 
  they 've had to revise their estimates because the uk economy has done better than they expected following the vote . 
  agreed , the growth is n't because of brexit , but what 's important is that we are maintaining this growth despite predictions that we would not . 
  well he is n't british , so he 's hardly your average brexiter . 
  agreed , even as a brexiter it annoys me when half the comments are about the post being downvoted etc. 
   the english , but not the irish or scots , felt so urgent a need to express it that they threw reason and practicality to the winds conveniently does n't mention the welsh who voted to leave , and they are basically the opposite of everything he described the english as . 
  burqas are so rare that it is pointless discussing burqas exclusively , we should be discussing the niqab since that is far more common . 
  a lot of people have come over from / r/unitedkingdom since the referendum , the prominent ukip voters are still vocal though . 
  agreed , but that guy is acting like / r/ukpolitics is as pro-brexit as / r/unitedkingdom is pro-remain . 
  most of the people at / r/ukpolitics are remainers . 
  about 2/3 are iirc from the survey a few weeks ago . 
  you are indeed correct , i thought it was slightly decreasing over the last few years . 
  and immigration from outside the eu is decreasing . 
  a big portion of them are international students , who are n't really your typical immigrant . 
  you 're living in fantasy land . 
  yep , i think a big part of the decision was whether or not you believed the eu could be reformed for the better . 
  i did n't think it could , and i felt like the eu was moving in the wrong direction instead of the right direction . 
  remember there is the middle east, 
  quality straw man , mate . 
  thanks for the downvote , and conveniently ignoring the actual valid part of my comment . 
  and i have never heard anyone say such a thing , so based on that , i can make a valid conclusion that everybody was perfectly informed . 
  it benefits us because they will spend all their retirement money here instead of spain , but hurts us because like the other guy said , they are old , no longer work , and require more healthcare on average . 
   if there is no demand for a `` lithuanian builder '' or a `` polish plumber '' the 'll just stop coming because there 'll be no jobs for them . 
  the reason why there are jobs for them is because they work for so cheap . 
  i have many friends who work as electricians and plumbers and they all say that the increase competition from eastern europeans has severely undercut wages and the success of their company . 
  they also say that they often do a shit job and never care about health and safety , but that 's a different issue . 
  sure the average person might be happier because they can get their sink fixed for a tiny bit cheaper , but the actual workers have been fucked over . 
  why are romanians always the saltiest on this sub ? 
  and elves, 
  similarly south korea and japan have high gdps and annual wages , but it 's because they just work so much more than the average european . 
  well , whichever you look at it , the new polish competition has only made her business less successful and made her life harder . 
  it is good for the other locals who can buy cheaper products now , but it 's obviously not good for her . 
  / r/europe genuinely believe that . 
  they seem to think that poles in the uk are all highly educated and well-off , that is only the case for the minority . 
  many poles have migrated to poorer towns across the country and are in gangs and are basically chavs . 
  overall poles here are hard-working people who have integrated fairly well , but there are still some who have exploited the lack of requirements to move around the eu and do nothing but cause trouble in the uk . 
  15 % of brits identify themselves as european in some way ( may consider themselves british 1st , european 2nd etc ) . 
  most brits would say they are british 1st , english 2nd or vice versa , european rarely even comes into it . 
   the whole ` trump got elected because russia ' is probably one of the greatest lies that people are telling themselves right now . 
  100 % agree . 
  it 's just straight up denial , it 's hilarious . 
  you 'd think brexit , trump and the rise of the far-right in europe would be a wake-up call , nope . 
  interesting how everybody on this sub loves scotland and wants them to be independent , but it 's the opposite for catalonia . 
  same with calling islamic extremists ` animals ' or ` not human ' etc. 
  they want to create this narrative that these are all psychopaths and we would never be capable of doing similar things . 
  well there are as many asians in leicester as there are white british . 
  this is a city of over 300,000 people . 
  ethnic minorities are migration to the cities , and white people are leaving them . 
  young people here are very left-wing and pro-eu , same thing across the entire anglosphere ( young people being left-wing ) . 
  young people here at least are taught to be left-wing , things like patriotism and conservatism are frowned upon . 
  yes , just like leaving the eu , after having a referendum to join it a few decades ago . 
  people are in denial though and will never accept any negatives that their beloved eu/echr has . 
  did n't you know the tories are as bad as erdogan and putin ?
