  not the only list, 
  [ so do isis tbf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nin6ciw1ws ), 
  thought i 'd post this since most people here seem to think that everyone in northern ireland identifies with the roi rather than the uk . 
  would be cool to see similar maps of other places , like catalonia ? 
   edit : [ the percentage of respondents who gave `` cornish '' as an answer to the national identity question in the 2011 census . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:cornish_national_identity_2011_census.png ), 
   are you all rich or what ? 
  yes . 
  what poor europeans go on english-language sites like reddit to discuss politics ? 
  the most hilarious thing about this sub is how much people love downvoting . 
  especially when you get like -20 karma without one person even replying to you, 
  they ? 
  a few idiots you mean . 
  the overwhelming majority of brits like poles and see them as hard-working , even if some stereotype them for working lower-class jobs etc. 
   free movement within europe does not mean that you have to reject australians or indians if we 're being pragmatic , it kind of means you do , of course not all , but more than you would if you did n't have free movement with another region . 
  we all know there is a realistic limit to how many people we can let in . 
   note : the issue here is not the amount of people who come , but who comes . 
  the amount does n't help though , when there are hundreds of areas where an ethnic minority is now a majority , the need for integration and assimilation is much lower . 
  it 's not that difficult for some people to go the whole day without speaking a word of english . 
  some people might not have a problem with that , but i would probably be lying if i said i did n't . 
   with british gals i always have to use my jedi mind reading skills . 
   so true . 
  even when they argue with you they do n't tell you what the problem is . 
  do n't agree with all of that , but thanks man  edit : i love how i get downvoted on every single comment in this sub , the bitterness is incredible , 
  perhaps this is why we are bringing jousting back ? 
  i 've watched full metal jousting before , the only dangers is having a really bad , awkward landing if you fall off the horse . 
  i do n't think it would be the most dangerous sport in the olympics . 
  all about preference , some like nordic women , some like slavic , i actually like spanish and italian . 
  i like polish women they 're just a bit intimidating when pissed off . 
  we do n't need the eu to protect us , you ca n't seriously think we do ? 
  if there is one thing we do n't need the eu for , it 's military . 
  yes !, 
  for the horses or people ? 
  they will wear a shit tonne of armour, 
  holy shit . 
  i want these in the olympics so badly . 
  somehow i doubt this helps the heritage argument, 
  this is amazing , seems like such a patriotic sport . 
  they all look like dwarfs with that heavy armour on . 
  `` and that pole ... has got a problem '', 
  true , most of these sports have probably been around for over a thousand years . 
  however , we at least created the modern version of those sports . 
  are you my mother ? 
  anybody reasonable knows this , it 's just going against the european 's narrative since they have no idea about any british parties . 
   it 's not the first time ukip representatives make outrageous comments , but they never get sacked i never thought i 'd be defending ukip , but you are wrong here . 
  practically every single time one of them made an outrageous comment , they were sacked/removed . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  i remember dozens of reports coming out about ukip members and councillors being removed last year . 
  ukip have 1 seat in parliament and have never polled above 20 % , they currently have less than afd . 
  even more people listen to the sweden democrats because were once polling higher than any other party this year . 
  you are simply wrong . 
  my point stands , compare the anti-immigration parties in france , germany , sweden , austria , denmark with ukip . 
  do n't even get me started on anti-immigration parties in eastern europe , where you have literal neo-nazi parties like in slovakia and greece . 
  lol . 
  okay i 'm really sorry mate , but that is such a wild , generalising statement . 
  the only reason the think that is the case is because the only things you hear about ukip are stories like the one in this thread . 
  just read your flair , definitely not bias at all . 
  ukip are not racist . 
  nobody who knows what they are talking will claim they are . 
  our conservative party are no longer conservative , so i guess people who are actually socially conservative . 
  almost every mainstream anti-immigration party across europe is far worse than ukip . 
  i 'm very grateful for that fact actually . 
  ukip are n't even a far-right party . 
  what if , just what if , some people do n't care about the economy taking a hit after brexit ? 
  or whether some researchers are losing grants ? 
  has his been lost in translation this entire thread ? 
  i 'm not saying they are correct , i am saying that is what they believe . 
  we are talking entirely about opinions . 
  what i said is 100 % correct . 
  he edited his comment after i typed that, 
  haha , i 'll let you have that one, 
  it really shows your ignorance when after months of constant official debates on brexit , this is all you think the other side believe . 
  get out your bubble and be a little more open-minded . 
  why are you telling me this ? 
  mate , i said this is what they say , which is indeed what they say . 
  people like you really are clueless and it 's easy to tell . 
  you think the working-class should bend over to their masters every time , you want to them to shut up and stop complaining . 
  they 've had enough of being ignored for the past decades . 
  perhaps a lot are stupid , but that 's the great thing about democracy , stupid people have the right to put their interests forwards too . 
  their happiness is as important as anyone else 's . 
  we 've been talking about it for months mate . 
  they wanted to control eu immigration , wanted to decide our own laws ... you 've heard it all before . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted for just saying what they have been saying ? 
  i never said these were my opinions , just repeating what they have been arguing for a while . 
  one might say the working-class people who voted brexit have bigger priorities than scientists having a rougher time . 
  edit : apparently not ? 
  apparently the working-class 's biggest priority is the well-being of some scientists . 
  thanks / r/europe . 
  we have nearly 3 million muslims in the uk , i honestly do n't really like islam , but at least we are friends here and that 's much better than having some religious war with them . 
  i want to reform islam , declaring war on it will not help anyone , except maybe isis and other extremist groups . 
  i never said that , i just said do n't impose an official ban on muslims . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/refugee-crisis-saudi-arabias-offer-to-build-200-mosques-in-germany-for-syrian-refugees-branded-10511850.html ) might have been it, 
  i 'm an atheist , but i do n't want to make an enemy out of millions of fellow citizens . 
  if you do n't give a fuck , you do n't truly give a fuck about any of the victims because you wish to ignore pragmatic solutions . 
  maybe not , but at least people used to listen to european music ( opera ) and had interest in european art and languages . 
  perhaps you are right though , we have always seen ourselves as seperate from ` the continent ' . 
  very pragmatic . 
  you have to be realistic , if you ban all muslims , you are suggesting that all muslims are bad . 
  if you do that , you are making an enemy with millions of your citizens . 
  it is also unrealistic to suggest somehow getting rid of millions of muslims living in the country .
