  brits here are still called racist/stupid and are insulted daily . 
  lol , this sub seems like it literally is / r/easterneurope , if you criticise eastern europe you get downvoted . 
  hilarious how eastern europeans here do n't realise this . 
  very homophobic country . 
  thanks , it 's so annoying , i do n't care about karma , i just hate being silenced by downvotes . 
  i get downvoted every time i say this , despite it being true . 
  http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/ihg707zgux/scottishtrackers_25-jul-2016_indy_w.pdf ( july 2016 ) https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/771685045463609344 ( sep 2016 ), 
  again , being obnoxious . 
  nobody was arguing that those two cases are the same . 
  you just put words into other people 's mouth , ca n't stand people like you . 
   hopefully we 'll be able to sneak out when they 're not looking . 
  against the scottish people 's will ? 
  the majority of scots want to remain in the uk , it would be very unfair and undemocratic to leave without public support . 
  edit : according to the downvotes , it would be fair ? 
  okay . 
  or do people want sources ? 
  most recent independence poll - https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/771685045463609344 whenever i say this , i only ever get downvoted , nobody ever replies telling me why i 'm wrong . 
  really can not handle the facts . 
   the free movement was something the ruling class was against but the common people decided that if they want to trade money and good around we should be able to able to travel and live where we want as well . 
  the common people in britain hate freedom of movement , the ruling class loves it because of cheap , competitive labour . 
   to be honest i 'm from london explains everything . 
  they can afford it though, 
  mine got deleted for local news that i put up last night , was pretty popular too . 
  ayyyy local story boys, 
  ignore him mate , he 's ridiculously obnoxious . 
  fair enough, 
   scotland yard said the two men were arrested near the mosque on suspicion of inciting racial hatred . 
  hate crime apparently . 
  i 'm not an idiot who posts stuff like ` bow down to us , uk is better than eu ' , it does n't matter . 
  you will get downvoted no matter what your argument is , as long as they know you are a brexiter . 
  this sub is the worst sub i 've ever been on when it comes to downvoting . 
  outnumbered 1000-1, 
  not reasonable , i 'm an idiot for staying here and getting downvoted for every comment i post . 
  hahahahaha . 
  unbelievable , i really want to believe this is sarcasm . 
  it 's completely the other way around , any reasonable brexiter left this sub a while ago because of how hostile this place was . 
  yay !, 
  absolutely , sir . 
  this is about the 10th most upvoted post of all time on this sub and it 's been 8 hours . 
  stick the same the photo up and say ` norway ' or some other country , it will get 3000 at most . 
  it is a pretty picture , but the upvotes are because it is in poland . 
  ahh , i click on your account and within 10 seconds i see anti-semitism and you insulting random people on the internet . 
  and i 'm the kid ? 
  you ca n't convince people like him , the type of people who call other people narrow-minded , yet refuse to ever change their opinion or accept they are wrong . 
  i underestimated the boner that this sub has for poland, 
   poor cunt will do anything it takes to stay even a tiny bit relevant . 
  then why is n't he remaining as the the ukip leader ? 
  yup , no leave voters expected it to be easy in the first few years , we all expected slower growth . 
  completely against the will of the northern irish people ? 
  according to most on the left , yes . 
  fuck , i deleted my comment when i read that part , my bad, 
  he 's joking , 
  why has this been removed ? 
  when you have sourced it in the comments ? 
  i do n't know the rules . 
  mods ? 
  and you can really see it , i live in a pretty homogeneous area ( about 95 % white british ) , and when i was at primary school ( about 10 years ago ) there was only 1 minority pupil who was a mixed-race boy . 
  my mum works at the same school now , and over 25 % of her pupils ( aged 5-9 ) are ethnic minorities . 
  main countries of origin are nigeria , india , poland , latvia , lithuania , romania etc. 
  even if we drastically reduce immigration now , in 2 or 3 decades time over 30 % will probably have been born to foreign-born parents . 
  who knows what it will be like if immigration continues at a similar rate . 
  i know , also we actually gave the scots a referendum , and we are still attacked for it !, 
  the spanish wo n't even give catalonia a referendum and no one cares . 
  most do like the us , we are allies and everything , but it 's a popular on the left-wing to disagree with american foreign policy ( and british foreign policy ) . 
  greece have recently turned to russia and china , probably because of their crisis and germany and everything . 
  other polls show that they love russia . 
  oh you would be surprised , i 'm not really talking comments , more threads that are posted . 
  many on / r/ukpolitics have posted screenshots of them getting banned for silly things like posting a thread that goes against their agenda . 
  i do n't get it because most people , particularly on that sub , do n't like the us . 
  that 's strange , i felt like most people liked the uk on this sub . 
  i would fully support this new change though , we are still an island which is cool . 
  even if british schools made more of an effort , it does n't mean the students would . 
  we all learn a foreign language in secondary school , but we do n't really learn anything because most do n't care too much . 
  only england ? 
  all 800,000 poles here suffer ` occasional beatings ' ? 
  news to me . 
  sounds familiar, 
  i think you have a point here , water security is obviously only going to get worse as the population increases ( unless you have superior ways are storing/saving/getting water ) . 
  hmm , very difficult to predict anything . 
  what are you showing me here ? 
  edit : nevermind , i 'm assuming this is water security . 
  to be honest there is n't ` too many ' people anywhere , they are all going through the same cycles that europe went through . 
  it was n't long ago when europeans were having 8 children , just a few decades ago asians were having 6 or more children , now they are having fewer than 3 . 
  as countries develop , their fertility rates will drop , this is the same for africa . 
  also , china had a greater population in 1800 than europe and the americas combined , there have always been more africans and asians than europeans , so it 's normal for them to have so many more people than us . 
  of course not , but it is still growing extremely quickly economically . 
  a few decades ago everything in africa was rural with 0 wealth being created . 
  now look at cities such as nairobi and you will understand that africa ( not all ) is indeed improving . 
  also , fertility rate correlates with standard of living and urbanisation . 
  countries in asia were having 6 or more children just a few decades ago , now most of them are having few than 3 . 
  even bangladesh has a pretty low fertility rate now . 
  the same drop in fertility rate will happen in africa as it continues to develop and urbanise . 
  very true , although churchill was probably a cunt even compared to the other people in his day . 
  there are well over a million central/east europeans in the uk , if anything happens to 1 of them , we will all hear about it apparently . 
  this is also in tower hamlets , which has one of the smallest indigenous populations of the boroughs in britain . 
  of course we will trigger article 50 by then , it 's pretty widely accepted that it will be in 2017 . 
  i bet there are by percentages too . 
  that was after he was called racist though, 
  okay , you actually think that schoolyard bullying has n't changed since the 1980s ? 
  i ca n't even begin to explain how much better things are now in school than before .
