  i would imagine that 's the case for many, 
  were iceland included in that study ? 
  surprised they are n't first, 
  why is that ? 
  do you know ? 
  the top comments of / r/europe are probably not completely representative of all german redditors . 
  i guess you are both , divided into 3 , you 're central european , divided into 2 , you 're eastern european . 
  not like it matters anyway . 
  and wales and northern ireland, 
  perhaps only eastern european country with blue ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  probably the same for us learning french or spanish , you learn it because it 's on the curriculum , but you are n't really learning it to speak the language , just to pass some tests . 
  this does n't take into account how much we drink * at * * once * . 
  we drink less on average , but we definitely drink way too much when we do happen to drink . 
  nearly , slightly better off . 
  although many do n't realise , poverty is reducing rapidly in moldova - the national poverty and extreme poverty rates , using national poverty definitions , fell from 30.2 percent and 4.5 percent in 2006 to 16.6 percent and 0.6 percent respectively in 2012 , making moldova one of the world 's top performers in terms of poverty reduction . 
  hence if current trends stand , ( which is obviously wo n't ), 
  the amount of people that have left moldova is also ridiculous . 
  you could say the problem is n't the migrants themselves ( they 're just humans in search of a better life ) , but rather governmental decisions which encourage and allow this to happen . 
  this is definitely true , it 's natural for humans to fear big changes in a short time, 
  i think isis are different , i think they are the aggressors , almost building their own empire . 
  terrorist groups like al qaeda or those in palestine , you might say are freedom fighters , but i do n't think isis are . 
  i think taking sides to an extent is okay , as long as it is n't isis . 
  yeah , was this in lithuania or england ? 
  yup , it 's the same for me ( i 'm english ) . 
  going to the town centre at night is certainly an experience , every street turns into a mess . 
  we have a drinking culture that is harmful for everyone ( same with scotland and ireland ) , also our shitty lad culture pisses me off . 
  i do n't drink at all so it is pretty much impossible for me to go out it seems . 
  but they loved alcohol right ? 
  i did n't read all of it , just quickly googled it and linked because i could n't be arsed . 
  i 've watched many documentaries that note that many poles were in favour of the persecution of jews , particularly due to the rising antisemitism across europe . 
   often ? 
  that is bullshit , it was very rare . 
  how do you know ? 
  have a read , hungarians undoubtedly were the worse when it came to individually helping the nazis and their final solution . 
  you 're the ignorant one for denying history , you do n't have to take responsibility for it , just accept it . 
  the refugee crisis is having a minimal impact on us , and people generally vote on what happens to the uk only, 
  yeah just ignore him , seems like he 's being sarcastic , but sadly i do n't think he is . 
  i am almost certain eastern europe is much more racist , i 'm just afraid of 300 downvotes . 
  i also believe like op said , the lack of exposure to foreign cultures and racial diversity makes it so . 
  complete true , but / r/europe is dominated by eastern europeans it seems , who hate to hear this . 
  it annoys me , because this is just a fact , look at japan and south korea , two developed nations , but xenophobic as fuck because they have never seen a foreigner in their life . 
  perhaps because they do n't care when something is racist . 
  just like how everyone on this sub would refuse to admit that lower education levels link heavily with support for far-right parties . 
   jews in poland ? 
  a safehaven . 
  what about when lots of poles and hungarians were very encouraging and happy when the nazis came to take them . 
  or do poles not like to admit that ? 
  because it is a part of history . 
  i do n't know anyone here at least who has this attitude of being afraid of being called racist . 
  seems like this argument if what people use because they fail to understand that many people * do n't * actually dislike immigrants etc. 
  would latvians and estonians have similar attitudes towards middle-eastern muslims as russians ? 
  you have a lot of immigrants , but nearly all from russia , belarus , ukraine etc. 
  the term ` fear of unknown ' comes from the fact that areas with the least immigrants * tend * to be the most xenophobic . 
  in cities or areas with more immigrants , the native population tend to accept them more . 
  even developed countries like japan are very xenophobic , you could easily argue that this is the result of a very homogeneous society , same with south korea . 
  not saying this is my view , just saying why the ` fear of unknown ' argument is a thing . 
  i hate it when people use this shitty argument . 
  i have no clue whether the upvotes are supporting his point , or laughing at his joke , let 's hope it 's the latter . 
  almost everybody who wants to leave the eu , claims it is for economic reasons , when it 's clearly not . 
  that 's the point i was making, 
  yeah ... not sure whether i agree with his point there . 
  i do n't know if you are agreeing or arguing with me , but that 's what i meant . 
  only on / r/europe does this get upvoted . 
  lol, 
  you 're not one of those people who think racism is the same as laughing at someone for being ginger are you ? 
  we also have many turkish cypriots , who seem to be much less conservative as well . 
  :( but i do n't wan na leave, 
  honestly , the eu is just a really easy scapegoat to blame all problems on , same with immigrants . 
  i think this country has always had a sense of superiority since the empire days . 
  we seem to think we are better than everybody else and do n't need any help . 
  the main reason people want to leave is not economically ( like you said ) , i can guarantee you that . 
  he asked how many so far , but you did n't answer that . 
  you did n't answer his question , but if making numbers up makes you feel better , then whatever . 
  people use the term overcrowded way too much , germany is not overcrowded . 
  more about the age demographics than the total number . 
  not defending the refugee acceptance , but germany really does have an ageing population that ca n't go unnoticed . 
  our thoughts with the people and families of those involved in this tragedy . 
  frightening . 
  that 's what it should be at least , i dislike the term ` against migrants/refugees ' because they are just human beings looking for a better life . 
  protests should just be against government policy . 
  you 're right that england has a very density compared to the rest of europe , but does that immediately make it a problem , because it 's higher than the rest ? 
  about the nhs , i was referring to the physical size of the area , not the increased population 's impact on services . 
  i agree that an extra boost to the population will not help the nhs and public services , but i do think the solution lies in how the government spends it 's money more than anything else . 
  2.27 % of england ( most in the uk ) is built on , and 6.8 % of the uk is classified as urban ( over half are green spaces ) . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18623096 our shitty houses has little to do with the overall size of the country . 
  true , but when you have a choice of the two , you are probably 10000x more likely to choose austria . 
  that 's a step too far . 
  define overcrowded , in terms of space , it is n't overcrowded at all . 
  we do have a problem with an aging population , as does the whole of europe , maybe excluding france and scandinavia . 
  well our national cuisine already consists of curry , kebabs and chinese . 
  it 's almost as if austria is a wealthier country, 
  yet we call everybody else touchy , and claim to not get offended by anything . 
  hahahaha , the salt this one comment caused , it 's true for the most part, 
  yeah it 's very leftist , but it is n't as extreme as tabloids like the sun etc. 
  in israel 's case , wealth and development kind of did , thought western funding and aid . 
  fair enough , thanks , actually quite ignorant of me to say much of the population were already well off . 
  well no , they are rich because of western funding since ww2 , and because their population were well-off and educated before they moved to israel, 
  all of a sudden we are so similar , britain can into slav ? 
  again , because wealth and development .
