  such a shame really , i have mad respect for a lot of ahmadiyya muslims . 
  he never said that , he just said he feels sorry for the normal muslim population who do no wrong . 
  aight fuck you, 
  blackpool is also nice . 
  i 'm a regular on / r/ukpolitics , you are correct . 
  although it 's still pretty balanced there in terms of brexit , about 50/50 ( at least that 's what it was at the time of the vote ) . 
  if we left the single market , remaining in the uk apparently still has a 6 % lead . 
  https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/759391336445440001 who knows which way the undecideds would swing though . 
  https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/759391336445440001 ouch . 
  https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/759387749317283840 ouch . 
  edit : mmm , keep downvoting me for sourcing information . 
  there 's nothing more they would love than for the destruction of the uk . 
  that 's funny , reddit told me that scotland and ni leaving was inevitable . 
  the afghanistan of the west, 
  koreaboo *, 
  nah i 've just given up with this sub , i love most of the irish in real life , just not on this sub . 
  the hostility was here before i was being hostile in return , this sub is just a cesspool now . 
  politicians ? 
  representatives ? 
  the core of a representative democracy ? 
  downvoting all my comments does n't mean anything btw, 
  and who decided on having a referendum ? 
  this may be a tricky question for you . 
  representative democracy is about letting the irish have a referendum , and then telling them to fuck off when they do n't agree with the result . 
  united in your hatred for the english  . 
  i honestly like you both , it 's just this sub where it 's hostile . 
   no one fears a japanese stag party . 
  no one expects the japanese stag party inquisition . 
  thank fuck the eu is n't democratic otherwise decisions might not go in my personal favour !, 
  seems friendly compared to how the irish on this sub treat the british , with the european backing of course . 
  we will still have visa-free travel ? 
  y' know , like venezuelans have and japanese have ? 
  i agree, 
  haha , no i 'm not . 
  what i meant was that new immigration policies wo n't solve the problems with the muslims already living in europe . 
  it 's true though , no brits are crying on this sub , only europeans about the brits . 
  let 's be honest , the brits are n't the grumpy ones , the europeans who are insulting us are the grumpy ones . 
  i know it 's to do with immigration , but that guy suggested that the solution is discussing immigration . 
  the thing is that the immigration has already happened , most of the potential threats are things like new immigration policies can not stop . 
  it 's on every thread , made me much happier we are leaving the eu , they fucking hate us . 
  popcorn for the same old thread of uk-bashing and england-bashing . 
  but many of these terrorists are born and grow up in european countries , it 's not all about immigrants . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_average_human_height_worldwide here it puts bosnia at the top, 
  apparently bosnians were once tied with them or something . 
  i feel like putin wants trump because trump is n't as pro-intervention as clinton and trump has openly suggested he wants better relations with russia . 
  so i would n't say he would walk over him , but putin probably thinks there would be less opposition to his actions . 
  i think the uk only accepting a few thousand refugees ( and genuine refugees as we took them from the refugee camps ) is the smartest decision i have ever witnessed my country take . 
  you think it 's xenophobic to be against uncontrolled immigration with europe . 
  you think it 's xenophobic to treat europeans the same as everyone else . 
  hahaha , unbelievable . 
  xenophobia = not a european nationalist/supremacist . 
  everyone here are european nationalists who show nothing but hatred to those outside of europe . 
   if the uk 's situation of not wanting freedom of movement can be characterised as '' serious economic , societal or environmental difficulties '' it might be , even if it 's not true . 
  keeping the uk in the eea as opposed to leaving altogether is in everyone 's interests , especially ireland 's . 
  which is absolutely everyone on this sub . 
  they still believe that only the leave side used scare-mongering . 
  i 've learned to embrace it all now , i love getting downvoted and abused . 
  read article 112 , it 's what liechtenstein did and what the uk has the right to do ( if it was in the eea ) . 
  hey , we 're circle-jerking here , we left the eu because we 're racist . 
  all the previous statements were just attempts to persuade the british public to vote for remain . 
  scare-mongering if you will . 
  i 've been here long enough to know how true it is, 
  god forbid politics having opposition right ? 
  last time i checked it was n't brits who were committing mass murders around europe . 
  yup , also 90 % of / r/europe licks poland 's ass and is obsessed with them . 
  edit : the downvotes on this comment will no doubt prove it, 
  finally some sensible solutions , way too many people here saying all muslims should be banned , or islam should be banned . 
  what part of ' - / r/europe ' did n't you understand ? 
  has to be . 
  only farage does n't like the eu . 
  yeah . 
  when brexit happened , the top comment everywhere was that scotland and ni are leaving the uk . 
  you know things are fucked when the balkans is now a safer place than much of western europe . 
  wait this is actually amazing , i fucking love this song now, 
  i was talking about / r/europe , how can i have a source ? 
  mainly just going by anecdotes really . 
  that 's great , 
  romania are probably the last country that would leave the eu anyway, 
  he admitted that he thinks the eu is bad for all countries , not just the uk . 
  so he wishes to help them leave . 
  unless they 're muslim - / r/europe, 
  i love how every negative thread about britain gets upvoted . 
  but as soon as there is a negative thread because it 's against muslims , the thread is downvoted . 
  beautiful . 
  straight fire, 
  he 's probably never met one in his entire life, 
  if you said muslims you would have been upvoted on this sub, 
  yup , i 'm also probably gon na make a new account just for / r/europe . 
  people downvote me on sight because they know i 'm a brexiter . 
  legit gon na stick on a polish or czech flair , immune to downvotes . 
  this is the guardian , they will always exaggerate things like this . 
  most poles here have settled nicely , can speak english well and have a job that pays much better than one in poland . 
  yeah , but that is n't ironic because he supports brexit and reducing immigration . 
  i would n't even bother on this sub mate, 
  he really does n't have a clue what he 's talking about, 
  everyone here said that northern ireland was 100 % going to leave , and most still believe northern ireland is just irish people being held in the uk against their will . 
  thanks , just what i was looking for . 
  pretty interesting how most people balance the identities equally and prefer not to take one over the other . 
  nah that 's not how it works . 
  british refers to the united kingdom ( and overseas territories ) , rather than the british isles .
