  ah i see , i think them wanting it to be a central part of our democracy is exaggerating though . 
  actually , switzerland/norway are often cited by remainers who are claiming to be citing brexiteers . 
  the vast majority of kippers and brexiters do n't want to be either switzerland nor norway , throughout the referendum campaign it was the remainers who went on about norway and switzerland the most . 
  as do the tories , as did the lib dems , everybody apart from labour agreed on having an eu referendum i believe . 
  they were only against it once they found out they lost . 
  in fact , now people want another referendum to decide which type of brexit we go for . 
  you can not make your own trade deals while in the eu , so at least now we can make bilateral deals on our ( and the partner 's ) terms , without having to appease some socialists in wallonia or romanians because of visas ( for example ) . 
   the lower the education level , the most likely to vote leave ( 70 % of those with just gcse voted to leave ) the problem is that you a statistic like this and make a conclusion from it , without knowing the context . 
  the vast majority of those with a lower education level are old because it was fine to not pursue further education a few decades ago . 
  now , everybody has a-levels because you pretty much have to nowadays , even if you 're an idiot . 
   the older the age , the most likely to vote leave . 
  over 60 voted ovewrwhelmingly to leave , below 35 voted overwhelmigly to remain . 
  71 % of below 25 voted to remain . 
  funny enough , it was this same generation that voted in a referendum to join the eu . 
   incidentally , people ina areas with strong immigration voted to remain . 
  aka , london and a few affluent cities like cambridge and oxford . 
  the town with the largest amount of eastern european immigration , boston , had the biggest leave vote in the entire country . 
  can you explain that one ? 
  birmingham , the second biggest city in the country where 50 % of the city is white british , voted to leave . 
  slough voted to leave , despite only being 30 % white british and has undergone lots of european immigration recently . 
  do these people need more immigration to understand what mass immigration is about or something ? 
  and if you 're wondering how asians and black people voted and influenced the statistics , they were both around 70 % remain , 30 % leave . 
  we 've only got ourselves to blame about houses being so expensive ( well , not really ) , we are snobs when it comes to flats . 
  this is h2ppyme , every time he comments , he has to complain about either the su or the russian minority in estonia . 
  the british one there is very common , like 80 % of the streets i see . 
  i think it looks okay , to say it obviously is n't a wealthy area . 
  not comparable imo, 
  it 's pro-eu , so it 's fine . 
  they try their best to be neutral , but it 's very difficult when they are so london-centric . 
  london is naturally more liberal and pro-remain/pro-immigration than the rest of the uk . 
  a few newspapers did , every news channel however was anti-brexit . 
  bbc , itv , channel 4 ... 
  nope , he is 100 % correct . 
  to you , it sounds too incredible to believe . 
  wikileaks has proven that he is correct , but sure , because it * sounds * bullshit to you , it is . 
  interesting , i guess that could play a part . 
  apparently muslims do n't at all ( cue suicide bomber joke ) . 
  arab muslim countries all seem to have [ the lowest suicide rates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ) . 
  it is indeed , just thought i would trade some bantz . 
  it 's okay , reading is hard . 
  the independent never fails to amaze me with their clickbait , by far the worst in the uk for it . 
  same, 
  he did n't say that , and never would say that . 
  haha , i knew this title would trigger romanians . 
  it 's a bit random to be honest , my shitty area in the east midlands has far better internet and 4g coverage than most of london . 
   what is preventing us from achieving that ? 
  because we are inherently inferior to romanians . 
   this is a superiority complex , thinking that you can do anything romania does just because you have more money . 
  in terms of spending money , yes , we can . 
   yea , because uk is inherently better than romani stop fucking crying , nobody believes this . 
  it 's to say we can improve our 4g coverage as money should n't be an excuse . 
  we have the best walls , do n't we folks . 
  fair point , i would support that . 
  100 % agree . 
  and it wo n't be solved because preferring australians on the basis that they are australians will 100 % be called racist by many people . 
   i got the feeling from reading their comments that they are much more concerned about the muslims and africans than the east europeans but are hesitant to express it for fear of being branded racist . 
  i would agree with that . 
  i 've never met anyone who dislikes eastern europeans , simply because they are more similar to us . 
  however , you can be against more eastern european immigration without disliking them as individuals . 
  also we have ` control ' over non-eu immigrants , so it 's not as easy to argue against the immigration . 
   but in both countries it was the people who had to `` suffer '' the consequences of immigration who voted the most overwhelmingly for it and those escaping it for the biggest part against it . 
  the town that had the highest leave vote was boston , the town with the highest rate of eastern european immigration in the country . 
  big cities are always more liberal and therefore more inclined to vote remain , which is why there is this narrative that more immigrants = people vote remain . 
  many places in essex and kent had +65 % leave , because they used to live in london and have since moved to the countryside . 
   tbh i had the impression from the very beginning that brexit was n't about refugees or racism , but european/eu immigration brexit was about leaving the eu . 
  being able to have controlled immigration was apart of that , but not all of it . 
   how do you say `` tongue '' ? 
  if you pronounce the `` g '' then you 're from bolton or preston . 
  everyone else gives it a soft `` ng '' sound . 
  quite what it says , when you say tongue , do you pronounce the ` g ' ? 
  i ca n't really explain what tongue sounds like . 
  primary ( elementary ) school - mr ( name ) or miss/mrs ( name ) secondary ( middle & high ) school - miss or sir college and university - first name normally at least this was the case for me and everyone i know . 
  i 'm genuinely proud of my country , it feels good . 
  appreciate the kind words , nice name btw . 
  thanks for the downvotes mate , you really showed me !, 
   sorry that you are butt-hurt , but it is the truth . 
  lol , it 's pretty obvious to everyone that you are the butthurt one . 
  the reality is that you can not take away basic human rights from people because they are not as educated or as young as you . 
  if you do , your country 's politics will be 10x worse , i can assure you that . 
  i understand you have a large number of uneducated rural peasants , but that does n't justify his comment . 
  romania is on the up , but it wo n't be a smooth ride because like you said , quality education has n't reached everyone yet . 
  you have to accept the fact that these peasants are romanian citizens like you with equal voting rights , you have to satisfy them if you want them to vote for you , and sometimes even that wo n't work . 
  you wo n't have progressive politics when you have the poverty that romania has , it 's just a harsh reality , i 'm afraid . 
  what an idiot you are . 
  they make up  6 % of the population . 
  might have a higher turnout so it 's possible that they are all ethnic hungarians . 
  might not be though . 
  thanks , and that 's sad to hear . 
  who did you vote for ? 
  who did most of the young , educated people vote for ? 
  i do n't know anything about the election . 
  you must have hit a nerve, 
  oh yeah , i agree . 
  but i think it also comes from who says it , since a lot of working-class people say scone , it has connotations with working-class . 
  at least where i 'm from . 
  i think we all know the reason . 
  not a coincidence that the spanish and portuguese episodes gets upvotes and the british one does n't . 
  yup , the biggest losers of globalisation are the working-classes in the uk , usa , and a few other countries . 
  exactly right , the brexit vote ca n't be simplified into one group of people , even though that 's what everybody , including polling companies , are trying to do . 
  it 's always been the other way around , ` scon ' has been the stereotypically posh way of saying it .
