  but israel are a rich country , democracy is always easier in a rich country . 
  20 % of hungary 's exports will be fences . 
  within the schengen area, 
  the guardian is nowhere near as bad as the daily mail and other tabloids, 
  thanks for the reply , switzerland is definitely unique in europe with such a language division . 
  why so low , for such a developed country ? 
  you 're not even that religious are you ? 
  this is the same for when people see statistics about muslims being homophobic , they only care because they are muslim . 
  when white western europeans oppose gay marriage , they are n't really attacked . 
  there is a strong correlation , however , south america tend to be very supportive of gay marriage , despite being catholic and not too wealthy . 
  perhaps we simply are n't as tolerant towards homosexuality as you guys . 
  inequality/poverty ? 
  immigrants ? 
  who knows why ... 
  no sources , but i know ireland has a very young population compared to most of europe , young people tend to be more in favour of gay marriage than older people . 
  just because it does n't affect many people , does n't mean it 's not important to have . 
  hopefully they wo n't change anything, 
  thanks for the reply , it 's quite similar in the uk in terms of hooligan culture and poor neighbourhoods . 
  good to know that lgbt parades are fine nowadays though , 
  poland tends to be homophobic , based on surveys , is this down to religion or other factors ? 
  our nhs needs saving, 
  honestly , i think reddit just hate the word ` racist ' . 
  apparently absolutely nothing is racist on reddit, 
  i might be wrong , but i see british humour as self-deprecating or dry humour , not really like monty python . 
  we are all sorry for london ... 
  do n't judge western europe off something like this , please . 
  you definitely will , development takes time . 
  no , that is exactly what this sub wants to hear . 
  except this is n't true . 
  people want the rich to have higher taxes because of the huge inequality in our country , vastly higher than other western european nations . 
  it 's not because ` they ca n't bear the thought of anyone being wealthier than they are ' . 
  keep telling yourself that though . 
  i think the fact that the term ` chav ' is so commonly used sums this up . 
  there is such an acceptable hatred towards people from council houses or people on benefits . 
  yup , and even if life was n't going to be great , the traffickers will just lie to them , telling them it 's paradise . 
  looks amazing , especially in a country so small , would be very awkward in larger countries . 
  he does n't fucking want to give the falklands back to argentina . 
  i do n't know why i 'm even attempting to argue on this sub . 
  oh shit i understand , ignore me . 
  yay , not us, 
  because israel are supposed to be our allies , isis are not . 
  apparently it 's very different in sweden , my mistake . 
  in the u.s or here , the ethnicity and such is often mentioned . 
  errrrmmm , maybe because we live in the uk ? 
  if christianophobia was happening in our country , then we would protest about it , but it 's not . 
  probably not , otherwise you would hear about it . 
  when it 's a white guy , nobody is interested, 
  thanks , i 'm not as articulate, 
  they just pick the one that sounds the most shocking , this combination probably made them seem younger than any other combination, 
  it 's obvious this is the best solution , it 's being tried everywhere , and nearly failed everywhere so far however . 
  i 'm afraid a lot of people on this sub completely disagree ( not me ) , and believe that multiculturalism in general is a disaster, 
  they become toxic opinions when you take them at face value , disregard the context , and draw false conclusions from them . 
  if you say black people are more likely to commit a crime because they are black , then it 's racist . 
  it 's supposed to be short term , not saying it is though . 
  we are supposed to do both , help developing countries such as ethiopia as part of our foreign aid budget , but also help short-term events such as the current crisis . 
  sighs . 
  let the circlejerk continue , i see the same quote 100 times in every thread . 
  - every thread posted in / r/europe for the past few months . 
  depends what you mean by ` places ' , they are loads more places without immigrants in western europe , than places with lots of immigrants . 
  sensible ones do n't . 
  most of the anti-turkey comments are by the same people who coincidentally also do n't like muslims , or anybody different from them . 
  i do n't get why people are so obsessed with turkey not being ` european ' . 
  a country joining the eu should be based on whether it is a benefit for the eu , not whether they are historically european or not . 
  saying turkey is different culturally is a poor excuse , all of europe is different culturally . 
  you would probably find similar statistics to some eu countries like poland, 
  yup , same all over europe, 
  interesting that xenophobia is always much higher in places with fewer immigrants, 
  / r/europe would never accept such a thing, 
  sssshhh , let them be ignorant, 
  while this is true , people in countries exposed to immigrants ( maybe not places like malmo ) generally have more positive views because they have many friends who are immigrants/refugees . 
  in countries with fewer immigrants , particularly eastern europe , they can only assume knowledge or look to the media to see immigrants . 
  areas with the least immigrants are almost always more anti-immigration , for mainly this reason . 
  it should at least be enough to survive on , and some leftover , it 's not supposed to be too shitty . 
  only / r/europe would not think this is racism , nothing is racism to them . 
  gon na have to get used to it on / r/europe, 
  well when a government is now cutting benefits for the poor and disabled , forcing people like my brother to go to work despite being 100 % incapable , i class it as suffering . 
  okay , it just annoys me because many people who do n't vote tory ( maybe not on reddit ) like by disabled brother are not well off and are directly affected because of the result . 
  you enjoyed yourself so much because of other people suffering ? 
  be happy with the result , but why enjoy other people 's misery ? 
  hate when people say things like this . 
  if he 's anti-immigration in any way this sub will definitely love him, 
  well you are obviously a good person , however it 's obvious a lot of people ( including turks ) are not, 
  it 's mainly because that 's official unemployment . 
  many work in the black market , or jobs that are n't recorded by the government . 
  basically although unemployment is over 40 % , a much smaller amount of people are actually out of work . 
  i think this is the result of a very homogeneous society and a lack of exposure to other cultures . 
  even in england , the most xenophobic areas are areas that have the least immigrants . 
  although this is true , let 's not pretend the us have n't gotten involved with dozens of internal affairs ( funding military groups across latin america ) , that had nothing to do with them . 
  and then of course the iraq war and such . 
  japan is pretty xenophobic , but the population do n't mean harm in anyway , they are just extreme homogeneous and are n't used to immigrants , especially from outside east asia . 
  guess they have been lied to and manipulated into thinking they will be offered the world . 
  i just feel like most europeans would n't act the same . 
  if the same eu refugee allocation was about ukrainian refugees , do you think they would run away from lithuania or poland , after being offered a home etc ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  adding to this , a big chunk of the trump supporters in michigan and pennsylvania voted for obama twice . 
  so the racism argument is stupid . 
  yep , a lot of people in eastern europe ( and in most countries ) were n't keen on accepting migrants/refugees in the first place . 
  this has just been reinforced , ca n't blame lithuanians at all . 
  not the first time this has happened either , it happened when thousands of chechens started leaving poland for france and germany after poland accepted them for example . 
  i can understand refugees not wanting to live in certain camps without food or water , like those in ethiopia , but these ones have been given everything like you said .
