  people on this sub , mainly poles , probably do n't want to accept any good news in poland because of the current government . 
  finland is a developed country , but when it comes to attitudes towards minorities , it 's closer to eastern europe than western europe ( triggered half the people on this sub ) . 
  black people are also much rarer in finland than in the uk , france , germany , sweden etc , which does n't help . 
  you ca n't say anything with a russian flair without people mentioning it to you . 
  there 's that famous brazilian patriotism , 
  indeed , leftists may consider it a victory that wilders performed poorly , but unfortunately for them , politics is shifting to the right . 
  it 's what i predicted would happen actually . 
  rather than far-right parties obtaining power , i think centre-right parties will obtain power by trying to appeal to the far-right with populism of their own . 
  i think this is a good thing , people 's concerns are finally being listened to , and we do n't have far-right parties in power . 
  same with all soldiers in the world since the beginning of mankind . 
  yeah they do, 
  nobody gives a fuck about the fucking empire , so tired of hearing this shit on this sub . 
  while ukip played a big part , many tory backbenchers wanted a referendum , even nick clegg was calling for an eu referendum . 
  i would welcome it if that 's what the other countries wanted . 
  if wales wanted to stay with us for example i would be more than happy to stay with them . 
   while for the uk labour party it 's largely because the leadership is shifting the party further to the left , which is out of tune with the electorate . 
  partly true , at the last election labour underperformed massively . 
  corbyn is making things worse , but labour would be far behind the conservatives even with a semi-capable leader . 
   what is this victim complex ? 
  please point me out to the part of my comments were i said that brits are not welcome here ? 
  the fact that you class brits from / r/ukpolitics as brigading . 
  it 's common on reddit for people to shouting brigading whenever the comments are not left-wing/pro-eu . 
  in reality , it 's just british redditors ( more eurosceptic on average than others ) being attracted to british news . 
  also from my experience , anyone from the_donald just gets downvoted to oblivion , never seen anyone upvoted for declaring their support for a populist candidate . 
  only the guardian is worth listening to , everything else is fake news . 
   first , 
  that 's a great excuse, 
  actually they should since he was elected . 
  what a stupid comment, 
  yes , equal with the eu . 
  honestly , they would probably do great . 
  there would however probably be a famine in the rest of the uk and we would have no money . 
  hundreds of years of investing in nowhere but london , only for them to leave and take it all for themselves . 
  fuck knows why i could n't find the ' % ' on my phone . 
  no , just like the uk should n't let my street leave , or my hometown leave . 
  nations can leave , but not random cities or towns because then you 're just taking the piss . 
  honestly , i 'm not really trying to make a case for catalan or basque independence . 
  i was just being cheeky because the uk gets criticised too often in my opinion as most other countries would never be willing to let a region have 2 independence referendums within just a few years of each other . 
  i also said it because i actually assumed the person i was replying to was n't basque or catalan . 
  give us 2 hours pal, 
  you 're in denial . 
  i think you severely underestimate english nationalism . 
  i 've never met somebody who identifies as british in my working-class area . 
  you 're right that they are more patriotic and support the monarchy , but that has n't transitioned into british identity . 
  english identity is much more common than british identity , easy to google it . 
  why ? 
  it seemed pretty obvious to me . 
  british identity is something more inclusive and multicultural . 
  socially conservative people will be more likely to identify as english . 
  ukip voters will most certainly be more likely to identify as english . 
  ca n't copy and paste on this phone , but english only identity is most common among older people . 
  vice versa for those who identify as british . 
  in england ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'll google it in a minute, 
  in england , it 's mainly the old who identify as english , and young/minorities who identify as british . 
  agreed . 
  also similar to how only 15 \u2105 of brits identify as european in some sort of way , but 48 \u2105 voted remain . 
  pretty simple really . 
  brexit = right-wing . 
  scexit = left-wing . 
  we were cunts to the irish and i wo n't try to defend the uk back then . 
  however , northern ireland right now also have the right to leave the uk if they wanted to , we do n't force people to stay like spain do . 
  really is incredible . 
  also , complaining about nationalism when brexit happened , by supporting actual nationalism here . 
  best of luck to the catalan and basque people , if only spain was like the uk and respected your right to sovereignty . 
  it 's interesting how many 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants are less integrated than their parents and grandparents . 
  maybe on reddit , not in real life . 
  in real life , most english nationalists are working-class whites who just care about england . 
  they do n't care about the empire , and they do n't care about wales , scotland , or northern ireland . 
   english nationalists are the ones who still believe ireland is british what ? 
  you are talking out your arse , nobody believes that mate . 
  every comment i read from you on this sub is just utter bullshit . 
  i think scotland is better off in , but if they feel like they are not , they have every right to leave . 
  also , most english nationalists do n't give a fuck about scotland , which is why they are * english * nationalists and not * british * nationalists . 
  because voting to remain would change this ? 
  what ? 
  interesting point . 
  could also explain why generation z is said to be the most conservative generation , perhaps to counter the left-wing millennials . 
  it seems to be the same all over the anglosphere . 
  not completely sure why though , might be some reports on it . 
   i think a ` european identity ' would have to be fostered in the united kingdom in order for it to become a realistic prospect agreed , one of the remain campaign 's biggest downfalls was their huge defeat in the emotional argument . 
  only a tiny minority of brits feel or identify as european ( 15 % identify as european in some way , 8 % primarily identify as european ) , and have any feelings towards europe in general . 
  some remainers have been wishing for a genocide of old people for a while now . 
  even though these same old people who voted to leave , voted to join the eu in the first place . 
  [ absolutely not ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/chelsea-clinton-emails-wedding-wikileaks-foundation-money-funds-a7402011.html ) . 
  it is so sad seeing people so unaware of the clinton 's corruption . 
  also explain to me why hundreds of millions of dollars have been donated by saudi arabia and the gulf states , and billionaire organisations like goldman sachs . 
  no , but plenty was taken out . 
  also , when goldman sachs or the various muslim countries such as morocco and the uae donate to the clinton foundation , it is to influence her politics . 
  or do you seriously believe these are just donating to a charity out of good will ? 
  wonder how the clintons are worth hundreds of millions ? 
  especially when they were supposedly bankrupt at some point . 
  no idea , i 'm sure they will always find a way . 
  they are , but it 's easy to get around it . 
  just like how hundreds of millions of dollars are ` donated ' to the clinton foundation ( a charity ) , because it 's not officially being donated to the campaign/party . 
  fascism is , and always has been , much more popular in europe than in america . 
  he disagrees with him , therefore he 's lying . 
  fair enough , i just do n't think it 's relevant . 
  the reason why scottish independence is popular now but was n't decades ago , is because of the present , not the past .
