  winners write history xd, 
  oh fair enough , in that case the us should have just let the japanese carry on doing it . 
  also , no , it did not . 
  they straight up massacred and raped millions of chinese alone and did the same to the rest of south-east asia . 
  the british and the us did not systemically exterminate millions of civilians in east asia . 
  so cringeworthy seeing people who hate the big bad west ( although mainly the us and uk ) so much that they convince themselves they were worse than japanese , you probably also think they were worse than the nazis too . 
  also are you british ? 
  looking at your history it appears you might be , wow that 's embarrassing . 
  okay , so let 's drag out the wear for another 10 years ( i 'm sure no civilians will die in a land invasion lasting who knows how many years !, 
  ) , while mass killings of civilians are going on elsewhere in asia . 
  it 's always easy to try and take the moral high ground when you are talking about a war 70 years ago against an opposition as bad as the nazis . 
  the atomic bombs meant that the us did n't have to invade the mainland , resulting in far more deaths . 
  it is n't very moral sure , but ww2 was n't a moral war , the japanese were raping and killing millions of civilians around asia . 
  indeed , and charity or not , i 'm sure most greeks appreciate the chinese investment . 
  are you talking about the empire or the uk ? 
  if you think the uk was built by guns and death , then you must also think every single country in the world was built by guns and death . 
  funny enough , death and wars are a significant part of every civilisation 's history . 
  it 's not brigading , it 's been the case for years here . 
  more to life than the national economy, 
  will of the people, 
  wealthy , middle-class , young people voting in their own interests . 
  there is no reason why a working-class bloke with different life experiences should hold the same opinion as them . 
  about a third of people do n't vote , so not that surprising . 
  [ this one surprised me the most ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2017/05/10/religious-beliefs/pf-05-10-2017_ce-europe-03-00/ ) . 
  had no idea so many people believe in magic or witchcraft , over half of latvians . 
  i can always rely on you to point this out  . 
  you 're obviously right though . 
  ethnic poles still exist , certainly not what hitler would have wanted . 
  this seems to be the question where none of these people can answer it . 
  they love saying the soviets were worse than the nazis , but never want to consider what would have happened if the nazis were victorious . 
  not very stable, 
  i think we 're 3rd, 
  there 's no denying that the soviets were the most significant opponent , but i highly doubt you would have won without the uk/commonwealth and the us . 
  do n't worry , this sub always tells me that brits should be also ashamed of what we did in ww2 . 
  the holocaust and japan 's atrocities were far worse . 
  these threads are always the worst . 
  usually full of eastern europeans adamant that the soviets were worse than the nazis and thus hate recognising this day . 
  we can do that without brexit being cancelled . 
  it is , but i 'm mainly talking about the near future . 
  who knows what might happen in a decade or so . 
  i did too , and i normally hate political cartoon shit . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  i did n't personally , but there is a lot of truth to this , many brexiteers thought everyone would eventually follow us out . 
  i would n't be surprised if china did do this stuff , just on the chinese sites . 
  it 's fine to celebrating him winning , but le pen is growing and her chances in 2022 have always been greater than her chances in 2017 . 
  35 % voting for someone like le pen is n't great either though . 
  ukip got 15 % roughly , le pen got over 30 % . 
  they really do n't openly loath the working-class or immigrants though . 
  they have listened to the working-class much more than any left-wing party has . 
  in terms of immigrants , i am struggling to see the loathing there . 
  whether you like them or not , the tories are and have been for quite a few years a party that is n't anti-immigrant . 
  they are the most popular party among the working-class , although i 'm sure you will tell me that they are too stupid to realise the tories loathe them . 
  point is that people are making out like may is uniquely evil for this , even though almost everyone in parliament agrees with her , and most people in real life . 
  bigger problem is that almost no other politicians even oppose it . 
  i imagine most french le pen supporters ca n't speak english very well , and are n't the type of people to go on reddit . 
   but she has a terrifying mentality of ` nothing to fear , nothing to hide is it terrifying when most of the british public agree with it ? 
  it may seem crazy to reddit 's demographics , but most people have no problem with it . 
  it 's slowing down , but definitely wo n't stop . 
  nah , you bash the uk . 
  true, 
  this thread has me really confused . 
  are ... people here bashing the eu instead of the uk ? 
  this is just juncker being the deluded idiot he is . 
  ukip as a party is/was rather libertarian , it 's just that none of their supporters were . 
  we can always rely on france and germany to hold our hands as we all get close to 0 points at eurovision . 
  she 's right . 
  i 'm happy she 's actually come out and said this . 
  at least i and many other brexiteers have been proven right . 
  the eu is not a force for good and is run by incompetent , immature , unelected cunts . 
  seriously just acting like children , i am so happy we are leaving . 
   for no apparent reason ? 
  hahahaha . 
  you lot really are in denial are n't you ? 
  seriously , i think there wo n't be a deal . 
  all because of the eu being immature little cunts . 
  it 's not the most politically correct way of putting it , but this is honestly the main reason why . 
  i 've noticed lots of people have misinterpreted the title . 
  the title does n't imply that most millennials support le pen . 
  the title is telling you that they are interviewing/have asked le pen-supporting millennials , why they support le pen . 
  her approval ratings are very high for british standards , so many people disagree with you . 
  they are more balanced , but still pro-remain and left-wing . 
  it 's gotten more left-wing since the announcement of the election , from people coming over from / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i call the british isles the british isles . 
  if that makes me an imperialist then so be it . 
  the only nationalists here are the irish ones complaining for no reason . 
  i usually do n't mind , but here you have brought it up for no reason . 
  they are fucking british . 
  holy shit . 
  the isle of wight is n't a part of ` great britain ' , people there are still british . 
  what ? 
  you are needlessly desperate to make comments like this . 
  nobody mentioned the british isles . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_people british people , or britons , are the citizens of the united kingdom , british overseas territories , and crown dependencies , and their descendants . 
  they are not a part of ` great britain ' ( geographical term ) , but great britain usually just means the uk . 
  the only place i 've ever seen people fuss over the term ` great britain ' ( as a geographical term ) is reddit , probably because of that cgp grey video . 
  it is , although that is n't saying much . 
   in every schoolclass on this planet are kids which are bullied everyday ... and they dont become a second hitler this is implying that le pen became a second hitler . 
  not saying you meant this , but saying this certainly implies it . 
  why is this even a news article and why is this being upvoted ? 
  although only 70 % muslim .
