  yep , can also swap culture for religion there too . 
  it definitely would n't . 
  only thing that triggers me is when people assume london = the uk `` i love london ! '', 
  - after you tell them you 're from the uk, 
  every other term just sounds cringey and too desperate to not call it the british isles . 
  ` britain and ireland ' is the only substitute that is n't awful . 
  lol . 
  this is such a pathetic attempt at ` no true welshman ' . 
  also , you can be 100 % welsh without speaking welsh . 
   as far as i could see , brexit was against migration from eu countries , not against migration from muslim countries . 
  although this is only because we have actually control over immigration from non-eu countries . 
  overall , people here would still prefer immigration from europe than from asia or africa . 
  around 5 %, 
  i think you indeed have a point . 
  the ` british ' identity was encouraged because it was more inclusive , something anybody could adopt . 
  ` english ' usually means something more , such as being ethnically english or at least stereotypically culturally english . 
  multiculturalism is an ideology that some people hold , the whole point is that they do n't become spanish . 
  i agree though , you have millions and millions of people to choose from . 
  for spain , i 'm sure there are also millions of latin americans you could choose from if you wanted to increase immigration . 
  perhaps it might not be us being so tolerant , we just underestimate how intolerant mainland europeans are of muslims . 
  our figure is also very high . 
  and you could argue the bbc and every tv news station push quite blatant pro-muslim propaganda . 
  our media is too lenient on islam , not too critical . 
  shock you because it 's so high or so low ? 
  the uk is always one of the least islamophobic countries on surveys like these . 
  i 've got some bad news for you buddy, 
  90 % sure . 
  because they are getting so popular , i imagine various countries are contacting him and just giving him a script etc. 
  this same guy is the guy who has done this for all the other countries ( netherlands , germany , switzerland etc ) . 
  also ending slavery is something brits should be proud of , since we were probably the most influential in ending global slavery . 
  i think his support will improve over the years , we 'll see though . 
  i think he is highly likely to be reelected , almost guaranteed in my opinion . 
  i 'm talking about all the economic indicator maps that get posted to reddit etc. 
  not talking about any of that . 
  it 's pretty amazing how close the uk and france are in every indicator , although the uk is usually just a little bit better , 
  common travel area and security cooperation is n't really soft brexit . 
  the uk has always wanted to keep both of these regardless of whether it 's soft/hard brexit . 
  we wo n't deny him access because it would be retarded and pathetic to do so , not because we rely on the us ( which we definitely do ) . 
  russia and whoever was facing russia . 
  the euros was such a fucking mess in terms of hooliganism . 
  because they have humour ? 
  also 3 of your 4 comments are just hating on brits . 
  you 're a little obsessed . 
  that was immediately my reaction . 
  this is exactly why we need populist parties , because apparently without the threat of populist parties , nothing will get done . 
  why do czech republic and poland get so many vietnamese immigrants ? 
  we do n't seem to have many at all . 
  not even immigration , just uncontrolled immigration . 
  most brexiters are fine with having immigration . 
   you ca n't say that most british people , out of all british people currently want to leave the eu . 
  and you ca n't say that most british currently want to remain !, 
  you 're really clutching at straws . 
  we are leaving mate . 
  no it should n't . 
  more people want to be out of the eu than in . 
  ah , fair enough . 
   i know this will be an unpopular opinion but i 'll say it anyway . 
  scotland , wales , and even the two irelands do not have a level of cultural distinction today that shapes everyday life or society that is different to that of england definitely . 
  the only reason why people will disagree is because they try so hard to separate themselves from england . 
  all the cultures in the british isles ( or whatever the other name for it is ) are pretty much the same . 
  also this map is trying to say that brittany has the same culture as scotland , lol . 
  it 's a desperate attempt of trying to make the historically celtic areas still relevant in terms of culture . 
  this only includes people who say it 's `` very important '' , interpret that as you will . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/01/19/many-around-the-world-say-womens-equality-is-very-important/ you can see this here . 
  they do n't score better in women 's rights , read the bloody title . 
  it 's not retarded because it 's just public opinion . 
  this is n't about which countries are the most equal , it 's about whether people think women and men should have equal rights . 
  people can also interpret questions differently , also the question says `` very important '' , it does n't include `` important '' . 
  also beating japan, 
  nice cover up , we all know you 're 1d 's biggest fan . 
  this has nothing to do with brexit . 
  do n't see why rt should be banned , it should just be taken with a grain a salt . 
  i honestly would n't ban the daily mail either , but that 's just me . 
  may sound like it , but that 's pretty much what 's happening . 
  he 's just a classic example of a self-hating brit , and nearly all self-hating brits are left-wing and anti-usa . 
  we have very similar cultures , much more similar than any other european country ( except maybe ireland ) . 
  he 's the most anti-uk president of the last 100 years , which also does n't help . 
  nationalists in the west are no longer against each other , they are now allies against the ` elites ' . 
  because we only the 5th biggest economy in the world . 
  that 's why all the other economies that are weaker than ours ( australia , canada , south korea ) are so poor . 
  we do n't have commie blocks at all unlike you lot though , nothing is more dull and depressing than commie blocks . 
   i mean when you have all these muslim countries that sprout off crap about allah , and everyone goes `` what a bunch of barbarians '' no , we call them barbarians when they are beheading gays or killing people on behalf of allah . 
  not when they are simply saying `` praise allah '' or whatever . 
  if lack of sun was depressing for him , then he would also say sweden is depressing since they get even less sun than us . 
  good to know , but so is yours . 
  i was under the impression that sweden is even more grey and depressing . 
  possibly , all brits know prague and budapest , which gives you and the czechs a nicer stereotype than other countries . 
  although i would n't go as far as saying brits have a positive view of you guys , it just is n't as bad as others . 
  we never hear about hungarians in the media , and i never go to london so i have n't heard of any . 
  for some reason i was under the impression that they did n't emigrate as much as other eastern european countries . 
  yeah , others have said there are many in london but i never go there so i was n't aware of it . 
  fair enough , i was only playing around . 
  i assumed that because they googled her the most , they saw her as an icon for bulgaria . 
  based american . 
  brings a tear to my eye . 
  thanks !, 
  i imagine many like to ` claim ' nina dobrev as theirs . 
  everybody should hate him , not just brexiteers . 
  i think you mean ` the left ' , which is why the right is gaining ground all around the western world . 
  what utter fucking bullshit .
