  in my opinion if we voted to stay in the eu , we would only have a referendum again and leave in 10 years time . 
  it was only a matter of time before we left . 
  so is southern european and eastern european culture . 
  implying that american redditors are religious . 
  it 's just a way to shut down and discredit the opposition . 
  same with calling leftists communists etc. 
  apparently right-wing = fascism . 
  at least that 's the idea i 've gotten from lefties on the internet . 
  because native english speakers are complacent and do n't really think about what they are typing . 
  ` should of ' is a classic example of typing as if you are speaking . 
  there 's a lot of words in the english language , it 's hard to keep up sometimes . 
  because laughing at their opponents and acting like they are idiots makes them feel better about themselves . 
  it 's interesting how things have changed now though . 
  nationalism in the west is no longer about being against other countries , it 's about being against the ` establishment ' in one 's own country and globalism . 
  nationalists love foreign nationalists as they have the same goal now , even if a few decades ago they would have had opposing goals . 
  only to politically active pro-european people like yourself . 
  we never hear `` real communism ... '' over here , but people always say `` that was n't real socialism ... '' . 
  spain and greece have dark brown hair , at least they do for me . 
  italy is a lighter shade of brown . 
  they 're not blonde , i 'm afraid it may be something to do with your eyes . 
  no problem !, 
  it 's a joke . 
  i do n't think we are greater than neither france or germany . 
  apparently humour is something i can be proud of my country for though . 
  well many people love prague and is seen as a beautiful western city . 
  other than that most brits probably do n't know much about the czech republic . 
  nothing negative though . 
  yeah , why is that ? 
  they are all being objective . 
  i see , well that 's sad to hear . 
  okay , when you phrase it like that it is more believable . 
  i am also guilty of wanting to know where somebody is from , but i would n't say people are obsessed with ethnicity . 
   treat me as though i were a foreigner despite that fact . 
  i would be surprised if british people were any different on average compared to dutch people or polish people . 
  the only people that bring up the british empire are non-brits . 
  this channel is amazing . 
  the only channel i donate to on patreon . 
  please watch the world war 1 series , it 's incredible . 
  sad that it 's getting downvoted , such a high quality video and is n't biased whatsoever . 
  nobody here even knows what a slav is , you are just classed as `` white other '' , so you 'll be alright . 
  i would say it 's the complete opposite . 
  `` ethnic british '' and `` ethnic english '' are n't even a term , that 's how little ethnicity is brought up here . 
  you are lying and you know it . 
  about 40 % of leicester is white british . 
  indeed , there is a great difference between people from cornwall and devon ( 2 neighbouring english counties ) , than people from the north of england and scotland . 
  many people on the left say nobody here is native and we are all immigrants . 
  they basically use the same logic that 's used for america , failing to realise we do n't have the same history as them . 
  `` white british '' then . 
  essentially means the same thing . 
  it 's what you answer if you are ethnically english , welsh or scottish . 
  at least in england . 
   also whataboutism is not a valid argument . 
  it is in this case . 
  there are always winners in wars , the whole world is owed reparations in some way . 
  you are just drawing lines to suit you , in reality it 's impossible to draw lines about what is worthy of playing reparations and what is n't . 
  we owe you reperations for the brutal invasion of iceland . 
  so you are fine with poland paying ukraine , belarus , and russia for its previous empire ? 
  it would be a clusterfuck because every single civilisation on earth has committed murder and theft at some point . 
  pay up mate . 
  only if denmark pay us reparations first . 
  they 're just angry people who want to shit on everything associated with our country . 
  i was pretty much the same when i was a lefty . 
  now i no longer hate my country but am actually proud of it and it 's traditions , including the monarchy . 
  also you have to be a cunt to hate our queen , hating the monarchy is whatever , but the queen has done nothing wrong and has been a great queen . 
  rightfully so, 
  she has a ` heavy cold ' so it could be something that just goes away in a few days , we do n't know yet . 
  if done correctly , maybe . 
  mass immigration though does n't work with anyone . 
  there was lack of integration when thousands of irish migrated to glasgow , scotland . 
  100 years later and the city is still divided along those lines . 
  lol , we are far more educated than hungarians , that 's for sure . 
  it 's a pretty accepted fact that when it comes to racism and xenophobia , no european country comes close to hungary . 
  i like our churches , it 's actually a shame that they are not used as often . 
  recent polish immigration has actually increased church attendance in some areas though which is nice . 
  / r/europe triggered, 
  yep , you definitely know what you are talking about . 
  the tolerant left wishing violence and pain on political opponents . 
  what ? 
  no it does n't . 
  ni wanting to remain in the eu had nothing to do with whether or not they wanted to leave the uk . 
  there is no point even having a discussion on this when such a small minority even want the leave the uk . 
  most of them feel british and want to be british , independence is rarely about economics , and their economy would fall of a cliff if they left the uk anyway . 
  triggered , 
  on reddit it is, 
  i guess it 's up for debate , but all it has is a website as far as i know . 
  no newspaper , not tv station , and has n't ever been seen as ` mainstream media ' . 
  breitbart is n't a mainstream newspaper though . 
  it 's always been popular , particularly in the tabloid media , but the idea of leaving was certainly unlikely . 
  only true for the usa because of the two candidates . 
  that 's deep . 
  euroscepticism has been common in the uk for many years . 
  yes , support for remaining is increasing . 
  in real life , no . 
  on reddit , apparently . 
   it 's really just an archaic term that 's mostly used to piss irish people off . 
  most brits have no idea that ireland does n't like the term , it 's just a geographical term . 
  `` not british isles '' also gave me a laugh . 
  we hate them more than anyone , do n't worry . 
  we are all literally africans !, 
  only people on the left are afraid of corbyn .
