  i agree with everything you said . 
  ukip basically eliminated the bnp ( white nationalist , racist ) from politics , so former bnp supporters have obviously gone to ukip . 
  it 's mainly because it 's europeans here that are saying that ukip is far-right , which i see as equating them with their own far-right parties ( which is unfair to ukip ) . 
  i mean the britain first part . 
  ukip are not even far-right , they do n't even have any policies which are far-right , they are still pro-immigration and not anti-islam . 
  you loved brexit before mate , 
  i hope so , if not they have been deceived . 
  no , nobody who voted leave gave a shit about that one quote in the campaign . 
  it was insignificant . 
  ukip are not far-right by any measure , find me a valid source that identifies them as far-right . 
  none of their policies are far-right either , they still support immigration for example and are not anti-islam . 
  this is / r/europe , unsurprisingly they have no clue what they are talking about when it comes to british politics . 
  good heavens , why am i listening to ? 
  no , reducing immigration was the biggest reason . 
  that is not synonymous with xenophobia . 
  and that 's including those who are from other european countries . 
  it also does n't imply that this is their primary identity , it could be their 2nd or 3rd . 
  regressive = not confining ourselves to one continent , a continent that we have never identified ourselves with ? 
  news to me . 
  something like that, 
  because we get downvoted on every single comment we post , and have been for months now . 
  venezuelans also do n't , yet some people seem to still think that brits will . 
  was also said during the referendum campaign , another example of the remain side scare-mongering us . 
  good decision, 
  at least one country has common sense, 
  wales voted to leave , this narrative that it is once again only the big bully england is false . 
  kinda taking a dig at the refugee crisis and germany potentially being politically divided in the future . 
  to be honest , i do n't think any of our countries will be divided , his comment just annoyed me a bit and made me retaliate . 
  we were also one of the biggest supporters of turkey joining the eu , shows how far away our governments are from the people they are supposed to represent, 
  well i suppose it was indeed a poltiical project , but people in 1975 were not voting in a prediction that it would escalate to what it is today . 
  nobody would have thought so many ee countries would have freedom of movement with the uk for example . 
   referendums are incredibly flawed devices and are n't the only way to have a direct say on government policy . 
  in an ideal world/country , sure , but when the two mainstream parties in a fptp system both support eu membership , there is n't much you can do . 
  many voted ukip to try and influence and pressure the government , which worked i guess . 
  i actually think germany will be more divided than the uk in 20 years , we 'll see though . 
   if your country did n't like that agreement , it should n't have joined in the first place . 
  i 'm not sure if you realise , but when we voted to stay in the eu in 1975 , it was n't the same eu . 
  there were 9 countries , 9 of the wealthiest countries in europe . 
  even more importantly , it was voting to stay in the common market , not the political union that the eu is today . 
  this was the first time in 40 years where the public could have their direct say on eu membership . 
  you are being pathetic . 
  stop trying to make silly analogies to try and seem smart . 
  if somebody is an eu citizen , we do n't have control over whether than person can enter and live in the uk or not . 
  it is not a choice when there is only one option . 
  same way scots do n't like the english , to distance themselves from them . 
  think he was referring to the uk , because of the attacks on those two poles . 
  yeah , bnp are not just ` right-wing ' , i do n't want white nationalists or nazis as my police officers . 
  i 've seen some other police in places like greece , no thanks . 
  just funny how you 're northern irish , but refuse to have the northern irish flag , then complain about that exact problem . 
   the way that downvote system works , the majority will simply bully the others into silence on reddit this is more prevalent on / r/europe than any other sub i 've been on . 
  the downvoting part i mean , it is ridiculous . 
  people here are so casual here with downvotes , it 's gotten beyond of point of downvoting because you disagree with them , it 's now downvoting simply because you decided you do n't like that individual . 
  just a little rant i 've wanted to go on for a while , this sub infuriates me sometimes . 
  northern irish guy with a roi flag , no bias here ? 
  you are obviously right though that the sectarianism needs to die out . 
  it 's not close , it included do n't knows and abstains . 
  22 % say they would want to rejoin the roi , says in the article . 
  the title almost implies that 37 % want to rejoin the republic of ireland . 
  actually only 22 % want to rejoin roi , and the rest either do n't know or say they would n't vote . 
  pretty misleading title from op , shocked me at first . 
  any reason in particular why poland accepted so many , or why poland has become a popular place for chechens ? 
  oh the amount of downvotes over the weeks i have received for sourcing information showing that scotland and ni do n't want to leave . 
  of course they are , have you seen some of these questions ? 
  meh , that 's just because it 's more politically correct to hate them . 
   ( it is the best that migrate for jobs ) no , the vast majority of eu migrants here at least have no skills whatsoever . 
  some are the very best who move for high wages , but the majority migrate here to work for minimum wage . 
  god bless, 
  to answer the first half of your comment , you 're literally sticking words into my mouth . 
  farage and johnston are not funded by the kremlin . 
  do you any clue wtf are you talking about ? 
  lol ? 
  i 'll make it simple for you , i said ` approved ' because farage was asked if he wanted his own rt show ( therefore they obviously approve of him ) . 
  not because he is funded by the kremlin . 
  already explained this but you chose to completely ignore it . 
  this is my last comment to you . 
  2nd part . 
  yes i do . 
  i know exactly what is happening . 
  but that does n't make anything i have said false . 
   let me guess , you identify as english ? 
  so you are saying that the majority of leave-voters wouldn \u00b4 t care if scotland left ? 
  why do you feel like majority of leave-voters indentify as english ? 
  i do n't identify as english , nice assumption though . 
  the reason why is because they tend to be more nationalistic and working-class . 
  you ca n't compare finland and sweden with scotland and britain or england . 
   seriously , can you explain to me how you ended up to this conclusion ? 
  what ? 
  just because the russian government likes something , does n't mean they control them . 
  why do i need to explain this to you ? 
  just because the russian government ` supported ' brexit , it does n't mean that every brexit politician is funded by the kremlin . 
   rt is not `` approved '' by the russian government , it is owned and therefore naturally funded by it . 
  is this news to you ? 
  i never said it was , i said nigel farage was ` approved ' by them offering to have a show . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
  you are talking completely out your arse simply because you want to argue with me . 
  that 's twice now within like an hour . 
  i must have really hurt your feelings by voting for brexit and having different opinions than you , i apologise for that . 
  just seems like he 's hunting me down and bombarding me with questions because i 'm a brexiteer . 
  rt uk is very different to rt in russia . 
  i said somewhere else that it means they are approved by the russian government , but that does n't mean they are russian puppets .
