  i never said that everyone was a right-winger , but what i said is still true , only a minority were from the left-wing . 
  so if polish people suddenly made up 90 % of the british population , it would be racist to suggest there are too many ? 
  by your logic borders in general are racist because they can stop foreigners coming in . 
   go fuck yourself ahh the tolerant left . 
  kinder , gentler politics . 
  how on fucking earth is he/she being racist ? 
  this is why nobody takes the word seriously anymore . 
  how many immigrants do you have to have until it no longer becomes racist to say there are too many ? 
  5 million ? 
  10 million ? 
  he is n't suggesting that at all , and that does n't mean we should n't reduce it . 
  leftist friends in the uk or germany ? 
  because most brexiters are right-wing and the vast majority support the tories and ukip . 
  ` great britain ' does n't really leave out northern ireland . 
  yes the geographical term ` great britain ' refers to the island , but the term it is often synonymous with ` united kingdom ' in normal speech . 
  most countries around the world say something similar to great britain . 
   great , another self hating brit prostrating himself for the approval of europhiles . 
  this is so fucking true , they shit on their own country , just so they can get the approval of all the other europeans , it 's hilarious . 
   also rather than a trump lunatic i would rather anyone else . 
  me too , except hillary clinton . 
  i think sovereignty is a very valid reason for scotland to leave , other than that there is n't much . 
  no , that 's the best reason for direct democracy . 
   let me guess 911 was an inside job ? 
  nah i think it was a terrorist attack organised by al qaeda . 
  i 'm not a conspiracy theorist , anybody who opens themselves up to reality knows that clinton is insanely corrupt . 
  anybody who pays attention knows that the entire establishment is against trump , not a conspiracy theorist to know that george soros owns the voting stations of 16 states in america , the multi-billionaire who is massively against trump , also known for his own corruption . 
  many electronic voting systems across america have been closed because they turn people 's votes from trump to clinton , system malfunction ? 
  unlikely . 
  let me guess , you think fifa is n't corrupt ? 
  let me guess , you thought that there was no corruption in romania ? 
  calling out corruption is just being a conspiracy theorist or a nutter , i get it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm guessing your talking about muslims , who make up 5 % of the population . 
  it will definitely increase , but we ca n't predict the demographics of our country in a few decades time , although they definitely will not overtake our natives , that 's for sure . 
  fair enough, 
  it is indeed , i think politics ( not everywhere but in some countries ) is becoming more of a debate about globalisation/globalism/economic liberalism etc , than normal right-left wing politics . 
  particularly the case with brexit and the american elections . 
  the working-class in developed countries have been the biggest losers in the entire world over the last few decades , globalisation simply has n't benefited them , both economically and socially/culturally . 
  considered that , but it 's definitely because it struck a nerve in all the european federalists who want to destroy self-governing nation-states . 
  not in the short-term , but i think it will be in the long-term . 
   trump winning is getting more unlikely than brexit vote ever was , what will you say if hillary wins ? 
  i will be very surprised , it 's already completely rigged for clinton , it 's just a matter of how successful the rigging will be . 
  i think that the rigging will not be enough to win . 
  coincidentally as i said that comment , look at what has just been leaked . 
  https://soundcloud.com/user-30899546/hrc-determine-who-win-1 hillary wanting to rig elections !, 
  that does n't make any sense , but okay :d, 
  that is n't why i voted brexit though is it ? 
  just saying it makes it that much sweeter hearing people like you cry because your globalist dream without independent sovereign states will soon come crashing down . 
  a trump presidency will also make it that much sweeter . 
  that 's the quickest 3 downvotes i 've ever gotten , less than a minute , must have hit a nerve . 
  edit : trump will win the election comfortably btw , so on november 8th i will return to gloat . 
  i 'm happy for brexit , this sub makes me feel good about my decision . 
  i found the picture funny though , funny enough to be on the / r/civ subreddit , but the fact that it 's popular on / r/europe is pathetic . 
  relevant flair and name, 
   we know firsthand what it feels like to be looked down upon by the brits we ? 
  your ancestors , yes . 
  you do n't though , so do n't act like you do . 
  definitely because they have a far larger population , racists do n't care which part of eastern europe you 're from . 
   there is no liberal islam . 
  ahmadiyya muslims are liberal , but unfortunately most muslims do n't consider them to be muslim and they are often discriminated against . 
  i imagine we will just copy + paste this trade deal , not 100 % sure though . 
   pm said he will recognize voter 's will and start exit process immediately in case voters vote leave . 
  pm broke promise and did not invoke article 50 one of the many scare-tactics the remainers used on the british population . 
   leavers break promise and state nhs will not get 350m pounds per week , the money supposedly going to eu bureaucrats . 
  the government did n't though , some people campaigning for brexit did , so it is irrelevant . 
  and if you must know , nobody gave a shit about that number , apart from remainers . 
   invoking of article 50 is slated for march 2017 , if promises of pm can be believed some wanted it earlier , others do n't mind taking our time , i personally do n't mind the march 2017 date . 
   you do realize that that site and the article is sites are right wing rags right ? 
  the site is indeed right-wing , but what they said in this article is correct . 
  i 'm sorry i could n't link the cnn article , because it obviously does n't exist . 
   hillary 's friend gave money to a democratic candidate ( which is normal in politics ) , whose spouse was an fbi employee . 
  by that logic , fifa is n't corrupt either , because that is the exact same thing they do . 
   yes because twitter is such an amazing source of information , nothing ever false on there . 
  twitter is n't the source , wikileaks is , twitter is just the place where it 's easy to navigate find the source . 
   and wikileaks clearly does n't have an agenda , nope not at all . 
  100 % accuracy record , nobody from the clinton camp has denied any of the leaks , why ? 
  because wikileaks have a 100 % accuracy and have valid evidence to prove it . 
  their agenda is to expose the truth , they did the exact same with bush . 
  please , keep denying corruption because you dislike the opponent so much . 
  nope , i 'm not . 
  i would explain but if you actually read the comments you 'd know i 'm not . 
  looking at your name and account , i think you might be a little obsessed . 
  what was annoying is that it gained so much popularity on this sub and elsewhere , lots of people here genuinely believe in this ` bregret ' myth , just because they want to believe it . 
  funny how it 's always about leave voters and their opinions . 
  i have n't seen one report about why remainers voted to remain , or ` what would make remain voters change their mind about brexit ' . 
  that might be the most irrelevant thing i 've heard . 
  we 're not talking about views right now , we talking about corruption and how this guy would vote for someone purely because they are are seemingly skillful enough to avoid being prosecuted for crimes and corruption . 
  just remember that you said you would vote for her because she is can avoid being punished for corruption . 
  hitler was skillful in how he took power , as was stalin , i 'm guessing you would vote for them too ? 
  it is n't down to her political skill , it is because she has the backing of billionaires and a large portion of the most powerful figures and corporations in america . 
  you can criticise trump all you want , but it is incredibly delusional to not see the massive dangerous problems with hillary clinton . 
   if she was the most corrupt president ever she is either so good at avoiding prosecution ... definitely this . 
  http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/fbi-agent-busted-taking-hillary-fbi-bribe-just-got-some-bad-news/ scandals like this for example that came out recently . 
  she and bill clinton are way too powerful to be successfully prosecuted for anything . 
  also , does avoiding getting punished for corruption make you a capable politician ? 
  it just makes you an evil , corrupt person imo . 
  i urge you if you are interested , to just check out wikileaks on twitter or something . 
  100 % accuracy record if you were wondering . 
  what 's even scarier is that a similar amount of people support the most corrupt potential president ever , hillary clinton . 
  although i would n't say they love her , just like her more than trump .
