  you have to get rid of the ideology of radical islam , and not let anyone in your country get inflicted with that ideology . 
  whether you like or not , france has no choice but to accept the fact that a lot of muslims live in france and a lot with continue to live there . 
  you also have the accept that these will continue to remain muslims . 
  you have to do things like support moderate muslims against the dangerous parts of islam , shut down saudi-funded mosques ( or any mosques spreading shit we do n't like ) , and not accept migrants into the country without knowing who they are . 
  also , i 'm not a lefty , i am blaming islam ( mainly radical islam however ) , i 'm just being pragmatic . 
  lol . 
  i was so fucking confused , i was expecting a great story from you man : /, 
  some do , some do n't . 
  we all know ` they ' is a tiny minority . 
  alienating millions of innocent people is unlikely to make things better , just my opinion though , no need to downvote my comment . 
  yeah , croatia is lovely , but the migrants have just been fed propaganda telling them that everything is perfect in germany and sweden , so they just ignore everything else . 
  are n't most chechens sunni muslim ? 
  what 's your story ? 
  are you not religious or christian ? 
  ( if you do n't mind me asking ), 
  they even said that they wo n't host any refugees but they are willing to help build and fund mosques for the refugees in europe . 
  i guess it would n't be too bad if radical islam did n't exist . 
  do n't you think this would alienate the current huge muslim population already living there ? 
  not opposing your idea , just saying it could make things worse if they tell people that muslims are not welcome in france . 
  edit : to justify myself , i think imposing a ban on muslims completely is only going to make an enemy of the peaceful muslims ( they do actually exist / r/europe ) in the country . 
  expanded on this further down . 
  i think they were bad guys who got guns even though they were n't allowed to . 
  yeah , that 's the reason, 
  understandable depending which part of england you live in, 
  lots of northern irish people feel very british and feel connected with the anglosphere and the commonwealth . 
  i 'm not an expert on northern ireland so i do n't know how unionists in ni feel towards roi . 
   england for a lot of reasons never truly belonged . 
  i agree , good luck to you guys though , we 'll always be your allies regardless of whether we are in the eu or not . 
  i agree , i do n't think many people here feel any connection to other europeans or feel european . 
  to be honest we are ignorant about europe , in that we no longer listen to european music , no longer care about european art , no longer care about european languages . 
  i 'm certainly generalising here , but you are blind if you can not see that we associate ourselves more with the anglosphere than with europe . 
  perhaps some people on reddit feel european , but i can assure you that the vast majority do n't , they either feel english ( or scottish , welsh , northern irish ) , british , or both . 
  i guess it 's a shame in some ways , but it is what it is . 
  we have every right to take our time in triggering article 50 , there is nothing antidemocratic going on . 
  what ? 
  what facts disprove that ? 
  and in the minds of the old people , it means it will be the young who get to reap the benefits of their decision for way longer . 
  labour were recently in power for 13 years straight , a win for the young people surely ? 
  how did that turn out ? 
  true , but any reasonable person should have been taught to respect other people 's views , especially when they are reasonable ( incoming ` brexiters are n't reasonable ' ) . 
  it 's not selfish voting , they could easily be voting because they want to help the younger generations , even if that means going against their viewpoints . 
  i would n't hate my grandparents because they have did n't views than me . 
  also they probably think that they are saving their grandchildren from their naivety , and that they will be thanking them in years time . 
  because they probably think they know better . 
  only on social media do you hear absolutely ridiculous opinions like yours . 
  how can you expect an 80 year old who has experienced everything in life listen entirely to his 19 year old grandson who has never even had a job ? 
  and young people attempted to force * their * own opinions onto the whole population . 
  old people are not guilty of anything just because they take part in elections and referendums . 
  i 'm not sure really , i do n't know how important that is to us . 
  i guess nuclear weapons makes us more respected on the world stage , but # 200 billion is too much just to make people think we still have a big dick . 
  surprised about spain , i thought it would be romania , i swear they surpassed morocco a few years ago . 
  they wanted to fuck over their children and grandchildren ? 
  no , they just have different beliefs and ideas , they made their decision because they thought it was best for the country , just like everyone else . 
  it 's said that his great resistance gave europe time to prepare against the ottomans, 
  imagine how pissed spain would get if this kept happening with catalonia . 
  even if all of those happen , northern ireland would still prefer to stay in the uk . 
  it is n't purely economical , and even if it was it might still be wiser to stay in the uk . 
  he 's your classic redditor, 
  the man that saved europe, 
  i actually disagree with renewing trident , but if we are gon na have it , you better be willing to push the button . 
  that 's what / r/europe seems to believe though, 
  oh okay , fair enough, 
  you really are a crazy one are n't you , why did you remove your irish flair ? 
  i did n't mean scots hate england , i meant / r/europe . 
  you alright mate ? 
   if german or france was mandatory in uk schools that would maybe help them to develop a sense of being european . 
  i think this is true . 
  also the older generations may have some knowledge of european art and music such as opera , but the younger generations have none . 
  it 's hard to identify as european when you know nothing about the rest of europe , it 's just a fact that brits are more attached to the rest of the anglosphere . 
  i do n't want to sound like a victim here , but english nationalism must be the most frowned-upon nationalism in the entire world . 
  and it only took 100 years, 
  everybody loves scottish nationalists on this sub because they hate england and the uk , pretty simple . 
  england are the bad guys , scotland are the good guys . 
  yup , palestinian reactions are the exact same ones we have seen hundreds of times in the past when similar situations have occurred . 
  canada , not america , but yeah that would be great . 
  turks are also very nationalistic though , the last thing they want is to lose their territory or for turks to be separated . 
  does n't surprise me one bit, 
  you are so obsessed with us . 
  every single comment i see from you is you attempting to attack the british or britain . 
  it 's not the 1800s anymore , you can calm down now . 
  thanks , the hatred and bitterness towards brexiteers and anyone who is n't pro-eu is getting worse and worse every day on this sub . 
  it 's like it 's brexiteers + swiss + norwegians vs everybody else . 
  i did , i was awarded with approximately 60 downvotes in this thread for it . 
  this subreddit is not open to any discussion or variation of viewpoints . 
  it is without the doubt the worst subreddit i take part in , complete cesspool . 
  this subreddit is even worse than youtube , i thought it was impossible . 
  no he was n't , so many fucking people here have 0 clue about british politics . 
  why on earth do i bother ? 
  the eu in a nutshell, 
   the number of people that actually care enough to riot is minimal . 
  i think you massively underestimate the situation . 
  17 million people voted to leave the eu , a huge percentage were extremely passionate too . 
  all these fully expect to leave the eu and will be pissed if we do n't . 
  if 10 % of these took to the streets ( i know dozens personally who would ) , that 's 1.7 million people . 
  add in those who might protest against the fact that democracy has been ignored , that 's a lot of pissed people . 
  i would be lying if i said i would n't support the protesters . 
  they riot for the sake of rioting and venting frustration . 
  they do n't riot to try and change the result of the season ( like the remain side would be doing if they rioted ) . 
  politics within northern ireland is more complicated than just the eu though , even if rejoining ireland meant greater prosperity ( which it probably would n't ) , there were be huge numbers who would still oppose it . 
  not really , because one side lost and one side won .
