  if it happens to be that their entire funding is by the kremlin though , then things may are different . 
   well , in short , because it is better to britain ( england ) . 
  it 's better for scotland , not better for britain as scotland is poorer . 
  just a fact , britain is more important for scotland than vice-versa . 
   i find this funny . 
  you are obviously very pro-brexit , but opposing scottish independence . 
  this seems to be the most usual combo . 
  the funny part is that leave-voters use the exact same arguments against scottish independence that they refused as `` project fear '' during the brexit-campaign . 
  i am wondering if you guys are able to see it yourselves . 
  big difference between leaving a market like the eu , and leaving a country . 
  but you are right that it seems hypocritical . 
  however , i want to point that that the majority of people who voted leave actually identify primarily as english as opposed to british , and many of these could n't care less whether scotland left or not . 
   can you provide me the source where you found out the support for independence has fallen after brexit ( i am not attacking or doubting you , just interested ) ? 
  http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/ihg707zgux/scottishtrackers_25-jul-2016_indy_w.pdf . 
  [ these 3 tweets sum up the report ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/759391336445440001 ) . 
  unfortunately this seems like the only report to go by since independence . 
   however , i failed to see if you think there is something wrong with their nationalism ? 
  i mean , do you think it is wrong they feel scottish , not british ? 
  do i think it is wrong that they feel scottish ? 
  i guess it would be wrong for me to suggest that it is wrong , but i certainly feel like the differences between the english and scottish are miniscule . 
  we have been united since 1707 when a scottish king inherited the english throne . 
  we have spoken the same language , had the same culture , and fought the same wars since then . 
  it feels like the scottish do not value any of this whatsoever , and have been taught in schools like the english are the evil overlord and that scotland have always been united with england against their will . 
  you 're right , but i wanted to stress that just because japan have survived with an ageing population , it does n't mean that other countries can do the same such as many ee countries . 
  i 'm english and would rather scotland remain in the uk for various reasons that i ca n't be bothered to list . 
  i think scottish nationalism is basically them seeing themselves as scottish and not british , perhaps similar to the british not seeing themselves as european . 
  another big reason is that they think british/english politics does n't represent scotland , another fair point . 
  i do n't think scotland will be independent in the next 10 years , too difficult to predict anything beyond that point . 
  people say brexit is a risk to britain 's economy , it 's nothing compared to what scottish independence would do to scotland 's economy . 
  also people are seeing through the snp 's lies , they do n't trust them as much as they did before the referendum , a big reason why support for independence as fallen . 
  in short , i see their nationalism as basically scottishism over britishism . 
  i would say that too , but russia is much more willing to use that power in aggressive ways , which is why they are seen as powerful . 
  fair enough , but i can assure rt uk is n't anywhere near as bad as some people suggest . 
  it is indeed state owned , but even russell brand ( if you know him , british left-wing comedian ) held talks with rt over moving his youtube series to rt. 
  if farage or brand went on rt , they would still talk about the same stuff , they would n't be dictated by the russian government , it just means they are approved by the russian government . 
  most rt news when it 's to do with the uk ( rt uk ) is actually just normal news and is actually true ( probably different when it comes to news within russia ) . 
  erm , i think he 's dead . 
  and although we do n't have a very popular nationalist party , likely due to our voting system , brexit was partly a nationalist revolt for many people . 
  there is only one thing russia has power over and that 's energy supply , but even then we do n't rely on them too much . 
  other than that they have 0 influence over us . 
  we are still one of the biggest powers in the world unlike portugal , probably as powerful as russia . 
  logic is n't allowed here . 
  he hates his country because he 's been offered his own show on a broadcaster that has the name russia in it . 
   mr farage told the telegraph that he had not agreed to front any programme for the broadcaster . 
  he has n't even accepted it but people here are insulting him for even being offered a show . 
  it 's not the number of the total population that matters , it 's the fact that the average age will increase dramatically . 
  this is even greater in countries like poland , where many young people emigrate . 
  everybody accepts that a massively ageing population is bad for economic growth and quality of life . 
  japan is doing okay because they are japan , but they will have more problems in the future too as a result . 
  i 'm jealous that they can start thinking about this now , learning from the mistakes and successes of other countries . 
  you expect that when it comes to the uk though as it 's known for having a large asian community , denmark is much more surprising , at least for me . 
  this guy has the answer, 
  lol , you are so naive . 
  you think that if we let the 6,000 in , that will be it ? 
  it 's just going to encourage more and more migrants to travel through france to get to calais since they know the uk will just let them in because ` the uk would be able to handle those just fine . ', 
  it was the french 's fault for not dealing with it early on and letting the camp build up to what it is now . 
  of course not , it was all france 's fault this situation escalated to what it is , so now the uk has to solve it due to the french being useless . 
  just your average middle-class lefty who feels good about themselves when they side with minorities , regardless of the cause . 
  that 's true actually , but because they are white they are n't seen as victims in the world or in western society . 
  also polish people do n't try to make victims of themselves and go out protesting like these people , they have a life to get on with . 
  yep , they probably do it to feel good about themselves , thinking they are actually fighting for a good cause . 
  white guilt is obviously strong among these . 
  i think the dutch are more similar to us than the polish , but it is still entirely possible if 700,000 dutch lived here that they would be possible victims . 
  because the only people here calling the uk racist are eastern europeans , so hypocritical . 
  thanks man, 
  i think this government ( and any british government ) are willing to be friends with anyone as long as it benefits the uk , particularly with brexit happening . 
  saudi arabia , china , russia , it does n't matter . 
  i 'm also pretty sure the public supports the improvement of relations with russia too . 
  these attacks are awful , but britain still remains one of the most tolerant and welcoming countries in europe . 
  no country in europe has experienced immigration over the years like we have , and countries in eastern europe who riot in the streets at the threat of accepting a few brown people have the balls to say we are n't tolerant . 
  funny because the only racist brits i have ever met are poles and south asians . 
  i ca n't imagine how poland would react if they had immigration like the uk has had the past 20 years . 
  sounds awful, 
   it 's not like it says anything considering whole continent is quite poor . 
  who else are you supposed to compare them with ? 
  it 's pointless comparing chile with western europe because the history is so different . 
  they really are your typical working class people , perhaps even more socially conservative , although most people on this sub seem to think only the smartest poles migrate to the uk . 
  he did n't . 
  he 's not excusing the crime , he 's just saying that poland also has their own problem with xenophobia , but they seem to be more bothered about the uk 's problem with it . 
  either that or he 's referring to poles in the uk being xenophobic/racist , i 'm not sure . 
  thanks , 
  ` british ' is seen as the identity that anybody can adopt , the more multicultural identity , whereas ` english ' is seen as the identity where you have to be ethnically english to adopt it . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/jun/30/ethnic-minorities-uk-british-research  ethnic minorities living in the uk feel more british than their white counterparts , research has revealed . 
  asians are n't really going to identity as european or english , so it 's always going to be british and whatever ethnicity they are . 
  it 's why during the referendum , brexiters were called ` little englanders ' , rather than ` little brits ' . 
  i can always rely on you , 
  big difference between fucking over the winning side and fucking over the losing side . 
  yes a similar number of people get fucked over , but if you fuck over the winning side , you are also fucking over democracy . 
  funny , because most ethnic minorities identify as british above anything else such as english or european . 
  i edited my first comment with a good source btw that 's pretty interesting . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/mar/20/britons-on-europe-survey-results-opinium-poll-referendum . 
   completely unrepresentative of the majority of those who voted remain . 
  most of the 48 % of perfectly fine , these ones protesting are the loony leftists . 
  i thought i made that clear . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  people on this sub just deny and deny reality . 
  the reality is the vast majority of brits do n't feel european or identify as european . 
  simple . 
  you 've been on this sub for ages and it 's easy to tell you are some middle-class lefty who fucking loves the eu despite being greek . 
   sorry for being harsh but we all need someone to bring us down to reality from time to time , you 'll thank me later .
