he 's extremely democratic , and is willing to go through with decisions if his party votes for it ( regardless of whether he personally supports it ) . 
  the party as a whole will not be as left-wing as corbyn is right now . 
  i think the confusion between average romanians and the romani people is quite high throughout much of europe , and lets be honest , it is n't the greatest stereotype to have . 
  true , my grandma had 12 brothers !, 
  yup , western european families were the same when child mortality was high in the 19th century , it 's just common sense, 
  what ? 
  this is happening everywhere , fertility rates all over asia are moving closer to western levels , even in africa , birth rates are dropping . 
  mmm , committing genocide on innocent people were great times . 
  correct and not only can , it simply does . 
  the population growth today in much of asia is mainly down to the very young population , and not due to fertility rates . 
  you do n't just feed them , you help them develop , so they do n't just starve to death in the future . 
  as you can see , african economies are growing at a rapid rate , poverty is decreasing http://rs.resalliance.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/africagraph.jpg, 
  you are so uneducated on this matter , so please do n't bother making comments like this . 
  thank god , the first person i 've seen in this thread who understands basic demographics . 
  nobody here has a fucking clue , and make stupid comments like ` cutting the charity shit and stopping feeding this insane population growth ? ', 
   they cant fix their starvation , but makes even more kids he does n't understand that these two almost always correlate . 
  people refused to accept that europe was the same in the 19th century , it 's just a process of development . 
  you do n't understand , as africa develops , they will have less and less kids . 
  it was only 100 years where loads of families in the uk were having 8 + kids . 
  they have so many kids because they need them , when they stop needing so many , they will have fewer . 
  this is known as the demographic transition model . 
  ( stage 1 being the least developed ) http://www.bbc.co.uk/staticarchive/d01fbdc5be6461d6acb7af10d767706c7a704d9b.gif, 
  well what the fuck do you expect when you occupied half the world in the past , with them speaking your own language ? 
  not only that , but countries needed immigrants following world war 2 , after the huge loss of working men in battle . 
   if western european governments didnt allow immigration in the 70s to you would have zero immigrants in western europe there were millions of immigrants before the 70s , you 're deluded . 
  well when european nations colonize the majority of the world and become the richest continent by far , it is to be expected that people will migrate there . 
  not everyone is obsessed with the white race here , they perhaps are in finland because your country is 99.9 % white . 
  ` overwhelming majority ' , sources on that ? 
  ukip did n't achieve an overwhelming majority . 
  does n't excuse blatant racism though , saying they there is no problem because ` they are white ' . 
  is it acceptable to say this in eastern europe ? 
  haha you wish it was a joke , remember the subreddit you 're on . 
  then why is n't sweden or finland being invaded , because trident has little to do with it . 
  it was pretty obvious i was n't being precise , although there are over 200 sovereign states , such as taiwan and kosovo , that are n't apart of the 195 ` countries ' . 
  definitely , young people ( < 23 ) also show up to vote less frequently , a demographic corbyn appeals to . 
  no they are not , 195 i believe , over 200 sovereign states though , such as kosovo and taiwan . 
  corbyn will definitely have to work hard to attract new support , but i agree that he can sell himself as the working man , who understands the population . 
  i feel that a large portion of the non-voters do n't vote because they feel no politicians understand or represent them . 
  do you want me to list every country without nuclear weapons , that are n't being invaded right now ? 
  because it will be a 200 country long list, 
  people are unhappy right now that he is against the bombing on the middle east, 
  you wish . 
  okay , moving on then i guess, 
  is that not a valid opinion to have ? 
  guaranteed victory regardless , at least this means there is actually an opposition . 
  same with me, 
  it was n't , but eastern europe is praised on this sub for being geniuses . 
  i 'm talking generally . 
  it is n't . 
  unless common sense = racism and selfishness, 
  it does n't seem like he cares whether they integrate or not , he just does n't want foreigners living in his country . 
  careful , you will get downvoted to oblivion if you do n't agree with that man, 
  why hide it when you are on / r/europe ? 
  free upvotes, 
  you would think it was obvious , shocking how many people still do n't realise they are sikhs , even when they do wear a dastar . 
  35 upvotes on a comment which is just fucking false, 
  not only islam , but in particular wahhabism , the main source of islamic extremism . 
  he puts a huge amount of effort in to his videos , and talks to people ( often subscribers ) from the countries he 's doing a video on . 
  his videos are generally very accurate and unbiased . 
  i 'm happy this thread was made , it has ensured me that this is not the right place for me , you will be missed / r/europe . 
  he was n't centre-left , but it 's true that he sucked just as much, 
  yeah , well our current government is right-wing and indeed does suck their dick, 
  i think we like them more than the rest of europe , seems like we are the bridge between usa and europe , similar to both . 
  sums up the intelligence of your country, 
  it was the exact same in western countries , when countries develop , they naturally have less kids . 
  you seem too ignorant though for me to continue explaining . 
  it 's astounding that you are being downvoted , what has this sub become, 
  yeah , estonia know very well , with all the refugees they accept ... 
  still , just because you ca n't save everyone , does n't mean you should n't save as many as possible . 
  what does space exploration have to do with saving refugees ' lives ? 
  sadly it seems only germans are willing to save lives , other countries are n't even willing to take a few hundred or thousand refugees . 
  we are more welcoming because we are more developed , if this was to happen 100 years ago , when we were not so developed , we would react the same as the middle east would react today . 
  the eu and the middle east are not equal , you obviously ca n't expect the same reactions . 
  that hurt . 
  how dare they rather live in a country that wo n't treat them as slaves , and actually give them human rights, 
  i 'm waiting, 
  nope , just bored of the same xenophobic arguments that are in the daily mail every day . 
  it 's ridiculous , it 's often the same countries who are strongly against it though . 
  germany seem to be more accepting , but czech republic , poland , finland , hungary and the uk seem to hate refugees . 
  damn you really hate us, 
  yeah , sorry that it 's so rare , british propaganda does wonders . 
  yeah , perhaps it just mainly is in the u.k , because of the history regarding the word , with pakistanis immigrating from the commonwealth . 
  i do n't know if you are aware that this a racial slur, 
  amazing what propaganda does, 
  interesting , i wonder the difference between male and female . 
  wow , i remember going iceland on a school trip , and we got told we had to shower naked in view . 
  we thought it was their way to telling us we 're not wanted , expecting us to leave because of that . 
  all of which are of course false, 
  to be fair , this is the most positive thing you have ever said about the uk . 
  definitely this , the turks we have are certainly more integrated , although ours are generally from cyprus i believe . 
  we still refer to east asians as asians , but it usually means indians and pakistanis because there are more of them . 
  you would say that , you 're the most right-wing person i 've seen , you 're everywhere . 
  damn it 's upsetting that they feel the need to do that because of propaganda and just the terrible media in our country, 
  why not ireland ? 
  i hope so , we were the only country to give you a positive rating :(, 
  ca n't even argue with that , perhaps we interpreted the question differently ? 
  do n't see why we would give ourselves that rating , but other countries like france not doing the same . 
  yeah i was also surprised that france liked england more than any other country liked england . 
  also surprised that germany only gave us 44 . 
  he can answer in french if he wants , its obvious we understand him in this case , the downvotes are n't really needed .
