  makes sense as the people who say ` scone ' are from the traditional working-class and pit areas in yorkshire and stoke . 
  there are lots of these maps . 
  really cool . 
  most eastern europeans will never blame themselves for anything . 
  it 's always either russia or the west . 
  it 's so they can fit in the text above . 
  his head would have been blocking the title , you can even see it here . 
  lol , it has nothing to do with racism or propaganda . 
  quite incredible how people assume everything is racist now . 
  it is obvious that this has been done to fit in the text above . 
  his head would have clearly blocked the title . 
  also this is over 6 years old btw . 
  why is everybody obsessed with race ? 
  race should n't matter . 
  yeah you 're wrong . 
  this cover is from over 6 years ago , and they did this so they can fit in the text above . 
  his head would be covering their title , you can see . 
  it 's because he would have been blocking the text , this is probably the only reason , seriously . 
  it looks like they 've just done it to fit in their title , look at the writing on the sun cover . 
  if you smile for no reason in russia you are seen as fake . 
  that 's what i remember reading anyway . 
  yup , this is honestly disgraceful . 
  neutral by arse . 
  this is more specific to reddit , rather than the internet as a whole . 
  said no one ever, 
  i said in my other comment that i was referring to romanians on this sub . 
  i do n't know about romanians in real life so i have no comment for that . 
  i agree with your first point , and it 's nice to hear the second one . 
   or , ofcourse it could be when a country `` fears '' refugees less then they accept larger numbers . 
  i think this is more likely . 
  no brits ever say anything negative about romania because we know we would have 50 romanians insulting us for it . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , i have never met any people more sensitive than romanians ( online ) . 
  all romanians on this sub have a chip on their shoulder . 
  on this sub at least , not in general . 
  i 've noticed that , romania hates the uk 10x more than any other country . 
  you said i was wrong when i was n't . 
  so i corrected you . 
  this is a pro-eu newspaper . 
  yeah , they 're not as bad , i was just comparing them because they both clickbait on every article . 
  well , they are . 
  just [ 15 % of independent readers voted leave ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-38227674 ) , and it is the mainstream left-wing newspaper along with the guardian . 
  it is biased towards the eu if anything . 
  the independent is left-wing and pro-eu , and most of its readers are pro-eu . 
  lol , you are so desperate . 
  also it 's not from a british newspaper , it 's from yougov , who are very well-respected . 
  the independent is like that , basically the huffington post, 
  quite a few of these incidents have happened in poland actually . 
  nope . 
  this was a racist attack . 
  ethnicity is included in racism . 
  if you attack somebody because of their ethnicity , it 's racism . 
   ethnicism you have just pulled this out your ass because you are so desperate to not use the word racism . 
  nobody uses this word . 
  just gon na bullet point some reasons , been a while since i 've thought about it . 
  unsustainable immigration negatively affecting wages of the working-class , also services ca n't keep up with a rapidly growing population like ours . 
  governing ourselves and making our own laws . 
  no feelings or any affiliation towards europe . 
  against further expansion and further integration of the eu . 
  against the eu in general , tries to evaporate the nation-state and against it 's bureaucratic nature . 
  i do n't think the eu can not be reformed for the better . 
  i hate the eu leaders . 
  if we do n't leave now , we would be leaving in 5-10 years anyway , the eu is simply not meant for the uk . 
   are you happy with the way things are going now ? 
  i try to not keep up constantly with every statement may says or rumours that go around . 
  i voted to leave, 
  apparently these two have some beef with each other, 
  well i can assure that is genuinely a very small minority . 
  like we are talking about a few cases in a country of 65 million people . 
  a significant number of people want net migration to be 0 , but the number of people who want deportations of eu immigrants is probably less than 1 % . 
  he is 100 % correct . 
  people think it would be morally wrong , and economically stupid to repatriate the eu citizens living here . 
  the only thing people have said is that we have to reduce immigration . 
  agreed, 
  i guess it could , but the entire left-wing will be pissed out their minds and call the government racist , fascist etc. 
  i just do n't think the government feels the need to do it , if ukip gained more support then they might make the decision to try and win some votes from them . 
  literally a graph for everything, 
  even a large percentage of the catholics want to remain in the uk , there is no chance northern ireland leaves . 
  the majority of the public support it , but there 's no way it will happen . 
  you would think that , you are literally daniel hannan , 
  i was n't necessarily complaining , just saying that the differences are very noticeable . 
  deluded, 
  b. . b. . but , my narrative !, 
  that 's sad , but understandable , to hear . 
  was this because of muslims , views on israel , or what ? 
  sorry for asking . 
  you can see that on this very sub . 
  people have insulted the roma in every way possible on this sub , because it 's simply accepted . 
  muslims are next , it is perfectly fine to insult them too , but not as much as the roma . 
  then come other groups like black people or jews , where it is not acceptable to insult them . 
  based israeli , 
  we are so intolerant towards poles that a million of them migrated here !, 
  i bet we would perform better than france if they asked that too . 
  you can keep trying , but you will always come to the same conclusion that the uk is very tolerant compared to other countries . 
  just wondering , why are france so much more intolerant than the uk ? 
  they always perform worse on these surveys . 
  he 's always like this, 
  the biggest cause of this is simply people wanting to stick to their own . 
  white people want to stay in white communities , pakistanis want to stay in pakistani communities . 
  because of culture , safety , and social interactions , among other things . 
  pakistan and iran are not arabic but they hate israel .
