  you put anybody else up against trump and i 'll probably support them , not hillary clinton though . 
  news in europe is so incredibly biased when talking about the us election , similarly , news in mainland europe is incredibly biased when talking about brexit and the referendum . 
  does n't surprise me that most europeans support hilary clinton as a result of this . 
  edit : would appreciate not being downvoted so people can actually see a different view for once . 
  well the uk is included in this deal , so it 's good for us . 
  i do n't support ukip and never have , and i posted it here so other people could see it . 
  against all immigration , it was just that we had free movement with the eu , and not with non-eu countries . 
  it 's a ukip supporter channel , ` robinhoodukip ' . 
  you 're the second person who 's said that now because of this quote . 
  you sound like a cunt for saying something like this because a 70 year old uses an old quote . 
  he 's irish catholic too . 
  just read all your 5 comments , wow you are a complete cunt , i was right . 
  mainly because they are often born here , and you can assume they were born here . 
  with eastern europeans you assume they are foreigners because the immigration wave is much more recent . 
  it was the opposite for me , and then i came on this sub ... 
  stop putting everything down to the press , the reason is the british people . 
  fair enough , but it 's obviously the same with left-wing papers . 
   you think those newspapers do n't publish stories that pander to the views of their readers ? 
  people buy the papers that appeal to their opinions , and then end up having their thoughts confirmed by the stories in them . 
  that is precisely my argument . 
  you are acting like they are socially conservative because they read those papers , i 'm saying it 's the other way around . 
  ahh the classic , people only voted to leave because of the media , nothing to do with personal views . 
  old people are only socially conservative because they read the sun or the daily mail , not the other way around ? 
  well it 's died down ( rightfully so ) because it 's obviously offensive , no doubt older people still use it though like my dad . 
  `` that 's a bit irish '' is the common phrase . 
  irish has been synonymous with ` stupid ' or ` dumb ' for a long time . 
  ` an englishman , scotsman and an irishmen ... ' jokes normally end up with the irishman doing something stupid . 
  netherlands can not into relevance, 
  because that is just how it is there , they have never had the freedom of expression that western europe has . 
  yeah , if there is anything the usa is good at , it 's freedom of expression . 
  my biggest fear about leaving the eu , the uk not being in all the interesting eu surveys . 
  i often wonder just how many cases of these exist , but have n't been discovered yet . 
  pretty scary . 
  do n't we all, 
  and it 's the opposite in america, 
  i still say czech republic is eastern european , most brits do . 
  we still use the iron curtain to be honest , it 's usually just the most convenient ( culturally and economically ) . 
  if i was to divide europe into more than 2 regions , i would say it is central , but we mainly just use western/eastern . 
  this will probably trigger some people , but i 'm just saying it how it is . 
  well actually , the title of the map is `` where in the world is it hardest to be a girl ? 
  '' , which actually makes more sense looking at the criteria such as teenage pregnancy , maternal deaths and under 18 marriage . 
  i could n't really expand on the teen pregnancy because i could n't really explain what i was thinking , so i just gave up . 
  i think the issue with the female mps is that it is often just a career choice that fewer women pursue than men , at least in western europe . 
  i just think it is important that equality of opportunity is guaranteed for women , rather than quality of outcome , which is what this is judging it on . 
  i ca n't speak for other european countries though . 
  well yeah that 's true . 
  but i feel like this implies that if you were a girl , where would be the ideal place to move to . 
  i guess i 'm just looking at it wrong . 
  they love the guardian because the guardian hates the uk . 
  although i think most people here are starting the realise that it is now extremely biased . 
  we have the highest teenage pregnancy rates in western europe , let us down . 
  the criteria here is really shit though , it 's decent for comparing developing countries though . 
  the criteria is pretty useless for developed countries at least . 
  under 18 marriage obviously is n't an issue , teen pregnancy ( lets the uk down on this ) is a weird one because it 's a choice ? 
  and female mps mean absolutely nothing when it comes to qualify of life for women . 
   first incident , dating from may , involved a man hit with a plank while speaking spanish in the street before brexit, 
  the attack in the title was also before brexit  first incident , dating from may , involved a man hit with a plank while speaking spanish in the street, 
  northerners are rougher and more violent , to be stereotypical . 
  they are more working-class which is a fact too . 
  you think these people really think logically ? 
  they are not some organised crime targeting spanish people , just racist cunts who were probably drunk at the time . 
  race might as well be ethnicity now , which makes it a racist attack . 
  usually gets removed for local news , at least in my experience, 
  well you obviously did n't say it for no reason, 
  he thinks it 's good that theresa may rejected sturgeon 's demands for a ` special brexit deal ' for scotland , which is why sturgeon is pissed off . 
  you think he wants to watch the world burn just because he does n't like nicola sturgeon , like the vast majority of brits , okay . 
  we used to always say it when we played call of duty , dunno where it came from though . 
  well i think time will prove me right , 
  \\ #worth, 
   one island at least you got this part right, 
  how deluded must you be to think that, 
  listening to scandinavians in this thread has made me realise the massive cultural difference that this map suggests . 
  they ca n't seem to comprehend that some people do n't actually want to leave their parents at a young age . 
  not she is n't , and that was why people were booing . 
  they did n't like being falsely accused of being xenophobic . 
   you can not deny that immigrants from eastern europe especially poland was one of the main argument against free movement in the eu i agree . 
   many people did vote like they did because they do n't like poles . 
  extremely small number , less than 5 % of brexiters for sure . 
  the main reason people voted against immigration from eastern europe like you say , is because they believe we have too many . 
  when it comes to eastern europeans , it 's not the people some have a problem with , it 's the numbers . 
  edit : downvoters , how high does immigration have to be for it to be acceptable to request it to be lowered ? 
  1 million a year ? 
  2 million a year ? 
  or are we not allowed to ever protest immigration numbers ? 
  they booed/groaned because she said that 52 % ( and a much higher percentage of hartlepool ) of the country did n't want her here , which is completely wrong and unfair . 
  she basically called 2/3 of the audience xenophobic , of course they 're not gon na clap her for it . 
  i mean even on reddit , no brits even care about the spanish armada , so it 's funny hearing someone say that we ca n't shut up about it . 
   i find it funny how the brits ca n't shut up about the spanish armada i have never heard a brit in my life even mention the spanish armada . 
  i understand you , it 's just this attitude that people think they are superior and arguments like ` stupid people should n't be able to vote ' . 
  also hearing people trying to tell others what * their * interests are , gets pretty annoying . 
  not all , but certainly a lot . 
  i have never seen a subreddit shit on a group of people ( the working-class ) as much as / r/uk does , that was what finally made me leave . 
  fair enough , good luck mate, 
  the point i was making was that the snp were laughably wrong with their prediction of scotland 's oil wealth , scots were told it was 10x more than what it actually is . 
  among other things , the difference is that they are having a 2nd referendum . 
  the scots wo n't leave , not after realising that the snp had lied about everything in the last referendum campaign , especially the value of the oil . 
  you know your union is great when you have to threaten anyone who dare leaves . 
  well , why is that ? 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_manila_\\ ( 1945 \\ ) )  the one-month battle , which culminated in the massacre of over 100,000 civilians and complete devastation of the city , was the scene of the worst urban fighting in the pacific theater . 
  along with the massive loss of lives , the battle also destroyed architectural and cultural heritage dating back since the city 's foundation  filipinos lost an irreplaceable cultural and historical treasure in the resulting carnage and devastation of manila , remembered today as a national tragedy .
