  it does n't / we do n't , i also did n't see any hate crimes against romanians after brexit , the ones i heard about were against poles . 
  ` opposition must be destroyed ' - the eu, 
  but this is reddit , on / r/europe , people here do n't believe that shit about you guys . 
  romanians on this sub get touchy over anything , and everything . 
  i think they have a chip on their shoulder because of the unfortunate stereotypes they have . 
  we wo n't be punished , even if all the citizens of the eu countries want us to be . 
  that 's fair enough , but it annoys me how all poles on this sub shit on the uk for their role in ww2 . 
  i also had family members in ww2 , my great-uncle died in it , we joined because poland was attacked , yes the uk was n't perfect , but it 's disrespectful when everybody acts like we did nothing . 
  we were still recovering from ww1 and were not in a strong position at all . 
  he 's asking because he is from jersey , a crown dependency of the uk, 
  same with the uk, 
  the last part of the question is why , the poll suggests that people want fewer romanians to migrate to the uk than the current levels ( obviously quite a lot in the past few years ) . 
  people probably do n't know how many nigerians are even migrating to the country . 
  it does n't necessarily suggest that people like nigerians more than romanians . 
  yep , we did n't even fight in the world wars did we ? 
  did n't contribute anything , not like the nazis would have slaughtered all the ethnic poles if we did n't fight in the war , you 're welcome . 
  edit : poles are so sensitive , most downvote-happy people ever, 
  i agree , but the point still stands . 
  you will probably get downvoted , but you are correct that there is a massive divide between west and east when it comes to tolerance . 
  this is okay and normal , but not when you try to treat every european country equally , expecting eastern european countries to have the same reaction as sweden on issues like this . 
  i think what he actually means is muslim discrimination , as opposed to you saying ` islam should be destroyed ' or something . 
  ah okay , makes sense . 
  ah yes , estonia might be the favourite actually . 
  certainly has , czech republic is loved here too . 
  poland has always been / r/europe 's favourite country, 
  i do n't know what biased news you europeans are reading , but it 's baffling how you all think the uk is n't leaving the eu . 
  i disagree , i think we will no longer have freedom of movement , regardless of what that requires . 
  and now that we are leaving the eu , spain will have the option of accepting or rejecting more brits into their country , they do n't have that freedom right now . 
  we will trigger article 50 next year, 
  tad harsh ? 
  it 's full blown nazi shit . 
  new account , do n't know whether he 's a troll or not . 
  we will . 
  i 'm not sure how it works , i would imagine they take average age into account . 
  it 's interesting because in the uk , poles have the highest fertility rate after pakistanis . 
  fucking guardian ... 1 . 
  not all wanted to stay here in the first place , about half who migrated here have since returned to poland . 
  those who did want to stay here , still do , because they know life here is good and have settled down . 
  maybe it is a different story for the few that have actually experienced xenophobia , and that 's upsetting . 
  they were slaves before we took them , not that it justifies it , but do n't act like the europeans invented slavery . 
  the west african slave trade was huge and nobody loved slavery more than west african leaders who supplied the europeans . 
  when the british wanted other countries to abolish slavery , they were the least happy about it . 
  and i 've lived here all my life , but sure you know far more than me . 
  when i said the next part , i meant the next part , as in us loving pakistanis and hating eastern europeans . 
  also flair up son . 
   ukips policy , which echoed many working class views was that we should only allow skilled immigration . 
  not just working-class views , the vast majority of the country 's views . 
  it 's common sense to let people into the country only if you want them in the country . 
   even so , if it were n't for the poles , the largest foreign born minority would have been the indians followed by the pakistanis , despite their `` tought time entering the uk '' . 
  that 's because indians and pakistanis have been coming to the uk since the 1950s , a time when we had a labour shortage and needed foreign workers . 
  the next part of your comment is just stupid and ignorant . 
  yes , but they still do n't like the idea of having freedom of movement with europe . 
  also we do n't have anyone from northern africa , that 's france . 
  it 's settled down tbh since the brexit vote . 
  the few weeks after the vote were unbearable . 
  scots do , snp do n't . 
  i actually googled the word ` defy ' because i was sure i was mistaken . 
  a positive article from the guardian ? 
  wise choice, 
  should n't need the olympics to tell people that , we are the 3rd/4th most powerful country in the world . 
  after usa and china , probably tied with russia . 
  it 's officially jus soli , just with restrictions . 
  you 're right that it is n't 100 % jus soli like in the americas though . 
  you can become british just by asking nicely . 
  i thought the dutch also had jus soli , turns out it 's only the uk , ireland , france and germany ( and all the new world ) . 
  that 's what i assumed , but it 's hard to get statistics on it so i do n't want to say it . 
  all i know is that if you look at your local area 's ` most wanted ' , the vast majority of people will be eastern european . 
  the uk and new zealand are just good friends ? 
  many travel to live there and vice-versa , sometimes it 's more sentimental than just money . 
  well obviously there are still many eu migrants in uk prisons , that 's what people were unhappy with . 
  a few thousand have indeed been deported . 
  it has nothing to do with economics , it 's to do with the fact that the uk and new zealand have essentially the same culture . 
  it should n't be taken as an insult to romania , he 's just staying that we have always been closer to new zealand than romania historically . 
  never mind the fact that the majority of new zealand 's population are of british ancestry . 
  you can commit crime without going to jail , and also thousands of eu criminals have been deported , so that also impacts eastern european 's prison statistics . 
  romanians are without a doubt the most butthurt people in europe , offended over everything , nearly as easily offended as muslims . 
  he 's just saying we are closer historically and culturally to new zealand than romania , most of them are literally british people . 
  this is the first time i 've seen such a comment upvoted on this sub . 
  maybe this thread only attracted those anti-eu ? 
  i hope people are starting to see that our decision was actually a sensible one . 
  but it would n't get anywhere close to 325 medals like the eu are suggesting . 
  they are both , central america and the caribbean are not continents . 
  the only part that annoyed me is that most people do n't realise how the olympics work , the eu could send 10x more people than the usa could send . 
  as a result a lot of people genuinely thought if the eu was a country it would dominate everything . 
  other than that , just banter . 
   why is that ? 
  because we came second ? 
  ahead of china , russia , germany and japan . 
  also , we are the only country ever to have more medals in the olympics after they hosted . 
  even in the australia example , they did better in 2000 except for 1 gold medal . 
  the australia example is a massive one-off too , most countries do far worse in the olympics following the one they hosted . 
  you need to try harder if you want to discredit great britain 's performance . 
  yes you are correct . 
  the point i was trying to make was that i recognise that some overseas territories compete in the olympics despite not being sovereign states . 
  should n't have said they are a part of the uk , just that the uk has sovereignty over them . 
  thanks , i did n't agree with his second point anyway . 
  you are correct , the uk has sovereignty over them but they are not actually part of the uk . 
  i do n't even know why i said were , i know they are not . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-19/u-k-said-to-see-brexit-most-likely-triggered-by-april-next-year this is n't a date said by may or anything , just what people are predicting . 
  in the olympics , we compete as ` great britain & northern ireland ' , just shortened to great britain in most cases .
