  honestly , it 's because flags do n't mean as much to english fans as much as you , apparently . 
  perhaps more of a cultural difference , to these guys it 's just a flag , not much more . 
  see 2 good videos of irish fans = all irish fans good see 2 bad videos of english fans = all english fans bad, 
  stupid people do stupid shit , why on earth are you offended by some idiots hundreds of miles away doing stupid shit ? 
  [ in the suggestions , polish english german fans chanting together in underground during france euro 2016 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hjg2b0mlhu ), 
   i 'm voting for brexit . 
  prepare for downvotes son, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  these are just drunk idiots . 
  the hate on this sub for england/uk is as strong as it has ever been . 
  you 've had the highest birth rate in western europe for a while , so that is playing a big part, 
  you know right now sweden 's muslim population is 5 % ? 
  it will definitely increase , but i highly doubt it will go above 15 % by 2050 . 
  ca n't predict anything though . 
  both are ~ 5 %, 
  also funny how none of them are commenting , because they have no arguments . 
  they would n't , the other countries would be poor as shit, 
  definitely not almost always , but it 's a fact that people who identity themselves as ` english ' over ` british ' are more likely to be eurosceptic and ` nationalistic ' . 
  a survey was done on this somewhere . 
  i 've seen , apparently a few people , pretty crazy, 
  the most idiotic thing i 've ever heard , there are random terrible people and criminals on both sides . 
  this is obviously just propaganda , but i hope people just vote on what they believe is right . 
  who 's gon na change their mind on the eu referendum because of one psychopath ? 
  said latvia because the original guy who shat on russia was latvian ^, 
  as opposed to latvia , with all their great achievements which have brought many things useful to the world ? 
  this guy is justifying his constant hatred of russians in every thread , because he ` meets russians every day ' . 
  and that 's fair enough , but the original guy was n't commenting this , he was just shitting on the entire russian culture and it 's achievements . 
  if i was to say the same about latvia or lithuania , i would be crucified . 
  yeah , some may be true , but that does n't mean people should take any opportunity to shit on all russians . 
  it would n't be acceptable if it was any other country, 
  i meet black people every day , does that mean i should shit on black people in every thread ? 
  prejudices against russia are perfectly acceptable on / r/europe . 
  people from the baltics do it in every thread , it 's crazy . 
  because they do n't focus on the eu , how can you expect people to vote to stay in the eu if even the campaigners ca n't think of good things to promote about it ? 
  and they wonder why brexit is winning, 
  people on this sub are fear-mongering more than david cameron , it 's crazy . 
  i would say it 's still balanced , but the heavy presence of ukip voters is very noticeable . 
  you 're right that ukip is over-represented in the sub , but other than that it 's reasonably balanced . 
  it 's right-wing compared to the younger population , but for the population as a whole it 's relatively balanced . 
  sshh this is / r/europe , we 're circlejerking here . 
  i have n't heard any demonisation of eastern europeans . 
  possibly turks , but not eastern europeans . 
  you 're right though , it is indeed a sausage fest, 
  it 's more representative regardless , over half of the people in / r/unitedkingdom voted for labour , completely bias but they refused to recognise it . 
  i say this as a labour voter myself . 
  ahh i see you frequent / r/unitedkingdom . 
  it must be hard for you to accept that / r/ukpolitics is 10x more representative of the population than / r/unitedkingdom . 
  maybe a tiny bit closer , but it would still be way off . 
  i bet you did n't think that muslims made up 1 % of america 's population , you probably thought it was  10 % . 
  dad 's returning home , 
  it 's not happening , just the remain side fear-mongering as always, 
  perhaps your right , politically we are definitely aligned more with you guys . 
  ignore him , he just is n't a funny guy . 
  agreed here as well , i personally hope denmark follows the uk out of the eu ( just my opinion , pls no downvotes ) . 
  we love you too < 3, 
  i mean i voted labour , but you are deluded so i do n't expect you to understand anyway . 
  lol !, 
  / r/uk !, 
  of course mate , it 's / r/uk . 
  the fact that you think that 's representative of the population shows have far away from reality you are . 
  you will be in for a shock when brexit wins . 
   most of the ` scaremongering ' has been raising legitimate concerns . 
  it has n't , it really has n't . 
  cameron has just announced that pensions are in jeopardy . 
  he said a few months we would be fine outside the eu , now he 's saying it 's going to be a massive crisis . 
  [ what the population thinks ] ( https://twitter.com/lordashcroft/status/741744444823605248 ), 
  of course it is , whether something is scare-mongering or not is a matter of opinion , so of course you have to ask the general public . 
  no victim complex , it 's just that you always spout bullshit on this sub because you can get away with it as the europeans will support you . 
  perhaps you 're right , i just think that different people around the world will have different biases and therefore think different people were the worst . 
  some will say mao and hitler were the worst . 
  i think hitler would have undoubtedly been the worst , but his reign did n't last as long or have the everlasting effect that stalin 's did . 
  just had this through my door http://i.imgur.com/5u8c99l.jpg, 
  do n't pretend the remain side are n't doing the same , if not worse . 
  in a pool surveying british people , the majority of people said that the remain campaigning were scare-mongering the most . 
  we 'll see what happens when the biggest lobby in the whole of europe , the german car industry , loses it 's biggest market ( the uk ) . 
  are you talking to the wrong person ? 
  when did i suggest that it harms them more than us ? 
  my point still stands , it would be stupid for a country like germany to harm their own economy out of sheer spite for the uk . 
  the uk would be the eu 's biggest export market in the world ( if we were n't in the eu ) , ahead of the usa . 
  edit : incredible how in denial europeans are , do n't know why i bother on this sub . 
  we have a # 64 billion trade deficit with the eu , the more they punish us , the more they punish themselves . 
  come on , do n't compare yourselves to countries like iraq and pakistan , you 're better than that . 
  genuine question , what 's hungary like in terms of lgbt rights ? 
  is it better than poland ? 
  yeah definitely , credit to the government . 
  / r/ukpolitics , y' know the sub designed for political discussions surrounding the uk, 
  this sub is the just the place where remainers can come cry to europeans , who all collectively shit on all the brexiters . 
  no way , a german not liking humour ? 
  our own media are the ones who painted us as the instigators . 
  except when the russians are there , then it 's normally the russians, 
   main reason that euro 2012 was so peaceful in poland was it ? 
  i remember always hearing shit kicking off , perhaps that was in ukraine , not sure . 
  then again i think the biggest controversies were surrounding racism , rather than physical violence . 
  perhaps this is a bigger reason why there were no major incidents , do n't want to sound pessimistic though . 
  uefa said england are n't getting any punishment , russia are . 
  luckily for us the uk is a democracy , so we can hold our government accountable and vote them out if the population agrees that they are n't doing well enough . 
  the worst thing is that this in marseilles of all places, 
  good timing , most of the big hooligans are in france for the euros . 
  probably wanted a symbol for islam , but he 's an idiot, 
  this cartoon does n't suggest that the uk is anything great , just that the eu is shit,
