  apparently everybody in this thread are professional artists or something . 
  or in your case , cry because people have a different opinion to you . 
  he 's putting labels because they require them , unless you can immediately tell that shark = political correctness . 
  they 're way too stubborn to change anything , we got nothing when a referendum was certain , the eu is impenetrable to change . 
   whats wrong ? 
  perhaps wishing destruction on 65 million people , just so you can prove a point like a little kid . 
  grow up, 
  we 're actually very tame compared to most of europe . 
  do n't have fascist far-right ultras or anything , just a few thugs . 
  i would like to point out that immigration is only one issue , possibly not even the main one for the leave side . 
  i think the biggest one is sovereignty , and as most brexiters see it , ` putting british people first ' . 
  being at university and voting leave like i am is literally suicide . 
  are you insane or just retarded ? 
  will harm europeans just as much as us so it 's your choice . 
  we 're winning because it 's average people vs elites . 
  the only country that is probably less racist than the uk is canada or new zealand, 
  by that logic germany today is the most racist country in the world , because they were in the 1930s . 
  i 'm talking about modern day , where eastern europeans still remain largely racist and xenophobic , no matter how much they want to deny it . 
  the british public, 
  finally i agree with a frenchman, 
  i have never heard them say one pro-russian thing ever . 
  would n't surprise me if farage has complimented putin 's personality or something before , but they are certainly not pro-russian . 
  same reason why forcing democracy in iraq never worked . 
  former colonies often heavily relied on the colonial power for years after too, 
  i ca n't imagine eritrean women are much more privileged than men . 
  even funnier because people upvote it , they agree with anything if it fits their agenda . 
  the british public , did you just ignore the link at the top ? 
  that 's the great thing about being the winners in history , this is n't widely accepted or brought up as much . 
  just makes me wish for brexit that much more, 
  you would n't get canada saying this about us , we are actually friends with canada and much of the anglosphere . 
  i think because of brexit , europeans feel like we are betraying and dislike them . 
  / r/europe has always not been particularly fond of the uk , but brexit has made it 100x worse . 
  it 's main demographic are middle-aged conservative women , not the type of people associated with dark humour . 
   what 's the point of a union if every member has to negotiate their position with the rest of the members . 
  indeed , which is why the eu is deemed to eventually fail . 
  the eu benefits some countries much more than others , it 's impossible to keep everyone happy and right now it 's the uk who are the least happy . 
  you * feel * like it does . 
  if the eu genuinely cared about us , why would they leave such little room for decent negotiation , just months away from a referendum . 
  also in my opinion , the eu does n't care about the citizens of any country , not just the uk . 
  been in the eu for roughly 40 years , all countries while they have been in the eu have tried to change it for the better , including us . 
  i sympathise with much of the pro-eu argument , but the argument that believes we can reform the eu for the better is straight up delusion . 
  yeah that 's fine , but we want changes that do actually benefit us , like everyone else in the world . 
  why would we want to be part of a union that does n't benefit us or care about us ? 
  she 's been trying to fix those problems for 40 years , but to no avail as you are too stubborn to change . 
  even when she threatened to leave , you negotiated nothing . 
  do n't blame us , blame the eu . 
  ages 18-30 are indeed pro-eu , but that is irrelevant as all opinions matter , not just young people 's . 
  reading this is just more evidence that the eu is simply not for us . 
  it 's great for people in other countries , but it 's clear that the british public just have different views than the rest of the eu . 
  nice to know our fellow eu friends like us . 
  another reason we should flee to our real friends on the other side of the world . 
  we do n't have the freedom to make our own free trade deals independent from the eu . 
  many laws the british government want to put through are blocked by the eu ( mostly for good reasons , but limiting sovereignty nonetheless ) . 
  how the fuck has this been upvoted , of course we have free movement with the eu, 
  well you 're not really in tie with us , we 're 5th and you 're 6th , 
   ` slowest growing economic bloc in the world ' but this is n't wrong ? 
  all the economic blocs around the world in places like the americas , africa , south-east asia , are all growing faster . 
  of course this is mainly them catching up to us , but correct nonetheless . 
  ah , you 're right , i misread . 
  cheers !, 
  jesus fucking christ , one time . 
  since when was it sensible to judge thousands of people on one incident ? 
  i can easily point out a single incident in germany , and then just say they 're all terrible . 
  no english ultras are linked to neo-nazi groups , same ca n't be said in germany . 
  yeah i agree , that 's why i said at once . 
  we do n't drink more than other , we just do it all at once . 
  at least not as much as us at once , except the irish , but they are just as bad as us abroad . 
  they do the same here , the alcohol is just more expensive so they 're more limited . 
  similarly , i 've never heard of any brits going to estonia , mainly bulgaria and the mediterranean . 
  our hooligans are probably the most moderate . 
  compare our hooligans to that in holland , italy , poland , germany , went spent many years trying to remove hooliganism . 
  no neo-nazis and no fascist shit unlike the other countries . 
   bust their ass for money no brit would even think of working for . 
  just a myth , working-class brits are n't some posh cunts scared to get their hands dirty . 
  what jobs do romanians and bulgarians do that ` no brit would even think of doing ? ', 
  the brits would do the same jobs , just probably for a different wage . 
  just be grateful you own a bath, 
  funny what alcohol does, 
  it 's funny because the uk does n't even have a free trade deal with canada because of the eu . 
  how deluded do you have to be to think that leaving the eu means isolationism ? 
  it 's the complete opposite . 
  while in the eu , we ca n't sign independent free trade deals with other non-eu countries ourselves , leaving the eu means we can make free trade deals with countries all over the world . 
  you are allowed to just spoil the vote in mandatory voting , essentially abstaining . 
  then why do you hate england so much ? 
  pop down to the lake district and then call england ugly , we have nice areas too , 
  probably because the poorest areas are really poor , that as well as decades long stereotypes . 
  let me guess , england = london ? 
  you know it 's an unfair statement to call an entire country ` ugly ' . 
  we had bad stereotypes about the poles in 2004 when most arrived , since then it 's died down because the population realised they are just like us . 
  the same thing has happened with romanians in recent years , it will shortly die down too . 
  people in general are very ignorant of the unknown , and much of romania is unknown to people like the brits . 
  i 'm sure the view is nice, 
  funny that , back when i knew nothing about the eu , i was 100 % pro-eu . 
  the more and more i learned about the eu , the more eurosceptic i became . 
  so it is , always thought it was yorkshire, 
  30 ace schools in the uk , 5000 + in the usa, 
  i went to a church of england school , like most primary schools are , and we were taught evolution later on . 
  ... shit , they 're on to me boys ... 
  i think logic and common sense is prioritised in international relations over some people being upset that we left . 
  countries in the eu are n't stupid enough to let bitterness take over their political decisions .
