  i 've made up my mind , but i am not the entire uk , and definitely not david cameron . 
  so deluded , venezuela , japan , new zealand , trinidad and tobago . 
  some examples of countries who have visa-free access to the eu . 
  if you think we wo n't also have visa-free access you 're crazy . 
  if this is how they treat us before a referendum , why on earth do people think they will treat us better after the referendum ( if we stay ) . 
  nobody imagines it will be like switzerland and norway . 
  ah the left-wing sub that shits on the working-class every single thread . 
  wow , how fucking rich and powerful do we need to be ? 
  5th largest economy in the world and yet we ca n't join the other 170 countries in the world that are n't tied to a political union ? 
  damn , not one player from the east midlands, 
  yeah i agree , it definitely won the lottery in terms of its location which has given it a massive advantage . 
  still , plenty of countries have inherited great resources but have done terribly because they have relied on them etc. 
  credit to norway . 
  yet they still use more renewable energy than us and you guys . 
  you 're not wrong ... 
  norway just seems to be ahead and the best at everything, 
  similarly , east asia could n't care less about the armenian genocide question popping up, 
  most of their atrocities in china and across east asia, 
  i personally never seen any turk nationalists , most turks in this sub seem to be the smartest around . 
  yeah , it 's shame that assyrians rarely get any recognition compared to the armenians . 
  i feel like he is a little more restricted for some reason . 
  they seem to lack the creativity he used to have . 
  yeah it is , but honestly , everybody assumes it 's not the indians . 
  you actually never hear about indians in the news because they are never doing anything wrong . 
  their only conflicts and problems are within their communities , not affecting the rest of the population . 
  in the uk , asian pretty much means south asian ( indian , pakistani , bangladeshi ) . 
  we have barely any east asians here so nobody thinks japanese or vietnamese . 
  at least in the uk the right-wing are pro-israel , and the left-wing are anti-israel . 
  probably not ? 
  haha , ca n't even argue with that , it 's true . 
  every single one of these threads always makes me hate british tourists for giving us all a bad name . 
  ` users here ' , surely not on reddit and / r/europe right ? 
  probably here because of the eu referendum and how the greens are pro-eu ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i agree , i was n't trying to be mean , it 's just it 's always the baltic states on / r/europe who do it . 
  much of their ideology is anti-semitic , it 's engraved in their beliefs . 
  always rely on the baltics to remind you, 
  just do your best to upvote the good ones and downvote the shit ones . 
  he 's trolling , and he 's hilarious at it . 
  just go through his comment history if you do n't believe it . 
  and i really do n't care because i do n't even like ukip, 
  ` open-door immigration ' , ` reduce immigration ' . 
  anti-immigration implies they are against all immigration , they are not . 
  i do n't even like ukip , but they are not opposed to immigration or isolation like some other parties , jesus ... 
  i just listed two of them , but i 'm not talking about our opinions , officially they are not recognised as a far-right party by anyone . 
  also , they are not anti-immigrant , just anti-eu . 
  they are not far-right , not my opinion but just what they are recognised as . 
  please , point out what is far-right about ukip . 
  they are not ethnic nationalist , not even specifically against islam like other parties are . 
  ukip are nothing compared to those , ukip are n't far-right . 
  ukip are n't really considered far-right in the uk , because they are not far-right . 
  not that commonwealth silly ... 
  i love your persistance even when you know people might downvote you and think you 're an idiot . 
  keep it up 10/10, 
  what differences are there in religion between albanian muslims ans kosovo muslims ? 
  or did you mean that it 's different because muslims make up a smaller percentage in albania ? 
  we just have blinds or curtains on the inside , so the opposite of you guys really . 
  we have the smallest houses in the eu , we might have small rooms too , not sure . 
  key word houses though , as much fewer brits live in flats compared to the rest of europe . 
  no problem , just wanted to clear that up . 
  have you seen my other comments , i know it was n't just expulsions , i was just saying that if you describe what happened to the circassians as just ` expulsion ' , the same has to be said for other genocides , which is wrong . 
  please , continue telling me how i and 65 million other people think . 
  what 's worse is that they have been oppressed by various peoples for centuries , and even today they are attacked because they are mistaken for muslims . 
  ca n't you just move to another city or town ? 
  or even just another area of the city or town ? 
  multicultrual societies work when the cultures accept each other , and that there still remains one fully accepted culture ( british , swedish ) . 
  if the different cultures accept the principles and values of the ` main ' culture , there are usually no problems . 
  their religion is all about helping others and accepting others . 
  i 'm sorry but honestly , some religions are simply better than others . 
  in that case you should be fine when people are n't politically correct towards eastern europeans , works both ways . 
  nothing , nothing at all :(, 
  ahh yes , it 's the same with me and the uk . 
  i will constantly insult my country for it 's inequality and problems etc , but as soon as a foreigner insults my country ( mainly without reason ) , i will get super defensive of it . 
  it 's probably because there are much more romanians here than vietnamese , algerians and albanians . 
  also because the romanian population here have mainly arrived in the last few years . 
  imo , i think this is normal and is n't some conspiracy against romanians . 
  i mean , you are assuming it 's for begging , and assuming romanians are more likely to be arrested multiple times , rather than more individuals being arrested . 
  however , perhaps it 's a valid assumption now i think about it , romani are probably more like to be involved in the petty crime , as opposed to serious crime , where there is n't an actual punishment . 
  nobody complains when it 's directed towards muslims , but as soon as people link statistics about romanian crime in other countries , everybody starts crying . 
  unless i 'm missing something else ? 
  people are constantly praising romania for getting rid of corruption , their growing economy etc. 
  most people on reddit love romania , and eastern europe in general . 
  romanians are much more likely to criticise romania than other europeans are . 
  sounds familiar, 
  they did intend to destroy them , which is why they burned down all their villages and forced them out the homeland . 
  destruction does n't necessarily mean murdering all of them , although that did occur to an extent . 
  in the un definition , murder is only 1 of 5 points . 
  the others include the forced transferring of children and causing serious mental or bodily harm . 
  also see my other comment which i replied . 
  it is known that the russian troops destroyed villages and all resources of food , deliberately leaving civilians to die by starvation . 
  it is also known that many massacres against civilians occurred during the expulsion . 
  the un definition of genocide includes ` deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ' , which is what the russians did during the ethnic cleansing of circassians . 
  because the genocide has fewer records than other genocides , it is indeed difficult to gather good evidence however . 
  although you are correct , i think it 's still important to not deny certain events like this . 
  they are not ( and should n't be ) seeking reparations or money , they just want recognition . 
  it is absolutely a genocide , you are also arguing that the armenian genocide was n't a genocide , because they were simply expelling them . 
  you do n't have to deliberately mass murder people for it to be a genocide , even though this was actually sometimes the case in the circassian genocide . 
  the holodomor was also a genocide , as was the irish famine . 
  still a cute little girl in the eyes of the media and the middle-aged mothers obsessed about her . 
  ah , it was the online poll where leave had a 4 % lead , not 2 % , sorry .
