  it 's a bit of a populist move , even if it 's a ` good ' one . 
  that 's a shame , i think most brits will see that as giving us the middle finger . 
   that 's a good thing , not a bad one . 
  yeah , well , that 's just like , your opinion , man . 
   meh , she 'll die soon and we 'll get rid of the monarchy . 
  i hope you do n't , and i think it would be stupid , but it 's up to you guys . 
  nobody expects the polish inquisition, 
  canada is lacking tradition as it is , why are you so desperate to get rid of the little tradition you have ? 
  you want to get rid of christmas too ? 
  never mind the fact getting rid of the monarchy is just a lot of work for little outcome . 
  that 's all over europe , do n't worry . 
  poland still seems like the most proud european country to me . 
  you 're second in the uk now too . 
   may it be because some retirees do not officially set their residence in spain ? 
  well it 's possible that they might live there for only a part of the year , so they are still officially living in the uk . 
  i do n't know too much about it though . 
  well ... yeah . 
  brits can afford to go somewhere with nicer weather and somewhere where houses are cheaper . 
  why would anyone move to britain to retire ? 
  we did well to beat germany though , that surprised me . 
  i usually compare us to france because we are normally about the same , they did poorly on this though . 
  is n't that always the case ? 
  it 's a pretty accepted fact that canada is more well-off than the us . 
  i have never met anyone who has negative views towards poles , however , just because we like them it does n't mean we should have an open border with them ( just like the rest of europe ) . 
  even people who are anti-immigration do n't mind poles , your racist uncle will probably just say that ` they work hard ' . 
  of course there are a minority of racists who hate all foreigners , but even that is nothing specific with poles , just them hating everyone foreign . 
  i did too , high five . 
  and this is why the right will continue to win all over the world right now ... 
  farage is many things , but stupid is not one of them . 
  it will take a long time for the bitterness to wear off, 
  scary, 
  yeahhh they wo n't listen to you , they are too blind to see the clear difference . 
  ... why do i even bother ... 
  i really hope you are trolling . 
  you may be the most stupid person i have encountered on this site . 
  either that or the most brainwashed . 
  he is n't a foreign leader , crazy how much people lie to themselves . 
  it 's not gotten to the point where people refuse to differentiate between the president endorsing and threatening another country at the time of a political election , and a european mp supporting a candidate . 
  well he 's pretty much accepted as far-left , he 's been a socialist all his life , both economically and socially . 
   if getting back the control of our border is not anti-immigration i do n't know what it is . 
  so every country on earth who is outside the eu is anti-immigration ? 
  borders are anti-immigration now , okay , canada and new zealand are xenophobes then because they do n't want freedom of movement with 27 other countries . 
  you are correct that we wanted to reduce immigration , but ` anti-immigration ' makes it sound like we are ... anti-immigration , which is not true . 
   wanting to treat europeans equally you seem to have misunderstood me ( somehow ) . 
  i was talking about treating europeans better than non-europeans . 
  why should europeans not need a visa to live and work here when canadians and australians do ? 
  we want to treat everybody equally , if you have the skills and requirements we need , you can migrate here , no matter where you are from . 
  at the moment , you can have 0 skills and 0 knowledge of english , but if you are european it will be easier for you to migrate here than a fully qualified doctor from india who is fluent in english . 
   so many time i 've heard british say to me `` oh you 're ok , you are no trouble ( compared to eastern european ) '' / r/thathappened , do n't make up false anecdotes to try and make a point . 
  we can all play that game . 
  we 're just becoming the same as every other country in the world , also having nationalist aspects is n't far-right . 
  nobody was calling scotland far-right for wanting independence from the uk , and rightfully so . 
  i 'm struggling see what parts of brexit are far-right , it was n't even anti-immigration , just anti-freedom of movement . 
  wanting to treat europeans equally ( instead of valuing them more than non-europeans ) is n't far-right , if anything it 's the opposite . 
  many brexiters are the complete opposite and are pro-globalisation , like trucidator on this sub . 
  a big campaigning point was that leaving the eu would allow us to make our own free trade deals around the world , something we can not do in the eu . 
  you really think over 100 conservative mps are anti-globalisation ? 
  pretty much all of them are pro-globalisation . 
  i would n't expect europeans to know this though , even though it was talked about as much as immigration was . 
  somebody who america has never heard of vs the most powerful man in the world . 
  they inflicted it on themselves, 
   far right ( see brexit ) brexit is far-right now ? 
  good god . 
  corbyn loves russia and he 's left-wing . 
  ever heard of the blitz ( at least what it was called in english ) ? 
  over 40,000 british civilians were killed , dozens of towns and cities destroyed . 
  fairly sure it was far worse than what the dutch went through , perhaps you could educate me on that though . 
  yep , they would , as one of the replies prove . 
  do n't worry , i did n't analyse it myself , just listening to other people and reading other people 's analysis . 
  i was just pointing out that not everybody thought clinton was gon na win , even if the media suggested that was n't the case . 
  i did n't downvote you , but both of my answers have also been downvoted unfortunately . 
  probably the same people doing it . 
  you 're a very smart person, 
   . especially in the traditionally blue states like michigan and wisconsin . 
  so she did n't bother to campaign there . 
  i agree with this , these states were n't even mentioned until the last week of the campaign . 
  she was definitely complacent . 
  the point is that there is no risk in many states https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ey54r/the_number_of_young_people_who_want_to_leave_the/dagaki7/, 
  i know it 's speculation , but assuming they did n't vote is also speculation . 
  this election determined their life more than any other american , if even 20 % of them came to vote it would be over 2 million . 
  when most illegal immigrants live in nevada and california and new mexico ( all require no id whatsoever ) , they are under no risk if they vote . 
  possibly , but do n't you think they would have had internal polling ? 
  there is no way she thought this was in the bag , they 're not stupid . 
  i thought trump was gon na win based on polling analysis ( samples were incredibly biased and wrong ) , there 's no way the clinton camp did n't also think trump had a chance . 
   there are n't enough illegal immigrants to add an extra 2 million votes for hillary there is at least 11 million illegal immigrants in america . 
  there are more than enough . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voter_id_laws_in_the_united_states#/media/file:map_of_us_voter_id_laws_by_state,_strict_vs_non-strict,_nov_2016.svg plenty with no id required to vote and non-photo id ( non-strict ) is probably something that is easy to get around . 
  well they both campaigned hard in the crucial states , trump 's campaign was just better . 
  he was having 6 rallies a day , hillary did n't have the health or the energy to do such a thing . 
  i guess we will never know though , but i 'm just saying that looking at the nationwide vote is wrong , as neither of them were trying to get the nationwide vote . 
  this is n't the 2012 election . 
  trump has specifically stated that he wanted to deport illegals . 
  illegals certainly came out to vote against him , why would n't they when they can not get caught ? 
  although most were probably in states that were democrat anyway , they no doubt influenced the nationwide vote . 
  ... and then the tory majority will further increase . 
  voter id laws vary by state ( most states require no id at all , or request non-photo id ) , it is ridiculously easy for illegals to vote in some states , or for people to vote multiple times . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voter_id_laws_in_the_united_states#/media/file:map_of_us_voter_id_laws_by_state,_strict_vs_non-strict,_nov_2016.svg nice map also interesting that trump won michigan , wisconsin , and florida that all require photo-id ( all unexpected except florida was 50/50 ) , but not nevada that has no id required ( which he was favourite for ) , perhaps something related to the voter id laws . 
  adding to this , nevada has the highest proportion of illegal immigrants in the us ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-nevada-iduskcn0j300h20141119 ) . 
  just speculation , but it 's highly likely that illegal immigrants influenced the nevada vote . 
  to be fair , trump campaigned in states he needed to win massively .
