  go on matey , i have faith in you, 
  yes, 
  i 'm not making excuses for anything , you reply to the wrong guy ? 
  haha , i think every county calls their neighbouring county inbreds to be honest . 
  my local town laughs at the other nearest town for having webbed feet and 3 fingers , we only only about 5 miles apart . 
  perhaps there is , but among everyday people , nobody really associates cornwall with racism or anything . 
  as a whole we are more accepting of foreigners than most of the rest of the eu . 
   as a pole and someone who is actively looking at prospects of moving to the uk , it leaves me with little comfort and a lot of uncertainty . 
  i would just like to say that this happened in cornwall , a poor , rural area that is pretty homogeneous . 
  these combine to provide more likely conditions for xenophobia and racism . 
  xenophobia against poles was much more common in 2004 - when all the poles arrived , since then people are more accepting of them . 
  i want to say that the british society absolutely accepts polish people , most stereotypes are positive if anything , like being hard-workers . 
  now most people have moved on to blaming muslims and romanians , poles have already integrated into the uk since most arrived in 04 . 
  i think that 's a little unfair , but perhaps i 'm wrong as i have n't personally experienced it ( being a native brit ) . 
  nobody i know has expressed any hatred towards poles , and i live in a very white-british , pretty deprived area with a few poles . 
  most of it would be people being passively-aggressive , perhaps not being racist in her face , but excluding her from social circles . 
  though this is terrible , it 's not like you can arrest some kids for doing it . 
  it actually does play a part , like with amanda todd , she would have never gotten so much attention if she was n't pretty . 
  even madeline mccann ( if you know her ) , probably got much more attention than other lost kids because she was a pretty girl . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/1/1f/gross_domestic_product_%28gdp%29_per_inhabitant%2c_in_purchasing_power_standard_%28pps%29%2c_by_nuts_level_2_region%2c_2013_%28%c2%b9%29_%28%25_of_the_eu-28_average%2c_eu-28_%3d_100%29_ryb15.png ) , which shows that cornwall is < 75 % of the eu average . 
  however , it is definitely not one of the poorest in the eu , but it is the poorest in northern europe . 
  it 's one of the nicest areas to visit and go on holiday there ( nice countryside ) but following deindustrialisation , there are no full-year jobs in cornwall . 
  a big portion of their economy relies on tourism ( from other parts of the uk ) , but this is unreliable as most only come in summer . 
  however , they are not really known stereotyped for being ` backwards ' or anything , that 's northern ireland , cornwall is just pretty poor and has been left out and ignored by governments . 
  we are n't the wisest bunch ... 
  yeah i know  , just funny always seeing arguments about tesla . 
  so it begins ... 
  at least in my opinion , and also by most definitions , it is absolutely racism . 
  yes they are white , but if you discriminate because somebody is of a certain nationality , or because they are slavic or something , it 's usually both xenophobia and racism . 
  i would like to claim the mighty songhai . 
  because it 's below the title , scroll up . 
  1542 worst day of my life, 
  yeah , cause of the brain drain from outside of london into london , has always received special treatment from the government , londoners often think they are superior to the rest of the country etc. 
  well ... fuck you . 
  funny coming from an austrian though, 
  these are n't necessarily my personal viewpoints , i was just speaking on behalf of many non-londoners . 
  i think that because london is so popular , some people see it as if they are ` stealing ' popularity from the rest of the uk . 
  also many people dislike london similarly it 's so different than the rest of the uk , and then you get the few who do n't see it as a british city because of the proportion of migrants etc. 
  haha , there are many reasons . 
  london is often seen as the only place the government cares about , and that the rest of the country is left to dry . 
  in terms of what i was saying , people get annoyed because many foreigners see uk = london . 
  ukip are not far-right , fyi . 
  that went straight over my head , you 're right . 
  i just assumed it said bucharest , my comment must look stupid now . 
  haha , nah i 'm not , i did n't realise everyone was only answering for their own country . 
  some countries have valid reasons though, 
  yes , although it is actually very common , most people could n't even name british cities except london . 
  the only reason why they could is because of football teams . 
  because tourists only go to london , and i assume they know the uk or england . 
  london is everything , there is n't an equivalent in germany . 
  the question does n't say my country does it ? 
  `` i 'm british '' `` omg i love london '', 
  turks are arabs, 
  i think it will be closer than that , do n't underestimate the older population and their higher turnout . 
   last poll was +18 % margin for remain there have been multiple polls in the last week , some showing that the ` leave ' is ahead by 2 % . 
  nothing to conclude other than it is close . 
  nothing is ballsy when you 're boris , he gets away with murder sometimes . 
  it 's only important when they support the sub 's viewpoint . 
  it does n't matter what the site is , if it fits their agenda they will 100 % support it . 
  a lot are , but most are still staying afaik . 
  usually shanghai , but you are correct nonetheless, 
  the scare-mongering continues, 
  they do n't , the french also do n't think that . 
  please , keep telling me what i think and believe . 
  nobody here thinks we are still the ` same top dog ' , nobody cares about losing the empire , but we do know ( and rightly so ) that we are still the 5th largest economy in the world . 
  there are lots of industrial projects going on in the arctic such as in greenland . 
  people do n't really vote in eurovision in the uk , so any groups with passionate voters , like lithuanians , can easily dictate who is # 1 . 
  and perhaps you 're right , saying poland 's points were down to emigration would be unfair , even if it had an impact . 
  poland got 10 , lithuania 12 , got them mixed up . 
  same results as last year . 
  it does n't go 1-12 though , it skips 9 and 11 , meaning poland got more votes as a result . 
  not really , countries like poland get lots of 12 points in the public vote and 0 in the jury vote . 
  previously , they would get 3-4-5 votes from most countries . 
  this is true , poland probably got lots of 12 points such as from us ( i 'm fairly certain their large number of emigrants were the main reason for this ) . 
  it was the same last year , if anything the new system just exposes even more how political it is, 
  it 's funny because polish immigrants single-handedly got them that many points . 
  as i predicted , lithuania and poland were our # 1 public votes . 
  yeah , it 's good, 
  should be , i really liked them . 
  i thought they were great , the song was decent too . 
  i know armenia and azerbaijan have a massive rivalry , but i did n't know they had a rivalry in who can send the hottest singer . 
  i wonder if france will actually give austria 12 points, 
  it really is n't , but thank you , 
  it 's why azerbaijan always come top 6, 
  oh look they 're twins !, 
  - my dad, 
  latvia - amazing singer , awful song, 
  every song has been the same , slow build-up , then like power-pop in the chorus . 
  decent , really good singer, 
  you predict the two favourites will battle for the win , bold move , 
  i swear every year azerbaijan just sends their best looking woman . 
  yup , or at the very least , use native instruments or styles that are unique to the country ( balkan music has some very distinct instruments , spanish guitars etc. ), 
  farage is much better than trump , trump talks and talks without saying much , farage is much more concise . 
  also , farage does indeed use figures and facts to support his points . 
  our smaller towns are definitely prettier than our cities, 
  might be gay, 
   indeed . 
  i bet the people of uk would n't be happy if i said that drunk sheepshaggers are representative of their whole country but many people do indeed think this , you are n't the only ones with false stereotypes . 
   but the others do n't bother to see the differences or learn anything basic about us , cuz you know , we are eastern europoors . 
  not because you are poor , but because we are n't directly fed it through television etc.
