  converts are often the most dangerous . 
  a number of british terrorists were converts , although were probably converted in prison where sometimes muslims have a stronghold and radicalise others . 
  because of negative stereotypes of romanians i guess, 
  true , but romanians will bring it up at any opportunity because they have a chip on their shoulder . 
  it 's not a / r/europe thread without a romanian complaining about tabloids . 
  us vs them . 
  easy to gain popularity when there is a common enemy, 
  people are just desperate to make news stories, 
  could say the same with ukip in 2015 , but they still had influence . 
  no , they 're romanian . 
  add belgium , netherlands and sweden to that list . 
  perhaps they might be more qualified ? 
  perhaps they can actually speak english ? 
  it is n't just a trade bloc , if it was , we would have voted to remain in a landslide . 
  how are you so unbelievably immature ? 
  he was n't in the government anyway though was he ? 
  if he was offered an influential role by the government we would have probably taken it . 
  hey , do n't blame the english , most of them have scottish ancestry . 
  they were the same , just less original since they were just other forms of his comment . 
  i love how this joke gets downvoted , and all the replies get upvoted . 
  love it . 
  give it but ca n't take it . 
  if may is the 21st century version of thatcher , she 's doing a really shit job at it . 
  you 're not wrong , but we all knew this was going to happen if required , and it 's happened in the past too . 
  self-loathing and self-hating is more appropriate . 
  no problem buddy, 
  by agenda , i meant that you are trying to convince people that brits are taught to love the empire etc , we are not . 
  i do n't know if you went to a private school or something but i can assure you it 's very rare for any school to do that . 
  the correct education , where we tell them what they should think and believe . 
  not sure why you 're here if you think brits are uniquely stupid or unpleasant . 
  it 's so obvious you are pushing an agenda . 
  very few people learn about the empire , and practically nobody gets told it was a good thing . 
  history classes these days are all about viewing both sides anyway . 
  we do n't learn about the good stuff or the bad stuff . 
  the empire was n't even mentioned in my school once . 
  lol . 
  nobody cares about spain because you have been irrelevant for a very long time . 
  did n't participate in either world war so you never hear about spain in the 20th century . 
  broadsheet vs tabloid . 
  the guardian and the telegraph are supposed to be more informative , the other three you mentioned are not . 
  feels great, 
  people are acting like the government are posting this through out letterbox . 
  in reality it 's just people buying what they want to read . 
  brexit is happening regardless . 
  do n't get your hopes up, 
  thanks, 
  why does czech republic get so much ? 
  i assumed living standards there were better than anywhere in eastern europe . 
  people will always criticise the working-class , right-wing blokes , but at the end of the day they 're the ones who would fight for the country . 
   may is comparable to thatcher in the same way that trump is comparable to reagan - as in not at all . 
  pretty much , people compare her to thatcher simply because she 's a woman , and is conservative . 
  we already have a foreign aid budget . 
  i 'm not an expert , but i doubt it 's ordinary policeman who are watching/monitoring these . 
  i would imagine it 's the intelligence agency or something similar . 
  i 'm not going to defend the police cut though , i doubt many conservatives support it too . 
  we already spend several billion every year just a monitor a few thousand suspected radicals , there is only so much you can do . 
  you simply can not afford to monitor so many people 24/7 , or pursue anyone you might be radical . 
  do n't twist it , this year has been the worst year for terrorism in a while . 
  things are not getting better , they are getting worse . 
  there were 0 terrorist attacks between 2008 and 2012 , we 've already have 3 recently , all with deaths . 
  but you are acting like the motivation for these attacks are because they disagree with swedish/western foreign policy , that is n't true . 
  it 's because they want to kill everyone who they see as non-believers . 
  lives in western europe were too easy , apparently living an easy life is boring so you have to let in people from the third world . 
  just like west germany and sweden now , they have it too easy . 
  yes , i 'm sure the islamists researched this before killing innocent swedes . 
  they do n't give a fuck . 
  this is n't political terrorism like palestine , this is islamic extremism . 
  not really , it is one of the downsides of having a muslim population that has n't integrated . 
  nobody cares about belgium but they still get attacked . 
  why ? 
  because muslim extremists live in belgium , not because belgium is important . 
  and yours , comrade . 
  the audience made it difficult to watch , most blatantly biased audience i 've ever witnessed . 
  i do n't think rudd was too bad , probably better than what may would have been . 
  that is n't true . 
  the majority of remainers do n't feel european either . 
   just 15 % of britons describe themselves as european and only 7 % say it is the word they would most likely use to describe themselves . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/mar/20/britons-on-europe-survey-results-opinium-poll-referendum  it 's interesting to speculate why only an arguably small proportion ( 27 % ) of those who will vote to remain in the eu describe themselves as european ? 
  is their stance pragmatic rather than passionate ? 
  most will probably be 1st or 2nd generation immigrants . 
  agreed, 
  i think they like us more than russia . 
  we 're only the second most hated country on this sub . 
  still probably islamic terrorism . 
  russian citizen who was an asylum seeker ? 
  probably from the caucasus . 
  in reality she does n't have to prove it . 
  simply saying you ca n't afford it , or that it will cause stress is enough . 
  half ? 
  do n't use the word ` half ' if the reality is nowhere near half . 
  yes , we are so intolerant of indians !, 
  that 's why we have over a million indian immigrants in our country !, 
  just a few days ago , india and the uk jointly invested # 500 million into green energy . 
  i doubt that gained any popularity though because that would go against the circlejerk . 
  if only they were as kind as you, 
  i do n't think they would be , pretty much all european countries have hundreds of accents and dialects . 
  this craze about our accents is usually from the rest of the anglosphere . 
  numbers are very surprising , i thought more conservative countries like poland would have the lowest percentage of lone parent families ( unless they still count it as a lone family if a spouse is abroad somewhere ) . 
  it 's not quite the same though , people do n't think in statistics . 
  knowing that there might be someone aiming to kill you at an airport or big city , is worse than knowing there is a chance you will crash your car on the way to work .
