  it 's funny because these two people are the worst on this entire sub for doing absolutely nothing but posting negatives about brexit etc , drumpfeteer is the other one . 
  just check their commenting and posting histories . 
  makes me laugh just how mad and upset they are over it . 
  yes, 
  if you knew me on this sub you would know that i do n't hold that opinion . 
  definitely , i think it 's sometimes ( not always ) more cultural than being oppressive to women . 
  just look at japan , ranked 35th , but only because most women do n't feel like a career in politics suits them . 
  by the looks of it , it 's because of the gender disparity in politics . 
  you beat them in all the other categories . 
  they have placed way too much weight on the ` women mps ' category , as if that dictates qualify of life for women in a country . 
  when i saw this i immediately looked for japan , they 're ranked 35th , almost entirely due to having few women mps . 
  it 's mainly just this sub being european supremacists , they really hate non-europeans , and particularly muslims and brown people . 
  to be honest they just hate everyone outside the eu . 
   350,000 migrants a year in a country with 520.000 deaths a year ? 
  why are you even talking about deaths per year , when we know that our population is rapidly increasing ? 
  if it was decreasing like germany then it would actually be a valid argument . 
   this brexit was fed to everyone by very perfidious power elements from british government . 
  the vast majority of the government and power elements of the government was against brexit , as were all the big corporations . 
   they are ruining your lives and making it look like you 're the ones who wanted this in the first place we are the ones who wanted it , which is why we voted for it despite all the most powerful figures and corporations telling us not to . 
  you are completely talking out your ass . 
  got played ? 
  we live here , we know and understand this country unlike the europeans who do n't live here . 
  the area with the highest percentage of leave voters is boston , a town which has undergone a huge population change due to mass immigration from eastern europe . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/boston-how-a-lincolnshire-town-became-the-most-divided-place-in-england-a6838041.html yet you act like we voted about something we do n't have a clue on ? 
  we have a net migration of 350,000 a year and our population is rapidly growing , which you seem to have completely ignored . 
  the worst thing about all of this , is that almost nobody here wanted this or asked for this much immigration . 
  something that was completely unfair on the british people . 
  the eu referendum was the first time the public had a clear say about immigration . 
  most of us accept that immigration brings many benefits and we are grateful for some of the great immigrants we have . 
  however , that does n't justify not putting a limit on the numbers , potentially resulting in the loss of what little identity we have left . 
  haha , very much appreciated . 
  that does n't mean that there should n't be a limit on how many come here . 
   not because ` you guys just march on ' , which you stated as the reason we speak your language . 
  can you please point out where i said this ? 
  i 'm a bit confused , i think you thought i was someone else . 
  jesus christ you get upset easily . 
  and why do america speak english ? 
  `` hi sir , do you support isis ? 
  if you say yes then we are going to deport you , what is your answer ? '', 
  we voted to leave the european union , the number one reason giving was due to national sovereignty . 
  this is n't the same as murdering millions of jews and other groups . 
   defendling brexit is like defending hitler i will remember this one , gave me a good laugh . 
  i do n't want to imagine how brainwashed you must be to think this . 
  would n't say everyone , most europeans wanted the uk to stay , and 16 million brits wanted to stay . 
   still can not believe that any normal person would defend brexit . 
  that just shows how ignorant you are, 
  without a doubt . 
  there was far more propaganda from the remain side than the leave side . 
  we left because the vast majority of brits dislike the eu and where it was going . 
  the main reason for remaining was economic consequences , even the remainers disliked the eu . 
  agreed , i support the mentality , but the list does n't seem too practical or effective . 
  it 's not focusing on low-skilled labour , but that was probably the main motivation for it , because that it what the public is concerned about . 
  polls have shown the vast majority of people are fine with high-skilled immigration . 
  well one tory said they should be , not sure though . 
  i think we need to tackle the illegal conditions and pay that is often provided though , which we should n't be accepting just because its immigrants who are doing the job . 
  it would also make it more likely for brits to be willing to take up the jobs . 
  as far as i know , yes , but people on this sub were getting super mad at me when i mentioned this . 
  i think it would be smart for amber rudd to mention that this is n't some unique policy and it is being done in a number of countries . 
  i think every country should prioritise their own citizens , i do n't know how many low-skilled british workers are in other european countries , but that 's the type of people this is focusing on . 
  so , yes ( implying it was for all foreigners and not just brits ) . 
  well we do n't know exactly how it 's going to work yet , i wish i could tell you . 
  the purpose of it though is to encourage companies to hire more british nationals , since it may improve their company image as people can see what proportion are foreign . 
  to make sure companies ( or to pressure companies ) do n't just employ foreign workers , leaving the local population out to dry . 
  you would have probably thought the same about it mainly being people from ukip and other right-wing parties , when in reality it has support from left-wing parties too , and even left-wing places like london . 
  i guess we will never know though . 
  honestly , i think that is a myth ( except for some agricultural jobs with shit working conditions and often pay that is below minimum wage ) . 
  i personally believe that if italy or france proposed something similar , it would also get lots of public support . 
  ` british people first ' mentality . 
  they believe that foreigners should n't be given jobs that the native population can do , or given a job that a native person also tried to get ( if they matched the requirements ) . 
  there are plenty of english politicians like her , they just have no support because the english public disagree with them . 
  could n't agree more, 
  nah , they did n't like me when i was reasonable , no point being reasonable on this sub anymore . 
  it 's inconsistent , some threads are 90 % leavers , some are 90 % remainers . 
  basically the title attracts different people normally . 
  hopefully other countries can learn from us , there are consequences when you ignore your own population for decades . 
  this thread made me 10x happier that we voted leave . 
  funny because every single survey on that sub has shown it 's roughly 50/50 . 
  actually a decent number of remainers . 
  well i guess that 's true , but the difference is that most people disagree with me , this sub is an echo chamber so most people just comment shit that everyone agrees with . 
  not really , when people lie and say that scotland want to leave , i present them with a simple fact that the majority want to stay ... downvotes . 
  also , that is indeed what i am like now , but this is because it 's been months of the same shit . 
  more brexiters are fed up which is why most of us often act obnoxious . 
  yet to see an decent irishman in this sub though , all cunts . 
  not looked down , just saying this sub is dominated by eastern european opinion . 
  edit : proven by downvotes, 
  it 's a fucking joke , lol . 
  wait ... people are taking this seriously . 
  hahaha, 
  only two countries that will even qualify and that 's england and france . 
  the vast majority of british black people live in london . 
  many wards/regions of london will be predominately black , but not really towns or cities . 
  i love the banter , i just hate getting downvoted when i say things people do n't agree with , even when i present facts . 
  feels shit to be silenced by downvotes so nobody can see your input . 
  i comment to have discussions , but that ca n't happen if people just downvote you out of spite . 
  i 've never witnessed a human being who hates their own country as much as you . 
  estonia , poland and romania create the biggest boners on this sub . 
  although romanians still seem to have a victim complex on this sub , despite everyone loving them . 
  that 's the result of biased media , most brexiters do n't hate eu citizens at all . 
  much rather have a turkish flag than a british one . 
  people know that turks here are westernised etc.
