  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_britain_at_the_olympics - ` the great britain and northern ireland team or team gb ', 
  hahaha , yeah it 's something about east africa . 
  it 's not a coincidence that ethiopia and kenya will all long-distance races . 
  i do n't think it 's their superior training facilities either . 
  funny how this gets so much attention , i posted one of this sub about how the uk is expected to trigger article 50 in april 2017 , about 60 % upvoted and little attention . 
  perhaps it was poor timing with posting it , i do n't know . 
  interesting , did n't know that . 
  good, 
  u.s virgin islands * . 
  virgin islands are british , 
  not really , expected to trigger article 50 in around april 2017 , 2 years later and it 's april 2019 . 
  still 16 months before the olympics so room for delay . 
  not just mexico , all of central america and the caribbean . 
  his name makes me laugh though, 
  includes all overseas territories . 
  gb in the olympics has all except 3 , to be honest the different names do nothing but confused people . 
  in the olympics , gb basically = uk . 
  that 's got a different history , the first football association was in england , then in scotland , wales and ireland , independent of each other . 
  they therefore had separate teams and played against each other in the 1800s . 
  things just continued like that until today . 
  gb includes northern ireland . 
  it 's short for ` great britain and northern ireland ' . 
  edit : this is the official title in the olympics , for those downvoting me , not great britain in general . 
  it 's in the united nations as a sovereign state , scotland and england are not . 
  of course some parts of the uk ( 3 overseas territories ) participate independently in the olympics , but it 's not hard to understand why it 's taken seriously . 
  ah , yes i did, 
  true , but if you 've ever seen blackpool you would know that that 's pretty unrealistic  . 
  they are trying to invest more though , like it said in the article . 
  not really though , hundreds of thousands of people who work in tourist towns ( most seaside towns ) are benefiting , so far not many other people 's lives have changed ( brexit has n't happened yet ) . 
  honestly though , seaside towns across the country were devastated by the fact that package holidays abroad were so cheap . 
  you could go to majorca for the same price as going to your nearest beach for some people . 
  never mind the fact that things like alcohol are cheaper there . 
  the decreased value of the pound has brought life back into some seaside tourist towns . 
  i see this every month , but i 'm complaining , georgia is beautiful to be fair . 
  my dad repeats this phrase every minute when we 're watching the olympics . 
  we 've done better than ending world hunger , we 're beating china in the olympics . 
  it was n't that obvious , and it really does n't matter , do n't argue over silly things and just say what you meant and move on . 
  i trust your analysing skills , and i agree . 
  really is unbelievable, 
  poland is certainly known for its tolerance towards homosexuality, 
  they can , but i guess they are not passionate enough about the party to join and make an impact . 
  everybody would , it 's because far-left students signed up in record numbers to vote for him , unaware of the fact that the rest of the country ( and party ) does n't share their ideals . 
  labour members ( not overall labour supporters ) still support him now , so there is little chance of him losing the leadership election . 
  yeah most of us wisely stay off the default uk sub, 
  as opposed to polish politics , where everybody loves the politicians and government ? 
  i fully agree with your second point . 
  to answer your first point , i think these ` cultural clothes ' in particular are a barrier to integration and therefore a healthy society . 
  i 'm still not sure if that 's ban-worthy , but i do think it 's a problem . 
  yup , except us , we do n't feel the need to tell everyone our women are better than everyone else 's . 
  inb4 ` lul british women ' because it 's acceptable to shit on british women but no other women . 
  all is well then, 
  i love you man , you never fail to entertain whether it 's on purpose or not . 
  thanks for the compliment on our cycling . 
  this graph is awesome , thanks . 
  always the americans, 
  these are all comments by people who were removed for saying racist shit . 
  you could argue that ukip attracts racists , but for the party to be racist as a whole would imply that they have racist policies or have racist people at the top ( which they do n't ) . 
  people from outside the uk have probably just heard a few media headlines that catches attention on the continent , it 's normal for them to have a distorted view on british politics , same with us and their politics . 
  that being said , plenty in the uk are still calling him racist too . 
  big fan of the ira too, 
  explain the racist part , i do n't even like ukip , but wanting controlled immigration is n't racist , even if it 's your priority . 
  oh dear , people on this sub actually think farage is a racist . 
  he 's a civic nationalist at most , after reading through / r/europe during anything related to brown people , this sub is far more racist than farage . 
  he 's right though , the world was a nasty place . 
  every single civilisation committed rape and murder , including the irish , every civilisation has a dirty history . 
  the british were just more successful , like the french , the ottomans and so on ... 
  oh it 's not even close , anyone who thinks the chinese are good at english have only met the wealthy ones . 
  perhaps they are not ` foreign ' if they are the same as everyone else . 
  all these groups look similar to brits , act similar to brits and just assimilate as if they were british . 
  that makes no difference , they are still immigrants . 
  irish people ( from roi ) in the uk are immigrants . 
  just want attention and are desperate to be victims , want to blame their problems on other people . 
  it 's sad , we have some of the best police in the world . 
  no such thing , people voted for brexit because they wanted brexit ( except a few politicians probably ) . 
  but cape verde is a separate independent country , these are not . 
  if it was in europe , it would be the 2nd poorest , after moldova . 
  i do n't think people realise that cape verde is poor , like it would easily be the poorest in the eu . 
  also cape verde is in africa , not europe . 
  i do n't think it was quite how you are describing it , but yeah i understand, 
  nothing unique to poles , the whole of this sub wants vengeance . 
  that 's what most have been doing for quite a few years now, 
  that might have been too far , everybody has the right to a brexit joke every now and then . 
  sure , if you promise to never make a brexit joke again . 
  i knew the syrian refugees were highly educated and intelligent , but this is ridiculous . 
  edit : i apologise i guess , no jokes allowed here , despite it being a humorous article anyway, 
  also the british people apparently prefer morocco more than israel . 
  yeah , i think this site is trying to say eastern europe , but also central europe to not trigger the czechs and poles . 
  if not , it 's weird how there are no austrian or german or swiss town squares . 
  by the way , i do n't think austria was classed as central europe in this list , same with germany etc. 
  that 's why no austrian cities were there ( i 'm assuming ) . 
  is this list biased or do czech republic and poland have a disproportionate amount of beautiful old town squares ? 
  considering a road trip around central & eastern europe . 
  that is fucking hilarious, 
  90 % of europe is more xenophobic than us, 
  understandably so, 
   if they 're incapable of learning the most basic acceptable behaviours without expensive lessons then they should be deported . 
  and how do we find that out , wait until they commit a crime ? 
  these lessons are compulsory for all asylum seekers . 
  ay come on man . . 
  brit guys have a thing for non-brit girls too .
