  because we are arrogant , most people do n't think we need europe , we 're strong enough to be on our own like we always have been etc. 
  i disagree but this is a popular view . 
  we 're definitely up there, 
  he 's just making it up on the spot because it fits his narrative , he clearly has no knowledge of either islam nor christianity . 
  what ? 
  that is obviously because there was n't a vote . 
  he is saying that if european countries actually voted on the iraq war , a majority would be enough . 
  it would have been the same in the uk . 
  this is the netherlands though , who were the first to legalise gay marriage , might have an impact on their views . 
  it 's just a joke based on a british stereotype, 
  perhaps you 're right , perhaps i am patronising portugal a little because they are not as wealthy as the rest of western europe . 
  i agree , but if you go to many poor neighborhoods in other countries , you probably wo n't get the same positive response . 
  also portugal is poorer than other western countries . 
  it surprised me that japan was # 22 , they have a history of organised crime with the yakuza , but certainly not common crime . 
  i remember watching the video about two gay guys walking around holding hands , they would walk through poor neighborhoods , nobody would say or do anything . 
  really makes me smile how kind portuguese people are no matter who you are or where you are from . 
  i guess that makes us even more alike , 
  interesting , thanks for the reply . 
  fair enough , thanks . 
  do you really think an afghani wo n't face any ` discrimination ' in lithuania ? 
  i 'm not sure , but i would be pleasantly surprised if he did n't . 
  and czech republic , they do n't seem to like many others either . 
  it 's cute how friendly you seem to be towards everyone , 
  same with the czech survey , what problems could the vietnamese be causing , i would guess their crime is low as shit among other things such as working hard . 
  general question , how are the vietnamese seen as in poland ? 
  we do n't have many here , but there seem to be plenty in czech republic . 
  this survey makes them look unfavourable, 
  we also share our tracksuit fashion , although we could step our squatting ability up . 
  well in my opinion , i would rather have the maniacs in my country owning knives instead of guns . 
  breeding like rabbits is n't why china and india are big . 
  they are big because they have a massive land area and have had a large population for thousands of years . 
  i see , it 's still obvious what they mean by it though, 
  looking at the rest of this thread , can you really blame me for not thinking he was serious ? 
  only a few thousand speak that as a first language , and fluently . 
  most have just learned a little as a second language . 
  the second biggest language is polish followed by punjabi , hindi and urdu . 
  indian and pakistani languages . 
  it 's the same in english , i do n't think people in this thread understand though . 
  native language just means you 're first language , or your mother tongue . 
  the way it should be imo, 
  ` looking busy ' is japan 's favourite activity . 
  also falling asleep at work looks good because you must have already worked so hard . 
  it 's pretty much the same here mate unless there is an event on like the world cup . 
  waving the flag just makes you look like you are in the edl or britain first . 
  it also seems to add a sense of legitimacy , that it is n't just white people who are saying this . 
  shocker , europe is more tolerant than oppressive islamic regimes in the middle east, 
  wait , are you saying the tories are centre left ? 
  wow, 
  it seems to be on this subreddit at least, 
  few coups have benefited the average person , lots of pain is always involved , with little reward at the end . 
  massive projects going on which offer high pay . 
  and i 'm sure the poorest in portugal have the most kids , the point is that the middle-working class of portugal is n't doing too great . 
  which is why they are not having too many kids . 
  yay us, 
  just saying because the title is false, 
  that is n't what i said , i said if arabs had this exact tradition , people would insult them for it . 
  mainly because it sounds extremely backwards ( spanking women ) . 
  funny how everyone in this thread loves this , i can imagine how different everyone 's opinion would be if this was an arabic tradition . 
  well in that case ... song name ? 
  i wan na hear it now ( in dutch ) . 
  what other places ? 
  we might be passing through and so far we are only visiting brno and prague, 
  you can say about any city though , it 's normal that there are some areas more densely populated than others . 
  major difference is that this area is a whole country . 
  wow , we are literally fucking everywhere . 
  just banter #lad, 
  common for the cheap alcohol , like most of eastern europe, 
  brits are terrible everywhere that offer alcohol at a lower price than britain, 
  i guess it 's because it 's a large country in the middle of europe , easy for all europeans to travel to . 
  it 's very easy to blame either communism or religion , but it actually involves much more than those two . 
  same with east asia in general , including japan which is very developed . 
  to me , and to most people , you are both . 
  when europe is divided into 3 + , you are central european . 
  when europe is divided into 2 , you are eastern european . 
  savage, 
  any statistics on american police and who they vote for ? 
  would be very interesting . 
  i 'm fairly sure the majority of brits would answer the same , including me . 
  yeah i like my country but i 'm not gon na die for it . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  speaking as well though , as it 's complete tonal . 
  i 've learned it a little as well as japanese , and japanese is much easier for speaking , both difficult for writing obviously . 
  true , and fair enough, 
  so you would rather be under saddam hussein than a democratically elected religious government ? 
  chinese is without a doubt the hardest major language for most europeans to learn . 
  easier to justify , easier to feel good about themselves . 
  i praise the balls you have to even enter threads like this , people from countries like finland educating you on turks and muslims must be unbearable . 
  if you are born and live in those countries , sure . 
  i like the analogy , but it is completely different . 
  it depends , ask a black person or an ethnic indian and they will say that are british , if they were born here . 
  if they think that , then that 's fine is it not ? 
  you 're trying to tell germans that they are wrong for feeling what they feel . 
  i would say we are like the americans in this sense , we do n't believe ethnicity to be important , as long as you respect british values etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kotleba_%e2%80%93_people%27s_party_our_slovakia . 
  these are n't you 're normal far-right , that are actual neo-nazis . 
  i doubt they would be as friendly , like most european countries where non-white people are rare . 
  bangladesh also has many women in top positions , more female doctors than norway per capita . 
  some argue that where women have the most freedom ( western countries ) , they actually choose to not go for these top jobs . 
  its failing terribly though , because they ca n't understand that males and females make different choices in life . 
  quotas for jobs i believe , they were considering quotas for white males though , because of how poor they were doing .
