  many have some irish ancestry , but that 's it . 
  the us is a melting pot , not the uk . 
  calling the uk a melting pot is just rewriting history . 
  you 're absolutely right with that . 
  this honestly makes a lot of sense to me . 
  if i could compliment brits in any way , it 's that the vast majority are modest when it comes to their possessions/wealth . 
  any who are n't will be looked at as a cunt . 
  most of the time i hear people bringing up wealth , or bragging about wealth-related things , they are foreign . 
  that 's refreshing to hear on reddit, 
  why do you like brits ? 
  that 's fair , ireland is n't british . 
  still in the british isles though . 
  backwerk was the highlight for us a few weeks ago in austria , basically greggs . 
  straight up barbarians . 
  yep , we thought we had a bargain , turns out it was fucking soda water . 
  every time we bought water after we had to confirm , `` gas ? 
  no gas ? '', 
  sparkling water is so disgusting though . 
  thankfully you have so many drinking fountains where we just filled up our bottles . 
  it decreases in the uk the more deprived the area is . 
  chinese and koreans were everywhere on my central europe trip a few weeks ago . 
  many signs were in japanese , but koreans are the new main tourist group . 
  we have family records from the 1600s on my mum 's side . 
  likely that they 've been here since the anglo-saxons first settled here . 
  on my dad 's side , since about 1900 since his granddad migrated from poland and grandmother from ireland . 
  so ... you want to absorb another country . 
  they do n't want to reunite , so your situation is no different to any of the others in this thread . 
  oh , i did n't see that for some reason , sorry . 
  usually middle-class and well-educated . 
  strong work ethic and focus on education . 
  basically the same as the chinese . 
   he stays true to his beliefs . 
  he does n't really . 
  he has been eurosceptic for decades , and then suddenly stopped when the referendum came about because he was leader . 
  know that feel, 
  agreed . 
  i 've heard this a million times and i think most people would interpret it as death camps in poland . 
  i think it may be a language thing , how poles interpret it . 
  honestly do n't know . 
  black death i guess . 
  england losing * . 
  wales did well . 
  people get along , except for some young left-wing types who think the other side is evil . 
  closer friends perhaps , but the us has always been our best ally . 
  what you think about the east midlands ? 
  are we in the middle ? 
  i 'd say those are the things you hear here too , regarding british colonialism in india . 
  he might mean irish travellers , rather than roma . 
  that 's true in the uk , but i guess it 's only natural they are more pro-uk , if they are here . 
  a lot of middle-class indians ( in india ) despise the uk too though . 
  indian nationalism is actually really popular . 
  well , our relations are good with india ( officially ) , but they blame us for all their problems and a lot of the people hate us . 
  we will , we just wo n't buy drinks there unless they 're cheap haha . 
  and thanks !, 
  i know it was n't negative , and we 're gon na try to stay away from the tourist traps and expensive drinks etc. 
  i know it exists , but i rarely see it on this sub or / r/europe at least . 
  me and two friends will be in prague soon to add to that . 
  it 's honestly pretty rare ( except a few eastern europeans with broken english ) , but i ( and most people ) do n't want anyone in england who ca n't speak english , or at least if they are not attempting to learn english . 
  there will probably be a few exceptions . 
  he 's right to be fair . 
  but do you ? 
  i rarely ever see dutch redditors complain about moroccans or whatever . 
  a majority always wants the pm to resign , since parties always get into power with far less than the majority of the vote . 
  can we not make askeurope so political without a reason ? 
  especially when they are just raging like a little child . 
  do n't understand that at all . 
  `` australian-style point system '' is a common phrase used to support adopting the australian immigration policy . 
  plain invasion on a close ally/friend perhaps , like australia or ireland . 
  would it be worth dying for if the alternative meant something like isis or the nazis taking over ? 
  absolutely . 
  in this picture , black people . 
  although it 's the first time i 've seen black people mentioned . 
  this picture is basically just a far-right parade . 
  i guess because the main airport is there . 
  asking for a friend ? 
   i can not stand the kind of patriotism that blindly believes america is the best at everything and we should n't criticize certain institutions , like the military . 
  that 's just dumb . 
  agreed , blind patriotism is dumb . 
  i admire their patriotism too . 
  especially in a multicultural country , i think patriotism , something to unite everybody in the country , is very important . 
  they are right-wing and socially-conservative , not far-right though , at least by the sounds of it . 
  we achieved what many other nations failed at trying to achieve , to conquer much of the world . 
  we contributed an enormous amount to science and technology . 
  first country to have the industrial revolution . 
  we were the leading force in ending worldwide slavery , we spend over 20 % of the nation 's budget freeing slaves . 
  invented many sports that are enjoyed by much of the world today . 
  created music that is enjoyed by much of the world too . 
  most importantly though , being proud to be british is n't really about the nation 's history and achievements . 
  most people are proud because being british is who they are . 
  you are not proud of your parents or family because they are objectively better than others , you are proud because they are * yours * , it 's the same with your nation or ethnic group . 
  you must hate everyone born in the first half of the 20th century and before then . 
  because they were all racist , xenophobic and homophobic . 
   why someone should be proud of something that they had no impact over ? 
  if your family member defeated cancer , would you not be proud of them ? 
  you played no part , but you can still be proud . 
  they are probably trying to reassure you that they are not xenophobic , they just do a terrible job at it . 
  you seem disgusted that people do n't have the right to not work a day in their life and get paid for it . 
  if you refuse to work for over 5 years , by choice , there 's no reason why everybody else should pay the burden . 
  if you are a carer or something , i 'm sure there will be other measures in place . 
  i do n't know if it 's beautiful in the traditional sense , but the ukrainian song [ \u041e\u043a\u0435\u0430\u043d \u0415\u043b\u044c\u0437\u0438 - \u041e\u0431\u0456\u0439\u043c\u0438 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--wokwe4-i0 ) is amazing and emotional .
