  and you 're an englishman who does n't get sarcasm, 
  yeah it 's called the ` dependency ratio ' , the proportion of people who are working-age ( 16-64 in the uk ) to those that are not . 
  main solutions are to encourage people to have more or any children , immigration , or raising the retirement age . 
  it 's the ageing population of germany that 's the problem . 
  if people are n't having kids , then the percentage of non-working-age people increases , which is obviously bad for the economy . 
  the reason the population is declining in germany is because there are fewer young people . 
  i think they are both now higher than ireland ( if you 're going by country of birth ) . 
  that sucks as a stereotype , not much annoys me more than when people do n't know the difference between romani and romanian . 
  do n't worry , it 's bullshit . 
  gr8 banter, 
  meanwhile we all send them our sympathies , but doing nothing to help at all . 
  yeah , the same thing has been done for many european countries in this subreddit . 
  most people in east europe and the baltics say stalin was worse than hitler , so i believe they simply do n't consider the jews to be ` one of them ' . 
  of course , there are plenty of reasons why stalin could be argued worse than hitler , but i think many people do n't take into account his actions on jews because they were different to the average citizen . 
  any number for denmark or czech republic ? 
  if immigration improves the economy , which it will for estonia , then perhaps if may actually help you raise your fertility rate for ethnic estonians . 
  after all , you are the only ones with the power to not ` die out ' . 
  not spectacular , but better than population decline . 
  population decline usually implies an aging population , smaller percentage in the workforce etc. 
  not good for the economy . 
  i 've found it , it 's basically ` country feels meme ' . 
  what are these pictures called ? 
  like what 's the name of these memes for all the countries ? 
  lol ... 
  thanks , do n't know how i cocked that one up, 
  honestly this has truth to it , not just physically but psychologically , it 's much harder to kill someone with a knife or club . 
  anybody can pull a trigger , but few have the insanity to stab someone 50 times . 
  you are right when it comes to family reunification , but the vast majority here came when we really wanted/needed them , after ww2, 
  because our politicians get more attention apparently, 
  difference is , right now , we decide whether or not pakistanis and indians come in , we have no control over whether eu citizens come in . 
  mainly turkish cypriots, 
  super fast internet that 's cheap as well , 
  the tertiary sector is the most common nearly everywhere in europe , the scary stat is 8 % in the secondary sector , really is no industry there . 
  congrats on being the most celtic nation, 
  muay thai is thailand 's national sport for a reason , violence almost seems like it 's apart of their culture . 
  israel is the usa 's biggest ally , and always has been . 
  also helped by the fact there are millions of jews in america and the jewish lobby is extremely strong . 
  i would argue most europeans are less biased when assessing the palestinian situation . 
  you do n't need to , because you did n't kick the gypsies out of their homeland in europe , unlike the palestinians in palestine . 
  funny how distorted american opinions of this conflict are , so unique in the world as a whole . 
  she is n't the reason . 
  yup , nearly all our muslims ( and immigrants outside eu in general ) are from south asia ( india , pakistan , bangladesh ) . 
  yup , even in this thread people are upset that he was portuguese , not the fact a polish guy just attacked somebody because of their skin colour . 
  misery of millions ? 
  ever heard of the portuguese empire ? 
  few more walls and you should be fine, 
  obviously there 's a massive disparity between north and the south of italy . 
  but i would probably agree, 
  they 've always been a target since sikhism was founded . 
  those surveys are self-reported , including many million white americans who claim to only be descendants of americans . 
  in reality , it 's likely that more americans are descendants of brits than germans . 
  graham norton is probably the best possible replacement though, 
  romania definitely has lots of beautiful women, 
  looking forward to meeting you right at the bottom again this year , we can have no friends together , 
  the other half are polish, 
  name checks out  . 
  but seriously , people just need to stop taking it seriously and just enjoy it . 
  even if you only watch the results show , to see countries voting for their friends, 
  most people just watch the results show , because it 's funny to see countries voting for their friends, 
  romania normally just picks the best-looking girl in the country to sing their song , or so it seems . 
  yep , i never watch any talent shows , but i always and will always watch eurovision . 
  i 'm pretty sure our relations are a little friendlier than balkan relations . 
  cmon , according to uk viewer votes last year , lithuania was # 1 and poland was # 2 . 
  our judges let you down though : /, 
  we are shit as well , no denying that, 
  in lol , north america ( na ) is literally the running meme for being so bad in terms of producing players . 
  there is only one esport americans excel in , and that 's call of duty , because nobody else plays it . 
  brothels are illegal here though , still exist but just disguised as other buildings . 
  also , apparently in thailand , sex tourism is most common from the uk , more than any other country afaik . 
  maybe we british just like foreign prostitutes idk . 
  i 'm pretty grateful that our mainstream anti-immigration party , ukip , is very moderate compared to those in the rest of europe . 
  it was n't like this a few years ago :(, 
  they believe things they want to be true , if people are telling women they are at a disadvantage in society and that feminism will improve their lives , it 's no surprise they agree with it all . 
  muslims are not glorified anywhere in europe , no group is . 
  i do n't believe in the wage gap , at least in my country . 
  stop being so cringeworthy . 
  edit : no problem , 
  correct in the context of the u.s , where all that research is done . 
  perhaps that may not be 100 % true around all europe . 
  we live in houses , but our houses are the smallest in the eu afaik . 
  damn , crazy how little that is , when we all consider russia a world power . 
  either that or poland is stronk, 
  even if you were a separatist , it 's irrelevant to the point you made . 
  most rational people agree , positive discrimination is still discrimination . 
  i can understand it in places like brazil and south africa , but all races here have equal opportunities ( supposedly ) , quotas are n't needed . 
  every white person has it , which is why white males are performing the worst in uk education , and why minorities are more likely to go to university etc. 
  ca n't get enough of all this privilege . 
  they 're only agreeing to this because of the pressure they are currently under . 
  i would n't be too optimistic either though, 
  that 's funny because / r/uk is very left-wing . 
  although i doubt your story is 100 % true , i imagine you said some other things , could be wrong though . 
  hdi is pretty much useless without adjusting for inequality . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi#2014_inequality-adjusted_hdi_.28ihdi.29_.282015_report.29.5b6.5d . 
  the inequality-adjusted hdi is much more preferred . 
  neither are perfect , but the first one really does create an inaccurate representation of many countries . 
  true , but it does mean we have actually experienced it unlike some others . 
  i get the impression that when people from countries without immigration , talk about immigration , all their knowledge is from the media that exaggerate everything and only focus on extremes . 
  i find it funny how it 's always people from countries without any immigration , that seem to be experts on immigration . 
  i think it will . 
  keep dreaming , scandinavia will continue to remain the region with the highest quality of life in the world .
