  countless government buildings , universities and colleges , convents , monasteries and churches , and their accompanying treasures dating to the founding of the city , were ruined . 
  when i said personal opinions , i mean that everybody can be presented with the same facts ( immigration figures ) and come to different conclusions about what should happen . 
  it is an opinion whether or not you want more immigration . 
  similarly , it is an opinion whether or not you have feelings about europe or have any european identity ( vast majority of brits do n't ) . 
  it is an opinion whether or not you are fine with a large percentage of our laws being created in a foreign country ( most people are not fine ) . 
   that nhs could receive money that are send to eu , is not a matter of opinion when the facts presented are simply wrong . 
  things like this had no impact on the result , not one brexiter would say they voted for brexit because they thought this was true . 
  the only people who say people did vote because of it are remainers and people abroad who only read pro-remain news . 
  just saying this because i always see it repeated on this sub . 
  fuck , i deleted my comment because i could n't be arsed to answer since i 've had a million debates on it already . 
  unsustainable immigration negatively affecting wages of the working-class . 
  immigration in terms of sheer demographics . 
  governing ourselves and making our own laws . 
  no feelings or any affiliation towards europe . 
  against further expansion and further integration of the eu . 
  against the eu in general , tries to evaporate the nation-state and against it 's bureaucratic nature . 
  the eu can not be reformed for the better . 
  hate the eu leaders . 
  if we do n't leave now , we would be leaving in 5-10 years anyway , the eu is simply not meant for the uk . 
  i think it would be best if they just got on with brexit now , the last thing we need is another general election . 
  no , she really would . 
  have you not seen any polls ? 
  have you not seen corbyn ? 
  because we elect the party , and the party elects it 's leader . 
  when cameron left , the tories had a leadership election and elected may . 
  not saying i agree with it , just explaining why . 
  also , if we did have an election , it would be months of little progress to elect the tories in a landslide anyway . 
  we need some stability in politics right now with brexit happening . 
  god bless cameron, 
  no worries, 
  do n't know if you are implying that i 'm from the remain side , but i 'm a brexiter . 
  months later and people still think the eu referendum was a referendum on facts , and not personal opinions . 
  baffles me how people think this is relevant . 
  absolutely nobody voted to leave the eu because of this 350 million figure . 
  people like you only say it to distract from the real reasons . 
  true , but as soon as somebody else says or jokes about anything negative , you all go mad . 
   eternally-insulted , extremely-thin-skinned from the guy who is crying about an obvious joke . 
  everyone else can take jokes on this sub apart from romanians who seem to get offended by everything . 
  we do n't ( england ) either . 
  a lot of young people at least still do n't know it apart from `` god save our queen '' . 
  there are some english nationalists , but english nationalism has been so stigmatised and suppressed over the years that people are too scared to be proud to be english . 
  so instead they adopt british pride which is seen as something that everybody can be a part of and is n't associated with right-wing nationalism . 
  even i personally never say i 'm proud to be english because of this , people immediately associate it with far-right groups like the edl . 
  big difference because everybody here thought the uk would vote remain , in this case , everybody here thinks the scots are leaving . 
  if people here accepted that it is at least unlikely for scotland to leave the uk in upcoming years , i would n't need to make this comment . 
  ukip has quite a bit of support in wales and are also more like british nationalists than english nationalists . 
  read the first comment of this chain , blaming the english and nobody else for scottish nationalists wanting to leave the union . 
  if only we gave the vote to kids who have n't experienced any part of life , remain might have had a chance . 
   biased media well the vast majority of the country watches bbc/itv/channel4 , all of which were pro-remain . 
  thankfully enough people saw through it and voted to leave . 
  you 're getting in the way of the `` english bad , everyone else good '' narrative/circlejerk . 
  fortunately the rest of the uk does, 
  no matter how many polls tell us that scotland is in favour of remaining ( even with brexit ) , people here will still believe that scotland is leaving in the next few years . 
  just accept the facts , they 're not . 
  hahaha holy shit . 
  so scottish nationalists want to leave the union , but english nationalism is why the union may be destroyed ? 
  people will make it up absolutely any excuse to blame and hate on the english . 
  just like how we left the eu due to english nationalism , an english nationalism that 52 % of wales supported and nearly 40 % of scots . 
  welsh nationalism is strong , scottish nationalism is strong , english nationalism is almost non-existent . 
  aid has always been used largely as a tool of diplomacy . 
  something i found interesting , the appearances of turkish people vary so much . 
  they look like they could encompass half the globe . 
   not really . 
  they did introduce purpose built stone castles . 
  but that was more due to a need of imposing their rule trough force than anything else . 
  that makes sense , because most of the castles i see here are norman , for some reason i thought they were more advanced . 
  thanks a lot , was really helpful !, 
  awesome , cleethorpes is what came to my mind when i said ` thorpe ' , decent seaside town  . 
  i agree 100 % that over time it has merged with the british identity . 
  i also think identity is focused on what is unique about your culture/country . 
  scots have the bagpipes , welsh have their language , the english do n't really have much that is completely unique to england , i guess exporting our culture around the world did n't help . 
  one of the most interesting things here are the town names , i live in what was danelaw at the time so it 's pretty cool reading the etymology of towns . 
  many derive from old english but also many , particularly in yorkshire and on the east coast , derive from old norse ( or danish ? 
  whatever it was called at the time ) . 
  probably the most common danish town names are those ending in ' - by ' and ' - thorpe ' . 
  are most danes today aware of things like this or not ? 
  well , what do you think would have happened if he did win ? 
  how did the normans benefit or hinder england ? 
  were n't they superior technology and knowledge-wise ? 
  just asking you because you said you were a nerd , would love to learn more . 
  do you think this could end up giving him more support ? 
  he has an easy argument to make now , about political correctness , freedom of speech etc. 
  you speak the truth and you face trail . 
  1066 worst year of my life . 
  awesome and interesting , i wish people knew more about this type of history and how it 's relevant today . 
  so many englishmen have no idea where our language comes from or where we even come from , at least so many around my age . 
  perhaps it would give us more of an identity too , since we seem to be lacking that unlike the welsh and scottish . 
  can confirm , rather just skip through charles . 
  it still baffles me every time i read a comment that calls brexiters ignorant . 
  i know that i know more about europe and european geography than 99 % of remainers . 
  i always wonder what biased news europeans must be seeing on their tvs . 
  no such thing apparently , disliking the eu makes you racist and xenophobic . 
  i do n't know why we should care , the vast majority of the british people do n't care whether montenegro joins in the future or not because we are leaving . 
  seems like to dick move that will only lead to more resentment . 
  well not really , they said that 28 million had the right to come here if they wanted , which is technically true . 
  no , europe 's donald trump is geert wilders if anybody , not nigel farage . 
  unless you are mainly referring to the sexual comments , then you are probably right . 
  who 's talking about me ? 
  just making a joke, 
  that is very much an understatement .
