  not everything can be divided into correct and incorrect . 
  some people like an authoritarian leader , some people are more socially conservative , for example . 
  no , but i 'm sure attitude will win them over . 
  although you might be right in this case , perhaps ` dumb ' ( poor ) people might just have different interests , values , and opinions ? 
  if they want to leave the uk , sure . 
  sovereignty would be a very valid reason for scotland to leave . 
  daily mail is n't a tv station . 
  we do n't have any right-wing tv stations . 
  that 's fucking democracy mate . 
  some people do n't get the result they want . 
  my street voted to remain , it 's disgraceful that my street are being forced to leave the eu . 
  agreed . 
  although it is easier , we ca n't pretend that they are not purposely hiding their ethnicity . 
  similarly , crime reports and news reports often label a criminal as ` asian ' as opposed to ` muslim ' etc. 
  there are political motives behind doing this . 
  they 're not calling all roma people romanian , they only call them romanian when they are actually from romania . 
  if they are from bulgaria , they will often say they are from bulgaria . 
  sorry for not clarifying this . 
  it 's easier to use somebody 's country of origin , rather than their ethnicity , especially when it comes to crime reports . 
  i would imagine you 'd do fairly well , definitely better than the english ( catholic , not stereotype of being xenophobic ) , and we did pretty well . 
  not entirely true , they are often called gypsies too . 
  although sometimes it 's more politically correct to name the country they are from ( romania ) , than to name their ethnicity or whatever . 
  over half of their seats voted for brexit , even if most of their supporters voted remain . 
  to be fair , the opposition have been calling her may to call a snap election because she does n't have a mandate for ` hard brexit ' . 
  lmao , ca n't possibly be any other reason right ? 
  not sure i agree with that . 
  many people have been saying that turks abroad have been brainwashed by watching turkish television . 
  i imagine turkish tv is much more common in the countries with significant turkish populations for example . 
  there 's a reason why he 's only found success in america and not the uk . 
  this person is actually just a genius trying to trigger the balkans . 
  at the last turkish election , over half of turks in the uk voted for the kurdish party . 
  so even though kurds do n't make up a majority of the turks here , they seem to at least make up the majority of those voting . 
  if this vote was held again , and the vote to repeal these changes only got 65 % ( needing 66.6 % ) , you would be saying the opposite . 
  but the thing is , let 's say 60 % want something , and 40 % do not . 
  why should the 40 % have power over the 60 % ? 
   its idiotic that 51 % population takes away the wishes of the 49 just because theres a 2 % difference instead , you want it to be 49 % of the population taking away the wishes of the 51 % . 
  democracy can suck , but the alternative is worse . 
  perhaps proving that democracy is n't for everyone . 
  some countries simply do n't want or care about it . 
  purposely confusing a light spank for beating the shit out of kids will never win you the argument . 
  the fuck are you talking about mate ? 
  every single pole i 've met was smacked as a kid , even though it 's banned in poland . 
  it does n't mean much . 
  indeed , indians in general have the highest income of any national group too . 
  hindus have a lower crime rate than any other group in the uk , including native brits . 
  sikhs have n't caused any problems either , any problems with sikhs ( and hindus ) are problems that stay within their community . 
  inb4 the belgians swap with ireland . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not lying though . 
  do you really not believe me ? 
  nope , none of those . 
  mass immigration from ireland to glasgow resulted in sectarian conflicts there too . 
  glasgow has more gangs than any other european country throughout the 20th century . 
  more than a football team though . 
  it 's a sectarian divide between protestant unionists , and irish catholics . 
  i 've never heard it mentioned once . 
  we did n't . 
  did n't study anything between the tudors and world war 2 . 
  any british sub on reddit . 
  that 's funny , because i thought the exact same about danish girls . 
  copenhagen however will always have better than average girls because it 's the major city . 
  i think that 's because major cities like copenhagen always have better than average girls . 
  in my opinion , danish women are the least attractive in europe , along with irish and british . 
  not ugly though . 
  fucking hell i forgot the weather/raining shit . 
  also the insults that nobody fucking uses , `` my favourite insult is `` bloody cockwomble xd '' . 
  cheers mate !, 
  many people who are anti-death penalty argue precisely that . 
  some of them argue the death penalty is evil , and some say it 's too kind . 
  you even see it in this very thread . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  ignore me . 
  basically anything on reddit . 
  nothing pisses me off more when brits milk it too for upvotes and attention from americans . 
  obsession with tea and queuing ( like it 's our only source of pride ) , apparently being socially awkward , europeans thinking british women are ugly . 
   the idea of declaring some people `` ok to kill '' is a disturbing one to me . 
  but declaring some people `` ok to lock up for the rest of their lives '' is not ? 
  neither are pleasant . 
  so therefore that 's that then ? 
  hungarian looks pretty cool . 
  the euro is easily the worst . 
  i would say that is because turks are very nationalistic , the pakistani diaspora is n't . 
  turks are often turks first before anything , pakistanis are often muslim first ( or second ) . 
  segregated , pretty poor , backwards culture , more of than half of them marry their first cousins . 
  being a chav is a personality trait . 
  not all working-class people are chavs . 
  i thought you said ` you had one too many ' , which ( here at least ) means `` you had one drink too many '' ( calling me drunk ) . 
  that makes a lot more sense now , sorry again . 
  i said it was stupid because you said i had too many to drink or something . 
  i apologise . 
  ~ ~ read the article he linked before you make stupid comments , or at least be educated on a topic before commenting . ~ ~ it 's a known fact that the norman conquest had little effect on the genetic makeup of britain . 
  the 40 % french was 10,000 years ago . 
  these people , along with anyone else in great britain were ` britons ' , or ` celts ' . 
  does make me laugh when people think that is comparable to anything in the past century , or millennia . 
   linking british people to the anglo-saxons was part of the eugenic propaganda before the world wars . 
  no , it was part of history . 
  the main reason however was because our culture was anglo-saxon , rather than our genes . 
  our genes remained majority celtic even after anglo-saxons arrived , and remain majority celtic now . 
  do we ? 
  most white brits are british all the way back to the anglo-saxon migration .
