   they voted to stay in the eu indeed . 
  the uk voted to leave . 
  the 4 nations did n't have any independent vote , only the whole uk had a vote . 
   northern ireland do not want a vote it has n't passed in their parliament because the will is n't there . 
  we do let them vote . 
  scotland voted to stay , northern ireland and wales do not want a vote . 
   what 's amusing ? 
  he just told you . 
  everyone saying the eu is united , despite the fact a future president is calling for sanctions against another member . 
  if they are tired of the uk 's bullshit , why do northern ireland , scotland , and wales all want to remain in the uk ? 
  a much higher percentage are than vice-versa . 
  it does n't have to be equal you know . 
  you 're assuming that all the irish catholics in northern ireland support reunification , they do n't . 
  well if this happened the sides would flip . 
  the loyalists would go mad , and they would vastly outnumber the ira at its peak . 
  you can stop stalking me and insulting me now buddy . 
  you 're only embarrassing yourself . 
  i 've always liked ireland , but given the type of irish people on this sub , we got ta return some of the bashing . 
  like england with america too , but the other way around . 
  the bigger and more powerful you are , the more others will have strong opinions about you , even if you do n't care about them . 
  perhaps people are n't changing their mind . 
  this is the only time a poll has even remotely shown that brits have changed their mind . 
  i really do n't see a problem here , it 's not even hypocritical . 
  a person is allowed to complain and criticise a company even if they are employed by it . 
  same goes for the european parliament . 
  they look the worst . 
  still reasonably attractive though . 
  if you ask the same question here , you 'd see a similar result , except none of them would be joking . 
  thanks !, 
  nearly all the french live in london , so that may be a big reason for it ( liberal , multicultural city ) . 
  are there any figures for the overall numbers ? 
  seems like macron took a massive percentage . 
  i do n't think sargon is as bad as molyneux . 
  he 's more sensible , but i definitely do not think foreign politics is his strong point . 
  you calling it bullshit does n't make it bullshit , funny enough . 
  that 's what you assume , the maps do n't reflect that though . 
  the areas where le pen is popular all have significant muslim populations , as opposed to the west of france that love macron and the other candidates . 
  same . 
  i wonder if the people who did n't answer `` true '' , instead answered `` do n't know '' . 
  so what everyone on this sub has been saying is bullshit ? 
  everyone has been saying they vote le pen because they have never seen a muslim or an immigrant before . 
   he said he did not care about france sounds a bit different to ` let them decide ' . 
  it did n't to me . 
  if anything it sounds like he does n't care what the result is . 
  based on the downvotes i assumed that this is n't how other people interpreted it though . 
  here we see why everyone on this sub hates russia and the uk . 
  do n't forget the assyrians too, 
  it 's not a negative statement though , unless it 's wrong for us to let the french decide who they want to elect ? 
  or maybe they 've seen places with lots of muslims , and do n't want their hometown becoming the same ? 
  i think you are in the majority, 
  why are you being downvoted for this ? 
  lmao . 
  do we all have a duty to care about france ? 
  i do n't care who they vote for , it 's up to them . 
  he 's acting like the far-right have been defeated and that 's that . 
  this is n't true . 
  le pen is very likely to increase her support in 2022 . 
  would n't be so confident , elections are every ~ ~ 4 ~ ~ 5 years . 
  maybe that is precisely why he 's against it ? 
  he 's certainly against the ira . 
  i think the ` far-right ' ( ukip ) here is n't really far-right though ( unlike bnp etc ) , it 's more about taking the country to what it was a few decades ago . 
  basically playing on nostalgia , rather than ethnic nationalism or anything like that . 
  i think that is largely the same with trump too . 
  apparently the majority of the votes recorded so far are outside of the cities , where i imagine le pen has more support . 
  a very interesting contrast with ukip . 
  the difference between people in their 50s and 60s is also interesting . 
  an interesting difference is that ukip is popular with older people , whereas le pen ( and others like wilders ) is reasonably popular with younger people . 
  they are both hindered by the voting systems though ( ukip with fptp , fn with 2nd round voting ) . 
  i really dislike brexit being compared to trump , and especially le pen . 
  voting ukip into power can be compared to them , but not simply voting to leave the eu . 
  agreed , also missing a few greek islands . 
  do n't know why this has been downvoted ( i do ) , it seems pretty honest and funny . 
  yes , all very left-wing . 
  athough even most people there do n't like corbyn, 
  most positive one we 've got !, 
  thanks ruskies, 
  proud to be english !, 
  you will never find a chav who likes babymetal , or even metal in general , lmao . 
  because we love metal , and babymetal is just a great band . 
  at least these ones are n't hypocrites, 
  you on the other hand are very smart, 
  fair enough, 
  so you want turkey to have a civil war ? 
  you think that will be beneficial for the country ? 
  how 's that working out for syria ? 
  social conservatism is too broad of a term to say it is always wrong . 
  it is socially conservative to be against mass immigration and islam . 
  we will soon found it if they were wrong or not . 
  i do agree with you . 
  problem is that not every society is at the same stage , and if you decide to drag people against their will toward a society that you think is better , you will not win . 
  you have to accept that turkey will not accept gay marriage at the moment for example . 
  progress takes time , and the people have to be ready for it , unfortunately . 
  if the people of a country do n't want ` greater individual liberty and equality ' , what can you do ? 
  you could drag them against their will , but that would go against everything you supposedly believe in . 
  i sort of agree with you , there are some things we as a society have decided are undoubtedly wrong ( stealing , killing etc ) , even though nothing is wrong by default . 
  i 'm not saying all opinions should be respected , but too many people see things with a right or wrong answer , particularly in politics . 
  this results in a shit debate , since one side is simply calling the other side stupid and wrong . 
  your opinion is incorrect because it 's different from mine . 
  whether you like it not , there is no right or wrong even when it comes to things such as authoritarianism or democracy . 
  this is n't about whether or not the world is flat , this is n't about science or facts .
