   scotland has nothing to do with england except for the last 300 years i guess . 
  independence is fine , but using this as an argument is pretty stupid . 
  i was expecting the uk to be at the top , after russia at least . 
  are people here really anti-wikileaks ? 
  being proud of your history is different to wanting to bring it back . 
  oh we already have plenty of them now , 
  i think brits can actually into slav , we have the same fashion style . 
  portugal, 
  exactly what i thought , or like tony blair coming out in support of remain . 
  i have never met a person in my life who has been taught about britain 's positive contributions to the world . 
  usually people are not taught at all about the empire , but when they are it is usually negative . 
  i would go as far as saying almost every empire that has ever existed has had slavery , usually at the heart of it . 
  russia and russians still get it worse though . 
  if your friend defeated cancer , would you be proud of them ? 
  you do n't have to necessarily do something yourself to be proud of it . 
  that 's just my opinion anyway . 
  i saw a comment of yours yesterday and i made me wonder where you had been !, 
  glad to have you back . 
  whenever i see a comment from you that is so typical of you , i always say ` king george commands ! ', 
  to myself . 
  can confirm, 
  funny coming from somebody from the caucasus , about as diverse as a small region can get . 
  looks like english, 
  people on the left here call the uk a ` nation of immigrants ' , believe our entire country was built on immigration and think we are inherently multicultural . 
  i can only assume this is the result of american culture influence . 
  agreed . 
  all this recent bullshit with third-wave feminism and sjwism is definitely an anglo-saxon phenomenon , i 'm sorry if it spreads around europe too much ( although sweden are pretty much the champions of it now anyway ) . 
  is this a thing in france ? 
  obsession with anything that might offend a tiny minority of people , even though it should n't ? 
  most brexiters do n't even care about scotland honestly , ones on reddit might though . 
  british nationalism is n't very common at all , english/scottish/welsh nationalism is much more common in real life . 
  i see more overweight people jogging than slim people jogging , to be fair . 
  just because they are fat does n't mean they are not currently doing exercise . 
  they are socially conservative in comparison to those in western europe , if you ca n't accept that then there 's no point in even arguing . 
   the most conservative party over here is pro-women 's rights and so are a good chunk of their voter base . 
  also , despite the stance of the polish government on abortion , a big portion of the population is pro-choice . 
  and it 's the same with ukip and farage . 
  that does n't make my statement false . 
  i would n't say i have a prejudiced view of eastern europeans , but you probably ca n't find one issue where farage is more socially conservative than most eastern europeans . 
  it does n't matter anyway , this is a pointless argument honestly . 
  i know the majority are far more socially conservative than farage . 
  and i would n't compare farage to le pen . 
  farage is liberal when compared to most people from eastern europe , not just extreme ones like this guy . 
  same goes for uk nationals in the eu . 
  what ? 
  that 's a newspaper , not the official singles chart . 
  newspapers are political and that 's fine , music charts are not . 
  that 's what the song is , obviously . 
  i do n't think many people would disagree . 
  because perhaps playing political propaganda is wrong . 
  what ? 
  you think mosques in eastern europe are great or something ? 
  plenty of saudi-funded mosques in bosnia and kosovo for example . 
  should have said white british , as there are many other europeans in london actually . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_london#ethnicity bare in mind this was 2011 , a lot has changed since then . 
  at the time , you would have been called insane if you said that whites would become a minority in london in a few decades . 
  only on reddit really . 
  nobody cares in real life , and most young people do n't vote tory anyway , and have a low turnout . 
  nope , you just desperately want to believe it is . 
  let 's be honest , there is pretty much no difference between english , welsh , scottish , and northern irish culture . 
   it 's a desperate propaganda piece designed to trick children into thinking london has always been a minority british city , that our country was n't built up by our own british ancestors , that our culture is fleeting and has always been supplanted by that of others . 
  so sad , and so true . 
  that does n't really mean anything , and does n't mean that we should decrease our population as a result . 
  indeed , which is why the tories are doing better than ever before in scotland , and polls are showing that a significant majority of scots are against independence . 
  more individualist i guess . 
  they do , which is exactly why they want them to vote . 
  they know they will vote for their party more than other age groups would . 
  you 're correct , and i remember reading that turnout for young people was probably about 60 something percent . 
  agreed , but he received less of the vote before the conservatives did that . 
  you 're not getting blamed for wrongdoings though . 
  you 're mad if you think germans are being taught that it was the poles who built these camps and killed jews and others . 
  how sensitive can some people be ? 
  stop desperately searching for reasons to get triggered . 
  lmao . 
  he is nothing compared to wilders , and farage received less of the vote than wilders did . 
  i think both countries are pretty safe , obviously depends whereabouts you are . 
  but does every european country have a negative racial bias towards east asian people ? 
  if you did the same test but with east asian faces , you would n't get the same results . 
  we are not wrong or racist for having this bias , but it is n't ` tribal instincts ' . 
  they do n't , and i have never met somebody who has anything against poles on a personal level . 
  still , controlling immigration only brings benefits to everyone . 
  obviously referring to your comment where you contradicted that , which is why i referenced it . 
  you are certainly not the brightest , which is why we must make it so you can not migrate to the uk . 
   take all the apes and ban us hmm , apparently you do n't seem to think europeans are apes . 
  i do n't think it 's right to call non-europeans ` apes ' . 
  it 's also ironic that you are trying to act like europeans are superior , while being as backwards as this . 
  that 's london . 
  in working-class towns like mine , it 's not quite the same . 
  i think most poles do try to integrate , but many have no intention on integrating since they are planning on returning home at some point , and nearly all are unskilled ( in my town ) . 
   apes, 
  maybe we should , but they should also be skilled and be able to speak english . 
  but when the uk wants to limit european immigration , people here insult us for being racist . 
  other european countries do n't have pakistani immigrants . 
  they only really come to the uk and interestingly , they mostly come from the same small city . 
  no , only in certain towns . 
  well hundreds of thousands already have gone back , but i 'm more talking about poles who have kids in the uk , especially if it 's with a british spouse . 
  we 'll probably see that with the poles in britain too, 
  fucking brilliant, 
   you 're the one embarrassing yourself falling for stupid propaganda . 
  let me guess , the holocaust was propaganda too ?
