  it 's still been going down pretty much every year though . 
  we dress the same too . 
  you are correct , but that is n't statistics being skewed , that 's a part of life . 
  and you are ours , brother . 
  scots are n't ethnic nationalists , so i doubt they care much about that . 
  it 's even more so in eastern europe though . 
  in russia it 's ridiculous . 
  male life expectancy is just 64.7 , female life expectancy is 76.3 . 
  64.7 for russian men . 
  i wish all the look to them . 
   as for how a nation becomes a country , when it can successfully defend its sovereignty to the point where it is accepted as a nation by the rest of the world . 
  or when the bigger country lets them , like the uk with scotland . 
  because the only reason people are anti-eu is propaganda ? 
  right . 
  if any eastern european country left , it would be a net gain . 
  but the point of the eu is to control all of europe , so they are not interested in net gains . 
  yes yes yes , just accept you were wrong the first time . 
  that 's interesting , it did n't look that way , as tourists at least . 
  ceske budejovice reminded me of an average , pretty deprived town back home . 
  you obviously know more than me though . 
  unfortunately that is not the case . 
  everyone with a british passport is ` equally british ' , really does pain me to say it . 
  outside of prague , czech republic is not better than france and belgium , in my opinion at least . 
  sounds legit, 
   i only take pride in things that i have accomplished or had a part in would you be proud of your family member if they defeated cancer ? 
  well then , does n't sound right to say that they ` created ' them , like europeans created argentina , or canada . 
  bit dodgy saying they ` created ' mexicans . 
  i thought it was pretty obvious that the baltics were more anti-russia than us , guess i should have made it more clearer the first time . 
  little influence i 'm afraid . 
  i meant that we were the only serious opposition to russia . 
  sure the baltic states , poland , and romania are more wary of russia , but that does n't translate into much when the germans and french do n't share their concern . 
  i found it interesting in particular how much french politicians like russia , especially compared to the us . 
  nice to see you get triggered though . 
  we do n't really ` do ' bumper stickers . 
  we were the country in the eu that was always against russia the most . 
  something many here would not like to admit . 
  the eu has such a positive image because europe has a positive image . 
  the world sees europe ( or western europe ) as the region with the highest quality of life in the world . 
  it is also much less controversial than the us . 
  europe and the eu might as well be synonymous in most of the world . 
  that 's more than most people would expect for iceland . 
  no , it 's also the majority of 25-64 year olds . 
  same with tokyo in 2020 , as i 'm sure you already know . 
  but that 's actually a tourist town , so it 's understandable . 
  this is just some random village . 
  that 's hilarious , and almost adorable . 
  drystone walls are absolutely everywhere . 
  perhaps you 're right , i still do n't think any country should go over the top with it though . 
  i do n't think it 's too much of an issue in any of the countries on the graph . 
  could you imagine a society where adultery is completely acceptable though ? 
  children growing up without a stable family as nobody is staying together ? 
  which has been proven to be the primary determining factor of child/teenager 's susceptibility to mental instability and crime . 
  i think it should concern society as a whole . 
   affairs seem so taboo that people in the uk & us will change their entire character judgement of someone they 've known for decades just because they had sex with someone who was n't their spouse i would probably do that , and do n't see anything wrong with me doing it . 
  you are untrustworthy , deceitful , and if you have kids it is 10x worse . 
   we make way to much about something that is absolutely the most of natural thing . 
  many things are natural , does n't mean they are right or moral . 
  you must be a cunt to think having an affair when married is morally acceptable ( without consent from your spouse ) . 
  plenty of people say they 're christian on this census even when they do n't believe in god . 
  definitely with the americans on this . 
  ca n't think of many people here who would n't say the same honestly . 
  lmao . 
  this sub . 
  it 's not hindus , it 's not buddhists , it 's not the chinese , nor the israelis . 
  it 's always muslims ( mostly pakistanis ) . 
  it reminds me of this from the bbc . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-39138083 ` tanveer hussain : indian athlete held over sex abuse in us ' http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-38824358 ` kashmir muslim athlete denied us visa due to ` current policy '' they change the identity to fit their agenda . 
  why not have ` kashmir muslim ' when he is arrested for sexually abusing a minor ? 
  it 's very true though . 
  maybe less so with the uk , but they certainly consider the usa to be an enemy , and pretty much the entire rest of the world . 
  this sub has such a weird boner about this . 
  exactly haha, 
  nobody hates britain more than a portion of the left-wing of this country . 
  i did n't realise this until i went to central europe not long ago . 
  for some reason i thought clothes would be cheaper ( when converted to gbp ) , boy was i wrong . 
  was also amazed how expensive electronic/luxury items were . 
  agreed . 
  although a lot of the county towns are pretty much student towns/cities . 
  agreed , difficult to compare though . 
  sheffield is obviously much bigger , and there are n't many nice cities at all in the uk . 
  nottingham and leicester ( near me ) are both even worse than sheffield . 
  the locals like to shit on lincoln , but it 's a beautiful town with immense history . 
  perhaps his approval ratings before were just unrealistically high . 
  you could say his approval ratings falling was inevitable . 
  ca n't tell if your post is serious are not . 
  it 's like you are mocking people that stereotype , but since you are -4 on res , i 'm gon na guess you are serious . 
  i think you might be an idiot . 
  had to live where ? 
  all you can see is a cathedral . 
  wow . 
  usually these maps look shit , but this one is beautiful . 
  to be fair , there 's nothing wrong with that , as long as he is n't claiming that russia is any better at it . 
  it 's like someone 's carved out the celtic union, 
  it was , does n't change the fact that he is nothing compared to hitler . 
  only on this sub would i hear such a comparison . 
  does n't surprise me anymore though , historical revisionism is just too cool now . 
  not quite leopold or hitler, 
  i personally think it 's just a northern/southern european thing , rather than the domestic policies of said countries . 
  now repent your sins . 
  how dare you make a harmless assumption .
