   go to another country to see the subway ? 
  that 's not what this is about . 
  the subway is at the top because it is based off two reasons : 1 . 
  it is popular ( lot of ratings/reviews ) 2 . 
  the ratings/reviews are very good that 's how the rankings are created , not asking people what the best thing in south korea is . 
  to be fair , there is natural beauty everywhere . 
  the uk is the only place with the harry potter studio , i guess . 
  why do/did we contribute so much more than france ? 
  surely it should be the same ? 
  similar economy , similar population . 
  nope . 
  remainers never caught onto the fact that brexiteers were complaining about uncontrolled immigration , despite them saying it 100 times . 
  pakistani immigration has been low for quite a few years now . 
  this thread is a joy to read . 
  seeing people who do n't live in the uk , act like they know everything about it and the people in it . 
  daily mail readers are middle-class middle-aged women . 
  i do n't think it does too much . 
  what i dislike is how despite performing better than men in all areas of education , they still go on about inequality because men make up a higher percentage in the stem field ( in the uk ) . 
  pretty much everybody accepts that in terms of global power and influence , the list goes : 1 . 
  china 3-5 . 
  uk , russia , france ( can debate about order , uk or russia are 3rd ) . 
  i would say russia are more powerful than us on the world stage . 
  but we are 4th , and france are 5th ( or about the same ) . 
  germany is more powerful economically , but not on the world stage . 
  uk and france are permanent members on the un security council , have larger militaries , and are more relevant as a whole . 
  we have it too . 
  the white british population of all the multicultural cities are decreasing because the whites move out for various reasons . 
  no community feeling , feeling like a stranger in their country , dislike the rate of change , crime rate etc. 
  i 'm certain the same thing is happening/will happen in other european countries . 
  paris has this third-world feel to it , and i 'm not talking about the people . 
  the shops , the buildings , the streets , the litter . 
  does n't look nice at all . 
  there 's that word being thrown about again . 
  if you call everything fascist when it 's not , it loses it 's weighting . 
  this just reeks of somebody who only knows about the uk through the internet . 
  because they are middle-class immigrants , like indians . 
  thanks for telling me something i obviously already know . 
  agreed . 
  how the fuck is the modern death penalty ` cruel ' ? 
  it 's nicer than locking somebody up for life , full of rape , violence , and other psychopaths . 
  pretty much . 
  but people love revisionist history here , so they blame everyone apart from the obvious ones . 
  just a guess really , most young redditors with a scottish flair seem to be very pro-independence , so i thought i would point out the hypocrisy . 
  literally scottish independence , except ` fuck the english ' instead . 
  lol . 
  even on this sub , every ww2 thread results in a massive hatefest towards the uk and to some extent france . 
  not germany though funny enough . 
  hindsight is 20/20, 
  the most upvoted threads are still news or non-toilet shit . 
  fucking government intervention again amirite, 
  i honestly hate these megathreads . 
  let the upvote/downvote function decide what 's on the front page . 
  when people get bored of them they will stop upvoting them . 
  his english is fine , just missing a few commas . 
  problem is that they are narrow-minded when it comes to conservative ideas . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  it 's the complete opposite here , i 'm worried for my generation too . 
  i wish the uk even had just a few conservative young people . 
  at least conservative young people who are n't posh . 
  even young chavs these days are socially left-wing . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  i can almost guarantee that the fertility rate in france was much higher in the 19th century , and even higher before the industrial revolution . 
  and / r/ukpolitics now, 
  every single party ever would have done the exact same thing, 
  because mass immigration is great for everyone and only has benefits !, 
  sure we can do it , but we do n't want to . 
  why would anyone want less space in their country ? 
  probably not, 
  was n't in the government anyway , if they offered him a role we would have probably accepted it . 
  also he did n't retire as an mep , his job . 
  juncker should get a post then . 
  lol , seems worth it . 
  erm , okay ? 
  you know these maps are from periods when ireland was independent ? 
  the language is continuing to die because the irish do n't care about it , even though nearly all of them learn it in school . 
  abstaining was probably the smart choice, 
  just as bad with europeans , who for some reason dream of a united ireland . 
  apparently they are fine with reigniting the troubles , but it 's clear they do n't care about the stability of northern ireland . 
  not in the next few decades , ca n't really predict much after that . 
  also fuck off . 
  fed up of people fantasising about a united ireland like it 's a fairytale or something . 
   he considered everyone inferior but germans . 
  wrong . 
   and btw , this far , the only country that hit ( and even killed ) polish people for being polish , is your country . 
  okay , so just to conclude . 
  brits are racist against poles , but the nazis were n't . 
  okay nazi . 
  so he did n't consider slavs an inferior race and planned to exterminate/ethnically cleanse them from central/eastern europe ? 
  ( he did ) . 
  are you a neo-nazi or something ? 
  oh , i had no idea he did n't like jews . 
  so he was n't racist against slavs ? 
  only jews ? 
  looking forward to the excuses and claims of bullshit, 
  so hitler was n't racist ? 
  good to know !, 
  i learn more and more everyday on this sub . 
  is genociding ethnic poles just xenophobia then ? 
  nothing to do with race or ethnicity ? 
  so you think hitler was n't racist to poles ?
