  hahaha . 
  lmao . 
  this comment is like a parody . 
  `` how i can appeal to / r/europe the most ? '' . 
  shits on the uk , shits on americans . 
  we only say that to people who complain about how shit this country , say they are going to leave , and then do n't . 
  even london does n't compare to big cities in america and australia , in terms of skyscrapers . 
  london is also pretty much the only british city like this . 
  i do n't mind it . 
  ` uk 's first super-carrier ' does n't sound as impressive as europe 's . 
  not inevitable . 
  in fact unlikely . 
   yes dear . 
  genocides are more of your kind of thing , is n't that right ? 
  yep , no genocides have ever gone on in europe . 
  certainly ca n't remember any in modern history . 
   again , something you would know if you went to that university . 
  have been . 
   that of course does n't fit your nationalistic views where did i deny that the british have committed genocide ? 
  i seem to have struck a nerve in you though , because what i said was true . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the rest of the eu is perfect . 
  we are more nationalist than most we countries , not ee countries though . 
  the main reason you only think we are nationalist is because we are different from the continent . 
  to you guys , not having passionate love for europe or the eu is nationalism , in reality that 's just how the uk has always been . 
  welcome to politics . 
  you vote for the party you vote for because they bribe you better than the others , through economic or non-economic means . 
  i also never denied the tories bribed them , just not for the reason he gave . 
  heading to the right does n't mean fascism . 
  we are n't as nationalist as most european countries . 
  that 's more of a continental thing . 
  brits do n't like fascism . 
  we are n't bribing them to keep them in the union , the government is giving them what they want in exchange for support . 
  something that every government does if they do not have a majority by themselves . 
  i really get bored when people are upvoted for having no idea what they are talking about . 
  if i started making up false statements about finland , i 'm sure you would get annoyed too . 
  ca n't control immigration while being in the customs union , unless you are turkey apparently , so i suppose so . 
  i have read it . 
  now can you tell me which governments we were mocking ? 
  you 're not supposed to downvote questions btw , for the future . 
  what unstable governments were we mocking ? 
  what governments were unstable ? 
  media always loves to create an ` us vs them ' narrative , forcing you to pick a side . 
  the guardian is doing it from a ` we 're idiots and they 're laughing at us ' perspective , and the daily mail is doing it from a ` they hate us ' perspective . 
  but i thought brexiters were the idiots who are misinformed . 
   can that be compared with other examples in the world ? 
  yes , pretty much everywhere . 
  northern ireland for example , both sides were very nationalistic because they feel like they have to be . 
  nationalism grows when people feel like there is a need for it , such as your identity or nation being under threat . 
  you could also say this was the case in the entire balkans . 
  in ireland i think we saw a lot of passion from pro-gay marriage people though . 
  perhaps because it was part of a bigger statement , that ireland is n't backwards and is n't controlled by catholicism etc. 
  i mean we have like two topics when it comes to british history . 
  world war 2 , and the tudors . 
  that 's it . 
  i have learned all about the british empire in my free time over the past few years . 
  i 'm still proud of it , do n't deny any of the bad things we did though , and it 's rare for anyone to do so . 
  i 'm just kidding too , and thanks , 
  we were kind enough to give dozens of countries their very own independence days , so please do the same to us . 
   take that interview when he said he 'd be concerned if romanians moved next door he said if a group of romanian men moved next door , such as 8 living in one room , which often happens . 
  he was n't talking about two parents and two kids . 
  and russia, 
   people think this is some sort of a game and it makes me sick . 
  could n't have said it any better myself . 
  especially when it comes to a irish unification , they seem to think everyone in northern ireland sees themselves as irish , and irish unification would be like fairytale happy ending . 
  they have no idea what they are talking about or the consequences , and as you say , see it as a little game . 
   nigel farage : foreigners are evil and destroy our country . 
  source ? 
  he has never said that , or even anything remotely similar . 
  please , i beg you to give me a source . 
  he has complained about the minimum wage becoming the maximum wage for british working-class people because of this immense competition from ee workers . 
  farage has never spoken ill about eastern european immigrants . 
  good old independent . 
  it was until turnout for young people was apparently still very low . 
   mays government went directly in the direction of the hardest brexit possible . 
  a version of brexit for which there never has been a majority in the uk . 
  because of this ( among others ) she was humiliated at the polls and now nobody really knows what the uk actually wants - even the uk government itself as it seems . 
  this is n't why she did poorly in the election . 
  at all . 
  it was stupid policies in the manifesto , such as reducing police funding ( while terrorism is going on ) and the dementia tax . 
  what surprised the tories was the fact that many ukippers went back to labour , probably due to the 2 policies i just mentioned . 
  other main reason was an awful campaign , centered around leadership , even though she refused to turn up to any debates . 
  why ? 
  good way to hide the fact you 're an idiot , i approve . 
  quickest downvote of my life . 
  why not remove wales too then ? 
  the knowledge europeans have about the uk is baffling . 
  guess that 's the result of european propaganda , the idea that only england voted to leave . 
  makes sense, 
  i 'm surprised a third do n't . 
  what ? 
  problem is what do we learn ? 
  there is n't one obvious language for us to learn . 
  it 's rare that we will ever require french , german , spanish , or mandarin while in the uk . 
  you ca n't be that thick , surely ? 
  kind of obvious , really . 
  you even quoted 2016, 
  agreed , terrible week . 
  and the tower fire did n't get the attention the manchester attack got , it 's not because they do n't matter , it 's because of the nature of the catastrophes . 
  well there are still many missing in the top levels , so we do n't know the final death toll .
