   and you have already been corrected about the number of immigrants . 
  nope , i am correct . 
  630,000 immigrants , 333,000 net migration . 
  http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/statistics-net-migration-statistics  your opinion is formed on unbelievably wrong data . 
  again , my data is correct . 
  nope , that 's net migration , not total immigration . 
  http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/statistics-net-migration-statistics . 
  630,000 was total immigration in 2015 . 
  i do n't see how that is in any way relevant , but okay . 
  let it out mate , let it out . 
  i do n't see how that is in any way relevant , but okay . 
  if nationalism is wanting to govern your own country , then call me and that guy a nationalist . 
   what is immigration like ? 
  well we have 600,000 people coming into the country every single year , without the people 's consent . 
  nobody ever asked for this , last week 's vote was the first time the british people had the option to get rid of open borders and uncontrolled immigration . 
   why is it almost always the poles ? 
  because there are a lot of them here , our largest immigrant group ( after indians ) . 
  these racists probably have the same hatred towards other eastern europeans like lithuanians or bulgarians , it 's just that there are a lot more polish people . 
  that 's what it 's like in many areas of the uk , but this abuse is still happening, 
  they can get access , but not be a part of it , there 's a difference . 
  to add some context , daniel hannan has supported free movement the whole time . 
  even when campaigning to leave the eu , he did n't oppose the free movement . 
  basically there could n't be a more bias tory mp in terms of free movement . 
  getting downvoted on this sub for suggesting that it was wrong, 
  you really do not understand do you ? 
  skilled immigration , such as the import of foreign doctors , will still happen whether we are outside the eu or not . 
  everybody here knows the positives of immigration , more than any other country in europe , that will not change . 
  yup , attacks against refugee centres and muslims in germany and sweden were constantly excused on / r/europe in the past year . 
  as soon as similar things happen to white people , anti-british hatred is out in full force . 
  no , according to / r/europe , nobody is racist except the english . 
  rekt, 
  ` who 's laughing now ' is a popular phrase , yet hilariously i have seen all over reddit that he is purposely quoting hitler . 
  i agree , but this has nothing to do with brexit or the free movement of people . 
  if we want doctors from abroad , we will import doctors from abroad . 
  i 've already had this argument 50 times on this sub , so i do n't want to argue anymore . 
  i agree , it 's just reddit as a whole is complete cancer right now for a leave voter . 
   maybe people thought it was a good illustration of britain 's dependence on immigrants for the health service ? 
  you were the first to mention immigrants , so i was just continuing from your comment . 
  making wild assumptions there , also i never said they voted against globalisation , i just said it fucked them in the ass , so they are in a pretty shitty situation . 
  i said they voted against globalism . 
  i do n't care about how the eu helped us decades ago , this was n't a vote about that . 
  this vote was about looking at the present eu , and looking at the future . 
  we made the decision that we did n't want to be a part of an ever-closer political union . 
  in 1974 we voted to join the common market , not a political union with free movement with 27 countries . 
  this is n't the result of lies , this is n't the result of racism , this is a result of constant pushes for globalism without ever getting consent from the working people . 
  british people never had a say in whether they agreed with 600,000 immigrants every single year , they never had a say in whether they wanted to be a part of a political union , the working-class have been completely ignored for decades and globalisation has fucked them in the ass . 
  calling them uneducated or ignorant will help with nothing , actually listening to them for the first time in decades might help . 
  the only stupid one here is you, 
  so you mean if i put up a picture of hospital staff in germany where most were migrants , it would be the most popular thread of the week ? 
  definitely , using the most recent example definitely means it 's the worst , yes . 
   maybe people thought it was a good illustration of britain 's dependence on immigrants for the health service ? 
  which is why i pointed out that the hospital the photo was taken in , is in an area where the vast majority of people are immigrants , so of course immigrants make up the majority of the hospital . 
  putting words into my mouth , nice . 
  you 're right though , it is overflowing with hate . 
  it 's gotten to the point where if i admit i voted leave , i will be met with immediate abuse , regardless of what i commented . 
  people are entitled to their opniinos though , that 's fine . 
  what annoys me is the lack of knowledge of britain . 
  a post earlier today had 3000 upvotes , which was a picture of 7 medical workers who were all immigrants . 
  this failed to note that the picture was taken in hackney , a place where 36 % of the population is white british . 
  never-mind the fact that it was one of the most irrelevant threads ever on this sub , literally just a photograph of 7 random people at a hospital . 
  obviously the only reason why it got so many upvotes was for people shit on britain once again . 
  it is n't just / r/europe though , it 's everywhere and as you say , played a part in why the remain side lost . 
  it 's also the eu 's fault , but i wo n't get into that on this sub, 
  hopefully , the country as a whole is way too london-centric ( i 'm from nottingham ) . 
  nobody complains about migrants in london , we 're talking about the rest of the uk . 
  london overwhelmingly voted remain . 
  opposite on this sub , everyone loses their minds when it 's against europeans , but supports it when it 's against syrians . 
  well done for opening yourself up to other opinions , if only everyone on this sub would listen to that guy . 
  that 's it . 
  blame the education system , and continue ignoring the problems and reasons for why a majority voted to leave . 
  this attitude is exactly why brexit won . 
  wo n't affect us badly , other than some pride for some . 
  maybe they are afraid to say ` immigration ' in front of a pole . 
  also the same reason why people are abandoning our mainstream left-wing ` working mans party ' for alternatives like ukip . 
  a sigh of relief . 
  thank you . 
  update me if you find one , 
  all we know is that these 18-24 year olds do n't care enough about the eu to take a side and vote that way . 
  a majority of young people are not in favour of remain , a majority of young people do n't really care . 
  everything on this sub recently has been about how brexiters ( or just england & wales in general ) are stupid . 
  why ? 
  are we losing our monarchy ? 
  highest wages in europe though , that 's what migrants care about . 
   lol , `` nuh uh im not salty you are !!! '', 
  read through your comment again and tell me you 're not salty . 
  you completely ignored my comment and start crying about things irrelevant to the conversation . 
  you 're salty . 
  we are n't talking about london , that 's a global city . 
  we are talking about traditional english towns , facing situations they are n't used to . 
   people wo n't forget that a lot of people in the uk actually do n't like immigrants britain still remains a very welcoming place  berlin or london , quite a few people who would have previously said they 'd prefer london , might now find it more attractive to move to berlin this also comes with difficulties , finding a new house , perhaps moving your family and most of all , learning a new language . 
   and that 's already assuming you wo n't have to accept free movement if you want to access the single market anyway . 
  true, 
  63 % of our doctors are from the uk , 26 % of our doctors are non-eu migrants , 11 % are migrants from the eea . 
  10 % are from india alone . 
  fair point , right now about 26 % of our doctors gained their qualification abroad ( non-eu ) , and about 11 % were in the eea . 
  just some interesting stats http://www.gmc-uk.org/doctors/register/search_stats.asp, 
  haha , i was going to mention sweden but i thought that would be unfair on the other swedes, 
  thank you , most people in britain know that , but right now many in / r/europe are still salty and just want to shit on britain right now . 
  doctors will still want to come . 
  we are still english-speaking , we still have high wages , and we still have london .
