  at the end of a football season , 2nd place does n't riot because 1st place was granted the winner . 
  1st place certainly would riot if 2nd place was granted the winner though . 
  i 'm bad at analogies . 
  true . 
  in 2013 , only 15 % of northern ireland favoured a long-term option of rejoining the republic of ireland http://www.ark.ac.uk/nilt/2013/political_attitudes/nirelnd2.html . 
  that 's long-term , never-mind immediately . 
  55.8 % of ni voted to remain , hardly enough to increase support for a united ireland anywhere near 50 % . 
  people act like 70 % of ni voted remain . 
   `` if maximum brexit occurs , i put 97 % odds on scotland leaving the uk and staying with the eu . 
  this is way too high . 
   if scotland leaves , i give 45 % odds of northern ireland leaving as well , rejoining ireland-ireland . '', 
  this is comical , more like 5-10 % . 
  edit : -11 karma and 0 replies , never change / r/europe . 
  i know it 's 6.4 % , i 'm arguing that following 1 ) and 2 ) both happening , there is no way that northern ireland has a 45 % chance of leaving . 
  there would be riots on the streets if they ignored it and the tories would never be elected ever again . 
  it would be suicide to ignore it . 
  45 % chance of northern ireland leaving if we had ` maximum brexit ' . 
  that 's what cgp grey said and it is ridiculously untrue . 
  same with the scotland statistic . 
  normally his videos are incredibly balanced and neutral . 
  this video was however not neutral at all . 
  45 % chance of northern ireland leaving the uk with ` maximum brexit ' ? 
  ridiculous . 
  97 % chance of scotland leaving with ` maximum brexit ' ? 
  ridiculous . 
  conservatives not wanting to leave ? 
  lot of backbenchers were campaigning to leave . 
  brexiters running away ? 
  one resigned , the other was backstabed by his friend . 
  he was clearly adding in his own bias opinion throughout the video , which he is allowed to do , but disqualifies it from being called unbiased and balanced . 
  unsurprising though , cgp grey uses eu citizenship to live in the uk ( american with irish passport ) . 
  edit : lol , this subreddit is such as cancerous cesspool it 's hilarious . 
  no , one is a political union , the other is a group of countries/geographical area . 
  i think japan is probably more powerful than germany , britain and france , maybe not militarily though . 
  they receive more money per capita than other areas , but i think they still need more , something to replace the previous eu funding . 
  definitely , this is in the interests of everyone . 
  yeah , johnson was favourite at that point , so gove thought he could replace him . 
  gove supported johnson throughout and after the brexit vote for pm . 
  out of nowhere , gove came out on tv ( without even telling boris ) and told everyone how terrible boris would be as pm and that he is no longer supporting him . 
  this made boris effectively useless , with no chance of winning , so he stepped down . 
  gove stood for pm , got rekt by may . 
  people are still bitter about brexit , they want to complain and laugh at some people regardless of what they do from this point onward . 
  gove humiliated him actually , but after reading this thread , it 's obvious that europeans misunderstood what happened . 
  obviously they must be too ignorant to seek to understand the opposition 's viewpoint, 
  i know it 's just talk , but my point still stands . 
  they were both trying to create a new image of the party . 
  i personally think both right-wing and left-wing opposition is a good thing . 
  i guess she and the tories want to try and get rid of their poor-hating stereotype . 
  that 's probably anti-semitic , although it 's a perfectly valid viewpoint . 
  islamophobic too , it 's the largest religious group to circumcise boys . 
  migrants are also younger than native germans on average , so more of them will be having kids . 
  that 's because they integrated very well , the ones i 've met are just cool liberal guys . 
  also almost all of our muslims come from south asia ( pakistan , india , bangladesh ) . 
  i would imagine these muslims are very different to north african and middle eastern muslims . 
   fucking england ruining things for everyone else . 
  it was n't england that caused the 50 % youth unemployment in southern europe , it was the eurozone . 
  lol , you really have no idea what the eu is or does do you ? 
  w. . what are you talking about ? 
  why are you being facetious ? 
  lots of things in the last few days have come out about leadsom , i used to like her , now i definitely do n't . 
  this is purposely repeated by everybody . 
  they are purposely singling out the english as the bad guys . 
  hating on wales goes against their narrative of the ` english wanting to go back the empire glory days ' . 
   just about isolation completely the opposite . 
  most leave voters simply feel no affiliation with europe and want to go back to trading with the entire world , not limiting ourselves to europe . 
  of course not , that would make them an independent country , ca n't be having any of that now can we ... 
  do n't worry , i was thinking the same . 
  i do too , but apparently i 've just learned that my parents are evil as they used to ` beat ' me . 
  i would rather have nigel farage as england 's glorious leader, 
  just going my facts and public opinion , i was obviously exaggerating by ` absolutely nobody ' , but i thought my point was clear . 
  xenophobia is only a problem on this sub when it 's against white europeans, 
  absolutely nobody wants to give up the pound for the euro . 
  edit : since everybody on this sub loves to downvote everything they do n't like to hear , here is some history of uk public opinion on the euro . 
  latest polling showed that 6 % of people supported it . 
   before the referendum plaid cymru ( the welsh equivalent of the snp ) did n't even support independence erm , i 'm fairly sure they did ? 
   not least because it voted narrowly to remain if you are talking about the eu referendum , a majority of wales voted to leave, 
  we 've had plenty of polish coming over in the last few years that have integrated with ease . 
  i think one of the main reasons is that they are less likely to live in these ghettos , they have to integrate unlike many south asians in some areas like birmingham . 
  his point still stands , it is infinitely harder to migrate to the uk from a non-eu country than an eu country . 
  that is exactly what i said , indeed . 
  if we do n't leave , you can expect riots on a level never seen in this country before, 
  really is comical, 
  i know , they have no clue what they are talking , does n't matter though cuz circlejerk . 
  no , i remember watching and reading some pretty in-depth analysis of ttip , but it was a while ago so i ca n't remember the details . 
  you forced me to google it again , so here is a decent site . 
  some factors of ttip fuck up the nhs , i 'm not knowledgeable enough to say how though . 
  great = massive/huge importance, 
  my great-great uncle was one of 20,000 british soldiers that died on the first day . 
  [ little picture of him ( 1916 ) ] ( http://imgur.com/xsr6l5j ), 
  this channel and also this video is amazing . 
  the un have been saying this for a few years now , just likely getting more attention because of recent events . 
  right ... 
  if free movement does n't change , expect a rise in support for ukip . 
  even ftse 250 has been sharply increasing lately , not to pre-brexit levels yet though . 
  depends , if we end up continuing to have freedom of movement , ukip 's support will increase . 
  if 10 million people are entering and 10 million people are leaving , you ca n't just assume nothing is happening because the net migration is 0 . 
  especially relevant when you begin to talk about integration etc. 
   east european workers come to work . 
  i never said otherwise  it is a total and complete lie that they can just enter and ask for unemployment benefits . 
  i never said otherwise , nobody thinks they do that .
