  if their voting was based on nationwide votes , he would campaigned all around the country , not just in a few states . 
  i think you 're trying too hard , abortion laws being backwards is not the same as those two . 
  all is needed is democracy , because the northern irish people would vote to remain by a landslide . 
  northern ireland is probably 0.5 % . 
  confirmation bias, 
   i can only imagine the devastation which can fall upon turkey if erdo keeps thinking he has the means to do the same shit putin does . 
  i can also only imagine the devastation which can fall upon europe if turkey lets millions of refugees into europe . 
  both the eu and turkey have a strong case for blackmail , you are willing to trade sanctions for turkey if it means millions of more refugees flooding into europe ? 
  i do n't think so boy . 
   sorry brexit boy but your dream is an illusionary one what dream ? 
  i do n't want millions of refugees in europe , i 'm just being realistic . 
  but sure attack me for something unrelated because you are stupid and immature like that . 
  true, 
  shit ... they 're on to us . 
  i think you 're right though , i originally put march but changed it . 
  haha , it is extremely likely that we trigger article 50 in april 2017 , so we will probably be out the eu by april 2019 . 
  which part of your ass did you pull that from ? 
  unfortunately europeans here refused to accept the fact that turkey is the one with power here , not the eu . 
  people here desperately want the eu to just bully turkey around , you ca n't . 
  turkey has every right to let millions of refugees go on to europe , whether you like it or not . 
  and an even smaller percentage do want to be in the eu political project . 
  your point ? 
  more people are against it than for it . 
  i regret clicking on his profile ... 
   no , being drunk per se does n't mean that one ca n't give consent . 
  that 's your opinion , i might agree , but many people do n't . 
  some believe that if you are drunk you can not give consent as you do n't have full control over your body etc. 
  and sweden , but i guess everybody assumes that now . 
  yes , it is , the map says so . 
  you have to bear in mind that we have a big portion of brits who 's mother tongue is n't english , but rather punjabi , urdu or bengali . 
  do n't know how much of an impact this would have , maybe 0.1 or 0.2 points . 
  the remain campaign had months to tell us about the positives of the eu , they did n't . 
  why ? 
  because there are no positives ( in the mind of the british people ) apart from the single market . 
  if leaving the eu would n't result in economic uncertainly , leave would have gotten over 70 % of the vote . 
  that 's because older people have more wealth but a lower level of education , as people did n't need to go university or even college like they do now . 
  and obviously older people voted for brexit and younger people voted for remain . 
  less educated people in the uk have 0 interest moving abroad to europe , and therefore nothing to gain as freedom of movement is just a negative for them , both economically and ( in some opinions ) culturally . 
  nobody forgot , just nobody cares . 
  nobody , nobody voted to leave the eu because of that stupid quote . 
  this is something remainers grab onto because they have no other arguments . 
   look , we just want to be able take your jobs no , most brexiters do n't care about migrating to europe , and the working-class certainly do n't . 
  freedom of movement is n't a give or take issue among the working-class , it 's just a take issue . 
  very few british people like the idea of freedom of movement , most remainers just see it as an unfortunate requirement to be in the single market . 
   people in india are delusional , but delusional in a good way . 
  make the best out of a crappy situation . 
  more like they are ultra-nationalist . 
  many refuse to accept that india has major problems like poverty , just because they are so sure their country is superior . 
  meanwhile the working-classes of developed countries ( not sure about in germany ) have been the biggest losers . 
  i think it 's a force for good for everyone except the working-class in developed countries . 
  statistics prove this such as the famous ` elephant chart ' . 
  there have been no bigger losers in the entire world as a result of globalisation than these people . 
  above all this was probably the main cause of brexit and trump . 
  looking at this graph , it results are just as expected . 
  developing countries who have industrialised as a result of globalisation such as east/south-east asia love it , but the populations of the former great powers ( uk , france , usa ) have lost out . 
  also one of the graphs show that the uk is n't actually the most xenophobic nation on earth , or in europe . 
  nazis are also supportive of animal rights , so therefore animal rights must be a terrible thing . 
  still more support than the lib dems . 
  yup , just because ukip has support from people who are themselves far-right , it does n't mean the party is far-right . 
  they have no policies that are even extreme or far-right , unlike the bnp etc. 
  we can always rely on the portuguese to not betray us, 
  anti-establishment usually refers to anti-liberal elite and anti-globalism . 
  he was most certainly against the liberal elites in the media and in the bureaucratic international organisations . 
  i think you must have a different definition of most . 
  trump was behind in state polls too . 
  behind in wisconsin , michigan , pennsylvania , even florida . 
  he won them all . 
  the popular vote is irrelevant because he was behind millions in california alone . 
  they decided and wanted to have a referendum , just because it did n't go the way some tories wanted does n't mean it should just be ignored . 
  i honestly ca n't believe what i am reading . 
  they have never said anything regarding islam , perhaps some of their supporters or members are , but the party in terms of policy is n't . 
  one of the reasons why we have a housing crisis is because we hate flats and buildings like these . 
   and i 'm saying that islamophobia is more common-place in the uk . 
  oh , your other statement may be partly true , but this one is n't at all . 
  we have the most muslims after france , we have no anti-islam party unlike france and holland . 
  most surveys actually put france and the uk has the least islamophobic countries in europe . 
  how on earth is islamophobia more common-place in the uk ? 
  we have about 3 million muslims , and you never hear anything anti-muslim in this country . 
  it worries me how pro-islam this country is . 
  fair enough , thanks . 
  no worries , 
  i was joking and mocking some of the arguments for hillary clinton , and her slogan was ` i 'm with her ' . 
  hit the nail on the head . 
  leftists here have the exact same thinking as american leftists . 
   ` since everybody is a descendant of an immigrant nobody can lay a bigger claim to the national identity than any other . ', 
  this is a pretty widely accepted fact in the uk now , at least among those left-of-centre . 
  there is no indigenous population apparently , because we all migrated to this island at one point or another . 
  ` ethnic british ' is n't even used here , because it apparently does n't exist , ` white british ' is used instead . 
  claiming anything else will 100 % get you branded a racist , and i 'm not joking here , you will officially be a racist . 
  that 's because englishmen do n't agree with that in the modern day . 
  the problem with islam is that it is n't a thing of the past , it 's happening now . 
  if she wins , do you guys think this will be bigger than brexit and bigger than trump ? 
  for europe i mean , implying france then leave the eu . 
  it 's 2016 , and people still want to deny a woman the right to presidency . 
  i 'm with her . 
  then why did millions of the same people who voted obama vote for trump ? 
  if they are racist why would they vote for obama ? 
  also what about the millions of bernie sanders supporters who voted for trump ? 
  are they racist too ? 
  think he wants to renegotiate it , canada has agreed to it .
