  i think most people are n't afraid like myself , but the more common these attacks , or threats are , the more common it is for people to be afraid . 
   you 're putting yourself in a dangerous situation . 
  exactly , putting * yourself * in a dangerous situation . 
  accidents can happen , everyone knows that . 
  the point is that terrorist attacks are not accidents . 
  if western european police were n't so good , we would have dozens more attacks every year . 
  i think people underestimate the threat of islamic terrorism thanks to our police and intelligence networks . 
  for every terrorist attacks , there are a few more that were prevented just in time . 
  obviously because there are more romanian and polish than georgians . 
  i agree , what i do n't like is when european nationalists insult others for being nationalists , because they do n't believe they are nationalists themselves . 
  indeed , damn uk , invading europe with their fascist ideology . 
  i know you are just baiting , but there needs to be some logic behind the bait . 
  unless you are a nazi , then it all makes sense . 
  yeah , i was indeed generalising . 
   except for it being the # 2 issue for brexit voters and the main reason now for not keeping eea status . 
  free movement was , not because of a belief that free movement was ` causing terror and unemployment ' , nobody was arguing that . 
  stop lying to yourself , i 'm so bored of it . 
  i have a tip for you for the future , just because you * feel * something is right , it does n't mean it is . 
  i originally gave your intelligence more credit than i should have . 
   i said that free movement is not causing terror and unemployment , that is objectively true . 
  well you should be happy that this was n't a key argument for brexit anyway , or even an argument at all used by brexiters . 
  i can also point out fake arguments and shit strawmen , and then say they are false . 
  i ca n't believe what i am reading . 
  it 's been nearly a year since the referendum . 
  how have you managed to stay so ignorant and blind for almost a year ? 
  these were the things people were saying for weeks after , most of them grew up a little bit and realised your arguments were bullshit , not you though . 
   have you ever considered the possibility , that people have different opinions ? 
  you could have just answered no , that would have cleared everything up . 
  using the word ` objectively ' does n't suddenly make it a fact . 
  it 's your opinion that free movement is good for example , not a fact . 
   but there are millions of remain voters who know what the eu is and that 's exactly why they wanted to stay in . 
  but there are millions of leave voters who know what the eu is and that 's exactly why they wanted to come out . 
  have you ever considered the possibility , that people have different opinions ? 
   i find that people who `` hate '' the eu do n't actually understand what it is , what it does , or how it does it . 
  i would say the exact same about brits who love it ( ca n't speak for other europeans ) . 
   there are no european people there are some 40 countries and cultures in an area the size of half a brazil that 's what the eu is trying to change . 
  the eu wants there to be one european identity , one european nation . 
  basically european nationalism . 
  i do n't know why everyone here is against nationalism , when they are nationalists themselves . 
  i called you ireland you daft cunt, 
  scotland are leaving ? 
  and mate , le pen has 25 % support , ukip could n't get 20 % and they are far more moderate than fn . 
  you ca n't talk . 
  not really , since nobody gives a shit apart from irish nationalists like yourself . 
  well yeah , i disagreed with you , so i responded . 
  is that alright mate ? 
  just meaningless words as always . 
  because they do n't want to be . 
  a lot of irish on this sub believe that the uk is still illegally occupying northern ireland , against it 's will . 
  honestly , it 's the irish who get triggered at this . 
  we call it the british isles because that 's what it 's name is . 
  we do n't give a shit about whether or not ireland is british , to us ` british isles ' is just a geographical term , nothing more . 
  people talk down their own countries , but if somebody else talks down their country , they will always jump to defend it . 
  haha , that 's great . 
   most people focus on economic reasons , but what about preserving your own culture ? 
  they focus on economic reasons because any other reason would be seen as racist . 
  simply saying ` preserving your own culture ' is racist and has been for a few years now . 
  fair enough, 
  alright, 
  no , i just expected them to be similar to the baltic states . 
  true though , if germany genuinely wanted to help , they should have gave billions in aid to the nearby countries , and offered to take refugees directly from the camps themselves . 
  canada is the sweden of the anglosphere, 
  it 's hilarious , everything has been flipped . 
  the young , fit men flee their countries , while the women and children have to stay and fight , essentially . 
  merkel encouraged this by setting up an obstacle course , if you make it past the obstacle course , you win !, 
  guess that 's a fair point . 
  somewhat expected , although i did n't expect the baltic states to be so soft , especially compared to romania/bulgaria , do n't really get that . 
  well apparently polish people are sensible and understand that brits have nothing against poles and do n't hate brits as a result . 
  uncontrolled eu immigration was definitely a reason we left , but poles are viewed positively here . 
  almost entirely down to the eu changing , rather than brits changing . 
  you must really hate your grandparents mate . 
  i honestly do feel sorry for you , when you grow up and enter the real world your opinions will change , so it 's not too much of a problem . 
  not at all . 
  not all brexiters are racists , although all racists are brexiters . 
  not necessarily , plenty of asians who are racist against black people and vice versa , who vote remain in a majority . 
  perhaps white supremacists might want more europeans too , you never know . 
   you can also be stupid , bitter , delusional , an asshole , an old cunt who 's going to die in a few days and want to fuck the future for everyone else etc etc and still want the eu to collapse . 
  i know you 're a hateful little fuck , but i think you need to realise that old people believe they are doing the opposite of fucking up the future , they are voting that way also to benefit their grandchildren and everyone else . 
  it 's you who is ` stupid , bitter , delusional , an asshole ' for thinking that old people are some fucking evil species . 
  it is so obvious that you have never left your house or spoken to anyone in real life you fucking child . 
  the uk was becoming more and more eurosceptic every year . 
  do you seriously think this was going to suddenly reverse over the next 2 years ? 
  mmm , i 'm sure you talk with the average brexiter all the time down at the local . 
  if only * really * fucking old people voted for brexit , leave would have lost in a landslide . 
  you do know national opinions have n't suddenly changed right ? 
  you know less people now support the death penalty than a few years ago , same with corporal punishment , same with smoking in pubs . 
  why are you acting like all of a sudden , brits have become backwards or something ? 
  welcome to this sub, 
  people take the guardian more seriously and it does n't have the same reputation the sun has though . 
  haha , just a bit of banter . 
  nothing to do with britain . 
  poles have integrated better because they are spread out , thus have little option but to integrate , and simply do n't mind integrating in general . 
  integration is mostly down to the people themselves , not the government ( in my opinion ) . 
  also we should n't pretend that all poles have integrated well , there are still many who can barely speak english and do n't plan to since they are planning on going home in a few years anyway . 
  britain , like most places , has done shit in integrating foreigners . 
  funny what ethnic cleansing does . 
  christians made up half the population of istanbul just 100 years ago for example , your biggest city . 
  source ? 
  where did may say she wanted war ? 
   it came as the prime minister gibraltar 's chief minister that britain will never allow spain to take over the island against its will .
