  that 's good to know , only ever hearing good things from romania these days, 
  surprising that this went ahead without too much public support . 
  good step nonetheless . 
  wow ... that 's pretty crazy, 
  japan guessed that they had 10 % , it was 2 % , i guessed 1 % . 
  i guess every country just assumes they have more . 
  i got rank # 1 on japan and germany , guess that 's what happens when you read random statistics all day . 
  now that is a great story , ca n't wait for the next episode, 
  yeah it 's recent , much more right-wing in the past few months , particularly in terms of immigration and the eu since the refugee/migrant crisis . 
  if estonia had the population of uk or italy ( ~ 60m ) , they would have over 12,000 users . 
  also , 30 serbs ? 
  no chance, 
  i would be okay with this . 
  went to derry , like living on a new planet ( one side was anyway ) . 
  what 's worrying is that newcastle is n't even bad compared to a lot of areas in the uk, 
  your english is fine , do n't worry , 
  you probably got the 50 best people , 
  i am too , i live near nottingham and it seems okay , crime rate has always been pretty high though . 
  it also apparently has the least average disposable income , so i guess it 's not great . 
  [ apparently so ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cities_and_towns_in_latvia ), 
  we live in houses , but our houses are tiny on average . 
  i think i remember seeing that we have the smallest houses in europe on average . 
  yeah , patriots are obviously fine , but nationalists are only ever bad news . 
  very true , the vast majority of people who wear these in europe though are muslim, 
  you can also wear sunglasses to cover your eyes , and wear a big coat to cover up your explosives or your rifle . 
  i 'm fine if the decision is taken purely based on safety , not religion . 
  if they genuinely decide to take the burka away because of safety , fair enough , but it does n't seem to be the case most of the time . 
  you 'd be surprised how many women want to wear it and choose to wear it, 
  but they 're muslims , so nobody on this sub cares apparently . 
  the average game in holland , turkey , greece or anywhere are as bad as these fans here, 
  they do n't share our european values, 
  they have integrated so well into british culture , they just moan and groan about it , but do nothing about it . 
  imo , the muslims who came over here originally to work were the exact same ( strong work ethic ) . 
  it 's the muslims who were born in this country seem to be the problem . 
  many brits still fail to see this, 
  i agree that it 's easy for the media to attack him , but you 're wrong in thinking they do not ` make things up ' . 
  misquoting him apparently sad that bin laden ( ignoring the rest of the sentence ) was killed it just false propaganda . 
  western europeans are vastly outnumbered in threads like this , no chance of anyone hearing your view . 
  just look at op 's comment , how can people upvote such clear bullshit, 
  to answer your question , not all countries have released their q3 figures . 
  we do n't have too many roma gypsies ( outside london ) , but we have a lot of irish gypsies , stereotypes are the same . 
  very few of them perhaps , only experiences may be from the media abroad . 
  because it 's much easier to simply blame muslims and refugees . 
  also easier to hate and blame those below you . 
  you 're right that there is a natural left-wing bias on social media platforms ( likely because of the age demographic ) . 
  when i said / r/europe is right-wing , i was mainly comparing it to the rest of reddit . 
  however , most of / r/europe these days is all about immigration , where it is overwhelmingly right-wing , imo . 
  have you never been on a migrant/refugee thread before ? 
  economically , yes , likely more left-wing, 
  ideally this would be the case , but it 's much more complex than that, 
  it is , but that 's what most newspapers portray him as , propaganda works wonders i guess, 
  it probably sounds much more crazy when it comes from the daily mail , probably our biggest paper in europe . 
  but again , it 's mainly because / r/europe just does n't have similar views to corbyn . 
  then who 's problem are they ? 
  is it their fault because isis and corrupt governments are threatening their lives ? 
  / r/europe is just right-wing , also those who are n't british are only going to hear the crazy shit he says ( understandably ) . 
  we would be fucked . 
  but we 're in the eu , so it ca n't happen, 
  this is what i assumed , but most of / r/europe from countries like cze say this is completely false . 
  makes sense to me though, 
  it used to be okay here :(, 
  but why is this the case ? 
  why czech republic ? 
  why do you guys ( your government anyway ) seem to hate muslims or arabs so much ? 
  and the other half are driven by those who hate religion, 
  racism and violence is definitely the norm among football ultras around europe . 
  full of fascists and just extremist cunts . 
  thankfully the ultras in england have improved over the years , much better than most of europe . 
  i think most people in this sub fail to realise that football ultras are always racist and fucking disgusting . 
  this incident does n't even surprise me . 
  yeah ... ignore that guy, 
  if you think england is bad , you would be fucking shocked in holland or eastern europe . 
  and he has every right to think and say that, 
  nor is it logical or morally right . 
  i do n't think generalising all muslims like this guy is doing will help with that though . 
  how this is n't common sense i have no idea . 
  it is n't relevant whatsoever, 
  and my last name does n't sound english , but my family has been english for 4 generations . 
  because those who hate refugees so much did n't click on this thread after reading the title . 
  thanks for saying this , takes bravery to say this on / r/europe, 
  well that 's for us and our governments to decide . 
  unlike you , i 'm not satisfied with millions of innocent people fearing for their lives in the middle east , or anywhere . 
  you ca n't just deny that we are more capable of helping them , than their corrupt governments are , or terrorist organisations . 
  and even if they were , it 's not fair on innocent civilians that isis are allowed to go rampant , or other terrorist groups . 
  they do n't just fund ordinary mosques , they fund wahhabi mosques that promote extremism , plenty around europe . 
  just like all the politicians and workers for the bbc who molested kids , oh wait , they were n't muslim, 
  that is n't feasible , you actually have to get rid of the problem . 
  not just let them isis go rampant in the middle east , while it is impossible to prevent every terrorist from getting into europe . 
  there are cities in the uk that are +40 % muslim , never problems like this . 
  that same party is been in party the for last 10 years too , they 've only lost power once since 1955 . 
  i know , that 's why i actually agree with it, 
  i agree , most redditors will probably still say there is nothing legally wrong with openly denying the holocaust though . 
  oh i know , you 're right , just making a joke , 
  lots of european countries such as the baltic states are social conservative in terms of lgbt rights, 
  our conservative government promised to be the ` greenest government ever ' . 
  they do not give any fucks at all . 
  it is n't that bad here at all tbh . 
  you only pay after you reach a certain wage ( like you said ) and only pay a set small amount a month . 
  also , it just gets wiped off after so many years . 
  same with / r/unitedkingdom,
