  similar with south korea and probably japan . 
  high annual wages , but a shit ton more hours than most of western europe, 
  although i agree with you , i think the difference is that christianity across much of the world has been constantly reformed over time , to fit the modern society at the time . 
  the extent of this reform has n't really been matched in islam, 
  muslims account for 12.4 % of the population of london . 
  significant , but you obviously ca n't become the mayor with support only from the muslim population, 
  aha no worries , and no i 'm not like that , i often spend half my time on reddit doing the opposite actually . 
  explaining that things are improving in the developing world, 
  i see , sorry , it was pretty confusing to grasp, 
  i think they normally try to , nobody takes them seriously if not . 
  but surely since india has a younger population , even if there are fewer children per woman , there are still lots more young women to potentially have kids . 
  unlike in europe with a much older population . 
  the difference is that even when indian states have low fertility rates , the population of the states will still likely grow because the population is still quite young . 
  just a natural fill up of adults , more than loads of kids being born, 
  fertility rates across all asia are dropping , as africa develops , their fertility rates will begin dropping too . 
  because france is the dreamland for no ethnic or religious tension, 
  i imagine they have done this because muslims will be fasting , probably having an impact on their performance in exams, 
  of course , americans have to pay for many services like healthcare , their wages are very high compared to many european countries , but it does n't make them necessarily wealthier . 
  things are more expensive in canada and usa , and they 're also richer than northern ireland, 
  want to try and justify themselves to decrease it or not increase it . 
  yeah i agree , i was talking about this in my comment earlier . 
  many young muslims feel like they 're outsiders , and feel the need to search for this ` identity ' . 
  it 's also why many 1st generation immigrants are even more patriotic than those actually living in their home country . 
  yeah it 's the exact same , but i do n't think any side is completely at fault, 
  well it does n't help that we also identity them as that , it 's a bad cycle . 
  nearly the whole conservative party then, 
  sounds true for the uk , i know there was a survey done that showed that 3rd generation muslims were much more sympathetic of isis and radical islam than the older generation of muslims . 
  similarly , a higher percentage of older muslims see themselves as primarily british than the younger muslims who were born in this country . 
  of course this is heavily influenced by age , much than what generation they are . 
  it 's the other way around in the uk . 
  3rd generation muslims have more of a muslim identity than their parents and grandparents . 
  a big reason for this is that they feel isolated and lack a sense of identity , as they do n't see themselves as british . 
  kazakhstan , uzbekistan , turkmenistan , indonesia , albania , bosnia and herzegovina , turkey ( previously at least ) . 
  also many muslim-majority african countries like mali and chad are secular . 
  outsiders are n't interested in this though , they are only interested in the articles they see right now ( understandable ) . 
  the main reason why these threads are so big anyway is because there are a lot poles on here and a lot of people interested in poland . 
  so jealous, 
  york 's pretty nice , or edinburgh, 
  so what about the other muslim countries that have already separated religion and political power ? 
  it can absolutely happen . 
  i doubt it , pretty sure it 's more like 10 \u00b0 c warmer, 
  this is summer in the uk, 
  if i was a syrian refugee and i could choose anywhere , i would honestly pick scotland . 
  meh , that 's just / r/europe i feel , except the greek crisis , many blame germany for that, 
  did n't help with attitudes towards homosexuality though , or many social rights, 
  yeah , i 've only noticed it since the general election , because there have been lots of changes , which cause people to react . 
  oh i 100 % agree , but i 'm talking about modern day . 
  i think communism and soviet influence has slowed down progress in many countries , and change is inevitable as countries develop . 
  i think it 's more a matter on when , rather than if . 
  i love threads regarding polish politics , just because there are so many passionate poles with conflicting views on politics . 
  no idea , there are always modern news stories about something regarding race in the usa, 
  i 'd argue although russia may be slightly worse , they unsurprisingly share many views in terms of opinions on race and lgbt rights with some other eastern european nations, 
  there 's little point getting into an argument about which colonisation was the worst , but the belgian congo was certainly up there , you ca n't compare it to the south african apartheid . 
  what do you mean ? 
  same with argentina , nearly all argentinians have european ancestry , they did n't just leave the country to the poor natives . 
  it is , the manufacturing industry in south korea ( like japan ) had huge investments unlike in ghana , where many even today still rely on agriculture for their work . 
  nearly all african colonies lacked investment in the manufacturing industry , no country develops when nearly all their workforce are farming and self-sustaining . 
  south korea was also much more urbanised than ghana , making it much easier to invest in manufacturing and industry . 
  you 'd be surprised how little some people know about the history of ireland here in england, 
  you seem like a nice fellow , happy new year, 
  i meant it could be either 2016 or 2017 , but the government wants to delay it as much as possible , so most likely in the second half of 2017, 
  i meant it could be either 2016 or 2017 , but the government wants to delay it as much as possible , so most likely in the second half of 2017, 
  it 's this sub . 
  compare the market between the entire eu , and a few commonwealth countries , it 's a massive difference . 
  never mind the fact that would never happen anyway, 
  but if we work for businesses , and those businesses leave or go to shit as a result , it has effect on the people as well . 
  it could be any , but most likely it will be late 2017 . 
  funny because our conservative government recently reduced that , because apparently we do n't need it , even though climate change will certainly make us more at risk, 
   whether their lifes get ruined because of it is irrelevant . 
  but most reasonable people agree that prison is about rehabilitation , ruining their lives will not benefit anyone , so why do it ? 
  because gypsies were actually important in his answer , a big reason for many poles disliking and generalising them, 
  i think you 're last point is a fair one actually , but i think you were exaggerating in your first post , i understand you though . 
  in that case the uk was invaded by poland in 2004 , but it was n't though was it ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  last time i checked the only european country facing invasion was ukraine , which is n't in the eu, 
  because the media gives much more attention to immigration that climate change, 
  do you not realise how much western europe and the eu have helped eastern europe since the fall of communism ? 
  you would be so far behind if everyone simply ignored you . 
  some people ( including many in the uk , we also have many projects funded by the eu ) do n't appreciate how much the eu helps . 
  seriously , i do n't know where you get your information from . 
  are you that brainwashed into thinking that people think eastern europeans are barbaric scum , over middle eastern muslims ? 
  you do deserve a thought , but merkel simply decided that she did n't agree with your thoughts , not because you 're eastern european , but because your views do n't align with hers . 
   but me and plenty of people from my part of europe are getting tired of being held to the western european standard you joined the eu , did you really expect the big western countries to try to follow eastern european ideas , or try to pull those countries to follow theirs instead ? 
  it was pretty obvious it would be the latter, 
  holy shit , surprised to see this upvoted on / r/europe , but i agree with you 100 % . 
  the most dangerous thing about the refugee crisis in my opinion , is the violent backlash of nationalists , something europe should be trying to get rid of . 
  media . 
  if the media says immigration is a problem , it 's a problem , if it says climate change is a problem , it 's a problem . 
  everyone 's fears stem either from the media , or personal experiences . 
  i guess swedish media is more concerned with climate change than in other eu countries . 
  you can blame british media and propaganda . 
  people talk about swedish media always portraying immigration as good , it 's the opposite over here . 
  we were certain that on new years day 2 or 3 years ago , millions of bulgarians and romanians would arrive to take our jobs , so brainwashed it 's unreal . 
  people on this sub seem to think all media is brainwashing us into loving the refugees and muslims , in my experience , it 's the complete opposite . 
  it might be like that in sweden , but the reason why so many countries are worried about immigration is because of how it 's portrayed in the media, 
  what is it with poles and hating romanians ? 
  funny because our propaganda is the opposite , scares everyone with immigration for than anything, 
  predictable, 
  but they still identify as indian , even though there is no ` indian language ' nor an ` indian culture ' . 
  very similar to europe in many ways , but you obviously ca n't use the fact that because india is a country , europe can easily become a country too .
