  i find it baffling , maybe it 's a cultural thing , i do n't know . 
  impossible , only brexit campaigners told lies and were wrong . 
  how does it feel being on the losing side ? 
  the idea of voting for leaders does n't appeal to people like juncker . 
  no , juncker is n't a fan of democracy . 
  see him drop the mic once ? 
  what a president !, 
   it does not have to be the immigration itself - as long as you provide protection against its negative effects . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  many people oppose immigration not just due to job security or economic reasons , but cultural and social reasons . 
  the working-class does n't want multiculturalism , simple . 
  leftists never wake up , they are too stubborn , that 's the problem . 
  and a more sensible version of trump would have won by a landslide, 
  it 's looking great, 
  understand that globalisation has fucked the working-class in almost every developed country . 
  i ca n't speak for sweden , but lives in the uk and us have n't improved in decades for many people . 
  globalisation , open borders , and multiculturalism have not improved the lives of the white working-class . 
  great to hear, 
  hahaha , 
  do you get triggered when people admit that many poles betrayed the jews during ww2 because they were anti-semitic ? 
  also , polish death camps . 
  fair point , i think it 's just the fact that this post was n't a post about recognising serbian independence from the ottomans , it was about murdering turks . 
  this thread was certainly an eye-opener , with so much focus on brits being backwards and nationalists , i almost forgot what some people on the other side of europe are like . 
  hey , i agree with you for once , 
  i believe in a nationalism where countries have the right to govern themselves , not this backwards nationalism that has been the death of the balkans . 
  even now they are still obsessed with glorifying past wars . 
  mentioning it is fine , it 's history . 
  i said it 's fucked up because people are celebrating it . 
  if this was a post about turks killing serbs , people would n't be celebrating it . 
  take that as a compliment , cheering and laughing about murdering others in this gruesome way is n't appealing to me . 
  not saying the serbs at the time were the oppressors , but celebrating it now is dumb . 
  i already knew that i was in the minority of this sub for not having this severe hatred of turks and muslims . 
  this sub is fucked up, 
  ahh , uniting americans as one , by focusing on american identity ( instead of black , hispanic , white ) is dividing now ... 
  lol . 
  i 'm gon na assume this is satire/a bait . 
  certainly are in philadelphia , already dozens of cases of voter fraud just today ( and it 's still morning there ) . 
  trump poll workers are being threatened to leave . 
  philadelphia has a history of voter fraud , and is one of the key states in today 's election . 
  do n't you remember ? 
  remainers think that people over 60 should n't have the right to vote because they are gon na die soon anyway . 
  the woman who does it even admitted in a reddit ama that it is n't art when it 's performed for spiritual circles or private houses ( which is what this is ) https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1jctbp/i_am_performance_artist_marina_abramovic_ask_me/cbdekfv/, 
  also the main reason for this is that older people are less likely to have a degree or higher education , and obviously old people of all backgrounds favour brexit . 
  but none of those countries are relevant whatsoever , only french and german are needed . 
  you must be new here , basically as you can tell most of this sub are european federalists , or europhiles at least , they hate anyone who does n't agree with them ( the uk ) . 
  they hate the english in particular because the english are the evil overlords and are still oppressing the rest of the uk to this day , apparently . 
  also we 're racist apparently , so there 's that . 
  no , only england are ever the bad guys . 
  not a surprise , the narrative is that england is the evil overlord and the other countries in the uk can do no wrong . 
  have patience my friend , it will soon come out . 
  https://twitter.com/hashtag/spiritcooking?src=tren this is actually trending # 1 now . 
  i know i know . 
  but seriously , this is the end , there is significant evidence of satanic worship and child sex-trafficking among the clintons and co. . not saying anymore , i do n't blame you if you think i 'm fucking crazy . 
  just wait . 
  the clintons will come crushing down , if i say anything you will all call me a conspiracy theorist , so just wait . 
  except the vote rigging is real , just like it was against bernie sanders . 
  you ai n't seen nothing yet , you just wait until more information is released about clinton 's corruption, 
  we want to leave , but we will soon find out whether parliament wants to leave . 
   i met one where they said ` immigrations ok but i dont like we ca n't control it at all ' . 
  and this is a completely valid opinion to have , the vast majority of the country believe this , even a lot of remainers . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  well the vote is private , so that is complete bullshit . 
  perhaps it 's either because they dislike the eu ( even though it helped them getting here ) or because they want to limit low-skilled immigration that competes for their job . 
  so you are in favour of technocracy ? 
  finally . 
  this channel is so good . 
  please watch the rest of their videos , you will be impressed , the only channel where i 'm a patreon subscriber or whatever it 's called . 
  i recommend the world war one videos . 
  i think it might have , but american immigrants are rarely low-skilled as they have to meet requirements to work in the country , poles do n't ( because of the eu ) . 
  also let 's not pretend that polish people/culture are as similar to brits as americans are . 
  if it was hundreds of thousands of low-skilled americans though i would imagine there would still be lots of resentment . 
  i do n't what know ' / pol / ' is . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/newsbeat/article/34667100/poor-white-boys-get-a-worse-start-in-life-says-equality-report http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/the-filter/11965045/white-working-class-boys-are-the-worst-performing-ethnic-group-at-school.html some articles on the subject , just because it 's not the case in the netherlands does n't mean it is n't the case here . 
  white working-class males are performing the worst in education out of every single group , living standards have dropped over the past few decades and the left-wing is still focused on pushing towards multiculturalism and other shit that struggling white people do n't care about . 
  100 % are in education at least , i 'm sure there are a few ethnic groups doing worse in terms of wealth , but it 's also undeniable that living standards have dropped for white people in the uk over the past few decades . 
  i agree , the problem is that ` conservative ' and centre-right parties have also been socially left-wing , they have n't offered any alternative to the left-wing in terms of immigration , that 's why the far-right is rising . 
  it 's like when people tell us that brits are racist/xenophobic etc. 
  we have had huge waves of immigration for decades from all over the globe and we have accepted them into our country , we have already been doing this for 70 years . 
  if this was the solution there would n't be any problems in the uk regarding immigration . 
  i agree , even to me the word ` populist ' just sounds like it 's somebody who changes their opinion to match public opinion . 
  or somebody who just looks at what the public want , and tries to fight for it . 
  it was the socially conservative who voted us out , or at least the white socially conservative . 
  i think the reason why people like to single out the northern working-class if because most of these are labour voters and support a party that is n't socially conservative at all . 
  people may not like to hear it , but it was also largely a divide between patriots/nationalists and people who are not too patriotic/nationalistic . 
  pretty much shown by how 80 % of people who identify as english and not british wanted to leave , these are often patriotic or nationalistic . 
  fair enough , perhaps it was just some local area i was looking at . 
  although even on this site the majority are not white british after the first page . 
  our most wanted lists look the exact same, 
  the true brexit, 
  everything from douglas murray is worth your time , especially in regards to islam , multiculturalism , the migrant crisis etc. 
  just curious , how true is the ` what others understand ' column ? 
  the first two columns are true at least . 
  whenever we use that argument we are attacked for it . 
  very true , did n't think of that . 
  i 'm afraid you might be a little dense, 
  it would if the net migration was high , but it is n't because so many poles are also leaving the country , it balances it out a bit . 
  it 's also the same across the developing world , ` south-south migration is a big thing now , not just ` south-north ' migration . 
  i often hear indians talking about the same thing about bangladeshis and chileans about peruvians , even ghanaians or nigerians about other africans . 
  no , they 're not , although many thought/assumed they were . 
  https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/10/22/introduction-ukip-party-membership/ you see here that only 24 % of ukip supporters have previously voted labour before , 66 % have voted conservative .
