  literally erdogan !, 
   sir michael fallon , the defence secretary , has also pledged to `` protect '' gibraltar `` all the way '' . 
  the uk defending it 's territory ? 
  disgraceful !, 
  i seriously wonder what world you lot are living in . 
  well , obviously . 
  i 'm sure spain ` would go to war ' over ceuta , or the french over one of their territories . 
  but no , comments here are just comparing may to erdogan . 
   in fact , most people i 've spoken to who voted leave would rather have more isolationist policy ( not getting involved in other people 's wars , less foreign aid ) than anything remotely like an empire . 
  this is exactly what english nationalism is about for most people . 
  for some reason people here think it is the opposite , such as love for the union and love for the empire . 
  agreed , he 's a neoliberal for sure , seeing his comments is like listening to daniel hannan ( tory pro-brexit mp ) . 
  correct . 
  by reddit standards at least . 
   i would n't say it 's bad no , it 's bad , it 's really fucking bad . 
  even this sub is more open to brexiters and other opinions , and that 's saying something considering half the people here are european federalists . 
  i said before the vote that if we voted to remain , we would probably vote to leave in 5-10 years time anyway . 
  the more integrated the eu becomes , the more anti-eu the british get . 
  can confirm, 
  if that was the case previously we would have never joined the eu in the first place . 
  easy answer for you buddy . 
  this is / r/europe , not / r/europeanunion . 
  the eu is the closest thing to a modern expansionist empire . 
  it is all about power , the leaders want nothing but more and more power . 
  they will never be satisfied until they have direct control over everything and will continue to try and expand beyond the ukraine and caucasus . 
  my little theory anyway , i do n't care too much as long as the eu does n't try to harm us , which i think it wo n't . 
  ah yes , brexiters should be banned from this subreddit . 
  it is n't , which is why it is slowly capping off at 11 billion . 
  it would continue increasing at a faster rate if it assumed birth-rates remained the same . 
  although it 's kind of impossible to predict the birth-rates of 50 years into the future . 
  the majority of brits want foreign aid reduced though , [ 66 % according to this yougov report ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2013/11/09/british-amongst-least-generous-overseas-aid/ ) . 
  he gets downvoted in every thread , he does n't care one bit though , it 's great . 
  life is n't all about economics , as i 'm sure you know . 
  no , they did n't . 
  fuck off with this shit , overused meme . 
  supply and demand . 
  when you have a massive influx of low-skilled labour , you get a massive increase in supply . 
  this means more competition for lower-skilled jobs , meaning companies can afford to pay lower wages . 
  it really is n't hard to grasp . 
  competition is good for business , but it is n't good for the lower-skilled people who were already living in this country . 
  i 'm sure the guardian have an article for you, 
  of course you 're not sure , because you do n't have a clue what you 're talking about , and never do . 
  haha , of course not !, 
  as opposed to wonderful people such as the ira, 
  hitler lol, 
  the point i was making was that we do n't bring up the empire in random conversations . 
  you have just linked threads precisely about the empire . 
  and then the final comment was a humourous comment from a guy who trolls all of you on this sub all the time . 
  holy fuck i know , the only people i have heard mention the empire are other europeans . 
  we point this out in every thread too , but they still keep going on about it . 
  pakistanis in the uk often marry their cousins , whether they are in the uk or back in pakistan . 
  right , that 's definitely why . 
  it 's why they are trying so hard to push the european identity , they want europe to be a nation , and for it to be a nation-state . 
  agreed . 
  honestly , i think it 's just largely due to the fact that it is so london-centric , which is much more socially left-wing than the rest of the country . 
   no bbc news presenter has ever made that kind of editorialised comment when speaking as a news presenter . 
  not really true , they certainly do it daily when talking about trump . 
  perhaps trump 's comments about the bbc has led to them not caring about bias when it 's about him . 
   i refuse to believe that the percentage of irish people in real life who are ira apologists is this high i said that i do n't believe this is the case ( or at least that 's why i meant ) , i like irish people . 
  i see you are still bitter from the thread where you got 100 downvotes . 
  i do n't care about you mate , so there 's no need to be so obsessed with me . 
   these are all from today , by the by . 
  erm , no they are not ? 
  none of these are from today . 
  that 's nice to hear, 
  and love ireland . 
  this is so strange , i refuse to believe that the percentage of irish people in real life who are ira apologists is this high . 
  i have never seen somebody with an irish flair on / r/europe who does n't hate the uk , and who does n't sympathise with the ira . 
  it 's annoying because there are so many of them that they are dictating outsiders ' opinions on the ira . 
   despite the memes , culture and heritage mean far more than most people give them credit , unfortunately everything like this is being pushed aside in favour of increasing some numbers on some economists charts . 
  so true , reddit and young people especially seem to not value heritage and culture whatsoever . 
  it definitely sounds true , particularly amongst the working-class . 
   approximately 25 % of the uk population have irish ancestry ( or claim to ) oh at least , pretty much every white working-class person i know has an irish great-grandparent , or great-great grandparent , including myself . 
  to be fair , most cities in the uk are shit . 
  lots of smaller towns and the countryside is lovely , but most cities are n't very attractive . 
  not talking about the history of the british empire though , talking about the uk and germany during world war 2 . 
  even so , i 'm getting bored of irish redditors who hate brits so much that they think nazis were better people . 
  indeed , you are only allowed to insult the english on this sub , the welsh do n't deserve anything . 
  to be fair , have you seen some of the comments in this thread about ww2 ? 
  i 'm certain that half the people here think that brits were worse than the nazis . 
  it 's actually funny how brits get more hate than the nazis , i have never seen the nazis been blamed for anything on this sub . 
  only ever brits and russians . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  i hope not all europeans are as ungrateful as the ones on reddit , we could have easily let the nazis continue to execute millions of innocent people . 
  hundreds of thousands of brits died fighting on behalf of europe . 
  even more incredible how a fucking italian shits on the uk for their role in ww2 . 
  they are fine with it , but it does n't mean that they wo n't assume you are far-right/nazi/racist . 
  the irish would have done the same if they could . 
  colonialism was n't a question of morals back then , but ability . 
  yeah , it 's the exact same with / r/unitedkingdom . 
  no , that is an argument , yours is n't an argument . 
  i also see you 're a little desperate to use that insult , which is funny coming from a scot . 
  i thought that too actually , and they have every right to think that . 
  it 's also why i thought it was best for the uk to just leave , it was n't sustainable to have a country in the eu , that clearly disagreed with the direction the eu was going in , and disagreed with many of its core components . 
  he is n't the brightest . 
   that both countries have a deficit lmao , you know the deficit is a number ? 
  and you know scotland 's is far worse than englands ? 
  i want to keep the union , but i would rather scotland just leave than constantly voting in snp , using any excuse for a referendum , destabilising the country , and demanding everything from westminster . 
  i do n't want a country in the uk that does n't like being in the uk , other people feel the same way . 
  poland is the most loved country on this sub , maybe after estonia .
