  tbf , we are statistically the least knowledgeable nation when it comes to the eu ( out of eu countries ) . 
  i would probably rather live in ukraine than moldova, 
  i think it would be better if you could chose your # 1 , # 2 and # 3 choice , they would perform better then . 
  austria was my second choice after germany , mainly because of the language . 
  in classes like history , we never learned anything that guys are generally interested in ( war , romans , vikings ) , we just learned about things such as women 's suffrage and the tudors . 
  and when we did learn about the nazis , our exam was on ` the role of women in nazi germany ' . 
  this is obviously just my experiences , and it 's similar to those i talk to . 
  you act like ` europeans ' are all the same , not even all europeans are white, 
  for my a-level , we did tudors , women 's suffrage , tudors again and the role of women in nazi germany . 
  probably as bias as it gets really . 
  this was the same for any subjects involved with essay writing . 
  90 % english , 10 % knowledge . 
  it was generally the ones good at english exams who did better at history ( and some geography , r.e exams ) . 
  i still remember my friend who was amazing at drawing , got told off for drawing samurai scenes with people getting beheaded and stabbed . 
  they treated him like a psychopath in the making , when in reality he 's fine , it 's just art and being creative . 
  i think they need to realise that kids are interested in lots of different shit , they should n't be restricted . 
  fair enough , it definitely varies . 
  but to be honest at gcse it 's not really possible to favour one gender , except for history , which was the case with us . 
  no we are taught the same , but the topics were are taught ( outside of maths , science etc. ), 
  often favour the interests of girls , certainly in my experience at least . 
  exactly , even in primary school , boys drawing or writing things about guns/violence was n't allowed , despite the fact that 's what many were interested in . 
  how can they expect boys to perform , when they are not allowed to same opportunities to be creative ? 
  it 's hard to explain . 
  germany will gladly take them in, 
  we first focused on women when men were outperforming them , now it 's the other way around . 
  this is a genuine problem , when i was in school , i always felt like the topics we did always catered towards the girls , and was boring as shit for guys . 
  other than that , it 's also a problem with most guys , they simply do n't work as hard as girls when it comes to studying , results are n't surprising . 
  funny how that is the case for absolutely everyone, 
  do parents not hit children at all for disciplinary reasons ? 
  or do you have the law to protect children 's rights ? 
  basically what i 'm asking is , how common is scolding children in finland , or other countries where it is illegal ? 
  taffy as in the sweet is from america . 
  taffy is also a term used for a welshman . 
  wtf ? 
  or maybe young people naturally lean left-wing , at least in the uk ? 
  it should n't be a shock that young people tend to be more progressive , and older people more traditional . 
  also your comment is simply outright false . 
  not the burqa though , but you 're right that around half of muslim women wear a form of hijab . 
  the burqa is where you are covering nearly your entire face and body . 
  ` significant portion ' , i would estimate at most 0.1 % of the population wear burqas , that does n't bother me, 
  is that really an insult ? 
  does n't seem like one, 
  i agree with what you are saying , my point was that there is nothing wrong with voting * against * a particular party , it is just as acceptable as voting * for * a particular party . 
  that is precisely democracy , they voted for/against whoever they wanted , that 's fair, 
  and there 's nothing wrong with it , that 's a part of democracy . 
  i think this is why french , polish , spanish and italian is so low , because their language is already massive on the internet . 
  i assumed it was because they perhaps have their own sites in their own languages , as they are n't as proficient in english and italian is a large language . 
  similar to the small amount of french and spanish reddit users . 
  it 's hard for us to get rid of fptp because the big , leading parties benefit from it . 
  it 's unlikely that the larger two parties would support a different voting system which would hinder their performance . 
  but yeah , the german system is much better . 
  trust me , it may seem undemocratic , but fptp is really not what your looking for if you want democracy . 
  the thing is , sometimes europe is divide into west and east , sometimes it is divided into west , central and east , sometimes it is divided into west , north , central , eastern and southern . 
  most countries fall into multiple categories , i think hungary is indeed a central european country , but it 's understandable when it is also called eastern europe , just like poland . 
  hungary is eastern europe if you were to divide europe into two . 
  and anyway , the term eastern europe does not always mean geographically , but also politically because of the cold war . 
  this always pops in random threads , it does n't even matter tbh . 
  you say you choose to follow it , but in reality , we know that simply is n't true . 
  they wo n't , it 's just populism, 
  they are not the same at all imo . 
  yes islam is a religion , but is it really hard to accept the fact that religion is not often a choice , particularly in poorer countries and the muslim world ? 
  communism is something you pick up later in life , and make the individual choice of following that ideology . 
  it seems like parties are only left-wing when they are successful or do really well , which is rare for any parties . 
  this is how it should be done ( if at all ) . 
  [ stromae ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oikj0z_xnjc ) from belgium , sings in french . 
  [ j-ax ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrtpl9addrk ) from italy . 
  [ sigur ros ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaa3kf-vbac ) from iceland . 
  [ tarkan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nahrpeqgcl4 ) from turkey . 
  [ taco hemingway ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tko8zmf98ni ) from poland . 
  plenty more . 
  they have hundreds of thousands scattered across their islands , and have done for years . 
  it 's unfair to say they do n't take in any migrants . 
  yeah , this is just populism , playing on the current stereotypes to win votes from ukip voters , like you said . 
  i 'm really sorry this happens : /, 
  i am talking about their fucking illegal war , literally forcefully taking territory through military action . 
  i 'm not talking about crimea 's referendum . 
  wow , that 's crazy , good job poland on accepting them , even if they receive criticism for the other refugee crisis . 
  yeah i have no idea what he means , he might be right on the turkish comment , but not slavs . 
  race has nothing to do with anything imo . 
  we do n't see you different at all in terms of race , but we probably see you as a lower class . 
  this is n't related to race though , just economic background and the consequences of western europe being ahead economically than eastern europe . 
  wtf ? 
  you seriously think this is acceptable ? 
  you 're right that ` we ' ( whoever that means , because it includes russia ) did it for centuries , but that does n't make doing something like this in the modern day acceptable . 
  the 60 that did accept are probably great people too , and will probably enjoy a better life than the 5940, 
  yup , and it seems many people who vote for these parties are the type of people left-wing parties are aiming for ( working or middle-class ) . 
  it 's the complete denial of left-wing parties ( and right-wing to an extent ) which has led the rise of anti-immigration and anti-eu parties . 
  4.5 % are muslim , but close enough right ? 
  same as my reply to the other comment , they were pro-russian before money was involved, 
  yes but i think russia funds them because they are far-right and pro-russia , not the other way around . 
  with the backing of the fn , since for some reason they are very pro-russian . 
  the reality is , they are no more brainwashed than any other european country . 
  you just think they are so brainwashed because they believe things you do n't . 
  i 'm sure many swedes would say you are brainwashed for your differing views on immigration or islam . 
  just so you know , i do n't personally think that , it 's just what a lot of people think . 
  -20 for saying far-right parties are not the answer , wow . 
  i 'm upset this is happening , but it will be interesting as an outsider to see the consequences of this . 
  of course he has n't , he just hears they are anti-immigration and sees them as the perfect party , regardless of their other ideas and policies . 
  sadly , nobody seems to care about those other 8 problems because they probably think all the other problems are a result of the first 2 problems you mentioned . 
  they outright lie in every article , they just apologise for a few in smallprint , which is what will probably happen for this incident .
