  there are millions of skilled workers in india who are queuing up for the opportunity to work in the uk , never mind the entire world . 
  of course !, 
  i personally do n't mind the immigration , however i know some do . 
  the only real solution is to cut unskilled immigration , most of which is from the eu . 
  i already talked to that guy about the murder , he thinks it helped the leave side . 
  every day until the anti-british circlejerk is over . 
  many are , they should be best friends with them . 
  `` everybody must be like this because of this one story i see '' - everybody on / r/europe . 
  no , this is what you get when you take photos of racists . 
  they were racist before , they are racist now , only difference is that taking photos of british racists gets insane popularity on / r/europe . 
   brexit salt is the best salt says after being completely salty himself . 
  the only thing making me salty is how unknowledgeable everybody in this thread is about the situation , including yourself . 
  now , you gon na respond to my comment ? 
  or just accept that i 'm right ? 
  i know you will hate to hear this , but there are millions of people queuing up for the opportunity to work in this country . 
  millions of skilled people too . 
  are you braindead ? 
  doctors come here because it is a wealthy country that speaks english . 
  doctors will continue to want to come here because it is a wealthy country that speaks english . 
  that fact that your comment is upvoted shows how much of a shambles this thread is . 
  it does n't need to , just needs to be a part of the circlejerk, 
  something like that , but this photo is in hackney , where the population is 36 % white british , so it 's obviously more . 
  ` nah , brexit is still worse than that ' - everyone in this thread . 
  oh i see , because after brexit london will have lower wages than mumbai ? 
  yep , no reason why anyone would migrate to this english-speaking country . 
  it 's probably too late to comment now , but no thread has ever annoyed me so much . 
  this is hackney , hackney 's population is 36 % white british , it is only expected that it 's hospital is made up of majority immigrants . 
  free movement is n't required in order to accept doctors , or anyone . 
  if there is a need for foreign doctors , we will give foreign doctors a visa , and trust me , there are plenty of doctors who would love the opportunity to work in the uk . 
  if we want nurses and doctors , we give nurses and doctors a visa . 
  do you understand ? 
  free movement with the eu is n't required in order to accept doctors . 
  turnout for 18-24 year olds was 35 % , if they were that bothered about the eu , they would have turned out to vote . 
  the only people they can blame this on are themselves . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  nothing unique to england, 
  nobody in the uk even knows what a slav is , i 'm serious . 
  it 's not racist , unless you are british , then everything you do is racist apparently . 
  poles wo n't be kicked out , nor will anybody as a result of brexit , i can assure you that . 
  never , nothing can stop the anti-british circlejerk . 
  i have never witnessed xenophobia in my entire life while living here , and i can assure that if any occurred , the majority would n't stand by and watch . 
  you are acting as if england is actually a xenophobic country , we are more welcoming than most of europe and most of the world . 
  funny because england is still one of the most welcoming countries in the world . 
  every country in europe has a few stupid racists in their country , it 's just that the british are being exposed because it 's popular to hate and insult britain on this sub . 
  wait . 
  so you seriously believe that me naming one person , is more accurate than a shift in national public opinion ? 
  my previous comment about your ignorance could n't have been any more correct . 
  that 's deep bro, 
  i did n't , but i also did n't meet any that did n't switch , why ? 
  because i do n't go around asking people if they switched political positions because of a murder . 
  this is a pointless argument anyway , good day sir . 
  polls are more reliable than meeting ` many people ' . 
  every comment i see from you on this sub is either pure ignorance or pure hatred for britain . 
  no , but the polls done after her death showed a sharp increase in support for remain , and a decrease for leave . 
  this was despite the fact leave support was increasing just before her death . 
  i 'm basing this off polls , not based on the few people i 've talked to . 
  it was the opposite , it harmed leave and helped remain . 
  no , he is unelectable because he is seen as unpatriotic and weak , that 's a fact . 
  okay you 've just proven your ignorance , goodbye . 
  you do n't understand . 
  by a 2nd referendum , it would likely by 5-10 years later , which is entirely possible if we voted to remain . 
  this obviously is n't possible now that we are leaving , unless we would have a referendum to rejoin the eu . 
  i love how these ignorant europhiles ca n't even fathom the possibility that this is the eu 's fault . 
  arguable . 
  also another point that can be raised here , there is more to life than economics . 
  these europeans really do just believe anything they hear as long as it fits their narrative . 
  well only 35 % of people aged 18-24 voted , so most ca n't be that bothered about it . 
  thanks for your comments this thread friend , nice change . 
  think he did , he said the exact same lines as cameron , even said ` queue ' instead of ` line ' . 
  1.5 million likes , over half of those are n't even from the uk . 
  you know you can like facebook groups without even being from that country , and also without supporting them in any way ? 
  this happens in every single election ever , this is no different . 
  you 're in the minority, 
  no it 's our money that we put in , and they give some of it back . 
  we pay more than we receive , it 's our money . 
  lol , i know , this sub just gets better and better . 
  hahaha holy shit , -106 downvotes . 
  never change / r/europe , scotland leaving would harm themselves , but not the uk . 
  tons of our own money , yeah . 
  thanks , you too . 
  i agree , maybe we should have never been in , the eu simply is n't for us . 
  fear-mongering was stronger from the remain side . 
  remember some of us still voted to leave !, 
  so you guys can continue downvoting every comment i post on this sub , 
  this is precisely democracy . 
  afraid not , but we do have loads of indians here . 
  lol , yes . 
  opinions my friend , opinions . 
  this is the kindest stuff our papers have produced in years . 
   it 's much less socially acceptable to vote remain bullshit . 
  there is just less to be passionate about . 
  pro-leave , but the telegraph is a broadsheet , not a tabloid like the sun and the daily mail . 
  ironically you are also ignorant, 
  yeah , it is just one random woman/man who made these , no organisation made these . 
  ` they ' . 
  this is one person from ukip , this is n't the brexit campaign , crazy how one random person can get this much attention from this sub . 
  this is the equivalent of me quoting some radical feminist about reasons to stay in eu , and saying ` example of vote remain flyers ' . 
  you 're are n't portrayed poorly in the british media anymore , but anyway , the british media is n't the british public . 
  yeah , by the looks of it , it 's a cultural difference . 
  we could n't even get decent negotiations before a referendum , chances of decent negotiations after we remain does n't look good : /,
