  this is so hilarious coming from you of all people . 
  i 'll post some statistics for you . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/mar/20/britons-on-europe-survey-results-opinium-poll-referendum  which , if any , of the following words would you use to describe yourself ? 
  british 58 % english 49 % european 15 % scottish 7 % regional term ( eg northerner , southerner , highlander ) 7 % city/county specific term ( eg londoner , yorkshireman , glaswegian , geordie , mancunian , scouser ) 7 % irish/northern irish 4 % welsh 4 % local area/town-specific term 3 %  just 15 % of britons describe themselves as european and only 7 % say it is the word they would most likely use to describe themselves . 
  also , this includes citizens who were born abroad in eu countries . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  do n't try and tell somebody who is british , what british people are like , it 's so stupid . 
   you are not speaking on any vast majority . 
  speaking on the majority of at least 85 % . 
  are you actually stupid enough to take the word ` nobody ' so literally ? 
  yeah , i would say that 's a fair comment . 
  edit : actually not many , 15 % . 
  there are 2 places i would have to go . 
  university campuses . 
  inner-city london . 
  everywhere else in the uk is the opposite . 
   if both outcomes are a political suicide not true , only refusing to invoke article 50 is political suicide . 
  no need to even talk about this now , it 's happening , 100 % . 
  because they look pathetic, 
  you would still get laughed at there , it was n't 75 % like london . 
  close enough when it 's probably less than 1 % . 
  just fed up of people having such a distorted view on this sub . 
  no , except / r/europe . 
  because that 's where they all are , they would be laughed at and mocked in any other city . 
  speak on the vast majority , i would n't imagine things are too different in scotland . 
  so hilarious , pathetic , and cringeworthy . 
  such stereotypical crazy lefties , completely unrepresentative of the majority of those who voted remain . 
  they have the right to protest , but they just look like spoiled idiots . 
  i ca n't imagine how brainwashed some people are in thinking this is true . 
  it would be political suicide to not invoke article 50 . 
  lol , that guy is definitely on this march . 
  never met anybody in my life who identifies as european . 
  all just live in london without an ounce of patriotism in sight . 
  got ta love global citizens . 
  gives us a few laughs , mostly just cringe though . 
  nobody has ever identified as european , the only time people have is at the time of this vote because the referendum has made people think about their identity . 
  edit : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/mar/20/britons-on-europe-survey-results-opinium-poll-referendum  just 15 % of britons describe themselves as european and only 7 % say it is the word they would most likely use to describe themselves . 
  these statistics include people in the uk who were born abroad in eu countries . 
  in london , where diversity is greatest , nearly half ( 44 % ) already describe themselves in these terms . 
  oh , thanks for saying that , now i know that i just ignore you because you stereotype 17 million people based on about 10 people . 
  the depressing part is that he would be getting upvoted in any other thread , people always talk out of their ass on this sub on british politics , and get away with it . 
  even that is an understatement , especially when you comment , knowing 100 % you are correct , only to be downvoted to oblivion . 
  it 's a shame not many people think like that anymore . 
  this is the first thread i have ever seen like this . 
  to be honest most europeans who want an independent scotland wo n't even click on this thread because they do n't like the title . 
  every single comment i post on this sub gets downvoted , i 'm hated here . 
  i was originally typing ' a large portion ' but then changed to ` majority ' , i think i forgot to remove ` towns ' . 
  i do n't know any towns that have a muslim majority . 
  but still more than those who opposed the ban . 
  not just london , plenty of wards/towns in the midlands where muslims make up the majority of the population . 
  perhaps it 's because they do n't want to see it . 
  if you go to bradford where about half the women are wearing either burkas or niqabs , you will get a different perception . 
  no , just statistics . 
  the reasons given by the people who voted to stay were that they were worried about economic uncertainty . 
  the vast majority of people in this country want immigration to be reduced , including eu immigration . 
  what bubble have you been living in to not know this ? 
  not even close , most voted to stay because of possible economic consequences , not because they agree with freedom of movement . 
  certainly a small minority of brits , but indeed rip and it 's unfortunate for them personally . 
  edit : haha i knew this would get downvoted , despite being 100 % true . 
  you ca n't be serious, 
  [ these 3 tweets ( poll by yougov ) ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/759391336445440001 ) . 
  there have n't been many polls on scottish independence ( that i know of ) , so there is n't much to go by . 
  official report - http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/ihg707zgux/scottishtrackers_25-jul-2016_indy_w.pdf, 
  true , but i thought we were talking about unemployment . 
  well according to polls , scots would rather stay in the uk ( after 100 % brexit ) than become independent and stay in the eu . 
  support for independence has decreased because of oil prices and the fact that people have realised the snp just lie and lie . 
  as for northern ireland , there pretty much a 0 % of chance of them leaving . 
  i 'm not sure she has any plans to placate the scots and northern irish , it would be nice though . 
  i 've been impressed with her so far , considering she was on the remain side during the campaign . 
  and would you look at that , our unemployment is also very low . 
  socialism ? 
  unfortunately , you pretty much have to go to parties and drink alcohol in the uk to make friends , if you are in a city at least . 
  i think it 's the same with most capital cities or big cities . 
  londoners , parisians , berliners , probably most of the big american cities . 
  pretty much hit the nail on the head , main reason a lot of the working-class feel ripped-off when it comes to eu immigration . 
  they ca n't compete with them . 
  this is late , but african immigrants in the uk tend to be the most educated ones and middle-class ( otherwise they would n't be allowed to migrate to the country ) . 
  i kinda just glimpsed over that comment , ignore me . 
  fair enough , that 's true . 
  order 66, 
  wilders is ` radical right ' as opposed to ` far right ' . 
  more modern whereas le pen 's party is still pretty traditional , more socially conservative etc. 
  wilders is pro-jew and pro-lgbt , something traditional far-right parties would never be . 
  obviously i disagree with you , nobody thinks you are slavic vermin , but you are against diversity full stop , which is n't a double-standard . 
   `` that 's horrible , they should be targeting muslims instead ! '', 
  haha , this is actually perfect . 
  that was the exact reaction of this sub , they are fine with discrimination , as long as it 's not against themselves . 
  this sub made voting leave so much sweeter, 
  statistics that say there are more roma ( from various countries ) than romanians in the uk . 
  once again a romanian getting triggered over nothing on this sub , can you guys please stop getting upset over everything ? 
  no , i just googled the statistics , i do n't just talk out my arse . 
  bluntly put , shit happens , conquest happens . 
  native americans were waging war with each other for hundreds of years , as were europeans , africans and asians . 
  in those days you would n't ask the natives if they would mind it if you migrated there , just like how the anglo-saxons did n't ask the celts if they were cool with them settling in england . 
  of course the scale of it was far worse , but it 's not like they are the odd ones out when it comes to disrespecting the native population . 
  eastern europeans ( including ones on this sub ) hate diversity , but as soon as the uk wants to reduce immigration , they insult the uk for being xenophobic . 
  if a brit on this sub even suggested that european immigration was too high , they would be met with insults and downvotes . 
  because ukrainians are poorer and less tolerant on average compared to other europeans . 
  there are more roma in the uk than romanians, 
  nobody , not one person on this subreddit thinks that .
