  still everyone here complains about the fact there are too many on unemployment benefits, 
  that was the case with welsh and irish , wales did n't call for independence though , they just encouraged the learning of welsh . 
  this is honesty the same everywhere . 
  the most patriotic people often migrated away from their homeland , and feel the need to express and preserve their identity . 
  also the same with muslims born in the uk , they are often more radical than their parents and grandparents who were brought up in a muslim country , before moving to the uk , because of this lack of identity . 
  ah that 's interesting , thanks, 
  guessing they did n't approve of same-sex marriage as much as the others, 
  even catholic south american countries have legalised gay marriage like brazil . 
  pretty embarrassing for all europeans , not just italians . 
  meh , same here , why would you walk around someones house with shoes you 've been wearing outside ? 
  some indians i know just walk to me or someone else to let them know their haircut looks stupid or that they 're fat . 
  does n't seem like they will have this problem , apart from the dying part, 
  oh yeah i agree , i 'm just saying they are certainly ` talks ' about georgia joining the eu , but we are far from actually negotiations . 
  nothing wrong with azerbaijan too , if we are going to talk about cultural differences , religion is n't the only thing . 
  there are hundreds of cultures in the eu, 
  should also worth noting that the results of romania joining the eu have been staggering . 
  we should look at the romania 's success , and try to emulate it with other countries wanting to join, 
  there are talks , the pm of georgia said georgia could be a full eu member within 5-10 years . 
  the majority of the country approves it too . 
  it really is , he tries to sound like he knows what he is talking about , but in reality he is clueless, 
  i promise you this is a small minority of people , but it 's this small minority that dominate these type of decisions in universities here . 
  original mate, 
  sikhs have also been persecuted in punjab by hindus, 
  drinking my sorrows away, 
  you 'll be annexing our entire country :(, 
  nobody on this sub ever says that though, 
  yeah , they should n't act like they are some humanitarian state because ukrainians migrated there for work, 
  do n't worry , i did , 
  you 'd be surprised , many immediately associate romanians with roma . 
  yeah , poland joined in 2004 . 
  a million have migrated here since then , but 500,000 have gone back home since then . 
  most romanians came here in in 2007 and ( 2012 ? ), 
  or whenever they lifted some work restrictions for romanians and bulgarians . 
  iirc romanians generally prefer italy , spain and other countries over us though, 
  yeah , and bulgarians . 
  they made pretty much the entire public believe hundreds of thousands were going to arrived as soon as the restrictions were lifted a few years ago . 
  hardly anyone arrived , it was pretty funny . 
  well more have obviously arrived in recent years , but because it 's so recent , people still know nothing about them . 
  it was the same when the poles arrived in 2004 , took a few years to get used to them and ` accept ' them . 
  eloquently put sir, 
  many uneducated folk believe that over here , although most do n't care . 
  i have polish friend , and he always used to complain about romanians in poland , when he was actually referring to gypsies . 
  yay !, 
  same over here , nobody has any problem with romanians , but because there are few over here , nobody has any experience with them , so lack of knowledge is a problem . 
  well to be fair , london is extremely different to the rest of the country . 
  would n't surprise me if it 's the most ethnically and culturally diverse city in the world . 
  obviously the guy 's comment about ` muslim shitholes ' is fucking stupid though, 
  well it 's not surprising , if your only encounter of brown or black people is from the news , you tend to be skeptical of them . 
  many poles with argue with me , but i think this is something common with homogeneous countries . 
  there is little ( or less ) face-to-face contact with other cultures , so it 's unlikely for you to immediately accept them . 
  takes time imo . 
  i think you 're right , but polish friends abroad is n't the best source for the success of multiculturalism . 
  most polish people ( and all immigrants ) often hold the same values or opinions as they did back home . 
  it 's hard to explain really , but poles in the uk definitely dislike multiculturalism more than native brits . 
  it 's obviously different growing up in the uk than in poland because of the huge difference in demographics . 
  well the baltic states have very similar approval rates of homosexuality to russia . 
  i guess we can only hope it improves at least point , but some countries will certainly make more progress than others . 
  the older muslims in the uk tend to be more integrated and also more ` moderate ' . 
  the muslims who were actually born in the uk tend to be more radical that their parents , on average at least, 
  poland is also in need of immigration of working-age people , since many are leaving and birth rates are low . 
  i apologise, 
  corruption correlates strongly with economic development , not surprising, 
  what developing countries are n't corrupt ? 
  that is n't a good thing at all , because of their one-child policy , the proportion of children to the rest of the population right now is way too low . 
  a declining population tends to mean an ageing population , which is n't good for anyone . 
  i was surprised seeing lithuania level with czech republic , looking good, 
  but only east berlin, 
  that 's not the case at all . 
  i understand it must be annoying to be grouped into such a massive category , but categorisation is easier . 
  when there was such a divide between western and eastern europe during the cold war , it 's inevitable that people still refer to the terms . 
  i 've had these conversation 100 times , people need to understand that it is n't really geographical , more political because of the iron curtain and the cold war . 
  they also should n't feel ashamed if someone sees them as eastern europe, 
  smart man, 
  it 's actually hard to look at all these photos , they are so depressing . 
  even in poorer countries , their houses may be shitter , but they are n't as dull and depressing . 
  i 'm depressed just by looking at that photo, 
  yep , you 're right actually . 
  our government has done this a lot , including banning a lot of people from entering the uk on offensive grounds like some rappers . 
  now that i think about it , you may be right . 
  but it definitely does n't feel like people are ` terrified of free speech ', 
  yup , play lol all the time . 
  it 's a shame though , because i do n't get offended by anything now , same with most people on lol , that i forget that other people still do . 
  completely different environment , the worst of insults on lol do n't even seem like insults anymore . 
  should be , but people are extremely sensitive . 
  on top of that , most people share the same views , so those who argue against it have a tough time . 
  also worth to note that normal people in universities are fine , it 's the people in student unions who tend to be the extreme ones , who decide on banning things, 
  online video games make me the opposite , there is no safe space there . 
  this is just universities , no one is terrified of free speech here , universities are just an exception . 
  let 's not blow this out of proportion . 
  fair enough , that 's true . 
  not for countries like estonia though , the refugee crisis definitely hurts some countries much more than others ( it does n't hurt the uk either ) . 
  the ageing populations , particularly in eastern europe because of their net migration rates . 
  there definitely needs to be solutions all around europe , it seems germany ( and others ) have gone for the strategy of immigration , but that does n't seem sustainable . 
  birth rates are extremely low right now . 
  pretty much , luckily we are safe here , as those type of people are n't even going to click on this thread because of the title . 
  because it 's only merkel who relies on russia , not like most of europe . 
  it should be , not sure if it is or not, 
  so denmark wins, 
  if it makes you feel better , i would gladly accept georgia as a european country and as a member of the eu, 
  latest polls show he is gaining support , whether they are accurate or not is another question .
