  indonesia to be honest is often separate because of it 's geographical area , they probably do n't care about israel and the middle east . 
  congrats buddy , 
  do boju polsko . 
  i think . 
  good luck italy  . 
  i have a question , is there a north-south divide for this vote ? 
  do the south generally support ` no ' more etc ? 
  or is there no divide ? 
  edit : answer is no it seems . 
  [ results ( predicted i guess ) by region ] ( http://www.repubblica.it/static/speciale/2016/referendum/costituzionale/mondo.html?refresh_cens ), 
  both genders vote largely on emotion , they are just attracted to different emotions . 
  i thought that title was just a joke , then i saw the top comment ... 
  this is n't an opinion from the telegraph though , this is the telegraph presenting the world values survey on a map . 
  but nothing has even happened here yet , other than the pound going down which everybody knew was going to happen . 
  as expected , it 's just the power of mass media . 
  why do you think many brits get annoyed when we hear all these statements saying that brits are racist and xenophobic ? 
  it 's bullshit . 
  france has been the least tolerant western european country for a while now , even when it comes to things like homosexuality . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/10065168/france-least-tolerant-country-in-western-europe-of-homosexuals.html people here are indeed worried about immigration levels ( as shown by chart on this thread ) , but that does n't mean we dislike immigrants or think immigration is a bad thing . 
  it was savage, 
  turns out i 'm wrong then, 
  i 'm 90 % sure it 's the same in america too, 
  syrians do n't cross the mediterranean to italy , people from the african coast do . 
  it used to be the same here in the uk , back when it was just the common market . 
  now it 's more about sovereignty and immigration , which is why the right-wing are more against it than the left . 
  mate , you 're dutch and you have the balls to say our food is shit . 
  ` omg just build a wall around europe whats the problem ? ', 
  so , what is the result that most people on this sub want ? 
  i 'm still not sure what this is about . 
  do n't worry , we still have plenty of nature . 
  people are not evenly distributed , over 90 % of the land is still green . 
  whenever i travel around england i am amazed at how green it is , it 's beautiful . 
  this sounds awfully familiar, 
  haha so true, 
  the chances of reform are even more unlikely now we 're leaving . 
  people give birth too , shocking i know . 
  indeed , which is what most people are concerned with . 
  also this ` specific group ' is n't small . 
  primarily educated ones , some middle-aged moving to australia and some retirees moving to spain and other places . 
  rarely working-class . 
  i 'm just making assumptions though based on what is normally the case . 
  all she does is call people stupid in every comment, 
  this is even more stupid , point out where i said any of the things you are suggesting . 
  the only point i 've made is that borders should exist , you just can not argue with people who think borders are racist . 
  both of your comments ooze stupidity . 
  we are fine with them coming here , but there has to be a limit . 
  you can only undergo so much social change before people want to slow it down . 
  we are fine with them continuing to come here , but let 's slow it down while we already have a housing crisis and strains on our infrastructure and services . 
  that 's fair enough , i hope to go on a road trip around central europe some time so i 'll keep that in mind  . 
  why is that ? 
   would not call a media that successfully manages to steer public opinion with clear lies trivial this is a false narrative . 
  fed up of people blaming the media for people have certain opinions , it 's just an excuse . 
  correct , czech republic is eastern europe in most of our eyes , mainly because we do n't use the term ` central europe ' because it is only a geographical term . 
  eastern europe has geographical , cultural , and economic meaning , it 's also easier to just split european into two . 
   maybe a little bit , just because brexit was largely driven by the dislike of ee migrants nope , it was n't driven by a dislike . 
  it 's upsetting to see so many people believe this is the case . 
  people have nothing against eastern europeans , they are primarily against the numbers coming into the country , and the fact that we can not decide who can or can not come in . 
  it makes little sense to brits that we have no choice but to accept every single person into our country just because they are an eu citizen . 
  i can assure you that the biggest reason why anybody here dislikes scotland is because you guys hate us ( generalising ) . 
  look at me , we are turkey now . 
  it 's settled then !, 
  also because people were looking at phone polls , and it 's a known fact that people are not honest on the phone . 
  online polls had leave up by +1 or even for most of the race . 
  as you would expect though , we 're fed up of europeans telling us that scotland and northern ireland are leaving . 
  the reason why there are n't many scots here is because it 's negative news for the scottish nationalists . 
  if it was a poll showing support is increasing , there would be more scots , irish , and other europeans . 
   maybe the welsh are servants though , nobody seems to value their opinion . 
  we let them get on with that they want to do though , i 'm sure they 're proud they 've restored their language . 
  we love wales really . 
  it is , and far more identify as british than irish . 
  i wish more scots had this mentality , we accomplished great things together . 
  it was n't england accomplishing things with scotland in chains , that is bullshit . 
  i voted brexit but i agree with that . 
  the main problem for the eu is what happens in the future ( italy , more eurozone problems ) . 
  all the politicians here want it , that 's the thing . 
  yes it would have , it has 0 opposition . 
  not even labour are willing to oppose it . 
  same here , and in the netherlands too . 
   not much to do with a ~ ~ specific race ~ ~ or cultural background . 
  this is n't true though is it ? 
  some cultures are better than others , we have learned that the hard way . 
  hindus and muslims migrated from india , bangladesh and pakistan at roughly the same time . 
  differences in crime rates are shocking . 
  muslims make up about 4 % of the british population ( over 15 years old ) , but about 15 % of the prison population . 
  hindus make up 1.5 % of the british population ( over 15 years old ) , but about 0.5 % of the prison population . 
  black people are over-represented in prison statistics too , experts say this is down to the fact that so many black people grow up without fathers ( same in the us ) . 
  also things like gang culture is common in black urban communities . 
   it 's about the lack of social integration and economic equality . 
  this is true , but culture comes in to this , like i explained . 
  there is n't much social integration sometimes due to cultural background . 
  culture is largely at fault too though . 
  we had indians , pakistanis and caribbeans in the 1950s . 
  all essentially had an even start , indians are doing 10x better than the other two . 
  they also had far lower crime rates than even the native population , all down to culture . 
  yeah ... if only greece had culture and tradition ... 
  it 's not about how good they are , it 's just about symbols , the hussar is an iconic symbol for poland i guess . 
  this is amazing, 
   and not to mention even jesus died . 
  source ? 
  let 's be honest , it 's not about morality , it 's about how popular it is .
