  also , in schools now , minorities make up such a massive percentage that background/race is the last thing people would bully you about . 
  even in my homogeneous area , about 20 % of the kids in school are from eastern europe and asia . 
  also there 's no need to downvote , you can just discuss . 
  wait , you actually think the uk is the same as what it was in the 1980s ? 
  that explains everything , is this view common in europe ? 
  interesting because in the last thread , everybody was saying how this is only an english thing , and everybody should move to scotland instead !, 
  why are you acting like i 'm the one who is attacking people ? 
  or that it is even a significant minority attacking people ? 
  and why are you insulting me for stating the obvious ? 
  they want to reduce all immigration , but the eu part was the only part up for choice at a referendum . 
  the only way to reduce non-eu immigration is voting for ukip , since our 2 mainstream parties will not reduce it . 
  nah , this same incident has reached the front page of / r/europe about 3/4 times . 
  we have 800,000 poles , 1 or 2 gets attacked and you think everyone is in danger . 
  yes there is a problem , but it 's still very improbable that an eastern european will be on the end of a hate crime in the uk . 
  half of them are the same posts , or posts related to the same incident . 
  the only people who care about the 'em pire ' are you guys , funnily enough . 
  nobody here cares about the empire . 
  it 's unsurprising that poorer kids are less likely to go to those schools because poorer parents do n't encourage education as much as middle-class parents , that 's just a fact . 
  so i would n't say they are inherently discriminative , but that 's just how it turns out . 
  also , with so few grammar schools , the competition is ridiculous so only the very best are going to go to grammar schools . 
  i think we need to ensure that grammar schools are distributed fairly across poorer areas too and apparently may has considered making a quota for poorer kids to ensure this does n't become some class divide . 
  we will see though . 
  grammar schools are the least discriminative when it comes to wealth , in the uk at least . 
  people of all backgrounds and classes can attend them , as opposed to private schools ( fee paying ) , and good comprehensive schools ( have to own a house in the catchment area ) . 
  yeah , those are actual refugees , and respect to those countries for holding them . 
  i think there is a big difference between most of the migrants in europe compared to ones at refugee camps in the middle east . 
  they would n't stay in hungary anyway , they would leave for germany or some other we country as soon as possible . 
  the only nationalistic movement on this sub is european nationalism . 
  it 's worse , on youtube you hear both sides because downvotes do nothing . 
  on this sub , everybody downvotes opinions they do n't agree with , more than any other sub i 've been on , so you do n't even get to see the comments from the other side . 
  this thread was a nice change though . 
  it wo n't happen , but it would be amazing if it did . 
  far-right people support and admire putin , it 's not because of any funding ( that 's only the case higher up ) , it 's because he has characteristics they like which includes being authoritarian . 
  lots of trump supporters admire putin because he is seen as someone who fights for his country and does n't take shit from anyone . 
  this guy replied to about 10 different comments i posted in different threads within the space of about 2 hours , all being passive-aggressive and rude , this is n't some random guy . 
  it would be rude to just ignore you would n't it ? 
  it 's pretty obvious why he would want to speak , to get his opinion across . 
  i do n't know the exact reason why , he probably wanted to get involved in the discussion , i do n't know . 
  this is a survey asking whether or not people believe in a god , not just recording what religion people are . 
  it fascinates me how much everyone on this sub just casually insults the uk , if i said this about any other european country i would be met with so much abuse . 
  apparently having millions of immigrants from all over the world in the uk is living in the past , also actually legalising things like gay marriage unlike germany is living in the past . 
  he gave a speech to the eu parliament a few days ago . 
  believe it or not opinions have changed in the past 100 years , only about 20 % of northern irish people want to rejoin ireland . 
  because the vast majority want to remain in the uk . 
  everything on this sub about ukip is unfair because people here assume they are far-right and the same as parties like the fn , they are not , ukip is far more moderate . 
  indeed , do you think this is because they assume that the immigrants are from places like ukraine , instead of places in asia or africa ? 
  or do you think they are just fine with immigrants regardless ? 
  big reason for us leaving was the fact that reform was never going to happen anyway . 
  england only had 2 cities for 50 million people , not even birmingham which is the 2nd largest in the uk . 
  it 's an ethnicity too, 
  very true, 
  really ? 
  that 's incredibly low , they must just spread it out rather well because almost every developing country seems to receive money from the usa . 
   `` they are there to assist with community relations for essex . 
  they will be helping to foster dialogue with the poles and to help them feel more safe and secure in the area , '' not a bad idea, 
  foreign aid is an extremely important tool in diplomacy , probably why the usa seems to give money to almost everyone . 
  well are n't you sensitive one . 
  by every measurement of ` power ' , we are ahead of france . 
  economic , military , oil , whatever . 
  now comes in soft power , the uk is said to have the most soft power in the world and has had for a long time . 
  recently though and unsurprisingly , the usa is always contesting the # 1 spot . 
  but sure , call me a nationalist and pretend this is some ` nationalist drivel ' . 
  i 'm not claiming that the uk is a better country , just pointing at that the uk and france are not equally powerful in the world . 
  edit : also thanks for downvoting all my comments immediately , really improves your argument and leads me to believe i should n't take you seriously . 
   with the uk and france clearly occupying the lowest tier . 
  i would n't say we are too far behind russia , bigger economy , and an incredible amount of soft power . 
  we are also significantly more powerful than france . 
  it 's hilarious , people here actually think we are not leaving , so delusional . 
  a majority of sikhs voted brexit , and ukip has always focused on the eu , not the commonwealth . 
   ukip is an anti-immigration party . 
  anti-eu , anti-freedom of movement . 
  they are not anti-immigration . 
  but i do n't expect / r/europe to know anything about british politics anyway . 
  because they are foreign , that is enough for some people . 
  `` it 's not * their * country '', 
  i 'm worried that the younger working-class poles in the uk will start forming gangs as a reaction , leading to some ethnic gang war . 
  okay , here 's my opinion . 
  it is n't as much the media , it is n't as much the politicians , it 's the people . 
  some people do n't like foreigners because they are foreign . 
  ` this is our country , not yours ' . 
  these do n't have to be told by others to hate foreigners , they do n't need convincing . 
  well all will interpret the question differently , ` other race ' in pakistan will mean what ? 
  indian ? 
  in austria it will probably mean turkish or something . 
  these chavs are n't attacking poles because of jobs , they are attacking them because they are foreign . 
  they are not british , and there a lot of them . 
  i do n't think it 's anything particular about polish people , it 's just that they are foreign , which is enough for some people . 
  the working-class left voted leave because they are socially right-wing . 
  just because they vote labour does n't mean they are n't socially right-wing , they wanted immigration to come down . 
   the offender also assaulted a 40 -- year-old man by hitting him over the head with a bag of ice and a bottle . 
  safe to say this is one special cunt, 
  a lot of skinhead bulky british guys look polish , but this guy genuinely looks polish , unfortunately we do n't have any details so we have no idea . 
   clisterfuck , people have been happy allowing `` partiots '' to march in the street because democracy . 
  they should be allowed to march in the street precisely because of democracy and rights . 
   and then we end up with a vote driven by right-wing media , the vast majority of the media supported remain , it was driven by right-wing opinion more than right-wing media . 
  so would many who voted remain , the majority of brits want our foreign aid decreased significantly . 
  same all over the world i would imagine , ` look after our own first ' is a very popular view . 
  plus he had great banter at pmqs, 
  although , teenage pregnancy in the uk is at it 's lowest level ever . 
  as always on reddit,
