  only a small minority of people actual google things to enhance their knowledge . 
  rap sounds so much cooler in slavic languages , i love serbian and polish rap . 
  [ stormzy - shut up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqqgujk7na4 ), 
  triggered . 
  relevant name, 
   since being a mushroom is not a real possibility . 
  a man can dream ca n't he ? 
  ignore him , you 're right , same with how the bengal famine was a genocide . 
  not sure what europe you are talking about , but it definitely is n't this europe . 
  neither is the uk, 
  ahh the balkan threads never fail to entertain me, 
  i would love it if we sang a song in french or italian or something , would be hilarious . 
  as a brit , it annoys me when everyone sings in english . 
  this is the best chance so show your unique music in your own language , something people wo n't normally listen to . 
  eurovision is often the only time most people would ever listen to a song in albanian or norwegian etc. 
  because we have graham norton, 
  this is everyone hates londoners , shittest banter ever . 
  that 's true if london was suddenly removed , but if it never existed we would be fine . 
  reddit is only ` left-wing ' towards white males , i am guilty of this myself . 
  so atheist ads are banned ? 
  nope , they are not . 
  it is weird , but what you said about atheist ads being banned is bullshit . 
  12 % of london is muslim , not like 50 % . 
  most of london are christian/atheist . 
  haha i was wondering if you just straight up rq xd, 
  for some reason i assumed spaniards were small , maybe because of their football team . 
  also , similar to other east asian countries , they learn english to past their exam , not to actually learn the language . 
  can i reserve mali please ? 
   there 's a difference between cultural preservation and hate for other cultures . 
  this sub definitely hates arab and muslim culture . 
   things said here are incredibly mild compared to what would be said on arab language forums if even 50,000 christian brits moved to medina , amman or even dhaka . 
  crazy comparison , are european values that bad that we now compare ourselves with arabs ? 
  thanks , you are far more knowledgeable than me . 
  so am i wrong ? 
  perhaps different types of headscarfs are used , but not necessary niqabs ? 
  afaik , it 's more cultural/traditional than religious , at least in the middle east and some other areas . 
  and yeah , headscarfs were indeed very common for most women a century ago . 
  also the niqab is n't exclusively muslim , christians in the middle east often wear it too . 
  or figure of speech apparently . 
  i do n't know whether they are purposely misunderstanding it to push their narrative , or whether they just ca n't fully grasp it . 
  i expected italy or spain . 
  who the fuck goes to germany because the weather is nice ? 
  haha , this is so true . 
  this sub supports a ban of all muslim immigration . 
  yet if you dare try and even reduce european immigration , you 're a racist . 
  you can argue about many things , but brexit was certainly against ` the system ' . 
  just because one billionaire supported it , against hundreds of other billionaires and organisations , does n't make it not against the system . 
  believe me , folks . 
  joking with his wife during football games ? 
  the horror !, 
   unsustainable migration '' was just one of the many carrots on that brexit stick . 
  you were all manipulated and lied too so let me get this straight , you think having a net migration of 500,000 ( since you think it should be even higher ) , is sustainable for a country of our size ? 
  we 'll be like bangladesh in no time , england already has the highest population density in europe ( excluding micro-nations ) and also has one of the highest population growth rates . 
  never mind the impact it will have on a social and cultural level , unbelievable . 
  sounds very sustainable , you think we should have a net migration of what , 500,000 ? 
  our population is rapidly growing as it is . 
  agreed , when most people hear ` media ' in this country though , they think of newspapers . 
  agreed , but it 's still a positive thing that consumer spending is still going strong . 
  well i guess that 's true , the celts had to have travelled from somewhere . 
  only a portion of our genetic makeup is from germanic people 's however . 
  amazing how people do n't see this . 
  most people on this sub hate nationalists , yet are literally european nationalists . 
  everybody on this sub just circlejerks about eastern european women , i 've never been a fan , always preferred southern european women . 
  that 's interesting because only a minority of people consider themselves british first , most consider themselves english first ( mainly older , white , and working-class ) . 
  most brexiters consider themselves english first . 
  the fact that the left-wing ca n't understand this is why far-right parties are gaining ground . 
  the only way to counter populism is with a bit of populism yourself . 
  they 've had 50 years to integrate , and they have in fact gone in the opposite direction . 
  the only people at fault is them themselves . 
  or doing anything at all about it . 
  you have also just ignored it , dismissing statistics taken straight from the official statistics as ` very shady ' . 
  when did i say it was ? 
  ignoring the problem however will not solve anything , and will only further increase the support for far-right parties . 
  i would like to reserve ternate , 
  indeed , the point is that there is still so much to do , that 's what the phrase means . 
  stopping further immigration is necessary and helpful , but the problem is the lack of integration amongst those that are actually born in the netherlands . 
  moroccan crime rates are through the roof , it 's a disgrace . 
  something does need to be done , but stopping further immigration only scratches the surface of it as 2nd generation moroccans are even worse than 1st generation ones . 
  sometimes you might be right , but more often than not it 's just because you are ignorant . 
  you call everybody stupid though , so it does n't mean much . 
  i think gay people who support islam and ` refugees welcome ' are stupid . 
  nope , at least in the short-term ( few years ) , most brexiters accepted that we would take a hit . 
  still the best option , unfortunately . 
  you seem to forget , there is n't even much opposition to this . 
  i did n't even interpret what he said as an insult . 
  ` plebs ' just means ` average people ' ( basically non-elites ) , he was n't insulting irish people in his comment . 
  that 's why he said ` us plebs ' . 
  i never said it was n't negative , just saying you 're no better . 
  i agree , which means we both agree that your previous comment was stupid and pointless . 
  i 'm guessing you 're the most intellectual person on this sub ? 
  a genius in reason , economics , history and science ? 
  ireland has a victim status , so you are never allowed to say anything negative about it/them . 
  clearly you do n't , otherwise you would have shut up and learned something in the past 7 months . 
  7 months of time to learn about brexit and brexit , and you are as ignorant as ever . 
  sorry to interrupt your circlejerk , but i smashed history , science and economics and voted to leave . 
  haha , the irony from you . 
  i love ireland personally , but the irish on this sub do n't half talk some shit . 
  congrats on the most overused joke/analogy of the last year . 
  if that 's the case , why did almost everyone , from governments to international organisations , tell us that the uk would 100 % fall into armageddon ? 
  people are only saying ` we do n't know ' now because they are wrong .
