is it even possible to cancel a asylum application , just like hope you cancel subscription to a magazine ? 
  is it just me , or are the northen lands named after words like `` bastard '' `` vandals '' `` scum '' and such ? 
  just to keep people away from exploring barbaric territory ? 
  this is the catalyst that will spark the rise of nationalists and extreme right and left wings across the union . 
  this will also be seen as a green light for other countries to send millions of people into a sort of exodus into welfare lands . 
  what ? 
  did anyone get hurt by people throwing hand granades at the swedish authority ? 
  the translation from swedish to english must have gone wrong ? 
  it ca n't be real that they want penthouse suite 's in the capitol , rather than living within walking distance from of it ? 
  if they can find shelter from the 4 months winter for what ? 
  400 000 people ? 
  yesterday there came pictures of adults using children as human shields to get what they want with no regards for the well being of others . 
  so are the migrants going to stay in sweden , or are they coming towards me next ? 
  less free money to be had, 
  romania or greece , norway is not that great they will be alot happier in ronni romania . 
  it 's like picking a vacation spot , but rather than choosing the country by the sights or sites or visiting local culture hotspots . 
  they go to `` that '' country because of the free `` merchandise '' if you know what i mean . 
  but where are they going if they have no intention of staying in germany ? 
  i think it 's wrong for some of the eu nations to tease people with `` free money '' and trick them to their deaths by coming here . 
  it will soon be winter and then we will see even more people who perish trying to get into the northern parts of the union . 
  my conclusion to , the cargo room in those trucks intended deliver groceries are basically isolated chambers , if you also add 50 people and each one needing about 6 liters of air every minute then its a disaster . 
  this could be a potential killing blow to countries like sweden who offers more free money than other countries in the region . 
  what ? 
  how could he do all that and still have his seat ? 
  he should have been kicked out the first moment he said anything anti-semitic, 
  not to mention , recruiters , and `` scholars '' openly tries to convert children and teens on after school activities , in caf\u00e9 's , or playgrounds . 
  back in 1913 , sure . 
  not in 2016 . 
  a living example how not to handle migration issues, 
  is it because he would end up unemployed if he resignes , as none would hire him because he is crooked , and he lacks the required `` experience '' to get a normal job ? 
  it will be a political nightmare in 20 years when swedish society is more segregated than rural japan in the 1600s . 
  unlike then there will be no jobs , and no housing , or free money for sitting on their behinds all day . 
  the blades really hurt , i accidentally had my finger next to the blade , when i managed to activate it . 
  just adopt the baby away after birth ? 
  if you ca n't take care of it , and your wife refuses an abortion , it 's the best way for all 3 , rather than all involved dies of starvation or such . 
  the needs of the few , outweighs the need of the many . 
  no one wants to take charge , and the implimentions comes either to late , or lacks any major effects . 
  is it the government who issues the nationwide censorship , or is it someone who works at a isp that went `` renegade '' ? 
  i hope one day that norway builds pirate shrines , and massive pots to boil tomatoes . 
  its not controversial , people have been doing this for a long time . 
  this is something sweden do n't want you to know . 
  it would shatter the disillusioned picture of having bearded men , claiming to be 15 of age , when they are in fact as old as 25-30 . 
  just to get free stuff , housing , and other social benefits . 
  in short , from what i can tell , the swedish politicians have become so narcissistic and blunt about society , that they think reforms and `` happy thoughts '' are the same thing . 
  they are willing to destroy a whole nation or at least shatter it like a smashed window , in order to have `` happy thoughts '' and ignoring all the bad stuff , because they do n't want sad emotions . 
  swedish media goes ... hush ... 
  streisand effect anyone ? 
  before only a handful of people would have read the posts , now , thousands and thousands of people will read the archived posts . 
  i would without hesitation do everything in my power for any of the nordic council if something major happened . 
  i love the nordic council with a passion , even if sweden can be a bit `` narcissistic '' from time to time , and denmark a bit more aggressive than needed be . 
  maybe state funded visit to the holocaust museum in berlin , for all migrants and refugees could solve any questions and cultural differences ? 
  i think they will understand once they see pictures and have a guide explain what happened . 
  wo n't it be somewhat unessesary with the x gb data caps ? 
  if it was a landline , sure . 
  but mobile ? 
  back in the days when there were a wide variety of voice actors doing dubs , it was good . 
  but now when there are sometimes 3-5 people doing the voices of 10-15 people in a episode of show x. 
  not to mention they all sound the same , its cringeworthely bad . 
  if i were blind it sounds like a generic female voice is talking to a generic male voice , and sometimes like they were talking to themselves . 
  it 's cheaper to scrap it and build a new one , than to repair and replace the structure that was submerged . 
  finland should be proud for having such a high rate , if i am not mistaken finnish is not even based in the same branch as english in the franca lingua . 
  sweden has a rich bathouse culture , and you can find large bathing / `` adventure baths '' in most major cities , a place where kids , teens , and adults gets to have fun , exercise , and be somewhat active . 
  the backside however , over the past 5 months there have been numerous reports of `` gangs '' or groups occupying these facilities , ruining the experience as a whole for other guests by , for example , fondling children sometimes as young as 11 using the waterslide , or walking into the ladies lockers/showers acting dumb to see nudity . 
  it has gone so far in some places that the facilities in infamous cities had to hire guards both in the locker room , and in the baths itself . 
  the worst case scenario , was a city that had to shut down , and separate people by gender to certain pools to stop the harassment . 
  and as usual swedish media is scared to the core to report this . 
  holy crap , for that kind of money i would migrate in a instant . 
  once people read it they will find that it 's a `` poor '' work of literature . 
  is it true isis veterans are greeted with open arms ? 
  i saw a well made swedish documentary about antisemitism in one of sweden 's most infamous segregated areas . 
  the reporter dressed up for the role , and was almost attacked by angry people for looking like a jew . 
  [ youtube link with english subtitles ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9cfymhqmks8 ) however the representatives of swedish authorities refuse to believe migrants are behind those attacks . 
  i speculate the same could be said for germany . 
  yeha i wrote about that for a essay in highschool . 
  it 's one of the darkest secrets the current swedish government is trying to make people forget . 
  they still have 26 legions coming before newyear that needs not only tent housing ( in some of the harshest climates in europe ) but food and supplies for 160 000 people every day , for months without end . 
  on the taxpayer 's expense . 
  if they ca n't feed 200 000 + migrants atleast 2 times every day , if their tent camps get burried under meters of snow , or condensation ruins their electroniccs , then they become desperate and aggregated , and then its civilians that may suffer the consequences . 
  how can it be growing when there are no empty apartments for a 2 mile radius ? 
  hardly any media source reported this . 
  i just to still my curiosity i found similar cases in places like sweden and denmark where they had to either shut down or add security to places like hospital 's , government buildings , train stations , schools , cinema 's and bathhouses/waterparks . 
  sweden is notorious for having a rich public bath history , but in the last 10 years the quality has hit rock bottom as gangs and syndicates have more or less taken control over the facilities . 
  this is not the first time we had to shut down a facility due to nearby violence . 
  my ex got fired for speaking ill of migrants . 
  that narcissistic woman at the end has a aura of dread and hate around her . 
  long story short , the grenades are relics from soviet era , migrants and smugglers brought them to sweden to sell them for alot of money . 
  every day people get shot in sweden , malmo has had like 100 cars burning this summer alone . 
  and cops and ambulance do n't dare even venture into the islamic segregated areas of the city because they would be torn to pieces . 
  ban baby mutilation , if you want to lob your junk off , do it when you are old enough to speak . 
  40 $ each ? 
  like in star wars battlefront ? 
  ca n't they reform it so the students can worship during recess and after school ? 
  rather than in the middle of a session or while having a test . 
  here we go again , and everyone is trying to swipe the event under the rug . 
  they came like 80 years to late , there are no jobs and no factories left in sweden for the low skill worker . 
  supposedly you can with the right connection get hold of soviet issued hand granadesin sweden , they used to throw them around like walnuts last year . 
  what could have caused the men to grow into giants in the north ? 
  i know who they are , but i never had any comics or books about them as a child , i think the first time i saw them for real was the actors motion picture about egypt or babylon or something . 
  tintin was the hype , i had tons of comics and audio tapes , movies , and even those infamous ones when he is in kongo . 
  they showed the swedish dubbed version on tv and it was well voiced,
