yes they can . 
  is n't it weird that basketball is popular only in very particular eupopean countries ? 
  i mean it 's mostly the southern-mediteranean ones and lithuania . 
  i was seriously shocked to find out in this eurobasket that netherlands has a basketball national team :d, 
  it never rains for 3 months straight ( june to august ) in greece anyway . 
  at least we 've got this going for us , which is nice . 
  buuuuurn . 
  when i see roasted lamb , i see people that know to eat properly . 
  as a greek currently boiling under the sun , i always wonder how you people manage to survive in such cold climates . 
  yeah , the same holds for british tourists in greece . 
  apology accepted , 
  yeah , it took the axis over 6 months to conquer greece , quite a lot for such a small country ( italian invasion in 28/10/1940 to occupation of crete in 1/6/1941 ) . 
  then compare this to what france did ... 
   a priest and his son broke into a village museum and took two rifles from the era of the balkan wars and sniped german paratroops at a landing zones . 
  the view of a greek orthodox priest and his son shooting germans would be priceless !, 
  no news , good news . 
  as a greek ( who does not hate anybody ! ), 
  i have to give a possible explanation of these scores : - england : you stole the elgin marbles , plus the drunk young british are by far the worst tourists in greece . 
  definitely not gaining any sympathies with the locals . 
  - germany : wwii nazi occupation , debt , bla bla bla - france : there is n't any particular opinion about them . 
  - russia : they are orthodox . 
  we think they care about us . 
  they do n't . 
  - us : well , they gifted us with a nice military junta in 1967 . 
  - italy : we like these bastards . 
  we say '' [ una faccia una razza ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greece%e2%80%93italy_relations#una_faccia_una_razza ) '' ( same face , same race ) to show our similarities , mainly in our bad traits :p - spain : as a mediterranean country , we like them too mainly for the same reasons . 
  or you could grill it like a not gross person ... 
  english has become a lingua franca after ww2 . 
  also , it is after ww2 that usa became a superpower and the uk is more or less irrelevant . 
  so i do n't think you have much to take credit for that . 
  and before you take offence for this , i know i am from a more irrelevant country than yours . 
  edit : it also helps a lot that english is a very easy language compared to others , especially in regards to grammar . 
  was it funny is some way ? 
  is this some sort of sarcasm ? 
  i can not believe one could be so smug about one 's country , while still ` not being proud ' . 
  edit : i did n't know i was in r/iamverysmart, 
   murder and rape is not unimportant you do n't say . 
  the article is also mentioning speeding , though . 
  why would it not be ? 
  i think that deporting people that committed crimes , even unimportant ones , is unheard of . 
  on that reasoning , why not deport swiss citizens too ? 
  that 's embarrassing . 
  well i suppose most of them are in the countryside in general , mostly hunting rifles . 
  but that 's a good attempt at humor , 
   1 ) they did that with albanian immigrants for years , i do n't really remember eu talking much about it . 
  early ' 90 , not the age of pc lol what ? 
  oh god i 'm not one to judge but indeed he has such a thick accent !, 
  i could tell he is greek right from the first word . 
  and lots more it seems . 
  true that :p, 
  not that fast though . 
  almost all people in greece under 35-40 can speak at least some bad english . 
  it is considered a fundamental skill in greece , maybe way more than other southern european countries , but that started only a few decades ago . 
  old people and people in remote rural areas ca n't speak a word , though . 
  in 30-40 years when the generations move on i 'm quite confident greece will have reached over 70 % . 
  about people not letting you practice : in contrast to other nations , we do not expect anybody to speak our language ( cough cough france ) because we realise it 's not useful for anyone outside greece . 
  maybe the people just wanted to help you since they felt they spoke better english than you are speaking greek . 
  you are 100 % right and i think the same of spanish . 
  i could n't believe it at first bearing in mind the spanish accent movies teach us ( * sigh * ) , but since then i have met quite a few spaniards and you guys sound like us , even if our languages have nothing in common , using clear pronunciation , lots of vowels and some common consonants like * th * and strong * r * 's which ca n't be found in other languages . 
  and when greeks teach spaniards the obligatory greek swear words , you guys sound totally convincing :d also , other people confuse us because of the similar sounding language and similar mediterranean appearance . 
  of course there is , * \u03b9\u03b4\u03b9\u03c9\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc\u03c4\u03b7\u03c4\u03b1 * , it 's the greek language after all !, 
  but then no one uses it , 
  recently , we had a finnish girl in a friday night out with 20-25 greeks . 
  you could see the cultural shock in her eyes with all that chatting , noise and laughter :d she was a nice person though and tried her best to fit in . 
  exactly . 
  greece fighted off the axis for about 6 to 7 months before being occupied . 
  i do n't know any other country that managed to stand so long ( expept for the uk and ussr of course ) . 
  and that was quite the achievement because greece was really poor back then ( way worse than today ) and badly equipped . 
  there is n't even any sentiment , and i know lots of cretans that have n't even considered it . 
  i have read about this `` cretan independence '' thing only in stupid sites and troll blogs , and i ca n't really understand where this whole story is coming from . 
  greece is united and there are n't any separatist movements . 
  so that the turks can have a nice field trip in the aegean ? 
  thanks for the laugh dude !, 
  turkey : nice people , asshole politicians and generals . 
  come on , that 's just a little bit of banter . 
  just the biggest ports of europe fighting each other , 
  we hate you both greetings from piraeus, 
  username checks out . 
  well what do we know about snow anyway . 
  vee must deel wit it . 
  we just cry in a sunny beach . 
  the greek dub of aladdin is incredible , too . 
  r/greece is going to have a field day with this !, 
  yes , it was the largest city that is * currently * greek . 
  in the middle ages , according to this [ source in greek ] ( http://www.mixanitouxronou.gr/i-athina-ipirxe-chorio-prin-gini-protevousa-ti-lene-ta-stichia-gia-ton-plithismo-ta-spitia-ke-tis-emporikes-epichirisis-ti-dichnoun-i-chartes-ke-i-martiries-ton-xenon-taxidioton-pies-polis-tin-an/ ) , the largest greek cities were constantinople , adrianople , thessaloniki , ioannina , serres , larisa , tripoli , patra and then athens . 
  with the exception of the first two cities , all these are currently greek cities way smaller than athens . 
  and this is no surprise . 
  if athens was the most significant greek city in antiquity , constantinople as the capital of the byzantine empire was the most significant greek city during the middle ages . 
  yep . 
  recently i even read some articles stating that right after the greek revolution ( ~ 1830 ) athens was just a 4000 people village , a shell of its former self , and now it is a 3.5 million people metropolis . 
  ... said the brit . 
  well , if being in a country where they are not in danger of being blown to pieces is not good enough for them , they can go back . 
  that 's extremely selfish of them to say , or they just were n't in such a need to migrate in the first place . 
  thanks for your kind words  yeap , that 's at least one thing to be proud of . 
  in the rest of europe the far right becomes stronger and stronger without problems like these that greece is facing . 
  yellow in the front , brown in the back , so that you know which way to wear it . 
  nice artwork !, 
  could we get athens too pleeeease ? 
  yay . 
  can confirm .
