i was really patient with my friends , and my father in law , and coworkers . 
  but you never really got anything of substance . 
  it 's all jingoism and smoke and mirrors . 
  it 's all frustrating . 
  exactly . 
  putin 's got his pet useful idiot for at least 4 years . 
  putin 's got the world 's greatest useful idiot as an ally . 
   this will ( terrifyingly ) end up being the mike pence regency , much like cheney , while the donald enjoys flying around on af1 and golfing with world leaders . 
  i think you 're right . 
  for dt this was more about winning than anything else . 
  he won . 
  it 's over . 
  he 's moving on . 
  i have to think dt 's personality flaws are much more scary than any pence ideological bends . 
  he seemed to show some semblance of psychological normalcy during the campaign . 
  that it 's more about simple marketing tactics than tangible policy plans ? 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm in that group you mentioned and i almost did n't vote yesterday . 
  a lot of my friends did n't vote . 
  they do n't see themselves represented . 
  if you want to read comment then comprehend it . 
  that 's not what i said at all buddy . 
  why is everyone so primed for being insulted . 
  who did racists vote for ? 
  who did xenophobics vote for ? 
  who did mysoginists vote for ? 
  who did the uneducated vote for ? 
  that 's a massive block of people but , of course , not all trump supporters all those things . 
  very deep , socially aware reasons for voting trump . 
  he had no policies , tangible political goals , or anything else really . 
  i 'm glad you found some reason . 
  no , if you go back and read my comment . 
  then comprehend it . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  this is hilarious it talks about the farmers who elect a billionaire who lives in an ivory tower . 
  the problem is simple-minded idiocy . 
  i do n't how the left addresses that . 
  it 's hard not to generalize and marginalize them . 
  they are fucking dumb . 
  there is no other way to put it . 
  those thinking trump is going to do anything for them ( those are the good kind ) . 
  and those who are racist , misogynist , war hawks , and revisionists . 
  i have no common ground with them . 
  i do n't know where to start . 
  it 's baffling to the point of being infuriating . 
  i knew a couple people who would n't tell anyone else they were voting for trump . 
  i guess there is a lot more of those people than we knew . 
  they keep talking about the uneducated voters too . 
  trump knew his demographic . 
  `` you 're either with us or against us . '', 
  awesome friends . 
  it 's so horrible . 
  i did n't know we had this many of `` those '' people in the country . 
  neither did any of the pollsters apparently either . 
  to think that that kind of system of thought goes back to the 700s and has n't evolved . 
  it 's mind-blowing . 
  ah , the romantic romanian way with words . 
   edit : do n't take this personally , i 'm speaking in general . 
  nah , man you 're bring up valid points . 
  this is one of the most complicated issues the world has had to deal with going back to sieges of constantinople . 
  how does the west and east co-exist ? 
  this has been a defining schism for millennium . 
  i think removing the proxy radicalization from front mosques and offering a future to these displaced is a start . 
  also , preventing these self-segregating enclaves is a must . 
  people view the idea of assimilation as a bad thing in liberal intellectual circles . 
  i do n't . 
  yeah dude , we 're talking about now . 
  as in what can we do right now . 
  what are the problems right now . 
   catholic/protestant terrorism in northern ireland , mystic-orthodoxy in the form of the iron guard in romania , and as of now ultra-orthodox jewish violence in israel . 
  the combined deaths of these very marginalized groups in last 10 years would n't add up to a small percentage of the deaths incurred in the name of radical islam in last 3 years . 
  it does n't matter how much you want to be true , it 's not . 
  it 's unfortunate , but not true . 
  it does n't matter the reasons , the fact is the west is very secular . 
  atheist compared to the muslim world . 
  i agree with your point about attaturk . 
  but erdogan is taking a total 180 from that position and appealing to fundamentalist islam . 
  i get the aversion to religion . 
  i 'm baffled that people are still acting like superstitious natives also . 
  but , again , if we 're being honest here ( and it is uncomfortable and not pc ) the violence of islam is a much bigger problem at the moment . 
  the number of euro deaths due to anti-abortion violence versus jihadi violence is n't comparable . 
  the number of people willing to commit violence in the name of anti-abortion versus islam is n't comparable . 
  there are n't entire regions of the world consumed by war and oppression due to catholic beliefs . 
  and if we 're separating religion from israel , judaism as well . 
   it can be damaging when you think vaccines are harmful slowly building up to an outbreak , it can be damaging when you 're telling a dieing woman you ca n't abort the baby to save her life , it can be harmful when you 're being told about the `` protocols of zion this is all shit the state should decide on . 
  the elected government decides these things . 
  and medical officials should not be allowed to follow religious protocol . 
  again , state regulation . 
  whereas there is an active violence associated associated with islam that law and regulation ca n't prevent . 
  there is funding coming through mosques with radicalized clerics who have n't grown out of 1,000 years of jihad . 
  if we 're being honest with ourselves they 're not comparable . 
  yeah , when i finally started traveling i realized everything i thought i knew about europe was basically false . 
  i 'm finding it was negativity from people who , funny enough , have never traveled . 
  that 's strange . 
  in paris , nice , and normandy i met nothing but very nice people . 
  i 'm an american and was a little worried that i would n't be received well . 
  i tried to lead with my terrible french and was always graciously met with english . 
  bad luck i guess ? 
  i hope someone gets him in prison . 
  ca n't think of anyone i 'd rather see killed .
