  i hate this mother fucker . 
  if you believe comments should wait until after the investigation then nothing should be said at all . 
  it 's the urgency to jump to the `` lone wolf '' or `` mentally ill '' narrative that pisses ppl off and discredits the impartiality of the media . 
  well , for me , one time is statistically valid enough to discredit other attack trends . 
  i believe everything is okay now folks . 
   quite large groups of people . 
  ... of certain common background . 
  good lord , whitewash much ? 
  it 's starting . 
  it 's so unbelievably complicated . 
  sadly , i 'm of the opinion that -- due to lack of education , exposure , or resources -- so many of ugly beliefs of islam are more mainstream than we want to believe . 
  that change from within seems hard to imagine now . 
  we still are n't seeing large-scale protests against extremism but you do see them when they protests cartoons of mohammed . 
  the wars in the me were calamities . 
  no other way to put it . 
  i agree with your points especially purging is . 
  even then i think , at the end , to fill the vacuum , there would be just some other incarnation of this violence . 
  if he 's iranian he 's most likely shia which would mean anti-isis by default . 
  people should mention that as well . 
  born catholic and raised catholic . 
  check out 60 minutes segment on father patrick desbois from france . 
  he went to see the aftermath of isis ' `` occupation '' of sinjar and other places . 
  after seeing the horror of their deeds his answer to `` how do we deal with them '' was , `` you must kill every last one of them . 
  every one . '', 
  it 's nice to sit over here and speculate but what 's happening in the me is an indication of what is possible everywhere . 
   irrelevant not sure you know what that word means . 
  what religious movement is he following and does it have 10-20 million devotees ? 
   there are similar reactionary ideologies in other cultures and ethnicities . 
  how many are murdering people on a daily basis ? 
   religious texts are not very relevant . 
  except that the religious texts these guys follow has a baseline intolerance and violence that seems to go perfectly with the outcomes they perpetuate . 
  they 're finding the justification for these acts in their religious texts and ceremonies . 
  that 's what all religions do -- look to their texts to inform their behaviors . 
  jihadi muslims happen to include violence . 
  there are no jihadis who are not muslim . 
  that undercuts your entire premise . 
  the apologists are going to use every scapegoat possible before they label it what it really is . 
  i 'm sure we can surmise a few certainties . 
   how retarded can someone be in order to burn the place they live in ? 
  when the syrian/iraqi/yemeni / libyan/egyptian refugees start showing up in my neighborhood this summer , i 'll be sure to ask . 
  they 'll probably sue for the not having proper housing . 
  i see this comment posted time to time and i think it 's perfect -- the muslims are not happy !, 
  they 're not happy in gaza . . they 're not happy in egypt . . they 're not happy in libya . . they 're not happy in morocco . . they 're not happy in iran . . they 're not happy in iraq . . they 're not happy in yemen . . they 're not happy in afghanistan . . they 're not happy in pakistan . . they 're not happy in syria . . they 're not happy in lebanon . . 
  so , where are they happy ? 
  they 're happy in australia . . they 're happy in canada . . they 're happy in england . . they 're happy in france . . they 're happy in italy . . they 're happy in germany . . they 're happy in sweden . . they 're happy in the usa . . they 're happy in norway . . they 're happy in holland . . they 're happy in denmark . . basically , they 're happy in every country that is not muslim and unhappy in every country that is !, 
  and who do they blame ? 
  not islam . 
  not their leadership . 
  not themselves . 
  they blame the countries they are happy in !, 
  and then : they want to change those countries to be like ... . 
  the country they came from where they were unhappy !, 
  gluten . 
  it 's gluten , is n't it ? 
  $ 15 for 750ml here in the us . 
  so sad . 
  who was bin laden in your world ? 
  in your scenario reality is a lie . 
  obl 's videos , taliban , karzai , pakistan intelligence , pakistan government , saudi government , aq themselves , john walker lindh ( who joined aq ) . 
  quite the spectacle . 
  lol !, 
  that 's awesome . 
  okey-dokey . 
  thanks for letting me know i 'll be wasting my time with anything related to reality . 
  it 's fucking hilarious that we live in an era of mass information and you willfully choose to be a shit-for-brains moron . 
  good luck with that . 
  how were obl and zawahiri in afghanistan and not aq ? 
  when john walker lindh `` joined '' aq and was captured in afghanistan what does that tell you ? 
  when karzai was infiltrated into afghanistan 15 years ago with a special forces oda he referred to al-qaida as the `` foreigners . '', 
  he changes his opinion now for politics . 
  it 's clear how he felt in eric blehm 's book , `` the only thing worth dying for '' where he was personally interviewed . 
  see , you do n't know anything . 
  you do n't have an informed opinion . 
  you believe in conspiracy . 
  you 're mostly a troll but i have personal experience and have researched this topic extensively . 
  please answer these questions or fuck off . 
  that 's interesting , considering obl and zawahiri were both in afghanistan and tasked with training afghan fighters . 
  what 's great about the world is you can tell yourself whatever the fuck you want to , including that you 're right about everything and reality is a conspiracy . 
  why do n't you just stick with that . 
   what 's the difference between terrorist training camps and military training camp ? 
  we can just call it an aq training camp if that makes you feel better . 
   because there was no evidence he 'd done anything and the taliban were very stubborn . 
  the taliban were n't interested in evidence . 
  the us had ascertained that obl was chief of aq and aq was responsible for 9/11 . 
   according to who ? 
  that 's just factual . 
  there 's a million sources . 
  i 'm not doing the leg work for you . 
  look into the battle of qala-i-jangi for one . 
  bush doctrine - `` the policy that the united states had the right to secure itself against countries that harbor or give aid to terrorist groups . '', 
  the taliban and aq were intertwined and synergistic . 
  aq was harbored in afghanistan and their terrorist training camps were held there . 
  obviously , the taliban refused to give up obl after 9/11 . 
  invasion ensues . 
  huh ? 
  it 's not an election . 
  it 's a business and the owner can say `` go fuck yourself '' and it 's the end of the story . 
  great analysis . 
  it 's pretty much that . 
  she was closer to a george w bush kind of political construct than obama .
