maybe , the site would benefit from traditional chat history shown under the input ... 
  interesting idea !, 
  confirmed by friends in sweden, 
  well , habsburgs were ruling over our kingdom , which happened to be teritorrialy merged with the archduchy of austria . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  it was n't occupation ... 
  well , it 's stated on the czech wikipedia and i was taught this in school hostory lessons ... english wikipedia does n't really have specific article about it , but this is what it has about `` german question '' : `` another complicating factor [ for gro\u00dfdeutsch idea ] was the austrian empire 's inclusion of a large number of non-germans , such as hungarians , romanians , croats , and czechs . 
  the austrians were reluctant to enter a unified germany if it meant giving up their non-german speaking territories . '', 
  at least linguistically , yes . 
  gro\u00dfdeutsch idea included the lands of the bohemian crown ( bohemia , moravia , silesia ) . 
  many of czech politicians of that time rejected it , as they feared that czechs would be ( forcefully ) assimilated into germans in such a state . 
  because the family name is usually passed from father to son , so since the father was from the house of lothringen , the children should be also from that house . 
  but because habsburgs were much more powerful , the houses were `` combined '' instead . 
  the public showed that it wants it . 
  we do n't have school uniforms and i 've never seen anyone bullying others because of their clothes ... 
  just one more thing : i agree with you that the history of a nation changes the way of thinking . 
  my , somewhat controversial , opinion is that czechs are generaly more protective of their liberties than `` western europeans '' . 
  while there are serious groups in `` west '' that would give up some of their civil liberties to gain security , you ca n't expect this from us . 
  this is also the reason why czechs are suspicious of every eu regulation :-) . 
  but this comes not ( only ) from the communist era , but also from the nazi occupation and the widespread ( and imho totally wrong ) view of habsburgs as foreign opressors . 
  i see your point . 
  but when people say that we are a part of the eastern europe , they often mean it in a different way , in a way that is diminishing our achievements in the last decades . 
  i disagree with the idea of eastern europe still existing , but let 's agree to disageee :-) . 
  but how can you say that without knowing the czech politics ? 
  the truth is that i was born after the velvet revolution and i do n't have personal experience of the communist era , but i do see how our country looks today . 
  the previous regime does not exist as a political issue . 
  however , it existed in the 90s and you can argue that many issues were not resolved back then , but in the end , they do n't matter anymore ( i mean things like arresting people who were responsible for the totality and similar things that should have happened ) . 
  i am not against political , cultural or geographical divisions . 
  culturaly , the communist era is irrelevant today ( if you think it is n't , please do prove that , as i ca n't imagine any such thing ) . 
  our culture is , in my humble opinion , closer to germanic culture rather than to , for example , polish or russian ( i would say that russian culture is really different from ours ) , due to the hundreds of years of living together . 
  geographically , we are in the centre of the europe . 
  and politicaly , well , we ca n't deny that we were part of the eastern bloc and in the soviet sphere of influence , just as we were part of nazi germany , austria-hungary and the hre before . 
  but this is completely irrelevant to 99 % of our daily life , the political scene and the political debate . 
  but the most important thing is that currently , we are a part of the eu and nato , and i personaly hope that we enter eurozone soon . 
  we are not against being labelled as post-communist or former eastern european country . 
  this is a reality of the past . 
  many people here , though , are offended by such generalising statements like `` the czech republic is in the eastern europe '' , as it 's not right in the geographic or cultural sense and it 's implying that we are politicaly close to russia , poor or still recovering from the previous regime etc. , and these things are simply not true . 
  i also view it as a sign of ignorance and unability to comprehend the current state of the world . 
  indeed , czechs have 1000 years of history shared with germans and austrians ( and many others , of course ) and 40 years of russian influence wo n't change that . 
  i , personally , view the widespread generalisation of modern europe into west and east as completely irrational , ignorant and a curse of us who want to forget the dark age of the communist regime . 
  saying that the czech republic is politicaly more similar to russia than , for example , to austria or france is simply not right . 
  there is indeed a group of people who miss their soviet overlords , but they do n't hold much influence in our society and they are not as numerous as they pretend to be . 
  that group is simply louder on the internet than the others . 
  this can be illustrated by the us army convoy that went through our country to a nato military training some time ago . 
  there were thousands of people waving nato and us flags by the road , while there were like 20 protesters . 
  oh , and our stupid populist president with no true power , who was elected by 2.5 million `` majority '' ( out of 10 million - result of low voter turnout ) , does not represent our official foreign policy . 
  the last thing i want to say is that i love europeans and i hope that our western european neighbours who view us as poor people from the east are not as widespread as they seem to be on the internet . 
  wow , this was much longer than i expected :-) . 
  that 's something different . 
  the eastern roman empire was legally and culturally the direct successor of the united roman empire ( so in fact , the roman empire did n't fell until 1453 ) . 
  also , the term `` roman '' had little to do with nationality . 
  being roman meant being the citizen of the empire . 
  in fact , the very concept of nationality was virtually nonexistent in the antiquity and early middle ages . 
  `` yes , commissioner '', 
  yeah , but if we had built it , we would be reliable partner in nato and on the top of that , those commies would get a heart attack . 
  another show . 
  it 's no secret that russians already have nuclear missiles aimed at the european cities . 
  i am ashamed of the czech government decision in 2008 to not allow usa to build a missile defence radar here ( russians , too , threatened with their missiles if we built it ) . 
  same here about ... russians, 
  indeed , we shall rise again . 
  but we have to decide whether to defend the flag near the void or the one between germany and france . 
  the void was attacked by purple pixels and lost momentum . 
  now it 's time to strike back !, 
  no , because it does n't want to . 
  these are not the principles the eu is built upon . 
  fortunately , the eu has no ambition to keep together using force and military actions . 
  we , for example , had a wave of neoliberalism in 90s . 
  and in more european and worldly scope , there were n't always countries with progressive taxation , deadly tax rates , overgrown welfare state etc. 
  since i am classical and conservative liberal , i view even the current economical policies in many european states as too left-wing . 
  ehm , politics shifted to the left ... 
  you mean the one that began when romemus killed his brother reeeeeeeemus ? 
  i already saw it but thanks . 
  it 's always better to have a confirmation than to let wild speculations run rampant . 
  i see . 
  the news were not right then , as they suggested that the police does n't plan to announce it in the future at all . 
  some czech news sites reported that the police wo n't disclose the attacker 's indentity . 
  is that true ? 
  we use `` that 's a spanish village to me '' . 
  not true . 
  do you believe in existence of other minds outside of your own ? 
  if so , then you have faith in something which can not be proven . 
  he is still democratically elected . 
  the election results might be slightly `` edited '' to look better but the fact is that he simply has public support . 
  make no mistake , he could be swapped for someone else if he lost support . 
  so the only way of changing the regime is through changing the opinions of russian people . 
  i agree and i support further eu integration and eventual federalisation , but i am , sadly , in the minority here . 
  in some areas , the v4 is more pro-federalisation than the others . 
  one such area is common european military , which is strongly supported by the v4 ( and mainly poland ) . 
  i do n't believe it 's possible to ever get so far in common foreign policy that we will have the same opinion on , for example , israel . 
  we should focus on things that are more urgent now , like russia . 
  every regulation is stupid . 
  i would say that it 's almost guaranteed that every person of italian descent is descendant of some roman patrician family ... 
  yes it is , and that 's where the problem lies . 
  i support the idea of electoral college , but i am strongly against the proposition that the parliament could only accept president 's proposals and not make it 's own laws . 
  unfortunately , the draft imho has major flaw in it 's power distribution . 
  it gives too much power to the executive and the legislative is too limited . 
  i do n't see any reason why the parliament should n't be able to propose laws . 
  trump should hire the pranksters to build the wall ( tm ) . 
  they are efficient and quiet . 
  mexico wo n't be able to protest if they do n't see it comming .
