  it 's a perfect plan !, 
  i wonder why we should be emos ... 
  it 's not that he had a chance in the first place . 
  as i already said somewhere in here , i do n't think that we , as a nation , hate anyone . 
  of course , there might be minorities who hate for example russians ( communism and invasion ) etc. , but these are just ( sometimes vocal ) minorities . 
  but it 's not like that when you speak with a czech , he immediately thinks `` ha !, 
  traitor ! '', 
  as i said , this is a non-issue when speaking about modern france . 
  i personally think that the diplomacy of our first republic was too oriented at france and perhaps neglecting our surroundings . 
  had we had correct relations with poland , for example ( instead of going to war with them ) , maybe we could have defended ourselves together ... 
  well neither i nor other czechs i know do that ... 
  it 's pure love from our side though < 3, 
  actually , i think that in modern times , munich is not that important anymore . 
  when talking about history and the first republic , france is clearly seen as a traitor , but nowadays , people do n't blame france as a nation , they blame the french political representation of 1938 . 
  of course , there are few , mainly communists , who cite this as an example of why western europe sees us as inferior nation and why should we embrace russia instead , but they are just a vocal minority and it 's a non-issue for most people in nearly every context . 
  we do n't hate you . 
  actually , i think that czechs do n't hate any nation . 
  well , maybe some hate russians because of that invasion ... 
  triggered !!, 
  to be honest , i 've never heard that czechs think that roma people come from romania ... 
  this , and the fact that the period of communism managed to get us from one of the strongest economies in the world to a country that is still , even after nearly 30 years , considered part of the `` poor eastern europe '' . 
  and we have the most succesfull post-communist economy , so the situation is even worse elsewhere . 
  in the city where i live , we also have roads to christmas markets blocked by police and firefighters trucks . 
  austria-hungary intensifies ... 
  yes . 
  we must lose our dependence on the oil , the sooner the better . 
   and after czech elections maybe three do you really believe that babi\u0161 would side with poland and hungary over germany ? 
  it 's not economically good for him . 
  he will instead publicly show some support for them to appease his electorate , then in the eu he will try to stay out of it ( and i think that even if he was forced to choose , he would pick germany ) . 
  yes . 
  we may currently have some problems with an oligarch , but we are definitely not authoritarian . 
  since the year 1989 , we have n't had any single party majority government , the elections are as free as they can get , freedom of the press is big and internet censorship and/or monitoring is almost nonexistent . 
  i would say that we are currently more liberal than countries like the uk or even germany , for we have no spying laws and no new anti-hate speech laws . 
  i just wonder whether that guy really thinks that we have an authoritarian regime , or whether he thinks that opposed to migrants = authoritarian . 
  well let 's keep just latin and greek then ... and make it purple and instead of `` european union '' , put `` imperium romanum '' and imperial eagle there . 
  problem solved . 
  in that case , latin , ancient greek and old germanic . 
  indeed , i would put there only english and latin ;-) . 
  i agree that this is just a symbolic help , but it shows the direction in which we want to help further - defending the external border . 
  what italy has to do is to make sure that the ngo boats are not ferrying migrants to it 's ports . 
  until that happens , i fear that we have no obligation ( ethical or legal ) to help any further than with helping on the borders . 
  shamefur dispray !, 
  the czech one is also czech/english/french . 
  actually the european commission has fortunately disabled de jure drift away from the eu . 
  was n't it changed after wwii ? 
  hello darkness my old friend ... 
  well you can elect some local person , that happened historically . 
  but i still support habsburgs , as i believe they were stripped of the throne illegaly and should therefore still have valid claim . 
  sadly , no . 
  the party is pretty unknown among the general public as of now : - / . 
  but with our current `` problems '' with the president , who knows what the future holds . 
  actually , as a monarchist , i do n't mind ;-) . 
   have you got a grudge against women , too ? 
  like the jihadis ? 
  ...  and correlation is not causation . 
  that is exactly what i meant by that . 
   of course , let 's find a correlation after we remove all the variables we do n't like . 
  these variables just do n't apply anymore . 
   it 's always good to listen to other people with different views . 
  i guarantee you that you would be surprised of how little difference there is , really . 
  as i said , i believe they , as humans , are same . 
  i only talk about communities , not individuals . 
  well , thanks for a few strawmans : - / this discussion is going nowhere , so i let 's agree to disagree and end this right here . 
   taking into account that in a warzone both christians and muslims are getting slaughtered , it 's not a good comparison . 
  that is true , but the state of christian and muslim community there is incomparable . 
  according to wikipedia : `` in iraq , christians numbered about 1,500,000 in 2003 , representing just over 6 % of the population . 
  since then , it has been estimated that the number of christians in iraq have dropped to as low as 450,000 by 2013 . 
  ... christians in iraq are not allowed to proselytise , especially to muslims . 
  muslims who change their faith to christianity , are subject to societal and official pressure , which may lead to the death penalty . '', 
   and answering the really not relevant question , it would be good , yet it would still be the definition of discrimination . 
  but i thought you said that discrimination by state can not be good : `` the fact that it is discrimination does n't mean it 's wrong in all cases . 
  it would be wrong if done by the state though . '', 
   why would muslims do worse or act differently in any way ? 
  think if your answer is based on prejudice or if you have really previously seen the sort of difference you expect , maybe among your muslim friends . 
  but i am definitely not saying that muslims are somehow worse people . 
  they can be great and , on the other hand , many christians/atheists/etc . 
  can be disgusting individuals . 
  this is not what i am talking about . 
  people here simply believe that there is a corellation between the size of muslim community in a country and the probability of a terrorist attack . 
  ( and i mean current wave of terrorist attacks , not irish/basque separatism . ), 
  it does n't matter to them where is the cause for such correlation , but the statistics simply supports this claim and if the only response to these fears is `` it 's xenophobia '' , then that 's definitely not enough to sway the opinion of the population of the v4 nations . 
  and to be honest , i would really like to experience a friendly talk with a muslim , about life , but also about religions etc. 
  i am defnitely not afraid of that and i am not the one to scream for deportation of those people . 
   oh , it 's the exact definition of discrimination . 
  i do n't think anyone would frown upon this case , because at the end of the day it 's a christian church ( private citizens ) helping christian people . 
  one is free to sponsor an asylum seeker of their choice . 
  the fact that it is discrimination does n't mean it 's wrong in all cases . 
  it would be wrong if done by the state though . 
  would it be bad then for a state to create asylum housing for example for female victims of domestic violence ? 
   yeah , as i said , that was an asshole move and i would feel somehow betrayed or at least lied to if i was the church . 
  on the other hand , that 's 25 out of 70-something , so 2/3rds of them are in czechia if i understood correctly ? 
  iirc , there were 2 groups that left , not sure about this though . 
  anyways , the people who stayed here should still be here , at least there were no news about them for about a year . 
  and now why am i telling all of this . 
  people here question that if this was done by iraqi christians that came here willingly , what will do muslim immigrants/refugees of questionable origin ( italy-confirmed syrian does n't need to really be syrian ) that will be forced to live here according to some quotas ? 
  also , if you want to continue this discussion , i propose pms , for this discussion thread is getting really long . 
  yes , it was paid by private individuals and organisations . 
  it was no discrimination , just a help specifically for iraqi christians , they were n't part of our quota number . 
  these things does n't make the fact that they expressed wish to live here , received housing , czech courses , security clearence , asylum , etc. 
  and then left for germany any better .
