  what ? 
  in what is it different ? 
  no , the flats to live were provided by that charitable foundation , in return , czechia granted asylum without problems . 
  these people repeatedly stated they wanted to live here , only to leave for germany as soon as possible . 
  how is this not black or white ? 
  edit : actually , the flats were provided by czech towns and cities . 
  in this case , it meant that the czech republic will provide security clearence and then grant asylum without problems . 
  the people were chosen by a charitable foundation with support from czech catholic church . 
  well the situation was like this : we ( christian charity with official state support in this case iirc ) offered them asylum and housing here . 
  they accepted and were transported here by planes . 
  then they left for germany , were returned and there was a case of tv interview when one family stated that the pretty standart flat they were offered was a `` white-painted cowshed '' and they were better off in iraq . 
  then they were deported , which they accepted willingly and without legal complaints , into safe part of iraq , because , as you correctly pointed out , kicking them to isis controlled area would be both legally and morally impossible . 
  there was one slight inaccuracy in the story about the iraqi christians . 
  first they were returned here from germany , then they were told by czech authorities to return and then they voluntarily took plane back to iraq . 
  here , have a source : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-migrants-czech-iraqis-iduskcn0x00hb, 
  well these people do n't even want to come here , so i do n't think this should bother me for now . 
  however , you mentioned religion . 
  actually , it was not muslims , but middle eastern christians , that came here ( czech republic offered asylum to them ) and then they left , first to germany , then , when germans returned them , back to iraq ( iirc ) , which also caused big outrage here , so i would n't say that religion is what connects these people . 
  good night . 
  look , it 's late and i wo n't argue anymore . 
  as you have probably already found out , i consider myself to be a conservative . 
  however , i do not believe that this makes me xenophobic , i do not fear other cultures , quite the contrary , i like getting to know them . 
  i just think that european cultures should stay as they are now . 
   because they are poor and desperate ? 
  because czechs believe that they or their children many years in the future pose security risk , look at uk and france . 
   you only have to be xenophobic with one group to become xenophobic . 
  if you hate everyone the same then it 's not xenophobia  we do n't hate anyone , not even mena migrants . 
  the society just fears that they are not integratable . 
   what changes are going on in the west exactly ? 
  well , the `` native '' population is slowly dying out in many european countries and the minorities are gaining more population . 
  i am not judging it , i am just saying that this is not something average czech wants . 
   we could go down a rabbit hole and ask about what integration means to you . 
  i can not speak for others here , but to me , it means speaking good czech , working here legally , respecting our traditions . 
  and by respecting i do n't necessarily mean following , just not trying to import foreign ( non european ) traditions or way of life to public . 
  in private , you can do whatever you want , as long as it is legal and parallel communities do n't come from it . 
  people here have serious problems with mena migrants . 
  no party supports quota system because we believe that it 's completely out of touch with reality , as no migrant wants to go here and people here do n't want them ( for security reasons ) . 
  however , we are not xenophobic in general . 
  we do n't have problems with ukrainians for example , but there is also serious vietnamese community in the czech republic and nobody has a problem with them . 
  and i definitely do n't think czechs are overly nationalistic . 
  we definitely do n't believe we are somehow `` better '' than germans , poles , hungarians etc. , however czechs do believe that the czech republic is a nation state and demographic changes , like these in the west , are undesirable . 
  generally speaking , i would say that czechs have no problem with foreigners , as long as they want to integrate , learn the language and work here . 
  i do n't believe that populations of the v4 countries have serious problems with each other or would like to battle against each other . 
  this is just something one politician said . 
  to be honest , i find it pretty unfair to say that czechs are more nationalistic or xenophobic than the west . 
  the only true nationalist party here has around 6 % in opinion polls . 
  compare that to austria with hofer , france with le pen , netherlands with wilders , uk with it 's whole government etc. 
  of course , because they are out of touch with reality . 
  they simply do n't understand that every eu nation is different and that for example we czechs have serious problems with any outside influence in our internal politics ( thanks to unfortunate historicla events such as munich agreement , nazi occupation , communism and soviet occupation etc. ) . 
  i am sure that if there was eu leaving referendum tomorrow here , the czech republic would leave . 
  thankfully , the situation is not that bad so far for the politicians to propose it . 
  these problems are of the past , they do n't apply anymore in this region . 
  you are portraying this as if the western states let us in thanks to their enormous generosity and compassion alone . 
  this is definitely not the case . 
  we compannies have profited greatly from the open market in the central and eastern europe . 
  the money we receive are not free , they are investments . 
  it 's not a bad thing at all , i understand that . 
  i really support the european integration , but if the choice was between staying in the eu and for example permanent quota mechanism ( with stricter gun regulations as a bonus ) , then i would n't have any choice but to support leaving this union and integrating instead central and eastern europe ( with poland as a lead , i would accept them over russia any time ) . 
  but denmark government did support the system in the european council , did n't it ? 
  anyways , it is the same here . 
  eu is already quite unpopular ( around 70 % of people have negative feeling towards it iirc ) and the quota system and the gun regulations caused serious outrage here . 
  that is true . 
  i just wanted to say that society in poland and for example france was very different at that time . 
  it 's not only 1000 years of separation . 
  right after bohemians and other slavic tribes arrived to present day bohemia and moravia , they assimilated the remaining population of celts and germans . 
  this was different for slavs who stayed in the east , where there was much less number of settled population and of course , for the southern slavs who came to areas inhabited by yet another tribes and populations . 
  because in the political system of the commonwealth , the realm was basically a democracy for nobles . 
  they controlled the whole kingdom and that was definitely not the case in other realms . 
  also , the percentage of nobles among the whole population was bigger that in other countries . 
  of course , this all happened after 1500 , so it was not exactly contemporary ... 
  indeed , but that was the case in the whole feudal western world back then , except for poland-lithuania . 
  definitely not at that time . 
  i doubt it would be enforced today . 
  the only state with objections would be russia and honestly , who cares . 
  in some of them , yes . 
  i only hope that other operators wo n't join vodafone . 
  czech vodafone announced that rather than free roaming , they will stop offering roaming completely . 
  well i 'm not arguing about that . 
  but criticising polish government and then voting here for people like zeman or babi\u0161 would be pretty hypocritical . 
  edit : and they both have big public support , unfortunately . 
  do n't worry , most czechs are not that critical of polish politicians . 
  we have enough of our own problems ... :-), 
  yeah , the owner of that farm said he will sell it without problems if he 's paid standard market price for it . 
  however , the government has not decided about it yet . 
  wait , you would like to prohibit religious people from staying in the country ? 
  is n't that a bit - i do n't know - discriminatory ? 
  `` you believe in god ? 
  no visa for you then ! '', 
  same here . 
  emperor of rome, 
  accidental suicide ( tm ) . 
  it 's great that you want to help us . 
  however , while our economical situation has improved since 1990s , it 's not that germany economy has stopped so it can be easily `` caught '' . 
  maybe , there are policies , that could make us `` go faster '' , but do you think our people care for such complicated economical things ? 
  the most popular party and projected winner of the next election is a party of a oligarch comparable to berlusconi and the current ruling socialists want to catch them by promising progressive tax system with `` taxing the rich '' ( in their terms , the rich are those who have salaries slightly lower that german minimal salary ) . 
  and with v4 's reputation in the eu , how much time remains until the western europe tell us to get out ? 
  the current state saddens me . 
  also , i lost all hope that the economical differences will disappear ( or will be at least greatly reduced ) in my lifetime . 
  username checks out . 
  [ removed ],
