i do n't know . 
  why is this news ? 
  we 're going to panic over something thats happening 400km away ? 
  why ? 
  in other news : the moon looked at achmed a little funny , and isis is now on their way to build a rocket to blow it up, 
  who cares . 
  it 's still property damage, 
  no it could n't . 
  parents doing large hole in babies ears are stupid , but there is no issue with a small one . 
  if you had never heard of circumsition before , and someone asked if you wanted to cut of your baby boys foreskin , would you ever say yes ? 
  only that removing the foreskin is a lot worse than pokin a tiny hole in your ear, 
  lol, 
  sweden here . 
  we pronounce it `` evro '' and cent just like it sounds . 
  everytime i see one of these all i can think is `` oh great , another image the finns can use to call us swedes gay '', 
  when i read the title , i imagined just a huge pile of arabs with fists flying everywhere . 
  this was less than i had hoped for, 
  well of course norway has low youth unemployment , all the swedish 20-year olds go there to work in caf\u00e9s, 
  the norweigans go to sweden for beer , the swedes go to denmark ( for weed too ) , the danes go to germany and the finns go to estonia . 
  the grass is always greener somewhere else ... 
  cheers for glorious socialist scandinavia !, 
  it 's danish . 
  you sort of have to use them . 
  as a swede , reading danish is fine , but i ca n't understand a word when they 're speaking, 
  i like how england has had this sprawling empire spanning more than half the planet , but europe is so fucked up , it never even tried colonizing it, 
  really , the only thing that matters here is that they at least know where europe is, 
  come to sweden and see for yourself, 
  this is what i hate about politics . 
  they can say `` no more stealth inasions '' which means they basically know for a fact that that 's what russia has been doing , but they still ca n't do a thing, 
  do they only have 1 picture to use of your queen ? 
  fuck them for calling finns racist . 
  this was never a race issue , but because they 're brown , you 're not allowed to fart near them without liberals shitting themselves with rage . 
  however this ends , it 's not going to be good . 
  what the hell ? 
  there are paralyzed kids with stronger backbones than these guys . 
  `` show us your passports '' `` no . '', 
  its got plenty of power . 
  its why this situation is as bad as it is . 
  the left just has to say `` you dont want to save kids ? 
  racist '' and then you get thousands more refugees, 
  i 'm honestly more sad for hungary than the refugees . 
  they get shit on by everyone, 
  while more and more swedes are becoming weary about immigration , there 's still a majority that 's for it . 
  we 're a very socialist nation , and any suggestions against immigration is seen as far-right and fascist, 
  as a swede , it 's scary to think they all want to come here . 
  even more scary to think our politicians want the same, 
  so does germany , and denmark , and basically any european country, 
  `` were '' is the key word . 
  if they were the same as in the 90s they wouldnt get the support they have now, 
  most immigrants do n't integrate . 
  most do n't do much and just stay while they wait for the war to end . 
  once the war is over , a lot of syrians all over europe will go back to rebuild their country, 
  why would they want to stay in sweden forever ? 
  they left syria because of the war , but the war wo n't last forever . 
  they 're still just looking for the greener grass . 
  they did n't leave germany because they were n't welcome , they left because they can make more money in sweden, 
  hopefully by then we 're smart enough to tell them to fuck off, 
  no , most are still for it , but the one party that 's opposing our current immigration politics are actually gaining some real ground , to the point where in the latest polling , they were actually the biggest party around . 
  the problem with them is that since they 're not for increased immigration , the other parties have labeled them racists , and refuse to discuss it with them, 
  yup , it 's why the `` racist '' party is getting huge here now . 
  it 's called racist , because it 's the only opposition party to our current immigration politics . 
  the other parties reaction to it has not been to question their own politics , but to close their eyes , shove their fingers in the ears and say `` lalala , you 're racists , we ca n't hear you lalalalala '', 
  scared as in we dare not do anything about them aside from just blindly take them in . 
  as soon as we do something negative towards them , racism will be shouted from the rooftops, 
  i ca n't believe us swedes actually have to thank you nasty danes , but we really do . 
  you are not as scared as we are of immigrants , and actually try and act logical . 
  yeah , but they 're also insane, 
  welp, 
  you 're not very good at convincing others , are you ? 
   well you might wan na do your homework research then i assumed you implied that you had already done the research . 
  ca n't you just tell me your sources so i may verify them ? 
  how many is `` plenty '' ? 
  i somehow have doubts of seeing many white germans in isis, 
  arab-germans * i doubt that people that have lived in germany for generations would suddenly join isis, 
  not for the germans, 
  as a swede , it 's scary how high our numbers are, 
  really it 's just the right . 
  the sweden democrats are hardly far-right, 
  - far . 
  bira or b\u00e4rs also works in sweden, 
  basically , the left is in a majority , and lacking a real foe , they have decided that shooting themselves in the foot will at least start some sort of conflict, 
  you can always buy 500 + beers in germany . 
  you do n't actually need money either . 
  just tell the clerk you 've got no beer or money and they 'll give you 10 out of sympathy, 
  ah , the balkans . 
  the cousin western europe would prefer the rest of the world not know of, 
  why is there a watch that costs more than a house ? 
  it 's not really . 
  this is only a big thing because of the political party organizing it . 
  sverigedemokraterna is known as the racist party , sometimes with good reason and sometimes without . 
  the problem is it 's gone so far that they can basically do or say anything now , and people will still shout racism, 
  yes ? 
  we 're the biggest of the nordics and have fought/owned most of the north, 
  had no idea this was a big hit here, 
  yay !, 
  sweden 's mentioned and it 's * not * about immigrants !, 
  well they can fuck off, 
  plus , if it ever gets legal , teens wo n't even be able to buy them ( wo n't stop them from smoking , but still ), 
  welp , hope i never get to hear that ever again, 
  as a swede , even i could understand them ( although only partially ),
