i 'm curious , what would you say are the main similarities and differences between germany and austria/austrians and germans ? 
  you 've got the stereotype about germans being efficient work-horses without any sense of humor , are there any similar stereotypes about the austrians ? 
   i wonder how we 're not a single country ... because war , war never changes :(, 
  ... and this is why you can not into nordic, 
  i sometimes forget how fun having a real , thought-provoking discussion can be . 
  thanks for the reminder !, 
   in what country exactly ? 
  i know that you probably meant whenever it came into existence , but nation states that managed to last for longer than 100 years by virtue of democracy are of a more recent nature . 
   question is whether modern western nations , that have only relatively recently introduced universal suffrage ( do n't forget that ` our ' democracies were far from the same systems as see nowadays ) have maintained to remain stable because of it . 
  this is always taken for granted , but i consider that it should be seen in the light of economic revival and relatively continuous growth throughout the 19th and 20th century . 
  iceland is a pretty good example of a surviving old proto-democracy ( i know democracy a thousand years ago was n't the same thing as it is today , seeing as today there 's no slavery and there * is * universal suffrage , but it still was n't meritocratic , in that the title of being '' a free man '' was inheritable ) . 
   i am not asking for a totalitarian system . 
  i am asking for a more efficient system , with the right people in the right place i 'm all for cutting bureaucracy and improving efficiency as much as possible , but not at the cost of ( my version of ) democracy . 
  who '' the right '' people are is a matter of opinion . 
   but i do n't consider democracy to be the final form of goverment as has been predicted by some other people . 
  systems of governance are ever evolving , and the same goes for ours . 
  perhaps in the far future there 'll be a benevolent , \u00fcber-efficient and omniscient ai that had a completely calculated , rational solution for everything , and perhaps we could grant it legislative , executive and judicial power . 
  and then it suddenly finds out that the best thing for humanity would be painless extinction . 
  welp . 
   democratic legitimacy , that has indeed been the leading school of thought when it comes down to how the state can be allowed to exist . 
  you 're talking semantics however , when it comes down to ` the people ' . 
  the same people you talk about do n't all vote for the same parties , and moreover : quite a few of them do n't even vote because they are demoralized about the current system . 
  while not all people vote for the same parties ( except in glorious nation of best korea , of course ) , the parties that rule are the ones that received the most votes ( that can cooperate ) . 
  the ones who are demoralized about the current system are free to start a new political party advocating radical change , and if that movement gains wind , we just might get a new form of government . 
   what the average voters want - and i am just completely fair here - is not relevant when they do n't know what is good for them . 
  wait !, 
  i can already hear you thinking about how you are going to counter this , but reach out deep into your mind and tell me if that is not true . 
  do you really believe that the average person , the average voter that is , understands politics ? 
  do you really want to believe that the average guy should be able to have a say in everything ? 
  i know a lot of average guys , and yes , i * do * believe they should be able to have a say in who does the voting in parliament . 
  maybe that 's naivety on my part , but i genuinely believe in the old-school-cool thought of popular sovereignty . 
   however , that is just my observation about democracy in general . 
  when it comes down to a meritocracy - or more precisely a democracy with meritocratic charecteristics - i do not want to limit universal suffrage . 
  i know that something like that is probably impossible , nor completely desirable , and therefore the list of people being fit to run for office should simply be limited . 
  everyone should basically still be able to become an mp or a member of government , if and only if you have proven yourself . 
  it 's definitely an interesting thought , i 'm not denying that . 
   democracy is failing seriously ? 
  it 's still here , after what ... 2000 years ? 
  democracy has lasted much longer than any totalitarist state has . 
  it 's concerning that you look at systems of government like '' weak '' and '' strong '' . 
  you and me may not like the people in government , but they were elected for the people , by the people . 
  the whole legitimacy of the state rests in popular sovereignty . 
   when we 're talking about ukraine , serbia and even russia , then those people are generally pretty alright . 
  so are the vietnamese , eritreans and afghanis i know . 
  does the fact that i 've met eastern european douchebags mean that i should want to stop immigration from eastern europe ? 
   crime going up is a pretty serious matter crime has been steadily declining , while immigration has continued . 
  that 's the trend here in norway . 
  expel criminal asylum seekers , sure . 
  that 's not even a controversial statement . 
  reject all people who do n't look like us because they * might * commit a crime ? 
  what the fuck ? 
   this is a pretty big issue with immigrants , although not with those you mentioned per se . 
  organized eastern european crime is a big problem . 
  they 're undeniably one of the contemporary major parties , though , and they do n't wheel out anti-immigration rhetoric , do they ? 
  i hear the lib dems get huge amounts of flak , but i do n't really understand why . 
  they 're in a minority position , so what they can do is pretty limited , unfortunately . 
  is there any more to it that i 'm missing ? 
  dagbladet 's comment section sometimes makes me wonder whether democracy really is such a good idea, 
   remind me again how much norwegians pay in taxes depends on how much you earn . 
  under a certain threshold , not at all . 
  the maximum income tax rate is 46.8 % , * a lot * lower than other countries like the netherlands , israel , finland , france , denmark , and many others . 
   how much a beer costs in oslo ? 
  it costs more because we earn more , 
  informative reply , thanks !, 
  i think the british nhs is completely free of charge . 
  here in norway , you pay a small sum for every doctor 's visit ( for one consultation , you have to cover from 20 - 30 usd depending on the type of doctor ) , but only up to about 300 usd a year . 
  everything after that is covered . 
  if you suffer from a chronic disease , for example diabetes , like me , your medicine is covered ( after the 300 usd limit ) . 
  from what i 've experienced , norwegian ( well , they 've been german and danish , mostly ) doctors are awesome . 
  i went to a doctor , said i was feeling like shit , took a blood test , and found out i had several extensive vitamin deficiencies . 
  pretty neato !, 
  i 'll hop on a whaling boat fast as i can and set sail northwestwards , then !, 
  yep . 
  the problem with american healthcare ( my perspective , obviously ) is n't about the quality ; quality-wise , american healthcare is fantastic , and pretty innovative when it comes to new medical technology . 
  the problem is the fact that it 's more expensive for the individual citizen than it is in a place where tax-funded universal healthcare is in place , and requires relatively expensive private solutions . 
  i think i read somewhere that medical expenses are the biggest reason for personal bankruptcy in the us . 
  right on !, 
  does that mean i can become an icelandic citizen ? 
  have n't got a clue , really . 
  '' nafn '' and '' felagi '' i 'm pretty sure are purely icelandic words , along with '' thu '' ( i do n't have that weird th-sound on my keyboard ), 
  god damn it iceland , you 're grounded for four weeks straight , son, 
  yes . 
  yes we do . 
  this proto-danespeak is ripe for replacement , i say !, 
  the troops got ... uh ... lost . 
  really though , we need to protect the norwegian-speaking icelandic minority !, 
  is for good of iceland , ja ? 
  now now iceland , calm down . 
  you just left us !, 
  holy shit , a real luxembourgian ? 
  are you rich ( duh ) ? 
  care to share ? 
  in all seriousness , i know far to little about luxembourg , how 's life down there ? 
  i 'm with you . 
  czech-norwegian martian settlement by 2015 !, 
  fucking idiots , holland is the king of france, 
  europe is a big place , and not all of us are uptight parisians or urbanite belgians . 
  as a norwegian , i do n't feel you guys are particularly casual . 
  other people here have mentioned yawning , farting at rubbing eyes being casual stuff , and in that case , we 're definitely casual . 
  when it comes to farts , the loud ones are n't nearly as foul-smelling as the silent , seeping , half-shitting ones .
