  in this case , there was n't any doubt in my mind that the caption was sarcastic to begin with , but / u/elite _ lucifer does n't exactly come across as the type who would glorify fascism in earnest . 
  nice photographs with sarcastic captions do get upvoted , yes . 
  and downvoted , by people whose sarcasm processors are a bit rusty . 
   lincoln was conservative abraham lincoln , the man who was radical enough to use federal power in order to abolish the well-established institution of slavery overnight , who introduced national banks , instituted a federal income tax , and heavily subsidized railroads . 
  that he has become an icon of american conservatives says much more about the hypocrisy and/or stupidity of american conservatives than it does about abraham lincoln . 
  i understand why the shove is there , i just do n't understand how the rest of his life is insignificant enough to not be there . 
  i have acquaintances with thicker wikipedia articles , none of whom are prime minister . 
  '' lib\u00e9ralisme '' would be less government intervention in the economic sphere , lower taxation , and so on . 
  '' progressisme '' has to do with politicised cultural values , and could be said to represent the views that are outside of the economic sphere - one 's view on lgbt rights , immigration , drug policies , and so on . 
  i 'd say the amount of people who want '' unrestricted '' immigration is exceedingly small . 
  that 's a ridiculously short wikipedia article for a sovereign state 's pm . 
  i 'm saying you 're on the wrong side of the border . 
  abe 's post-shaked face hilariously summed up how just about everyone views trump 's handshaking, 
  i would say '' well-adjusted '' , but then i saw your flair . 
   sweden  not utter garbage, 
   danish :(, 
   danish put a trigger warning on that shit, 
  no , that excuse does n't work , like others have pointed out . 
   in the modern age , westerners were the ones doing the empire thing we were ? 
  shithole can not into nordic : /, 
   every claim made by media was checked and the whole story is a hoax and provocation . 
  * phew * !, 
  i 've been trying to learn dutch with the help of duolingo for a while , and the one thing that i never seem able to wrap my head around is the pronunciation . 
  * groot in de hemel * , the pronunciation . 
  with french , spanish , german , and other very widely spoken languages , there are stereotypes that go a long way in helping you get the pronunciation right - le frenchman that goes honhonhon , ze german zat zchpeaks like zis , and so on . 
  with the dutch language , i find it that much harder to '' get into '' the correct pronunciation . 
  it 's a shame , because the language is - and i 'm not being sarcastic here - beautiful . 
  not that it excuses the discrepancy between the number of people who are offended by gay men kissing and the number of people who are offended by straight couples kissing , but i found it interesting that the latter group actually exists . 
  so basically , bavarian germany is best germany ? 
   and we 've legalised same-sex marriage here . 
  took your sweet time , though !, 
  do you know more muslim girls who wear hijabs , or more girls who do n't ? 
  i think ones without are in a slight majority among the ones i know , with some of the ones who do doing so on and off . 
  it 's a thread about the crime of being european and choosing to wear a hijab . 
  this kills the proto-nazi . 
  but how is bread and milk kept affordable today ? 
  were you referring to the subsidization of agriculture ? 
  that almost sounds like a compliment . 
  `` dude , this bicycle is a racket ! '', 
  very true . 
  the free market does what it 's supposed to do , and it does so well , but it 's not supposed to do everything . 
  incentivising a sicker populace is not a good idea . 
  you say `` basic food '' doe n't follow the usual supply/demand curve , though , what do you mean by that ? 
  this , but unironically, 
   you all hate the 1 % no  want a rothschild banker as a leader ? 
  yes  anyone right of centre hitler reincarnate ayy, 
  was n't it the guy you elected who said that nato was obsolete anyways ? 
  or is that quote obsolete too , now ? 
   they do n't just send an army of factory-made drones to burn your village while they take their morning shit and post tweets about it . 
  give it time . 
   he 's transferring power to global corporations . 
  i feel a lot better about corporations being powerful than cheeto mussolini being powerful . 
   like breivik 's one . 
  yeah , no , you 're backwards . 
  something something they gave up their right to life when they took a life something something something how would you feel if your two year old daughter was raped killed and murdered ?!?!?!? 
  englishmen , apparently . 
  * sola fide * is a lutheran concept , is n't it ? 
  the catholics have those sin boxes , so they sure must be trying to be pure . 
   why would anyone downvote me ? 
  must be your flair . 
  ~ ~ but what about her e-mails ~ ~ uhh ... bangazi, 
  what do you think we are , russians ? 
  thanks !, 
  the last two in sketches 9-16 from 1814 look really nice . 
  would n't mind raising one of those . 
  i mean ... we 're talking about `` rough resemblance '' and not `` photocopy '' here , are n't we ? 
  a circle and two stickman dudes with a shield between them . 
  also , those guys look tough as nails . 
  and those white pants ? 
  fabulous !, 
  bornholm looks like a nauseous norwegian flag . 
  five minutes is a bit generous for anyone not suffering from severe arthritis , do n't you think ? 
  i 'd make that one minute . 
  a great deal of norway 's leading figures initially favored republicanism , but were dissuaded out of pragmatism : a constitutional kingdom was a thoroughly less risky option when it came to establishing ties with other states , and by extension being seen as a legitimate state . 
  had norway opted for the more radical course , fridtjof nansen might very well have been our first president . 
  can you imagine how cool that would be ? 
  scientist , adventurer , humanist , explorer , philantropist , ideologue , * president * , and all-around badass . 
  the guy would have given theodore roosevelt a run for his money . 
  where 'd you find the proposed flag designs , by the way ? 
  ah , the banner of leech lord roosur bol\u0111onsson . 
  truly a fearsome sight to behold !, 
  sure thing !, 
   the monarchy is popular among norwegians in general , and draws support that transcends barriers of age , ideology , and political party . 
  i would n't say that social democrats stand out as particularly outspoken supporters of the royal institution , but the same thing could be said about pretty much all the established norwegian parties - one 's view on the market hardly makes a difference in one 's view on the monarchy . 
  that being said , there are also opponents of the monarchy , and we are also found among all the parties . 
  in general , though , the concentration is highest in the liberal party - which is my own party , and not by any means leftist - and the socialist party , which is undoubtedly leftist . 
  my comment was a more general observation regarding the labor party . 
  being the biggest party , they suffer from big tent syndrome : afraid of scaring away their electorate , and therefore also more afraid of experimenting with the unknown than they are eager to embrace the future . 
  additionally , their glory days being behind them - the immediate post-war era through the seventies - means that they also tend to long for the good old days , when the labor party ensured that everything was just swell . 
  so being a norwegian liberal , i find myself in the position of agreeing more often with the * conservative * party than with their main opponent . 
  '' how ironic '' , an american might say , and it really is understandable . 
  but whether it 's abolishing the monarchy , securing the right to privacy , bringing about a more humane drug policy , legalizing segways , or letting business owners open their shop on sundays , you can be sure as hell that the social democrats will never be the radicals at the forefront of anything . 
  they 'll always come around , like clockwork , when they consider a stance popular enough to adopt . 
  social democrats are some of the most profoundly conservative people there is . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not necessarily a republican , either , i just object to the lack of democratic legitimacy that monarchic traditions by definition suffer from . 
  we could change the constitution so that a new regent was * elected * upon the reigning one 's death , and more clearly enshrine the legislature 's prerogative to dismiss a regent - a power that already exists * de facto * . 
  i 'd gladly vote for king harald , and - given the omnipresent monarchist argument that the king is such a unifying and loveable figure - i have little doubt he 'd be elected . 
  everyone wins . 
  she specialises in apprehending migrants and knocking out muslims .
