  when it comes to yawning , how the hell would that be a big deal at all ? 
  and rubbing eyes ? 
  seriously ? 
  pretty sure it 's dunmer, 
  germany definitely needs a strong leader , one who can rally the people against the true enemy . 
  wait ... 
  sure , the one 's who are n't starving and working themselves to death are pamperered and given power . 
  the resemblance to 1984 is thorougly 2spooky, 
  north korean civilians are not stupid , they 're utterly terrified ( understandably ) of kim & the gang 's military , `` secret '' police and concentration camps , so they play along whenever a camera is nearby . 
  it 's depressing as hell to think about . 
   either they are insane , or very , very cocky . 
  russian , in other words, 
  thinking britain = ukip , probably, 
   since immigrants ' iq , and hence capacity for economic improvement , is far lower than that of the native population  immigrants ' iq  economic improvement  iq  economics seriously, 
  closer to 90 in my area . 
  still more expensive than a 10kr mcdonalds burger . 
  never been there , so unfortunately not !, 
  [ google ] ( http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/showuserreviews-g186338-d2464202-r173229700-antepliler_islington-london_england.html ) seems to , though . 
  depends on the kebab . 
  if you find the right kebab place ... holy shit . 
  there is absolutely * nothing * in the world , in my opinion , that tastes as delicious as a fine kebab . 
  i 'll gladly send you to the right place if you ever visit , 
  i 'll be the odd norwegian and say fuck yeah , if only just to piss off putin, 
  yeah , no, 
  we eat at mcdonalds because the food there 's tasty , and it 's much cheaper than a kebab . 
  i 'm not finnish , but norwegian , so not sure how things are done over there , but i think by far the biggest problem with our integration of refugees is how fucking long the system takes to process a request for asylum . 
  seriously . 
  if someone who 's escaped from war and shittiness is n't already mentally troubled , you can bet your ass that they * will * be after waiting for 15 years while staring at wall and not being allowed to work . 
   selfhatingyank checks out, 
  it is n't ? 
  hnnnn ... hnnnnnnng ... must ... not ... joke ... 
  rip in peace / u/wiztard, 
  i 'd rather be in a union where germany is the dominant force than one where olof k\u00f6ttbulla is . 
  well , apart from that little neighborhood bully to the east of finland . 
  above average when it comes to humorous self-deprecating banter , which is an underrated trait . 
  hahahaa , good o - wait . . 
  on / r/europe ? 
  nope . 
  in eastern europe ? 
  hell no . 
  in the first world ? 
  yes , we want to help refugees coming from wartorn shitholes . 
  we even let them live here . 
  crazy , i know . 
  good riddance , 
  exactly . 
  even the most far-right party ( apart from literal v\u00f6lkisch movements not represented in parliament ) in norway has gotten their shit together and given a resounding * yes * to refugees , while the eastern european countries are using the same `` we 're too poor '' - excuse as always . 
  for fuck 's sake , you 're not poor . 
  it 's sad because it 's true, 
  b-b-but what about all the old and poor east europeans ?????? 
  they 're allergic to blacks and muslims !!!!!, 
  downvoted for being anti-migrants ? 
  on / r/europe ? 
  . . is there any place where reading comics * is n't * acceptable ? 
  not in my head , it does n't . 
  boy , must have sucked to be them during the great polish naming conference . 
  i imagine at some point in history , when the regions of poland were being named , the representative from the region next to greater poland went '' well then , we 'll be ** greatest ** poland , you twat '', 
   greater poland is n't all of poland pretty great ? 
  is 35 kids per class the norm in romania ? 
  human needs set precedence over ritual custom ? 
   you could go and ask literally any priest i 'm not a catholic , you filthy easterner . 
  priesthood of the believers and all that . 
  matthew 5:17 `` do n't misunderstand why i have come . 
  i did not come to abolish the law of moses or the writings of the prophets . '', 
  seems like jesus disagrees with you . 
  the old testament is still the word of god , with all of it 's vile and thorougly disturbing laws . 
  it goes without saying that a country of 80 million people is going to be able to mobilise a lot more people than one with 40 million people . 
  when the biggest country is also the richest one - both in absolute and relative terms - that 's another big advantage for the krauts in a hypothetical german-polish war . 
  according to wikipedia , all branches of the german armed forces are numerically superior when it comes to active servicemen ( and as you pointed out , germany has a branch , the navy , with a whole load of people and a whole load of modern boats & equipment that poland simply does n't have ) . 
  the polish armed forces is listed as having a significantly larger amount of reserve personnel , which is worth noting . 
  might have to do with different standards as to what constitutes a reserve soldier , might be other factors . 
  a modern war would be a very different one from the two former great wars we europeans know so well . 
  air superiority is more important than ever , and while germany can scramble their relatively fresh eurofighters , the polish air inventory has loads of old soviet migs in it . 
  i 'd say german fighter pilots would have a significant edge . 
  i do n't really understand why we 're bringing military dick-measuring contests into the whole eu boogaloo , though . 
  the thought of germany declaring war on poland , or vice versa , is absurd . 
  . . i was expecting an argument here . 
  at least call me an idiot or something . 
   poland matches germany militarily oh , poland , you silly goose . 
  yep . 
  i do n't believe in criminalising drawings , and i 'm happy that we do n't have the sort of anti-nazi laws that exist in germany and austria ( among other countries ) . 
  i did n't know the swedish stereotype was known for liberal use of explicit language , i thought the danes were the ones who went '' hva fanden '' every second sentence . 
  scandinavian intra-scandinavian comedy is golden . 
  definitely . 
  i think that 's true for most laws that attempt to regulate speech , though . 
  we have laws against hate speech in norway ( and i assume you do in finland , too ) , but i seriously ca n't recall anyone having been charged for it . 
  people publicly * threatening * to sue someone for hate speech , sure , but no arrests . 
  we also still have a law against dissing the king , a frequent subject of ridicule , so i guess we 're just * really * lax about enforcing laws . 
  inciting a criminal offence such as murder and battery * is * already a criminal offence , so what you 're suggesting is basically criminalising something already synonymous with an offence . 
  poe 's law is worryingly relevant here, 
  it 's a real shame how good the tumblr variety is at getting attention , though . 
  i 'm almost reluctant to call myself a feminist , just because of all the shitty connotations the term has gotten . 
   islam generally preaches that women must obey the husband or man and therefore women are to `` submit '' to men . 
  depends on what kind of '' islam '' you submit to . 
  everyone 's got their own version , just like with any religion . 
  do albanian muslims '' clash with europe 's secular and tolerant values '' ? 
  and speaking of secular tolerance , how strong are those values in poland ? 
  belarus ? 
  serbia ? 
  hungary ?
