  if latin is the * de facto * european language in fifty years , the world will be a dank place indeed, 
  i have a weird feeling in my crotch area wait , is that a bulge ? 
  * [ eu boner rips through jeans ] *, 
  i think i know le marseillais better than the norwegian anthem . 
  shit 's catchy , yo, 
  * leans awkwardly towards your ear * ** hail hydra ** * leans even more awkwardly back *, 
  * russian muslims flood greek island with intention of establishing eurabia , isis and putin take joint responsibility * now * that 'd * rile / r/european up, 
  quite . 
  source : am quite sick . 
  no patato, 
  sultan erdogan say : ottomanistan no have buttsex !, 
  previous parades are of fabrication !, 
  we 've had several people do that in norway , actually , letting refugees live in their private homes . 
  even more people were open to the possibility . 
  eh , we have loads of swede-jokes , but they 're usually above the preteen `` lol gay '' level of cleverness . 
  besides , comparing gays to swedes is utterly degrading - to the gays , that is . 
  i would n't call my worst enemy a swede . 
  that was the joke , yeah, 
  wh ... what ? 
  sweden has bested us ? 
  * sweden * ? 
  the dutchmen i can understand , they 're cool , but * the swedes * ? 
  i must commit sudoku for glory of king harald, 
  i need to visit greece soon . 
  i get to see a beautiful country , greeks get a taste of glorious oil money . 
  you do n't need * our * help to show yourselves in a bad light . 
  you 're doing that fine yourselves . 
  lol guys gays are so freaky xdd like eww gross, 
  do n't worry . 
  even though * everyone * knows you 're all severely inbred backwood-dwelling , jingoistic , god-loving , gun-toting , deeply conservative landwhales , we still love you guys . 
  europeans need a common target to pick on , it helps with the cohesion . 
  thank you based mod-san , keep up the good work < 3, 
  they 've got perseverance , got ta give them that, 
  what a lovely bunch !, 
  it 's hard not to admire the time and effort these people put into jacking off to their own superiority complexes, 
  are we still being brigaded by literal stormfronters , or has it just gotten this bad without their help ? 
  nope . 
  some of them moved here fairly young ( mid-primary school ) , others moved here a little bit later , and others arrived just a couple of years ago , but they 're all first-generation immigrants . 
  statistics can be misleading . 
  the parents of these first-generation immigrants are n't socialized and conditioned into norwegian society in the same way that school-aged immigrants are , and they 'll often go through their lives here without learning the language properly or getting a job . 
  this ends up dragging the statistics in a way that ( when taken out of context ) makes immigrants as a group look like unemployed , lazy and unproductive prospective citizens . 
  thing is , we saw the exact same thing with vietnamese immigrants in the 70 's - during the first few years after the initial vietnamese refugee waves , their employment rate was actually * below * the employment rate of somali-norwegians today ( probably the group that are viewed most negatively ) . 
  today , however , the employment rate of vietnamese-norwegians is * above * the national average . 
  my point here is that demographics change , and statistics can be used to mislead , if that made any sense . 
  as someone who 's alcohol intake is tonnes upon tonnes lower than what is socially expected of similarly aged norwegian youngsters , i ca n't wait to see how much money i save by not buying overpriced beer, 
  if you 're going to try and communicate , at least be kind and remove the potato first , 
   is there any international ranking that denmark does n't win ? 
  the human development index . 
  plus the renowned not-speaking-like-you 've - got-a-flaming-potato-stuck-in-your-throat index . 
  1 ) move out , study 2 ) muh student loan 3 ) ????????? 
   personally i do n't support uncontrolled immigration from outside the eu , inside i think is fine ; imo we are similar enough to assimilate into one another 's countries whilst still retaining some semblence of our previous identity . 
  well , that 's a load of bullshit . 
  from my experience , the nationalites that tend to isolate themselves the most instead of assimilating ( or integrating or whatever you like to call it ) are eastern europeans . 
  i know a fuckton of people from somalia , eritrea , afghanistan , palestine and other '' filthy stupid moslem '' countries , and compared to the lithuanians , russians and estonians , they 're acting so norwegian ( in that they speak norwegian , befriend norwegians and get along with native norwegians ) they might as well have been born with skis on their legs . 
  makes it all the more annoying when people bitch and whine and generalise all muslims , but do n't so much as glance at other europeans . 
  worst offender ? 
  logical language ? 
  am i missing some crucial french sarcasm here ? 
  same here . 
  venstre in denmark is the major danish centre-right liberal-conservative , though , while h\u00f8gre has that role in norway . 
  venstre is a centrist social liberal party . 
  politics , man . 
  la are a ( classical ) liberal party , so i 'm assuming they do n't * quite * agree with df when it comes to issues such as immigration ? 
  eh , danes are pretty cool . 
  they 're more laid-back , relaxed and talkative than swedes , at least from what i 've experienced . 
  definitely not the stiff , \u00fcber-efficient , no-time-to-smalltalk type . 
  that * and * legal prostitution ? 
  note to self : czech out czechia, 
  are swedes really that stiff ? 
  our neighbours are actually * german * inside ? 
  what , * europe * has to help europe ? 
  gosh darn it , i thought america was our police force !, 
  us brutish northerners are content with scribbling a page or two about the fine art of pillaging britons . 
  i start sweating whenever i hear about other countries ' school systems . 
  six to ten pages ? 
  deep philosophy ? 
  we write three pages or so at most , and we do n't even have philosophy . 
  you 're estonian . 
  i figured your english might have been a tad rusty , and as the saint of a man i am , i offered a tiny-teeny english lesson completely free of charge . 
  americans * in general * are liberal in many ways where europeans generally are stuck in the stone age . 
  certain american states ' marijuana laws are * miles * ahead of anything found in europe ( though the larger focus on state-funded rehabilitation for druggies in some european countries as , opposed to the more laissez-faire american policy is something i prefer in regards to taking care of those who actually * need * help managing their drug use ) . 
  immigration is also a political subject where the american political landscape is astoundlingly refreshing : sure , you have the odd tea partier who wants a literal fence along the border , but by and large , americans are accepting of new americans ; people who arrive in the united states with a desire to add something positive to society . 
  and these types of relatively liberal attitudes are n't in any way confined to the educated masses , they 're found in any segment of society . 
  nyeah , i would n't use / r/europe as a representative sample of european people 's opinions , though . 
  europeans ( norwegians , at least ) are n't as virulently xenophobic as one might believe if one only listened to the assholes . 
  the assholes are , as usual , a very , very loud minority . 
   fortunately people with your ideas are turning into a minotiry . 
  minority * is that why people 's attitudes towards immigrants and immigration are growing more and more favorable ? 
  http://www.dagbladet.no/2013/05/30/kultur/meninger/debattinnlegg/innvandring/nettdebatt/27435903/ http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/uk-public-opinion-toward-immigration-overall-attitudes-and-level-concern, 
   it 's sad how reddit can be so liberal regarding gay marriage , atheism , legalization of marijuana and root for space exploration and then be so embarrasingly afraid of brown-skinned people . 
  the liberal parts of reddit are usually the ones frequented by americans . 
  europeans on reddit tend to be tremendously narrow-minded , bigoted cuntwads . 
  this sub is a prime example , / r/european is an even better one . 
  eu and south america are n't mutually exclusive , hilariously enough . 
  damn it feels gud 2 be a gangsta, 
  a whole day of celebrating that we 're not swedish ... you 're more than welcome , just bring r\u00f8de p\u00f8lser , 
  what , you expected a good-looking swede ? 
  i 'm offensive and i find this norwegian, 
  golden dawn terrifies me the amount of votes they received terrify me more, 
  sultan erdogan can into reddit,
