  we 're taking this to netflix . 
  now that you put it that way , a tv drama based on norwegian prison life might just be hilarious . 
   prisons do n't come with luxury goods and personal gyms . 
  they do here . 
  a prison is a correctional facility in which someone is kept as punishment for violating the law . 
  breivik is in a correctional facility as punishment for violating the law . 
  breivik is - hold onto your hat - in a prison . 
   it 's a comfortable life compared to whatever third-world country you 're from ? 
  sure . 
  but the size of his prison does n't make it any less of a prison . 
  a tv drama based on norwegian prison life would bore the shit out of american audiences - not enough drama . 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's refugee : stealing your jobs while leeching off your unemployment benefits, 
  this is / r/europe , so most definitely . 
  i think such a comment would infuriate borat . 
  which is ironic , considering how the azerbajaman looks just like him while the kazakh man looks nothing like him . 
  the fact that icelanders hump each other like rabbits while having such a narrow gene pool is an amusing thought . 
  yep !, 
  they 're seated by county . 
  guys , what if we started a liberal party with national socialist aesthetics ? 
  * that 'd * be something . 
  european youth parliament represent !, 
  as a human bean , i would also like to participate in the trash-talking of those damned politicians with their fancy `` degrees '' . 
  and then came george , that bloody wanker , with his fancy `` pike '' . 
  my muslim friends are all female , so i know how strongly they 'd feel about your second point . 
  as for the first one , their attitude would n't be any different than the christians i know : their religion is the right one , so of course people should n't be encouraged to leave it . 
   see their reactions . 
  comprehend that they are overwhelmingly not what you think they are . 
  unless of course you also hold the views that punishment for leaving islam is death and women should obey men . 
  but then , you 're not very norwegian , are you ? 
  . . but the vast , vast majority of `` irish-americans '' or `` italian-americans '' * did n't * come from ireland or italy . 
  they 're literally native americans . 
  my best friend , whose parents came to norway as vietnamese refugees , was born in norway , speaks norwegian , and identifies as norwegian . 
  vietnam is seen as somewhere exotic , a place to travel - the same way i , being `` pure '' norwegian back thousands of years , view vietnam . 
  who are `` they '' ? 
  my friend circle is almost majority second or first-generation immigrant . 
  they sure feel like fellow citizens , and i sure look at them as fellow norwegians . 
  not `` vietnamese-norwegian '' or `` polish-norwegian '' or `` somali-norwegian '' , but norwegian . 
  i was going to write something about how embarrasingly low reddit 's europeans have stooped , but then i noticed the `` muh obama '' rant . 
  carry on . 
  rip in peace scooterman , he 's racing around in valhalla now, 
  they * are * right-wing populist ( although they 're also welfare chauvinists , like populists tend to be ) , but as you say , they 're pretty tame when compared to front national or sverigedemokraterna - thankfully . 
  i think the fact that we have such a party , and that it actually takes part in the national political discourse instead of being ostracized like sverigedemokraterna , is healthy . 
  it gives an alternative to people who might otherwise have grown much more extreme ( although that has n't really always worked out , considering , * ahem * , a certain anders ) . 
  in the good old days , frp actually had a sizeable faction of the member base whose political views were more or less in line with classical liberalism ; the youth party in particular . 
  then came carl i. hagen and his political maneuverings , and that faction shrank , in favor of the populist , anti-road toll , anti-tax , pro-welfare-but-only-for * us * , pro-cheap alcohol wing that dominates the party grassroots in particular . 
  there 's still a decent chunk of more mainstream ( liberal - ) conservative-ish politicians in frp , like ketil solvik-olsen ( the minister of transport and communications ) . 
  the cold war must have been an interesting time to grow up , to put it mildly . 
  yeah , good thing we have n't had any far-right extremists detonate car bombs in the last five years . 
   only three federal inmates have been executed since 1988 . 
  usually terrorism stuff like the boston bombing or the oklahoma city bombing . 
  a member of the military has n't been executed since 1961 . 
  according to wikipedia , a louis jones jr. was executed by the federal government in 2003 , for '' only '' murder & rape . 
  the dude 's wearing a military uniform on the google images that exist of ( what i assume is ) him , so it might have had something to do with him being in the armed forces . 
   you have to do something really serious to even be considered for death row let alone being held by the feds instead of a state . 
  i mean ... doing something really serious should be a given in order to receive the harshest punishments that the law allows for , do n't you think ? 
   i 've always found that most federal inmates get life over capital punishment which is why places like adx florence exist . 
  i 've always found super , * super * - high security prisons - especially adxf - to be really interesting . 
  i do n't mind security being tight like a three-year old 's butthole as long as it 's not cruel and unusual punishment , and the schematics of adxf cells do n't seem to indicate anything horrendous beyond ( insane security ) going on . 
  the only way you 'd get out of adxf is if you were a superhero with an army ready on the outside , or something . 
  that 's going to be an interesting first , for sure . 
   we 'll have him amputating his own scrotum in a year . 
  state laws are one thing , but you 're still under federal authority for certain crimes regardless of state . 
  or is that just for members of the military ? 
  haha , yeah , texas is completely texas , as we like to say in norway . 
  yep . 
  * ever * . 
  not only for reasons of principle , but because the sadist in me finds it hilarious to envision a hitler who got caught and spent the rest of his life in prison , trying and failing to kill himself every other day . 
  the american penal system includes capital punishment . 
  it 's not right , ever . 
  weird . 
  you 'd think germans would appreciate a good-old chant . 
  maybe they should have added a. . walmart salute ? 
  or better yet : * kebabpizza * , the most deliciously unhealthy dish known to norwegiankind . 
  what , the sultan himself celebrates women 's day ? 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ? 
  while colonialism has never been a particularly clear-cut positive thing , it 's really touching to consider that the french at least thought of natives as people , generally speaking . 
  it 's a stark contrast to how the likes of king leopold ruled their new-found lands . 
  france - * least worst , est. 
  norway would be less snowy silence and more wet splashing, 
  french colonialism seems nice enough , with kissing and smiling and shit . 
  that propaganda poster is hilarious . 
  the irony in it being an attempt at encouraging patriotism to the french colonial overlords makes it even better . 
  geoguessr is absolutely fantastic , but also weirdly creepy when you end up really close to home . 
  like , '' alright , time to explore the world !, 
  wait , is that norwegian on that sign ? 
  shit , that 's like 50 km from me '', 
  thank fuck you left that / s at the end there , i 'd never have deduced that you were being sarcastic without it . 
  ** [ triggered ] **, 
  west norway is best norway !, 
  am from western norway , can confirm that '' heima '' is exactly how i 'd say '' at home '' . 
  affirmative action , which is `` positive '' racism , is an attempt to remedy problems that affect disadvantaged groups . 
  not the same as political correctness . 
  i vigorously disagree with it as a matter of principle , but its intentions are good . 
   people have the right to believe in stupid shit they sure do , but that does n't have anything to do with pc . 
  that 's a * legal * right , and saying that a certain amount of pc is in order does n't imply that you want to take away someone 's right to be a colossal shitstain . 
   reddit does n't care a single bit about women and never have . 
  i do n't give a fuck what you think i care about . 
  ... * wait *, 
  `` they '', 
  why are you talking about scandinavia in a thread about finland ?
