  only on / r/europe is that a bad thing . 
   anything that does n't fit the `` poor , helpless refugee '' narrative does n't get any media coverage anymore . 
  of course the major newspapers are going to agree with that , because being mentally challenged to such an extent that one might start to agree with frp 's ( failed ) populist batshittery would make it hard to write a coherent column . 
  definitely easier than the other way around . 
  good luck relying on mandarin outside of ( east - ) asia . 
  i speak a bit of spanish and i 'm currently learning mandarin , so that 'll be interesting . 
  chinese is spoken by a lot of people , but those people are by and large concentrated in china and south-east asian countries like malaysia . 
  one could argue for spanish being somewhat of a lingua franca , as it dominates in large areas , such as south/middle america . 
  i 'd still say that english tops the list , though . 
  to put it this way : i think you 'd have a lot more luck travelling around the world if english was the only language you could speak than if it were spanish or mandarin . 
  america is not the only country on the earth , and no-one said that , either . 
  but yes , we * should * all speak english , because it 's * by far * the closest thing we have to a global lingua franca . 
   / r/europes thanks for the tip !, 
  nah , bulgarians ca n't be racist . 
  they 're all poor , oppressed eastern europeans being bullied by big bad germany . 
  for hundreds of years , it was the jews . 
  it took the worst genocide we 've ever seen to make us get our shit together . 
  for several decades , it was the communists . 
  it took a cold war to make us get our shit together . 
  and now , it 's the muslims . 
  what does the right-wing populist wave have to become before we learn ? 
  did you just offer a somewhat reflected and balanced stream of thoughts ? 
  on * / r/europe * ? 
  ah , japan . 
  where the police can detain you for 72 hours without charges , convictions are based on confessions received under duress , and the police force more or less automatically rules any death as a '' suicide '' so that the statistics look better . 
  fellow northern european law student checking in . 
  i * definitely * would n't be studying law if that meant having to wear a wig for the entirety of my professional life . 
  sure , they look funny and sort of cute , but ... no wigs . 
  i 'm glad [ the capes ] ( http://gfx.dagbladet.no/labrador/382/382734/38273459/jpg/active/978x.jpg ) worn in court here ( by judges ) look as plain as they do . 
  those german judges look downright magnificent , though !, 
  [ * laugh track * ], 
  that was actually really good . 
  german self-deprecating humor is awesome . 
  was n't that lithuania ? 
   can the market really provide all necessary goods at costs that are affordable for everyone when a government has fewer people to tax in order to get the funds to redistribute ? 
  if the reason why companies turn to automation is increased efficiency , wo n't that lead to the companies making more profits and thus the state getting more tax revenue ? 
  pm stand for prime minister . 
   i stayed up til 6am plenty / r/madlads, 
  i 'm glad free uni , affordable student housing , and generous student loans are supported by parties from across the whole of the political spectrum . 
  everyone who is studying is able to do so thanks to workers owning the means of production ? 
  huh , weird . 
  i thought it was because of publicly funded education and housing . 
   in denmark they are grants ( though possibly 50 % loan , soon ) whereas in norway and sweden they are loans . 
  if you complete your studies , 40 % of the loan is turned into a grant . 
  shh bby is ok, 
  you forgot to somehow steer the answer towards isis and/or ~ ~ ginah ~ ~ china, 
  why are jobbik so popular , then ? 
  we have the best citizens , do n't we , folks ? 
  the best citizens . 
  how * you * doin ' ? 
  \u00deose are n't mutually exclusive , \u00deough . 
  \u00death 's awesome , and we 're awesome . 
  western norway secession and annexation of iceland pls, 
  no , but you can have some ... ... * turkey * . 
  \u00deat 's awesome, 
  which is exactly why we need to put an end to mass immigration from the barbaric catholic world . 
  catholics and the glorious virtues of the west just do n't mix . 
  or was that the muslims ? 
  shit , i forgot . 
  welp , let 's just keep them all out , then . 
  ca n't visit denmark without getting some kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 !, 
  did you get a sygelkogele as well ? 
  he 's serious . 
  one of the coolest things about visiting denmark and enjoying danish culture is to experience the customary confetti showers . 
  it 's a close third , right after red hot dogs and hearing danes speak . 
  `` kebab '' was taken . 
  you can take my life , but you 'll never take my kebab, 
  thus nicely doing their job as representatives of the people . 
  nothing . 
  i-i 'm sorry fritz , p-please do n't yell at me :(, 
  deal . 
  bring gyros ( never tasted one ) and non-rainy weather ( never really tasted that , either ) . 
  why , you got one ? 
  * unorderly shudder *, 
  greeks are chill i like greeks, 
   i did n't push the button , just crossed the street on a red light . 
  you absolute madman . 
  i sure hope there are n't any germans around here . 
  romainvicta, 
  metal as shit , as is the finnish way, 
  i ethnically and sexually identify as a eurowegian, 
  a union from which the constituent states can not legally secede , unlike our glorious european one . 
  a group that not only attacks one of , what , * three * cities that all muslims consider sacred , but holy sites * inside a holy city * . . very islamic indeed . 
   or are we all supposed to just pretend it 's all normal and get on the subways , trains , buses , go to concerts etc and just hope this wo n't happen to us or our loved ones ? 
  that 's exactly what you 're supposed to do . 
  the chances of you being attacked are * exceedingly * low , so quit whining and do n't be some terrorist 's useful idiot . 
  fascist memoribilia is already banned certain places in europe . 
  he was n't from iran , though . 
   you realize that islam exists outside of isis , right ? 
  it certainly does n't exist * inside * is . 
   if she looks you in the eye while wearing a minidress and smiles , she 's not ` asking for it pfft , speak for yourself . 
  yeah . 
  thanks a whole god damn bunch , white dude . 
   christianity was definitely poisonous in the middle ages . 
  today , it 's reformed , modernized and enlightened . 
  there are still far too many places where particularly grotesque forms of christianity are practiced . 
  take uganda , for instance , where the death penalty has been seriously considered as a punishment for homosexuality , in the name of the christian god . 
   calling islam poison is calling every religion poison that 's fair . 
  religion is poison . 
   like that the trees will tell us when a jew hides behind them til muslims invented ents,
