  you went into a room full of muslims and got out unscathed ? 
  b-b-but ... / r/european said ... what ... ? 
  boy , you sure goofed him hard !, 
  what a zinger , haha !, 
  does slovakia accept one-seventh of the amount of asylum requests that norway does ? 
   we dont need any economic immigrants . 
  he did n't say '' economic immigrants '' , he said asylum seekers . 
  '' we do n't need '' asylum seekers is , as an argument , beyond bad . 
  do you really think we take in refugees because * we * desperately need * them * ? 
  do you really think nothing should be done that is n't intended to increase the state 's revenue ? 
  for many people , that 's the easiest thing to do . 
  sad as it is . 
  what ? 
  that 's what i said . 
  the unemployment rate * is * low . 
  5.3 % unemployment without the ( in some aspects excessively so ) generous welfare system found many places in europe ? 
  that 's seriously impressive . 
  thanks , obama !, 
  the state of / r/europe is just fucking disgraceful . 
  i 'm truly sorry for whatever dickwads lump you in with other dickwads , and wish you the best of luck with your emigration . 
  please come to norway right now i need shawarma, 
  yeah , actually understanding the numbers you throw out tends to make it more difficult to rile people up against all the spooky brown muslimerinos . 
  * thekingindanorf !, 
  thekingindanorf !, 
  thekingindanorf !, 
  i 'll have you know kicking hats to fabulous fiddle music with majestic fjords as backdrop is the very definition of culture , olof . 
  though the oil money is neat , too . 
  i knew estonian and finnish ( plus hungarian ) are related , but i genuinely did n't know that estonian people do n't go under the term `` baltic people '' . 
  that 's some unecessarily complicated terminology , seeing as estonia * is * a baltic country . 
  baltic states . 
  people from the baltics . 
  baltic people . 
  and no , estonia can not into northern europe : nieman.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/pod-assets/image/microsites/post-comm/easterneuropemap.jpg, 
  baltic people , mostly lithuanians , make up the organized crime scene . 
  the only real criminals i 've been exposed to in my lucky norwegian life are travelling east europeans who knock on the door to check if anyone 's home . 
  if no-one is . . well , the place is ripe for burglary . 
  i guess i should do as / r/european do with muslims/brown people and start carelessly generalizing . 
  fucking filthy eastern europeans , criminals the lot of them . 
  socioeconomics , pah , not an excuse !, 
  we should deport them all , slimebags and scumfucks . 
  but that 'd be wrong . 
  so i do n't . 
  religion is what you interpret it to be . 
  back in the day , the more muslim parts of the world were filthy rich and relatively progressive compared to the more christian parts of the world . 
  today the traditionally christian countries are filthy rich and relatively progressive compared to the traditionally muslim countries . 
  funny how that works , is n't it ? 
  i like how baltic people , frothing at their mouths at how their filthy rich neighbors to the north * dare * accept immugrants and refugees , complain about crime in scandinavia , when the ones * doing * the crime are by and large baltic organized , professional criminals . 
  no , that 's not * all * that is left . 
  i understand your sentiment , but come on , dude . 
  to take the situation ( s ) we 're talking about here , wide and complicated as they are , and then neatly sum them up in an `` x group of people are all uneducated idiots '' - esque comment . . 
  it 's the simple thing to do , but not ( in my humble , eurasia-loving liberal socialist fascist multicultiman opinion ) the right thing to do . 
  sure , but i do n't think it 's wrong to say that the european side had the upper hand through the whole pegging ordeal . 
  the ottomans never made it further than austria , while the whole middle-east was at some point a european colony . 
  oh , i weep every night for how the french gene pool has suffered as a result of my ancestors taking with them all the good-looking french women . 
  now there 's white guilt !, 
  europe was busy recking shit in the middle-east back then , too ; only then it was a holy war sanctified by the pope himself . 
  of course , europeans were n't the only ones . 
  the mongol hordes ' sacking of baghdad was pretty much the final nail in the coffin for the islamic age of reddit gold . 
  it 's hardly guilt ; ( denmark - ) norway 's contribution to the good ol' days of colonial racing to the top-mercantilism was fairly limited , so i think i 'm safe from my ancestors guilt coming to haunt me . 
  i * would * make a short-sighted snicker of a comment , but i 'll leave that to the french , 
  american involvement is more restricted to ( relatively ) modern times though , as exemplified by all the shenanigans in iran during the middle of the 20th century . 
  i think you have to make a distinction between the classical `` far-right '' movements ( neo-nazism ) and the newer anti-immigrant populists of western/northern europe ( geert wilders , sverigedemokrat\u00e4rna ) . 
  the former hate israel because `` muh nwo jewry '' , the latter hate palestine because `` muh muslim caliphate '' . 
  definitely . 
  had nothing to do with centuries of being pegged in the ass by european great powers and conveniently partitioned through `` divide and conquer '' - like tactics . 
  fucking muslims , man , who would have thought the middle east would n't be the most stable part of the world . 
  does sd seek to limit immigration from finland too , or do they look white , christian and up-standing enough to be welcomed in ? 
  i have a feeling they wo n't . 
  maybe we should start a betting ring around it . 
  do n't call swedes gay , that 's seriously offensive to gays . 
  no , being a swede is so much worse , would n't wish it on my worst enemy . 
  and how many were granted asylum ? 
  i said `` take in '' , not `` get in '' . 
  '' applicants '' being the key word here . 
  i said they take in few , not that few people apply . 
  what are the concrete numbers ? 
  1000 % is n't saying much when they take in as few asylum seekers as they do . 
  japanese society is often lauded by / r/european-y people for being as homogenous as societies go , and they point to statistics showing that 98 % of people in japan are '' japanese '' . 
  the thing is , however , that the japanese census divides people into two groups : japanese people , and * foreign nationals * living in japan . 
  that is to say , if you 're a naturalized japanese citizen , you 're japanese . 
  according to who , socialists ? 
  top kek, 
  they need a cue for when to laugh . 
  ... no , they do n't . 
  myth confirmed !, 
  that taking a hard line against immigrants is career suicide in sweden ? 
  if we 're talking about career politicians , i really do n't see how it could do anything else than gain you more votes . 
  outta here with you german reason and logic , it 's xenophobia-hour !, 
  enjoy your stay , and do n't forget the complimentary pitchfork, 
   sweden  hard line against illegal immigration is career suicide top kek saying the catchiest anti-immigrant phrase you can pull out of your ass is a surefire way to pull uneducated , unemployed voters . 
  populism 101 , applies pretty much everywhere, 
  the rally driver petter solberg , who is famous for his skills at being absolutely terrible when it comes to english , made a pretty ( un ) fortunate choice of words once : '' it 's not the fart that kills , it 's the smell '' . 
  fart = speed , smell = bang/crash, 
   also their relatives and friends are in those countries probably tremendously important point . 
  i know that if europe became a war-torn hellhole and i was looking for a place to escape , i 'd prioritize the country where i knew people speaking my language were . 
  ... or just american mass emigration v2 , because ` merican freedom . 
  from what i 've experienced , i * do n't * understand the hate for middle-easterners and * do * understand the hate for east-europeans . 
  no , i do n't understand hate , but you get the point . 
  how bilingual would you say the average canuck is ? 
  world 's edgiest empire of europe - weee,
