  your experience may be different , and the difference there due to different circumstances affecting people differently . 
  yeah ? 
  well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  welfare ? 
  that must be why switzerland is such a great country to live in . 
  we hang out over at / r/neoliberal . 
  it 's pretty chill . 
  as for your first paragraph , i do n't think hitting a person for the sole crime of being a capitalist can ever be justified . 
  then again , i 'm bourgeoise and counter-revolutionary . 
  as for your second paragraph , i agree with your every word . 
  how very ironic ... 
  well , he 's definitely retarded . 
  we all have our moments . 
  if the justification for hitting people is hate for people in alleged positions of power , does that mean intersectional feminists can punch white men , palestinian muslims can punch israeli jews , and white zimbabweans can punch black zimbabweans ? 
  what about a poor guy whose labor is exploited by a jewish factory owner , and who happens to be national socialist ? 
  your family was sent to the oven by drunk american tourists ? 
  man , i knew they were bad , but that 's on another kevel entirely . 
  a hitler salute in germany is something i could have done as a 14-year old , when i was an even bigger idiot . 
  if your threshold for pulling punches is idiocy , it may be a bit low . 
  many people are n't . 
  if we stripped those who are irrational of their freedom to speak without getting punched , there 'd be a hell of a lot of punching to do . 
  religious people ? 
  legitimate question , not intentional whataboutism : do you believe revolutionary stalinists or maoists can rightfully be punched by the factory owners they want to exterminate, 
  '' do n't believe everything you read on the internet . '', 
   german police is known to be rather chill . 
  where ? 
  that 's not the stereotype i 've heard attributed to german police officers . 
  my impression of them - based only on said stereotype - is that they 're somewhat robotic , for better and worse : not very flexible . 
  i was going to comment how it sounds like you 're in the latest deus ex game , but seriously , i feel for you . 
  the czech - and other eastern europeans , according to this map - seem to be dicks in large proportions . 
  * cries in latin *, 
  same . 
  there 's something so universal about conscripts ` avin a giggle . 
  i like the nco at the end who yells '' you guys ! '', 
  but you 're sweden , so no-one cares : /, 
  east sweden is best sweden . 
  regards , north denmark . 
  my impression is that sweden is the most draconian country when it comes to drugs , both in terms of public policy and public opinion . 
  both major parties in norway have recently become more liberal in their rhetoric on the issue , and several other parties have advocated liberalising the related laws for quite some time . 
  '' syringe rooms '' where heroin-dependents can take their opioids in a sterile environment under professional supervision exist in at least two of the big cities , and being caught smoking weed will probably lead to a smack on the wrist in the form of a fine . 
  still , we have a long way to go . 
  the od statistics are telling , bleak as they are . 
  what the fuck , are you telling me that western norway was warmer than legoland this summer ? 
   * cries in dutch * '' aaaaarrrrsshhhekluppejnsteetvanheitestroofelmaakte :'( '', 
  as a diabetic , my sugary soft drink consumption is * way * above average . 
  european average , anyway . 
  the * dutch * prime minster . 
  surely it would only be right and proper for him to also be the prime cyclist ? 
  just how often does a dutchman have to bike for it to be * surprisingly * often ? 
  good on you , buddy !, 
  so your skin would n't catch fire , or ? 
  it 's coarse , and rough , and irritating , and it gets everywhere . 
  well , that de-escalated quickly . 
  meanwhile * here * in scandinavia : 10-15c , slight breeze , no rain . 
  * perfect * . 
  right ? 
  surely no organic life can be sustained at 45 degrees celsius ? 
  '' wonden '' sounds like '' vond '' , which means '' painful '' , which means '' ouch '' . 
  '' brandwondencentrum '' translated to english via the meanings of the closest norwegian words : '' fire ouch center '' . 
  dutch is cool . 
  james toodletop the younger , 3rd earl of wotmate, 
  chess ... ? 
  damn it . 
  if he can be adorable when making skulls implode with his hand , he can probably be adorable when beating pregnant ex-girlfriends , too . 
  s i s u i s u, 
   norway 's arrangement is very nice for people involved in the fishing and oil industry - at the expense of pretty much everybody else in the country . 
  fishermen and oil rig workers are as unable to vote in eu elections as any other norwegian . 
  hehehehe, 
  yay !, 
  wait ... 
  i wish ... 
  it 's full of swedes, 
  do n't see how that has anything to do with membership in the eu , seeing as we take in more kebabs per capita than most eu members . 
  also , kebabs are delicious , and only made my home town better . 
  as another pro-eu ( ropean ) optimist , i agree with you - we 're probably going to join the union . 
  not until we 've drilled up every single drop of oil in the entire north sea , though . 
   if it 's a matter of money then ee could chip in financially rather than taking people in . 
  would they , though ? 
  edirne is in turkey , and turkey is in asia minor . 
  therefore edirne is n't in europe . 
  french guiana is in france , and france is in europe . 
  therefore french guiana is n't in south america . 
   the nice treaty nice, 
  by your logic , french guiana is n't in south america , but in europe . 
  your logic is n't very logical . 
  i 've struggled with the latter , and have never done the former . 
  this explains why i sympathise with hilldawg . 
  nothing i 'd like to talk about . 
  i have no idea what 's going on in / r/suomi , but i like it . 
  nordic conservatives are generally pretty liberal . 
  national coalition seem liberal-conservative to me . 
  i 'm a politician , pls delete this :(, 
  i know we 're forgettable , but please do n't forget us centrists : /, 
  outsourcing soldiering to robots is completely understandable , and the rational choice . 
  why send people to battlefields , when you can send a machine to do the killing ? 
  how much killing should be done , of course , is another question . 
  you dare omit sultan recep of neottomanistan ? 
  that argument comes up every single time something meant sarcastically goes over people 's head online , and i do n't disagree with you that body language is important , but i do n't really agree with what i think your point is . 
  context goes a very long way . 
  and on reddit , if you 're not sure , you can always check someone 's user history and let it swing the judgement one way or another .
