i do n't know how immigration in germany works , but i have to ask . 
  let 's say a chinese national worked in germany for a few years , got married to a german etc. 
  then thry hit hard times and lose their job . 
  are they then not entitled to benefits even though they paid into the system for several years ? 
  or is this more about people showing up and applying for unemployment or welfare ? 
  i get this particular piece is about eu . 
  my question was a general one . 
  yeah i forgot to take into account the number of russins that have taken finnish citizenship . 
  i know russia made the laws for having both a bit harder a few years back . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_finland this says there are about 70k people with russian as a native language ( not meaning they 're from russia ) and 46k with estonian . 
  even with the refugee influx there still are n't all that many immigrants here . 
  once you get out of helsinki the numbers are so small that everyone knows or knows of most of the non-natives living there . 
  my city of 85000 has i think close to 2k immigrants and even though we 're on the west coast over half are russian-speaking , followed by estonian , german , polish , and french . 
  uh i did post it in this thread . 
  the yle article i posted was also official police stats . 
  unless you think yle and the police are involved in a conspiracy . 
  in finland it 's gotten ridiculous . 
  already in 2016 various police forces have had to say that certain internet rumors of rapes or assaults by foreigners are fake . 
  people share them anyway and believe every single one even when there 's literally no evidence and the police themselves say nothing happened . 
  if the guy in question would be some random dude from forssa those stories wound never get shared . 
  people would be questioning the authenticity , and why someone would be trying to draw so much attention to themselves and the guy . 
  there was an instance where some girls accused a foreign guy if assault . 
  people believed it and started harassing him etc. 
  then the cctv footage came out to show that literally nothing happened but his reputation was so damaged he left the country . 
  imagine the rage this website would have if the guy had been native . 
  there 'd be a witch hunt for that girl . 
  and my numbers were also official police numbers for 2015 . 
  your numbers are actually lower than mine . 
  so ... thanks for proving my point that there is no evidence that afghans and somalis make up 20 % of all sex crimes and that even with 32,000 asylum seekers last year we still have almost no real increase in sexual crime . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/police_asylum_seekers_suspects_in_25_rapes_out_of_over_1000_cases/8634001 - 217 foreigners . 
  25 of which were asylum seekers . 
  a foreigner means anything from tourist to exchange student to permanent resident . 
  there is nowhere that says somalis and afghans make up all of that 217 or even all of the 25 . 
  in 2015 there were something like 1000 sexual assaults in all of finland . 
  217 were foreigners which means anything from tourist to student to permanent resident . 
  25 were asylum seekers . 
  32000 asylum seekers and 25 were believed to be behind sexual crimes . 
  you 're arguing with someone who does n't live here about life here . 
  i 'll never understand why so many on reddit who 've never been to finland think they know so much about daily life and immigration, 
  well , we had 32,000 asylum seekers last year . 
  if you count other immigrants , students etc i would guess it 's somewhere around 50k new people . 
  if we assume every crime was comited by one of those new people ( which is ridiculous but let 's pretend for this scenario ) , it 's still an incredibly small number . 
  i 'm not sure how many immigrants live in the whole of finland but our vbiggest immigrant group is russian . 
  i think something like over half of all immigrants are russian . 
  you big meanie, 
  finland is not in norway . 
  was n't there some stats last year that said latvians were the most represented in foreigner crime rates ? 
  not really . 
  i mean , perhaps you could ask a finnish speaker before posting stuff like that ? 
  there 's enough misinformation out there as it is in regards to foreigners and crime here . 
  she 's a finnish citizen . 
  we speak both languages at home . 
  i do n't know if i 'll ever even boter with the american passport or anything . 
  my mom is the only person i really want to see in the us and she visits every summer anyway . 
  people think too much about citizenship . 
  i 'm quite well-known and well-liked in my city ( i have a blog that 's been featured in the paper a few times and i 'm active in community events ) and people are usually quite shocked to find out i have n't already gotten citizenship . 
  on the other side , people back in the us just assume i got finnish citizenship the second i got off the plane and that i no longer have the american one . 
  i guess the issue for people who 've never moved is understanding how complex it is to get citizenship . 
  but when it cones to my kid , she is n't `` half-finnish '' . 
  she 's not an immigrant . 
  i 'll be a finnish citizen later this year . 
  i have n't been to the us in nearly five years . 
  i do n't really know what i am . 
  why should someone who 's never even been to morocco be considered moroccan ? 
  all of my grandparents moved to the us from italy but neither me or my parents are italian . 
  i will never understand this argument . 
  someone who spends their entire life in a country is n't somehow less of a citizen just because of the language they speak at home . 
  people from the eu are also immigrants . 
  anyone that moved to another country to live permanently is an immigrant . 
  plus it says over half the people on the list are dutch ... 
  so you feel safe but are afraid to go bavk ? 
  what 's that mean for those of us already living her permanently ? 
  do n't you shit talk tom of finland . 
  those stamps were lovely . 
  seems like a few people feel like their racist safe space has been broken . 
  so ... bosnia is n't europe ? 
  so we should give up on the kids ? 
  they never asked to be born . 
  they never asked for their dad to be a terrible person . 
  those kids can grow up into perfectly functioning adults if given the right care . 
  seriously . 
  leave the kids put of this . 
  same in finland . 
  the anericans here , the majority , are upper-middle class or higher . 
  nobody really has to work and if they do they `` teach '' . 
  amazing, 
  surely nobody is stupid enough to think this would benefit finland at fucking all ? 
  do n't get me wrong - i have my issues with certain aspects of how stuff works here . 
  i hate our current government . 
  but i also hate blind complaints . 
  if you do n't like how it works , try to fix it . 
  talk to politicians . 
  go to city council meetings . 
  if you 're permanently here and paying taxes , you have every right to go go to local meetings and speak up . 
  but whining to the media about how you had to stand in line is stupid . 
  your kid got her treatment and you did n't go broke in the process . 
  maybe try telling your finnish friends and family to stop voting for parties that want to gut public services and things will improve . 
  maybe i see the healthcare stuff differently because i 'm american but aside from a few minor annoyances , i 've been completely satisfied with the care both i and my daughter have recieved . 
  lol you apparently did n't go to high school in a small town . 
  your post is only true if the boys involved are n't star athletes , relatives to people in the school 's administration , or members of the same church as the teacher or principal .
