  but if they suspect that they 're lying about their identity then they will deny it . 
  do n't worry , he 's full of shit . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  straight up . 
  they will very much deny an applicant for lying about their nationality in a case like that . 
  if they 're from vietnam or mongolia and claiming to be arab and they do n't speak arabic or kurdish then that 's a giant red flag . 
  and they are denied asylum . 
  frthermore , asylum seekers do n't just get citizenship . 
  they get living permits and then citizenship years down the line . 
  if you 're going to make shit up , make sure you at least have the facts straight . 
  yup . 
  they do n't benefit at all if their claim gets rejected and the evade deportation . 
  at that ppoint they are a criminal . 
  thats when they are `` illegal '' , not when they claim asylum . 
  and as you said , in that instance they ca n't even see the doctor . 
  staying is quite pointless, 
  all asylum cases are evaluated on a personal basis . 
  that 's how it works . 
  that 's why the queue is so long for processing . 
  that 's why 65 % of all asylum seekers in finland get denied and i 'm almost positive this is how it works in the rest of the eu . 
  you do n't just show up saying you 're syrian and then get a living permit . 
  it takes about 9 months to a year while the government decides if you 're actually in danger . 
  all the articles you see about refugees being sent back/denied are just sensationalism trying to make a big deal out of routine process . 
  but they count on people like the american you replied to knowing nothing about the legal process . 
  as a swede , you are probably aware of how many did . 
  some people are having a difficult time adjusting to the darkness . 
  we have no snow so it 's extra dark this year . 
  it 's the same seasonal blues that even locals get . 
  for the people that only eat halal meat in the centres i visit , a lot of people are bummed there 's only one place in the city that sells it and it 's expensive as fuck . 
  a lot of them owned livestock back home so suddenly eating mostly carbs and root veg has been a shock . 
  it 's a lot of big changes at once and i think people confuse culture shock with whining . 
  actual refugees are thankful for everything , they 're just trying to adjust to their new surroundings . 
  some people have behaved poorly and the media has ran with it . 
  but stories of the other 95 % doing nothing wrong do n't get clicks and ad revenue . 
  i went to helsinki two weeks ago . 
  before i left i asked the teenage girls if there was something i could grab for them from the ethnic shops , like tea or books in their language , and they all asked for meat . 
  a room full of teenage girls . . and all they wanted was meat . 
  jesus christ this shit is why people tell me i 'm `` smart for an american '' . 
  and if you have no wife and kids ? 
  you 're just a 20-something dude who worked at a butcher shop or a bakery his whole life and now that place is a pile of debris ? 
  speaking as a parent myself , if there was a conflict here and my kid had the chance to get out , i 'd do what i could to get her out , even if it meant me staying behind . 
  this is your job as a parent . 
  you 're oversimplifying the syrian conflict . 
  because we 're playing an active role in its collapse . 
  i quite regularly invite refugees over for tea . 
  they usually really like my cats . 
  i 'm not natively finnish , i 've just lived here for four years . 
  but my boyfriend , who is a native finn and who proudly did his military service , along with many of the finnish men i 'm in daily contact with who also did their service with pride , are completely understanding of why these people are n't taking up arms . 
  if i were native finnish , though , i 'd find this comment fucking ridiculous . 
  you ca n't compare the winter war to the syrian conflict . 
  at all . 
  i have relatives who remember the war quite vividly . 
  i know women who were part of the lotta organization . 
  and all of them , every . 
  single . 
  one . 
  is sympathetic to the people fleeing . 
  people who actually have experienced it first hand would never want others to go through it . 
  nevermind how many people left finland during and after that conflict . 
  and if you 're anti-war in general ? 
  you do realize , like every country ever , there are people with many political and social beliefs ? 
  syria had 22 million people in 2013 . 
  if even 5 % were completely and total anti-war , that 's over a million people who do n't want to join any army . 
  this becomes pretty obvious once you sit down and talk to people fleeing that area . 
  i 've met hundreds of refugees , both families with children and the ever-so-hated young men , and this is literally what they say . 
  nobody is fighting for them . 
  nobody is fighting for their family . 
  there is no `` good guy '' . 
  everything they actually cared about has been bombed to shit , so what 's the point ? 
  i 'm not saying here or there that europe should just take in every asylum applicant or something but if we could actually acknowledge that war sucks , and that average citizens who do n't have a horse in any race and who just want their lives back should n't be made to feel bad for not wanting to join a militia , that would be nice . 
  when there are tens of different terror groups , plus varying government and foreign forces , all of which have been accused of varying levels of war crimes and crimes against humanity , how can you expect people to a. 
  know which group is fighting for them and b. 
  want to risk their life in war ? 
  i hate how casually people like this guy downplay war and make it seem like everyone should just want to sign up . 
  this is n't fucking call of duty . 
  talk to some combat veterans and you 'll learn how fun it is, 
  basic unemployment after tax is like 520 . 
  add rent benefit and that 's 800 easily . 
  nothing will change . 
  i 'm so tired of these articles, 
  stoooop it . 
  this has been making the rounds on facebook for a week now and i 'm pretty sure this is n't estonia . 
  sure it 's more advanced , but it also comes with a more advanced price . 
  saabs are affordable while still being reliable and good quality . 
  i 've always loved saab 's planes . 
  i was playing cards against humanity with some other immigrants from my integration course a few years ago . 
  one of them was an educated ukranian girl who came from a pretty well-off family . 
  she refused to believe the guluags ( sp ? ), 
  were a russian thing . 
  she hated russia but swore that those were a german thing . 
  i 've always found that interesting, 
  finnish . 
  `` let me tell you about your own country '', 
  as an american , i can say that our border control is far from a `` joke '' . 
  we have a lot of undocumented workers but a lot of them are lured in by american companies looking to profit on cheap labor on factory farms . 
  and once ice does get you , you 're gone . 
  and even entering back as a citizen is fucking difficult . 
  try going into the us from canada sometime and see how much of a `` joke '' it is . 
  there are probably plenty of people that know better and just sit their rolling their eyes . 
  the finnish unemployment office sent me to an integration course back when i did n't have a job , and me and a bunch of immigrants mostly from europe got to learn about birth control , condoms , tampons , and the importance of keeping out bits clean .
