  we talked it over with a few mods and we 'd like you to repost this with a better source . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've removed this for being a repost . 
  there is a thread about this issue on the front page of the sub if you wish to participate in the discussion . 
  please repost this to / r/italy or / r/askeurope . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've removed this for linking to another subreddit without the np . 
  tag , but also because i do n't think it concerns this sub . 
  the folks over at / r/iceland might enjoy it , though !, 
  i hope she 's okay . 
  the refugee crisis has nothing to do with it . 
  that 's a nice scapegoat that dodges the actual problems the finnish economy had loooooong before anyone showed up last year . 
  taxation really is n't that high . 
  it 's lower for me now than it was in the us . 
  add on the fact that i do n't have to think about health insurance and i 'm more than happy to pay taxes . 
  if they start gutting education like sipil\u00e4 wants , though , then i may change my tune . 
  i 've removed this because it 's already been posted a few times over the past few days . 
  you 're welcome to go to any of those threads to discuss this topic . 
  thanks !, 
  hi there . 
  could you please repost this question to / r/askeurope ? 
  you 'll get better answers there . 
  thanks !, 
  i did that on saturday at my friend 's party . 
  her family has a house on the sea and a new terrace , so we danced all night to ys\u00e4ri but then someone asked for abba and abba delivered . 
  abba is love . 
  hi there . 
  i think this post would be better suited for / r/askeurope . 
  please repost there with a little more clarity in your question . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm just in a loving mood lately . 
  i want to hug it . 
  poor thing looks so lonely . 
  true finns are also anti-lgbt . 
  it amuses me how so many people defending these far-right parties and saying muslims will never integrate into western society seem to have a lot of common beliefs with hard-line muslims in regards to lgbt issues ... 
  i do n't think it was a `` fuck russia '' song . 
  i think it was a `` this is the story of what happened to my family in 1944 '' song . 
  and it beats to the sound of sileeeeence, 
  yup . 
  exactly this . 
  i 've been called an islamic apologist by far-right finns on here and as an atheist it blows my mind . 
  somehow thinking not to judge entire groups of people based on what cults like isis does means i loooooove islam . 
  in the minds of those people , if you do n't hate all 2 billion muslims on earth , you 're far-left , pro mass immigration , and a sjw . 
  this is what gets me down about reddit sometimes . 
  during the hockey world championship last week , the racist finnish forums were flipping out because a few well-known not-native finns were taking pictures in the finnish national jersey and cheering for finland . 
  i 'm not `` pro mass immigration '' . 
  i 'm pro rational thinking and pro looking at things from all sides . 
  i 'm pretty center when it xomes to immigration but because i 'm not racist and because i think all these sob stories about how europe is dying or how millions of brown people are raping our women , i 'm an evil communist . 
  excapt several states had documented electoon issues in the primaries . 
  reading the comments here you 'd think austria just elected bin laden as president . 
  this sub is so ridiculous sometimes . 
  better stop stalking me `` bro '' . 
  posts like this are so embarrassing, 
  jesus did he really say that ? 
  excapt i never pretended to be a finn . 
  my flair in / r/finland literally says i 'm an immigrant . 
  i am regularly in the local paper talking about immigrant life . 
  inconvenient details of your agenda here . 
  `` foreigner posing as a finn '' lol . 
  go away, 
  ugh i know . 
  i did n't used to think he was attractive until he hosted with petra this year . 
  now i just want to ravage him . 
  well , yeah . 
  have you seen m\u00e5ns ? 
  so a girl who works in raisio , which is literally just a bunch turku suburb most people only know of for shopping , knows more about the current safety situation in finland than someone who 's lived here for five years and who is active in nightlife and immigrant communities in southwest finland ? 
  okay , then . 
  well , i live in pori , slightly less than two hours from turku . 
  i 'm regularly in both turku and helsinki because of work and friends . 
  i go out a lot . 
  i 'm really active in the ys\u00e4ri scene so i 'm at nightclubs and stuff . 
  i also worked with refugees for six months so there 's that . 
  i 've never seen refugees or anything harass anyone , only the opposite : drunk finnish guys trying to pick fights with people for looking foreign , assuming some indian guys here on work visas were syrian , etc. 
  of course there 's always that weird group of turkish guys at the one night club here but they 've lived here longer than i have and i 've never seen or heard of any trouble . 
  the only issues that seem to happen here with harassment are generally at student parties , and again , that 's been happening forever and those people are n't refugees . 
  sorry to burst your dystopian bubble but finland is still pretty boring and pretty safe . 
  your friends are either lying for attention or are very paranoid . 
  walked home from the monkey about 2km to where i was staying at 3 am two months ago with my friend . 
  the only people we saw on the street were newspaper delivery people . 
  you 're more likely to get hit on by a creepy drunk finn than anyone else . 
  those girls are full of it . 
  `` foreign looking men '' aka other exchange students at student parties , which has been happening since the dawn of time . 
  so confused why ireland did n't go forward . 
  i 'm going to listen to westlife all day tomorrow . 
  also feel bad for the macedonian lady and her donuts . 
  guy was an ethnic german with a history of drug and psychological issues who was barefoot and named paul . 
  liberally nothing to do with muslims or immigrants or anything . 
  `` come the fuck on '' . 
  guy was an ethnic german with a history of drug and psychological issues who was barefoot and named paul . 
  literally nothing to do with muslims or immigrants or anything, 
  native germans with drug problems running barefoot and stabbing people at 5 am ? 
  portuguese trump supporter sounds like an indie band . 
  the chorus part of this song was made in 2012 for an ad by one of finland 's biggest phone companies . 
  it was such a hit that they finished the song and turned it into a single . 
  the artist , eini , has also done a bunch of finnish covers of songs , including motherfucking xanadu . 
  daycare in finland is affordable if you 're poor . 
  but for two working people it can be expensive , especially with multiple kids . 
  i do n't know how ither people do it . 
  also less and less daycare resources . 
  and also everything is really expensive .
