  my high school in rural pa held nobody accountable for anything if the students involved were `` important '' . 
  i 've got the bbc live updates in another tab . 
  i just did n't understand why we 're linking to rt is all . 
  why rt and not bbc or a german source ? 
  this has happened a few times in finland too . 
  as usual on reddit , though : false accusations against someone famous or `` important '' the entire site loses its shit . 
  false claims against refugees ? 
  meh who cares !, 
  yup , svl indeed . 
  must be nice to not have a job and spend the day plastering the city with litter . 
  the group in my city organizing `` close the borders '' rally has been plastering the city with holocaust denial flyers today . 
  i was wondering what the occasion was . 
  i can think of a few subreddits where that 's the entire narrative, 
  yup . 
  welcome to / r/europe where we scapegoat leftists for everything even though sdp and the left alliance have n't been in the government for over a year . 
  my coworker is n't a criminal and they 've harassed him . 
  jfc again with trying to manipulate the truth . 
  alma-media , the biggest private-owned media company , is centre-right . 
  yle is also far from being `` leftist '' . 
  8 % of finns are leftists . 
  the majority of finns are somewhere in the center . 
  but anything that is n't far-right is considered leftist to you people . 
  and you whine about leftists and whatever all day , when they are n't even in power and do n't own or control the media !, 
  and the people in this sub do n't know any better and the idea fits their confirmation bias so they believe it . 
  some patriotic native finn you are if you want to publicly misrepresent the reality of your country . 
  the leader of the patrols in my area is a criminal with a violation criminal record and history of harassing roma and immigrants . 
  and his little lap dogs wuite regularly harass non-white people on the street here . 
  i know on this sub there is literally no point in even saying this because it 's more fun to whine about leftists than accept facts , but these patrols are considered a joke by even people on the right . 
  they yell at/harass anyone that does n't look native . 
  unemployed alcoholics . 
  pori now has four `` street patrols '' and they 're the laughing stock of the city . 
  we 've never really romanticized cheap beach vacations . 
  there have been a few insanely cheap turkish holiday packages in the paper but neither of us have ever been interested . 
  japan , iceland , norway , and the uk are where we 've always wanted to go . 
  maybe new zealand as well . 
  that 's literally what people are saying we should do with the refugees . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  attacking me personally . 
  cute . 
  nice that your stormfront and pol warriors can to your rescue . 
  you ca n't downvote the truth away , boys . 
  because you were all too busy calling us names and mocking the concept of teaching men not to rape and protesting every little thing we did just six months ago . 
  now the attackers are from a group you do n't like . 
  suddenly you want to `` protect '' us . 
  where the fuck were you before ? 
  as a feminist who 's been groped and harassed at bars here by white dudes only to be told i was lying and `` just trying to cause trouble '' , how do you expect me , and others like me , to react ? 
  there have been several women here in finland to have falsified rape/assault claims by immigrants but there 's been no accountability . 
  people still believe them even though they were found to have lied . 
  the second a women says the guy `` was n't finnish '' , her story could involve a unicorn and people will believe it . 
  meanwhile , when it 's a finn or european , we 're told we 're lying , exaggerating , trying to hurt him , trying to cause drama , or that we need to toughen up and that it 's `` no big deal '' . 
  there is hypocrisy there and if you ca n't see it then you 're part of the problem . 
  will do if i do n't fall asleep . 
  you can read thd news yourself with google translate on yle.fi . 
  i 'm not sure if non-finnish ips can watch the actual news broadcast . 
  edit : national news talked about stockholm and cologne . 
  nothing about helsinki . 
  i 'm not doubting it may have happened but is is awful . 
  it 's a tabloid . 
  the national evening news starts in about 30 minutes . 
  i 'll let you know . 
  nothing on tonight 's news about it . 
  in-depth reports on stockholm and germany though . 
  to be fair , is is a pretty shitty paper . 
  how do you know either way ? 
  you 're being dramatic here . 
  dude please . 
  this happens to every woman ever on facebook . 
  i 'm average looking as hell and my `` other '' inbox is full of dudes from india and pakistan being creepy as fuck . 
  this is hardly a refugee-related thing . 
  make your profile picture a selfie of a girl and post a few comments on bbc or some other popular page and watch them poor in . 
  american in finland here . 
  doctor visit costs 16 $ . 
  hospital stay is 38/day , regardless of what happens or how many drugs or treatment you need . . 
  if you rnd up with over 600something in hospital fees in a year , they do n't charge you anymore . 
  perscriptions : if it 's something you need to live , it 's something like 3e/mo . 
  if it 's just antibiotics or whatever , it 's usually more like 10 $ . 
  children get free regular checkups and dental exams . 
  if you ca n't afford this all , the social office will pay it . 
  my taxes are lower here than pennsylvania . 
  trying to turn finland into america more and more every minute . 
  he scares the shit out of me . 
  and stubb, 
  i work with refugees and i know you are wrong . 
  people who are denied do not recieve any money . 
  that 's just bogus . 
  and they very much are still handled case-by-case , hence the long queues . 
  ffs actually visit a reception center and you 'll learn something . 
  it becomes a police issue at that point . 
  well , in finland it 's always a police issue but yeah . 
  :d but seriously , , the point is , as i said , it 's granted on a case by case basis . 
  you have to prove , through various interviews and assesments , that you , specifically , need asylum . 
  i could go to austria tomorrow , as an american , and claim that i need asylum . 
  they 're going to deny me , of course , but that 's how it works . 
  people confuse applying for asylum and getting to be in a country while their application is being handled with actually being granted it . 
  you always hear in finland about gay russians coming here and claiming asylum . 
  they get sent back pretty quick . 
  same with albanians . 
  is it a waste of time when people do this ? 
  yeah . 
  the processing of nearly 40k asylum seekers is going to be long and difficult and expensive but at the end of the day , if you 're an `` ecconomic migrant '' or whatever buzzword you want to use , you 're probably not getting asylum and a living permit .
