  there were people there with phds . 
  i hate one-size-fits-all courses . 
  i 'm pretty sure finland already prints them once they get granted asylum . 
  at least the rest of us immigrants get printed when we get our living permits . 
  because according to the republicans that support this nonsense , it 's only those scary brown people they need to worry about . 
  he 's a native finn and he 's not even muslism , or christian , or any religion really . 
  he sat in a field on a business trip and was n't even allowed to leave his compound other than to travel to the airport . 
  plenty of people that have nothing to do with terrorism have done similar work trips . 
  there 's no reason those individuals should face any difficulty because of that . 
  what the fuck `` threat '' does he pose ? 
  now i 'm pissed . 
  my boyfriend , a white , bacon-eating , beer-loving 100 % native finnish guy , worked in iran for a month in 2014 . 
  his finnish company sent him to the middle of nowhere to help build a thing . 
  so if my mom dies and we need to attend her funeral back in the us , he 'd need a visa just because of a fucking work trip ?!? 
  foreign students are not entitled to any benefits . 
  currently they must show they have 6700 $ / year in their bank accounts to prove they can pay their own rent etc. 
  they are entitled to nothing from kela . 
  i 've seen a few people argue that there 's no `` proof '' that all that 6700 will get spent in finland but how else do you expect people to pay rent , eat , and have a cell phone and bus pass ? 
  i feel like i 'm the only one who sees this fpr what it is . 
  first it 's foreigners , then it 's natives . 
  once people are used to the idea . 
  and the funniest bit on facebook is all the eu students studying here saying how great it is that they 're charging . 
  `` fuck you , i got mine ! '', 
  nah , they 're immigrants . 
  most of them are here because of marriage or school . 
  when they get work it 's usually in english daycare or something like that . 
  some business professionals and some small business owners but i 'm sure there are some doing skilled work in helsinki region but the people i 've met are exclusively love or study-people . 
  i 've said this before in this sub . 
  british young people ( under 35 ) are the worst immigrants . 
  finland has a few immigrant-majority online communities and 90 % of the posts are brits complaining about food , alcohol prices , finnish people , etc. 
  most do n't even learn finnish because they have this weird attitude that everyone here should just speak english . 
  people like to complain about romanians and polish people but at least they learn the language . 
  these poll results do n't shock me at all . 
  many immigrants living here will tell you the same . 
  afghans and iraqis will drink all your beer if you let them . 
  it 's a small minority that do n't . 
  a lot come here all `` yeah !, 
  halal forever ! '', 
  and after a few months they 're at hessburger eating mega meals . 
  my experience is mostly with kids and young adults but yeah . 
  most finns are miserable this time of year . 
  there 's no snow yet and it 's dark as fuck . 
  yup . 
  boyfriend was there for a month for work . 
  johnny walker red label is like $ 80 a bottle . 
  they all told him that everyone drinks at home . 
  you just have to watch out for the police . 
  it 's like pot in europe . 
  most refugees drink if given the chance . 
  this is a big misconception by both pro and anti refugee people . 
  pretty ok !, 
  recovery has been annoying because i 'm not allowed to list over 2kg and i need eyedrops 6x a day . 
  i 'm technically on sick leave but i 've still been in the centers and stuff , just not in my office . 
  i suck at resting . 
  but someone smashed windows and threw a firecracker in the window of the center last night so now i really ca n't rest . 
  who 's ready for some handshakes ? 
  the basic benefits for unemployed kids just out of college end up being around 800 before tax when you combine the hpusing benefit with unemployment . 
  so it 's a win for students and skilled unemployed youth , i 'd say . 
  that and have a valid reason to be here , and not have committed any crimes . 
  yeah . 
  i found the one big expat fb group and then realized i was n't missing anything . 
  some really shady folks, 
  i busted my ass learning finnish and conversational swedish with a disability and i get frustrated when i hear other americans bragging about how they do n't want/need finnish . 
  woodshed sucks , though . 
  i do n't recommend, 
  domo , makki makki came to my mind . 
  both delicious . 
  i 've been to plenty of not-kebab places in helsinki where the waters did n't speak finnish ... 
  plenty of lazy brits and americans have found work in english daycare or other english-speaking offices and therefore believe they do n't `` need '' finnish . 
  it 's why i avoid the american expat circuit . 
  not asylum seekers . 
  they get a course if one is available but they do n't get extra money for attending it . 
  in satakunta all finnish courses for refugees are taught by volunteers . 
  if their applications are approved and they get to stay , they get money while attending the language course but it 's not extra . 
  it 's tied to their benefits . 
  if they stop going to their course , they lose every benefit . 
  regular unemployed immigrants are the ones who get extra money ( 9 $ / day ) to attend a full-day language course . 
  yesterday !, 
  it was pretty, 
  not this shit again . 
  so you 're cool with the nsa then ? 
  what if i 'm cold ? 
  you have to be a troll . 
  syria and iraq were pretty modern . 
  i mean , in my little finnish city we had actual syrian immigrants before the war broke out that came here on exchange and then found work . 
  i also had syrian neighbirs at one point where i grew up in the us and they went back every summer . 
  the parents just worked in the us because the wages were better . 
  i know we like to have a mental image of all middle eastrn countries as being a bunch of people riding camels and living in huts but they actually do have civilization there . 
  the reality ? 
  most of them just want their lives back . 
  they 're pretty open about how happy they were before war . 
  i do n't want to get too personal but some of the people have seen some shit . 
  they lost family members on their way here . 
  but they still thank every worker and every volunteer every day . 
  when i was sick last week a bunch of them wanted to come to my house and help me . 
  the general feeling is that finland is cold and dark but at least they 're safe and have people to keep them company . 
  i 'm currently training an army of skip bo champions . 
  where i work has no heat since it 's meant to be temporary . 
  it 's gotten quite cold in the mornings . 
  lucky we had lots of donations for children 's clothing so nobody is freezing yet but i hope they get moved to a better facility soon .
