  as he should . 
  europe should be above the death penalty and sending people to certain death . 
  otherwise we 're no better . 
  he should be in jail for a very , very long time . 
  but no european government should execute anyone , nor should they send someone to a place where it is apparent that they will be killed shortly after arrival . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is low quality . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  wikipedia says the last french presidential ekection had a 79 % turnout . 
  a reliable swedish source with an honest translation is always better than a garbage website . 
  i removed this for being low-quality . 
  the source is odd , the `` breaking news '' thing is sketchy , and it does n't really bring forrh any new information related to the case . 
  a lot of my stem-educated friends are openly green , the rest ncp . 
  leftist friends are all either academic types or people who work in factories . 
  ncp friends are also in business or economics , and keskusta friends are jist average folks . 
  i know a few who are ps and none of them work . 
  ca n't say i know anyone who 's openly for sdp but i also do n't know many older people . 
  this is just my own circle , so take that for what it is . 
  man , you 've really got a chip on your shoulder in this thread . 
  take a breather , mate . 
  nobody 's coming after you . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say that keskusta still cares about the countryside when the social reform is going to hurt those in the countryside the hardest . 
  they 're not the party they used to be . 
  if you do n't know , do n't assume . 
  aaah , okay . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  what is `` sleep '' ? 
  please find me a source from the green party which states they 'd like to `` fill the country '' with refugees ? 
  i think it 's really unfair to call the entire green party far-left . 
  there is a lot of differences , and on some economic issues they 're closer to the right than the left for sure . 
  this is why i voted green and not left , because , like many green voters , while i am left-leaning on many things i do n't really know if i 'm on the left completely . 
  greens have a pretty good balance imho . 
  though i have a lot of respect for the local left party here , as they care about getting people to work . 
  i 've been giggling all night . 
  the social media butthurt by people living in their little populist bubble has been super funny , too . 
  same . 
  if every immigrant waiting on a visa extension , who had perfectly legitimate grounds to stay , had to be detained it would not only violate human rights and tear families apart , it would mean companies hiring said immigrants would lose money , and the government would be spending billions detaining hard-working people . 
  what the fuck kind of suggestion is that even ? 
  i do n't understand your point ? 
  i 've been working since i was 14 . 
  even when i was unemployed i volunteered eight hours a day to stay active . 
  i lift weights as a hobby so every time i 've had a job that involved lifting stuff i 've loved it . 
  not sure how any of this is relevant to you . 
  love you too !, 
  i literally said they 're not the tories . 
  i did indeed cry my eyes out when thoae children were murdered . 
  there is no misinformation . 
  i vote green . 
  i do n't know what else to call them . 
  they 're the party of business owners etc so while not as conservative as tories , they 're definitely on the right . 
  i do n't understand why anyone would even need a car in most parts of helsinki . 
  at least in the government level , the populist party has pretty much bakced down on everything they campaigned on and have become the good little lap dogs of the other two parties in the government ( center party and ncp , a conservative party ) . 
  this is why their polls have consistently been sliding . 
  there are a lot of resources available if people choose to care . 
  it can be hard to get them to care , though , which is an issue . 
  however , as i said above , a lot of parties this time around have made a pretty big effort to get the young people to vote . 
  we have a lot of big changes coming up so these election results do matter a lot . 
  read . 
  the . 
  entire . 
  comment . 
  i 'm not `` far-left '' . 
  i 'm sad that swedish folks are dead . 
  is it so hard to read past the first part of a comment ? 
  the refugee center i used to work at . 
  the language lessons i frequently substitute teach . 
  the shopping trips i go on with them . 
  the afternoon tea i have a few times a month at various iraqi and afghan homes . 
  you 're the only person who got the point . 
  yup . 
  but at lesst it looks like turnout today is slightly up . 
  it 's up to us young people to keep that trend going . 
  the finns have spemt so much money on advertising on local radio . 
  i 'd love to see them fail if for nothing more than the fact that i 'm tired of hearing their ridiculous ads . 
  it is sad , but it 's still important with sote coming up . 
  read the fucking comment . 
  what i meant was that there are n't going to be any huge breakthroughs or upsets . 
  greens might grow but the voting will likely go as it 's been expected to . 
  the youth chapters of a few of the major parties here in poro have been really active this time around . 
  i 'm hoping this is the case in a lot of places . 
  it 's alwaus great when young people vote and also run . 
  we 're the ones who get to live with any policy chsnges made . 
  i 'm open anout my secuality to every muslim immigrant i meet . 
  surprise , nobody gives a shit . 
  however , my friends and i have had native finns tell us to our faces that we 're going to hell . 
  the finnish populists are actually more vocally anti lgbt in a lot of places than the actual christian party . 
  the far-right hates us . 
  they are not our friends . 
  i broke down crying when they cut the radio broadcast i was listening to to announce this had happened , as a mod , a frequent visitor of that area , and as someone who calls the nordics my home , because i knew there would be people on reddit treating this even as if it were their christmas morning . 
  they 've been desperately wishing for an event like this to happen in sweden . 
  to know that there are people , people who claim to be `` proud ethnic european '' or whatever , jumping for joy internally because now they have some kind of backwards justification for their racism and ignorance guts me . 
  we live in one of the safest places in the world . 
  this kind of thing is so exceptionally rare . 
  and the person who did it was a known criminal . 
  children are dead and injured , families are torn apart , bodies were n't even cold and these people rushed to reddit with their fucking memes , `` funny '' comments about muslims/immigrants , comments about motherfucking trump , and everything else . 
  you all have no idea what kind of absolutely terrible garbage we have had to sift through since friday . 
  i 've had to literally turn off my computer and go for a run several times to cool down . 
  so , i 'm sorry if we 've missed a few things , or if comments did n't technically break any established rules despite clearly only showing up to circlejerk the deaths of our brothers and sisters . 
  i did my best . 
  but but but brown people !,
