enemy : russia and german conquered through crusades prussia . 
  rival : even as allies we were pretty rivals with poland, 
   got all our lands back from them . 
  it never were yours . 
  it was n't inhabitant by russians in first place . 
  this made me and roommate laugh hard ;d, 
  definitely yes . 
  too much of lies . 
  change your flair putinbot . 
  so what kind of language he suppose to write in english speaking sub-reddit ? 
  like you do n't care about our complains as we will not care about yours . 
  he does n't know what he 's talking about , i would n't bother asking any questions about anything . 
   if i was greek or latvian i would rather live under a new soviet union than the merkelreich . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about so surely i can say go straight and *** yourself . 
  any times soon ? 
  not yet . 
  but i do expect it to come one time or another . 
  though i would say for beginning we should start a smaller regional unions ( e.g. 
  baltic , nordic , german speaking ( no third reich , hue ) and so on . 
  i know that . 
  you just came back to your natural home . 
  russia is successor state of ussr . 
  those people lived in gdl and then plc far longer than in russian empire . 
  but i agree poland wanted to conquer ex commonwealth which were under russian empire before ww1 territories . 
  baltics being benelux heh . 
  rus ' is a lot different from russia . 
  polish claim on danzig also was laughable . 
   and most lithuanians i met on reddit are butthurt about history of their capital , especially censuses from before the wwii . 
  i have no idea why we 're . 
  i 'm myself amazed when some people show `` hate ? '', 
  for polish people when not even a single one ever touched him . 
  most of them are `` not that well smart when it comes to things '' though so i do n't mind their ignorance . 
   what facts can you give to debunk this [ 1 ] ? 
  it took soviets ' ethnic cleanses to lower percentage of poles below 50 % . 
  i ca n't defend what soviets did and i hate them as much as you do , if not for our partisans who fought after ww2 and `` our '' communists we would have had bigger russian minority just like estonia and latvia does . 
   `` our land '' because that 's how poles viewed it . 
  i do n't understand how can you view land which never was directly in polish possession . 
  and north korea is same free country !, 
  hail our great supreme leader kim !, 
  taking other thing all germans wanted is to stand on their feet again , hitler was reason why germany got on it 's feet so it made sense to have big support vote . 
  the same way putin works , brain-wash , but that does n't mean all of them were evil . 
  why not older form of ussr - soviet russia h\u0119h\u0119h\u0119h\u0119, 
  well i 'm butt hurted and i know it when i get attacked by polish redditors/trolls who just wants to keep fight over who had bigger claim over vilnius/wilno even if you gave them facts they would just say `` but they spoke polish so it 's ours !!! '', 
  if it was n't for union with poland i think vilnius/wilno would be belarussian speaking since we were frigging minority in our own country and had to adapt other written forms because we did n't had ours even though our language existed till like xiv c.  why do you think i want wilno back ? 
  most poles i met on reddit are the ones that cry for wilno/vilnius . 
  grandpa come back here , time for your medicine !, 
  my pleasure . 
  i do know that game plus seems nice of you . 
  ;d any way i wonder what would happened if we did n't had wars with muscovites , since it was main reason why we were pushed into union with poland . 
  it 's good time for us keep maintain good relations before we become irrelevant in world stage . 
  no problem , you should definitely do it . 
  plc was n't just a simple country in middle of europe . 
  long story short it was more populous than grand duchy of lithuania , hell even lithuanian 's themselves become minority and since we did n't had our written form ( even though our language existed for centuries ) before like xiv c. we had to use ruthenian and then replaced by polish after union , iirc our language was n't even official but used in official documents in parts of gdl . 
  then szlachta privileges became big thing in lithuania so embracing polish culture and language was giving easier way to achieve it . 
  tl ; dr becoming minority in your own country is shiet . 
  what ever , in the end we won . 
  vilnius is ours so deal with it . 
  since when common citizen who did nothing wrong has to suffer of psychopath ? 
  that 's why i put brackets . 
  russians get butthurt when you say it was them who occupied us . 
  did you really said that ? 
  was n't viewed as lithuania because poland was butt-licking france ass in league of nations , while france was back licking your crouch for hopes of making stronger ally against germany in future wars . 
  oh piss off already , i 'm done with you , i see no point arguing when you 're completely blind and can not see bigger picture . 
  not really , out side of [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_occupation_of_lithuania_during_world_war_ii ) . 
  and about [ jews in lithuania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_lithuania ) during ww2 . 
  yeah sure . 
  what ever you say mate . 
  just like today 's russia defending all those innocent russians . 
   those poles were under danger of oppresion ... you really think they would not be treated as enemies after you started attacking us ? 
   for an example poles from kaunas were n't treated well . 
  if lithuania was a finnish-styled bilingual state , we probably would let you to own it . 
  be thankful for your savior , lithuanian family descendent josef pilsudski for showing nothing but aggresion towards us . 
  if you acted like allies to us instead of absolute `` we were united once ... we want your land now '' i think there would n't be stories about lithuania soldier biting polish soldiers ear in bar of vilnius/wilno . 
  the only reason we allied with soviets in interbellum period was to secure our independence , ww2 gave ussr clear shot without anyone giving a single f * ck on us while nazi germany was taking over france . 
  it 's hard to argue if ussr was just russian empire v2 since polish-lithuanian commonwealth was pretty much same , polish was dominant language as so their culture but it was n't called polish empire . 
  and half of belgium is french , part of switzerland is is german , french , italian etc etc. 
  what right you think you had to take away land which never was yours ? 
  our grand duchy of lithuania , samogotia and ruthenia was multi-ethnic did people fought against each other ? 
  while poland wanted to dominate over so called equal partners . 
  all poland wanted is to restore \u017de\u010dpospolita , it was as imperialistic as other neighbouring nations . 
  russian soviet federative socialist republic actually ; , 
  and russia was innocent littler country back then who did n't spread blood over foreign lands . 
  i see someone wants to be nordic hard . 
  do n't forget to invite us and poland into this party , we go fast and clear . 
   [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cisa17r.jpg ) is a really ugly sketch of my idea . 
  i personally do n't really like it , it has one color too many i think . 
  but i think it 's more in the right direction . 
  you created a frankenstein 's monster, 
  i already had him [ tagged ] ( http://prntscr.com/8kn68x ) from older posts , it helps to ignore such fools . 
  i think they were , same like finland was baltic state after ww1 . 
  we had it , we do n't want it any more . 
  stop lying , we need more ikea 's !, 
  union of k\u0117dainiai , never forget . 
  do n't want another caliphate years eh ? 
  i always love watching everything being white through window while listening to nice music , so relaxing . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  can you explain ? 
  who the fuck asks to join prison and must act like normal citizen in order to stay in prison while getting money out of it ... fuck man are you trolling or just drunk ? 
  i knew you would stay with your baltic bros aka aestii < 3, 
  to mock turkey .
