  k\u00f6nigsberg is a german word , kr\u00f2lewiec is a polish one . 
  you do n't need to join cool kid club to be cool . 
  you make yourself look cool to others . 
  and by the way , you wan na tell me that baltics are not cool ? 
  `` 2x what the fuck dude . 
  this `` encircling russia with nato countries ? '', 
  is russia made up reason . 
  all of the countries that joined nato after fall of ussr did this because they would never be occupied again , especially by russia , to make sure they do n't get under someones boot . 
   ... back at being a baltic country . 
  ; ... hard work to make us `` nordic '' wasted ... what the fuck dude . 
  i do n't really think any of baltic states fear this , since we 're in eu , nato and more importantly , which people tend to forget - eurozone . 
  this is nothing more than a fart to make ethnic russians feel less safe in baltic states , but i 'm pretty sure that estonian/latvian ethnic russians are not really into putins propaganda , even though they got ghost-passports ( neither rf nor baltic state citizens ) which helps them to travel through europe and see what 's what . 
  in the end this is just another tool for propaganda . 
  nah , estonia is bestonia , we 're old l33thuania . 
  never heard about this =d, 
  only if you make this time lithuanian one of the official languages in commonwealth ;p, 
  that 's why we need you oh great usa !, 
  one of my group mates got drafted , he was more than happy . 
  all i can say that `` men expressing their feelings against mandatory military service in lithuania '' are just puppets for journalist/news to attract more readers or to get a bit more famous . 
  at last , the tanks which are welcomed not feared . 
  thank you usa . 
  what a terrible proverb . 
  sorry but it is . 
  nicely done bestonia !, 
  thank you for that . 
  it 's probably flag of [ lithuania minor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=flag_of_lithuania#/media/file:flag_of_lithuania_minor.svg ) . 
  karaliau\u010dius ( kaliningradas ) is rightful baltic empire clay therefore lithuanian clay !, 
  `` some shitty eastern european '' what an asshole you 're . 
  the thing is that when napoleon came moscow was burn down . 
   remind me , when was moscow occupied the last time ? 
  i guess at 1610 by polish-lithuanian commonwealth force . 
  happy national day , iceland !, 
  i have a dream that one day religion would not have any power here . 
  not a teenager , every european nation that had been touched by russia once . 
  do n't really care , they already have a lot of them . 
  they 're delicious indeed , just yesterday i ate them . 
  `` cepelinai su spirgu\u010diais '' would definetly make usa fat . 
  when it goes for europe and baltic states , it really goes for peace and freedom . 
  a lot closer to moscow and easier time on `` nato invade '' ... 
  we 're not even spending 2 % , i do n't really see problem here . 
  we either way are going to make 2 % so that is n't problem for us i guess . 
  we love you usa !, 
  i remember reading somewhere ( back in school days ) that after napoleon retreated back to vilnius few of the army men were so starving that they killed a dog and ate it ... 
  pretty cruel . 
  i have no idea why i even up-vote it . 
  but kinda made me laugh . 
  i prefer euro . 
  vytis is just good on anything . 
  excuse me ? 
  nobody says it supose to belong to someone , i would rather see it independent from anyone . 
  now , stop trolling right here . 
  2x til !, 
  * v\u0117\u017eliai , you filthy polak !, 
  only western europe sees americanism as bad thing because they got no idea what 's behind in east . 
  because some people might think we 're usa puppets . 
  please do n't go :(, 
  well if that 's the case with poland it 's pretty much the case with lithuania . 
  i ca n't really see us being e. european , not politicaly or even culturally , we have nothing in common with them . 
  we 're not nordic or eastern , we 're just northern european . 
  we have nothing in common with nordic or eastern europe , only thing that comes close to is history and that 's all . 
  we speak different branch of language , we have different culture and so on . 
  and so is poland then . 
  you ai n't central . 
  i would just ignore this . 
  no point in listening them . 
  callapse of soviet union was n't peaceful , even though we did n't use any a single force , our people got rolled over by soviet tanks . 
  you will brother , soon enough :3, 
  well in our language it would be baton\u0117lis =d, 
  that 's the plan to annoy swedes even more . 
  well in our language white bread is called `` batonas '' and it does n't have a direct english translate either i think . 
  but would n't that cause them to migrate to your country ? 
  seems like both \u0160iauliai and radvili\u0161kis are safe from flood , phew . 
  join * homo nazi gay jewish union which is controlled by usa * and i 'm sure some norwegians will appear on that list :p, 
  would be really great if they did . 
  just parts of it . 
  we got it long time ago , brother . 
  history and culture geography places us at least in central europe and then northern europe , the only time we had any history with eastern europe was when russia grew too strong and started beating shit out of us and then occupy us for next +100 years , then again same goes for ussr ( aka russian empire ) for next 50 years . 
  to me it 's cold war thing , it shows who were ex-commies ( russias vassals ) , that 's one of the reason why we do n't like being placed in eastern europe , people gives us russian stereotype even though we do n't have any similarities at all with russians . 
  use pr\u016bsai , a lot more baltic sound . 
  composers , literature and their friendly attitude . 
  mostly encountered a very friendly russians , but it does n't change the fact that they always have one of the most hateful leaders in the world . 
  i mostly think good about russians , they have great culture , history . 
  love you too . 
  hope finland and sweden join in near future . 
  those guys are crucial for our security to be stronger . 
  had once a beer with him , he 's indeed friendly . 
  not only it 's easier to spell i for some reason find it more fit as translate . 
  was sometime ago in tel\u0161iai , can confirm lowlanders have cute girls . 
  you can like both sides , imagine possibilities ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  one day you will reach americans freedom , one day . 
  ca n't pagans into nordic ? 
  o , o, 
  we need your lordi back . 
  i ca n't explain that because i do n't know how eu might bailout ukraine out of russia 's hands . 
  that gang in power choose russia not eu , when they promised to their own people that they will come closer to eu that 's the reason why euromaiden started . 
  your russia is pure cancer to europe , how can you not see that but what i expect , you 're typical russian  i am happy with the ukrainian situation right now our russian brothers in the east will still breath and i am perfectly fine with the frozen conflict . 
  the ones that came out of nowhere ? 
  like really out of frigging nowhere . 
  ye show how happy you 're that ukrainians are suffering because of some another shitty russian leader because ukraine choose west instead of always rotting russia . 
  that 's pretty surprising that they did n't do that long ago .
