   what does n't exist ? 
  god, 
  well i 'm okay with these , but i find it stupid to believe in something that does n't exist and fallow his rules just because some dude thousand years ago started a list of rules . 
  you just take time on it . 
  one language can help learn other in future . 
   take us in eu already . 
   if only we could . 
   believing in god obliges you to obey certain rules . 
  like ? 
  as much as you can make excuses for it , we did pretty much what poland was doing . 
  better accept it and move on . 
  he 's talking about taking over vilnius/wilno from lithuanians and us taking over klaip\u0117da / memelland from league of nations which was taken from german empire . 
  do n't you see he 's butthurted polish over vilnius . 
  he wants to point out that it had polish majority and was in polish possestion . 
  well i would like to see them united , since that 's the point today is to get european countries to be as close as possible so we could stand in world stage . 
  well this is true , the first american soldier fallen in to battle while protecting the baltic states will make usa go load and clear on russia . 
  ^ ^ at ^ ^ least ^ ^ i ^ ^ hope ^ ^ they ^ ^ will . 
  ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ amerika-senpai , ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ forget ^ ^ ^ us !, 
  if only we could . 
  them some people are mean when it comes to poland and lithuania relations . 
   response to what they see as aggressive encroachment by nato into russia 's `` sphere of influence , '' can russia just fu * k off already . 
  we do n't belong to them and they have no right to command what to do . 
  if i remember currectly `` you '' said sorry after we gained our independence . 
  send the saxons and we shall fight the reds once again . 
  well do n't you remember that we caught russian spy which was in our military ranks ? 
  it 's obivious they will try to have them everywhere . 
  i wonder what fate of eastern europe would be if nazis did n't happen and whole europe united against evil in the east . 
  what 's wrong with it , may a\u0161 ask ? 
  needs to become kingdom and give throne to lithuanian noble . 
  he was n't wrong at writing it , but it sound so funny . 
  well yeah nazi period was probably darkest . 
  but nazis in lithuania specificly choose nationalists or other evil people who would deal with local jewish population in order to make thing - `` ordinary people wanted them gone '' . 
   feel the smell what ? 
  i do n't really see how you can be proud of your country . 
  you 're just a citizen of specific country in which you were born . 
  you can truly be only proud of your accomplishments not what other did in past . 
  but if i needed to answer question , yes , i 'm . 
  since lithuanians were never good at making evil . 
  be proud bro , if not memelland/klaip \u0117da region where all the books and book smugglers aka `` knygne\u0161iai '' came , our language would probably did n't survive against harsh russifaction policies that russian empire took on us . 
  not hitler but more nazi germany that fallowed hitler . 
  i can feel all that freedom above me . 
  i ca n't hear you over all these eu moneys we getting . 
  thank god we got nato . 
  usa army here is best day of our lives . 
  and if you think we 're puppets , when it 's better to be puppet of usa than poor and everyones forgotten russia . 
  you kidding me ? 
  nobody in lithuania is even mentioning about kalainigrad , it 's forgotten land full of russians and bigger russian minority like in latvia and estonia is is least what we want . 
  battle of saule and battle of grunwald , best day of my life !, 
  for fallen baltic brothers !, 
  except gudija . 
  partitions of poland . 
  i guess , when austria , prussia and russia started to take over polish-lithuanian commonwealth territory and annex it bit by bit because of mismanagement of inside . 
  second from right and dude behind him looks most badass . 
  hehehe, 
  what is this / u/ama _ deo being nice to lithuanians ? 
  what a heresy . 
  that was my first thought too . 
  from what ? 
  this is just few people , which are irrelevant . 
  true , but i do n't really see lithuania or for that matter baltic states saying `` fuck eu '' . 
  he uses both minorities to get himself elected . 
  at least we 're not known ... 
  i did n't downvote you ... only for that part of trolling , because i was n't trolling . 
  here you go mr. butthurt . 
  are you so stupid or what ? 
  they 're allowed now if they 're in both languages . 
  and it 's guys problem for not knowing law about street names . 
  if a thief said that he did n't know that stealing is illegal would that make him immune from law ? 
  we do not disrespect you , what is this ? 
  where you get this from ? 
  irrelevant things make us disrespect you ? 
  oh yeah like poland fallow eu rules * caught * eurozone * caught * . 
  look at the date of this report ( january 9 , 2014 ) ... 
  i do n't know why are you so butt-hurted . 
  your minority lives perfect lives as any other lithuanian . 
  we do allow double street names ... about names you use latters that are not in our alphabet , but i 'm not so sure why they 're not allowed . 
  you call that an insult ? 
  this was purely made for laughs , not to insult . 
  i ca n't really give source on v. tomaszewski about getting paid , i just heard about it . 
   massmedias and authorities completly ignores our minorities , emmigrants or the whole diaspora . 
  only once donald came to meet with polish lithuanians and as he always does , he made alot of promises and all of them were lies . 
  this is the only reason we keep positive relations and it 's your gov , with your president which are sh ... ing on that since they know that we 'll do nothing about it . 
  are you trolling or what ? 
  maybe drunk from all that vodka . 
   if you would n't mistreat the polish minority , forbid them to use their language , close schools and insult in your massmedias , then maybe tomaszewski would n't cooperate with russian minority . 
  we do n't do that to the lithuanians , they have all minority rights like in the other eu countrties even if they live just in few villages . 
  he indeed said alot of bs , but you actually talking a lot of bs yourself when it comes to todays polish minority in lithuania . 
  we do not miss treat our polish minority , that 's total lie . 
  we do not forbid their language . 
  we close not only polish schools , we do not insult them in our media ( where the fuck this even comes from lol ) , tomaszewski does n't cooperate with russian minority , he uses both of them to get himself elected , so he could sh * t on our relations ( kremlin provides him money for that ) . 
  besides i do n't understand why you think we miss treat them ... like what the hell . 
  is your media saying that ? 
  while you completly believing that ? 
  why would we want to fuck eu ? 
  but you got no potatoe !, 
  our minorities are n't allied with russia , they just vote for waldemar tomaszewski because he brings false promises and just tries to create as much problems as possible . 
  i never encountered any lithuanian that wanted to talk about commonwealth . 
  because people do n't really know that it even existed , since they 're not into history . 
  lithuanian language existed , but it had no written form so we adopted ruthenian which was spoken and had written form in none-baltic parts of gdl . 
  lithuanians are friendly to foreigners , including polish , nobody actually gives two sh * ts about our conlfict in past .
