  karaliau\u010dius is k\u00f6nigsberg in our language . 
  dummy :d, 
  sadly they got break-away region for long time now . 
  just annex them already and all this bs would be over !!, 
   it was a ** noble republic ** actually . 
  how hard it 's to actually read ? 
  moldova is moldova , it was part of romania which ussr annexed , moldavian speak same language as romanians and i hope they both would unite again but there is too much problems economically on each other to make it happen and etc. 
  i do n't think either side would mind not being same country . 
   we allow the country georgia to exist usa - georgia - it was established in 1732 . 
  kingdom of georgia was a medieval monarchy established in 975 . 
  tell me more about it ... ? 
  well polish commonwealth was only used in later part of commonwealths existence because of how heavily our nobles got self-polonized . 
  so calling commonwealth more polish was n't wrong because it was dominating culture and language wise . 
  though today 's lithuania 's are who actually were called lithuania 's thousand years ago unlike macedonian 's who inherited land from hellenic 's . 
  for me not , it has a bit of tongue twist . 
  language wise , maybe , we have same ancestors , by dna/genes , we 're far closer to scandinavia and finno-ugrics than slavs . 
  that makes a bit of sense , but soviet would be more common since we got occupied and forced into them as lithuanian soviet republic . 
  your statement is actually stupid too . 
  well as much as greeks are butt hurt they 're not wrong . 
  erm ... what ? 
  i would assume former soviet republic of lithuania , but not polish lol, 
  at least we can into euromonies , debtish kebab !, 
   pohui rly ... why do i know this word very well, 
  just say `` gib wilno '' and you will see massive out-rage . 
  * checks flair * wait a minute . 
  because you 're a girl . 
   did n't mean anything wrong pls do n't judge me :(, 
  stop mocking our flag !, 
  ^ ^ ^ vytis ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ come ^ ^ ^ back, 
  good luck with that . 
  shhhh , it 's all about usa . 
  usa is all that matters . 
  there is a thing called usa . 
  one person thoughts do n't show everyone 's opinion on this matter . 
  best of luck to you , catalans !, 
  do n't bother to respond to him , he 's well known obvious troll over fe sub-reddits . 
  last baltic prussian language existence ended in somewhere xviii century . 
  dont bother to respond , his acc is clearly created for trolling . 
  get out , you 're clearly trolling right now . 
  but we 're getting euromonies o.o, 
  duchy * we 're not weeddudes . 
  plus fuck commonwealth , union of k\u0117dainiai would been best day of my life !, 
  jk love you < 3, 
  i 'd like to join it if i can . 
  not surprised , but it 's a shame such things are happening . 
  you should learn more deep on why estonians do n't want any foreigners living in their country . 
   but the language associates you with eastern europe erm ... no . 
  the only thing e. europe brought to our language is their nice curse-words . 
  do n't ask , just enjoy . 
  this is nothing but waldemar tomaszewski plan to make polish and lithuanian relations as spicy as it can , i do n't see it as news as he always wants to bring up the most irrelevant thing between us to make us hate each other again for no bloody reason . 
  well our culture is definitely central european . 
  we 're similar to northern european too . 
  sadly we 're more seen as e. europeans because of su and commie block past . 
  you came from europe , never forget . 
  did you got butt hurted ? 
  or just salty a little bit ? 
  then so are you . 
  let 's all be soviet now . 
  not like they were wrong tho . 
  you 're so negative . 
  you can guess what you want , while we hope for the best . 
  you got ta be joking . 
  not only we 're ally for usa , they got troops here . 
  imagine shit-storm back home . 
  plus it would mean end to nato and usa hegemony . 
  well history tells us that w. europe becomes pretty irrelevant in moments of help . 
  they 're too weak compare to usa . 
  all i can say we have far more positive stuff about them than negative . 
   all russia, 
  rf denies many things . 
  \\ - tsar of all russia putler . 
  [ nokia 3220 ] ( http://www.mobile-review.com/review/image/nokia/3220/allcolor.jpg ) was part of my younger childhood , really brings up some memories of some mobile games . 
  got it around 2007 . 
  about phone - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nokia_3220, 
  do n't lie , i know that you burning all your food at the moment , especially those that came from amerikan-satellite-facist-neo-nazi-baltic-states . 
  your dumb ass politicians are with our gold , while you starve in street as every common russian . 
  who gives a shit about your tzar , here he 's nothing more than maggot who tried his best to russify non-russian parts and heavily failed at it . 
  as long as they keep our soil safe from russian invasion i 'm happy seeing them here . 
  i do n't have any other opinion on this matter . 
  that was a joke , relax . 
   local alliances are possible if you cared about sovereignty that 's why i thank god for nato . 
   and war is n't fought with numbers anymore . 
  because russia would lose it instantly so of course it wo n't play by old rules of war . 
   there is no threat to the baltics because we 're in eu and nato , it deterrents all that threat . 
  ukraine was n't in eu and nato , look how much of good came out of it . 
   the only threat posed is towards the russian minority because of all this fear mongering . 
  nobody is fucking fear warmongering russian minority here , they live happy lives as any other citizen of our country , hell i have russian neighbours and they live perfectly good . 
   just like you could n't care less about your country . 
  i do care about my country , plus at least we have president who cares , not putin who sent innocent russians to fight for his money  no wonder you need someone else to defend it . 
  3 mil vs 100 ~ mil , ofc we need help . 
  i thought you were n't so retarded when it came to math . 
  yeah given and ultimatum to let su have bases in our countries or invaded and annihilated from european ground , so faking welcomed you here that we greeted nazis with flowers after first year of su occupation . 
  what 's wrong with those ? 
  i could n't care less about it . 
  you do know soviets actually tried to deny rest of occupied territories national identity and create their own soviet identity with russian language being primary ? 
   but then so should the kaliningrad oblast probably be . 
  well kaliningrad is not aligned with eu/nato or west in general and does n't have observer status in nordic council or history with rest of northern europe . 
  and for us you will be mini-america :\\ ^ ), 
  still something . 
  stop feeding that terrible troll , brother .
