  stop defending ussr , it was lesser evil and that 's all . 
   one 's liberty is to be killed without one 's consent , which is what the nazis wanted to do which is exectly what soviets did to baltic states and other soviet places . 
   how about you look up ` generaplan ost ' and see what the soviet union did to save east europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_priboi not even counting how much other crimes they did , just use google for once . 
  nazis were worse ofcourse , but soviets were n't any better with their red army coming in to rape every women they see . 
  they did exectly what nazis were doing , just a lot slower way . 
  sweden just wants to be inbetween , always . 
  short answer : we manage to unite in time , it was easy to expand territory to east after kievan rus ' was devastated by mongols so we got a lot of free land and men to send them off to defend western side of lithuania , plus after poland realized it made great mistake on inviting to to deal with pagan balts ( including us ) it started to lean on allying with us , so pretty much poland and lithuania together fought off teutonic order and so manage to defend their sovereignty . 
  after to fall livonia became just another piece of land which you , we and russia fought for . 
  edit : would suggest reading on web rather than taking answers from comments if you really want good answer . 
  while we dunked out communism , poland did rock it out . 
  0 , except kebabs , those are yummy, 
  not without causing yet another world war . 
  well at least you now know who are were your allies and who is true enemy of your sovereignty . 
  wish you best and for your country . 
  let me guess , the guy was russian ? 
  jesus , poor animal . 
  true that , though i never said we 're going to unite in first place , i just said it has biggest chance of all three . 
   we do n't like the idea of having to slave excuse me ? 
  i do n't really see problem with it , if i get drafted next year i would go with head on , on it . 
  so may i ask why ? 
  not going to happen . 
  lithuania-latvia , though the most possible of all three . 
  feeling forgotten , kinda . 
  yeah , just this time they 're more like facists , not communists . 
  [ this ] ( http://prntscr.com/8sc9px ) says everything . 
  agree . 
  lithuanian-latvian common ~ ~ wealth ~ ~ potato !, 
  he 's not taking it back , he 's trying to prevent it from decaying . 
  belarus is the only country in europe that is left as influential part of ex-ussr . 
  do n't ask about logic in russian made videos . 
  at least they forgot about us . 
  phew . 
  russian name for the city while being in russian empire . 
  apparently we 're finno-ugrians . 
  yeah ... not like surprise for us ... 
  two words - forced communism . 
  feels bad man . 
  occupied *, 
  do n't forget new lovely people you got !, 
   just i want them to treat poles not as subhumans . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  what kind of brainwash propaganda you read ? 
  after ww2 i agree , there was soviet anti-polish propaganda in lithuania and vise versa , it 's taught in history books . 
  even without soviets we would n't have solve our issue , since france was always behind your back and you had big nationalistic plan for poland . 
  stole from who ? 
  last time i remember the only reason you got hands on vilnius was because france was butt-licking your asshole . 
  beside we do n't oppress your minority and we do tolerate them , sadly your minority is too blind and `` dumb '' that they manage to fallow pro-kremlin politican who is hated as hell , he only suck money out of his party projects , while promising absolute lies . 
  i do n't understand why are you so nationalistic , like poles are something very special minority that must be treated like kings . 
  edit : i hate people like you who do n't know jack shit about minority in lithuania and talk something they know absolute nothing about , bilingual street names , help god what injustice , they all going die because of this . 
  so what now ? 
  you should annex it ? 
  or just support russians to annex us like you support nazi germany in case of battles between lithuania and nazi germany over memel/klaip \u0117da region ? 
  how does russia has to do anything with it ? 
  our very first fight was after we broke off from russian empire and started contesting vilnius/wilno/vilna region . 
  plus after \u017beligowski 's mutiny vilnius was not very nice place to live for lithuanians . 
   lithuanian cultural activities in polish controlled territories were limited and the closure of lithuanian newspapers and the arrest of their editors occurred . 
  one of them -- mykolas bir\u017ei\u0161ka was accused of state treason and sentenced to the death penalty and only the direct intervention by the league of nations saved him from being executed . 
  he was one of 32 lithuanian and belarusian cultural activists formally expelled from vilnius on september 20 , 1922 and deported to lithuania . 
  in 1927 , as tensions between lithuania and poland increased , 48 additional lithuanian schools were closed and another 11 lithuanian activists were deported . 
  following pi\u0142sudski 's death in 1935 , the lithuanian minority in poland again became an object of polonisation policies with greater intensity . 
  266 lithuanian schools were closed after 1936 and almost all lithuanian organizations were banned . 
  further polonisation ensued as the government encouraged settlement of polish army veterans in the disputed regions . 
  about 400 lithuanian reading rooms and libraries were closed in poland between 1936 and 1938 . 
  following the 1938 polish ultimatum to lithuania , lithuania re-established diplomatic relations with poland and efforts to polonize lithuanians living in poland decreased somewhat . 
  there was a reason for that . 
  most of them , even your own pilsudski came from lithuanian nobility or just had roots in it . 
  i do n't see how problem like this should even matter or have anything to do with oppression ... 
   opressing our minority is this some kind of joke ? 
   that 's the point of treaties . 
  which , of course , should make you highly selective who you make your treaties with . 
  turkey should nave had no place in a rationally picked nato . 
  nato does n't include to protect over-sea territory . 
  turkey is very strategic ally . 
   do you think the scandinavians would n't have your backs ? 
  what about poland ? 
  what about germany ? 
  and do n't you think a few 100 of tactical nuclear weapons under your command send a strong message ? 
  and who exactly should attack ? 
  certainly not russia . 
  nordics , maybe , poland definitely , germany not if it 's not good deal same applies to rest of western countries , if they do n't see good deal out of it they wo n't send army to die if nato actually will be broken . 
   and who exactly should attack ? 
  certainly not russia . 
  the only country in history that was aggressive , was russia . 
  sitting under it 's foot for 123 years and seeing your language and universities banned is not good memory , i do n't even want to start with soviet unions crimes . 
   the us military is a paper tiger . 
  look at its track record , it is really embarassing . 
  of course there are nukes , but everybody can kill everybody with nukes , given the massive overkill capacity . 
  easy as pi . 
  usa is sending some troops here to train and so on and their hardware , it can be on paper , but population will scream for vengeance once few hundred of american soldiers fall by an invasion force . 
   i think you 've got an occupation trauma going for you here . 
  i might be mistaken , of course , but there was a reason su imploded and russia is in position to expand . 
  but they 're going to push back if nato/us keeps pushing in , and see nukes . 
  you really really do n't want to provoke a world-ending event like that , and these sabre-rattling idiots in turkey are making me nervous . 
  what occupation ? 
  did nato send ultimatum to let establish base on baltic soil , rig elections and say you know join glorious motherland nato ? 
  we begged to be in , into nato , we joined by our own , not by force . 
  the only reason su fall is because it did n't had an economy or army to hold occupied territories it got from post ww2 . 
  `` russia in position to expand '' - you just said they 're ready to invade . 
   but they 're going to push back if nato/us keeps pushing in , and see nukes .
