  you have my full support . 
  it does n't matter how rich they 're , wo n't ruin my life with a pig . 
  and you know what european greatest gift was to you ? 
  your very existence as a nation , you 're pretty much europeans in denial in other side of the world . 
  sadly it 's not . 
  funny we curse very bilingually ( make it polish , german , russian , english or whatever ) since our language is so passive-aggressive when it comes to curse words . 
  curse words are the only thing that it 's useful from your language . 
  now i want to live in sweden more than ever . 
  feelsbadman, 
  wish turkey was into eu , you make tasty food !, 
  for baltic states -  estonia - 6 % latvia - 11.3 % lithuania - 14 %, 
  1795-1918 - [ freedom ] -1940 -1990 pretty much being under russian empire and then nazi germany/soviet union, 
  women are not any different mate , there is every kind of people in this world . 
  that too , though they 're not as close to moscow as baltic states are . 
  sanctions are hurting common russian not putin , why would he wave nuke for that . 
  russia would just wave it 's nukes like they always do . 
   russia does n't want a nato country on it 's border . 
  latvia and estonia borders russian border . 
  lithuania borders russians enclave - kaliningrad . 
  moldova already had and still have break away region which is full of russians for years now . 
  ethnic russian who lives in moldova , who pretends to be serbian nationalist . 
  because most of us would n't understand cyrillic even if it was written . 
  yes . 
  smells familiar . 
  eesti do n't do what we do . 
  this is sad moment . 
  this was actually hilarious . 
  all of us are as north as denmark . 
  excuse me ? 
  i just listed few reasons why we have doubts about them being well integrated into european style society . 
   do n't worry , lithuania would n't be much affected . 
  true but germany will , economy will , eurozone will , therefore lithuania will . 
    i seriously have to laugh when europeans go apeshit just because a few thousand refugees came to their country . 
  it 's absurd . 
  there is reason for that . 
  name it , religion , political view , fear of terrorists in western europe or economical immigrants . 
   if the eu keeps doing nothing in support of the refugee crisis in turkey , jordan and lebanon , eu should expect many more refugees . 
  eu is united cluster f * - k , it 's quite hard when you have so many little countries telling their opinions on crisis . 
  we did nothing wrong !, 
  why punish us . 
  well they mention only czech republic and slovakia , talking about other ee states , even if we consider baltics being one of them , we ( baltics ) would never leave schengen . 
  \u017de\u010dpospolita of federal united kingdom of the forth reich . 
  well deserved spain , congratzs . 
  we do , we just need to hide our tears . 
  shit time to hire some polish hussars for protection . 
  that 's the point . 
  mexicans will find far easier time to integrate than those middle-east people . 
  mexicans have tons of more common with europeans than those muslims from middle-east . 
   sveiki well you know lithuanian word too now . 
  this should have been done long ago , but you did n't want to play nice . 
  our banks . 
   because territories of belerus were `` lithuania '' for over 1000 years ? 
  belerus is creation of soviets . 
  lies . 
   read history on wiki page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belarus#early_history which tells that they 're ruthenians not lithuanians . 
   though i do n't know how beleruslans now think of it after generations of `` soviet education '' . 
  something like this russians tried in poland along with germans when they partitioned poland . 
  not really . 
   yeah he was . 
  but you do n't wage war with your brothers which he essentially did . 
  we 're not brothers , we were just allies . 
   imo it is just dowry from red army . 
  because bielarus should n't even exist and simply be lithuania along with current lithuania . 
  may i ask why ? 
   pilsudski was born in current lithuania/bielarus region named vilniaus kra\u0161tas not only that he was from noble lithuania family who spoke polish , he was pretty much what adam mickiewicz was '' \u017de\u010dpospolita '' guy . 
  so polish-lithuanian war was far deeper than just vilnius/wilno region . 
   i wonder why lithuania has such a low score as well . 
  interbellum period fucked our relations . 
  so it makes us all criminals now ? 
  seems bad idea , would understand in western parts but not eastern . 
  well in north-central lithuania euromonies are everywhere it 's like desert to eyes . 
  agree brother . 
  oceania is not a continent . 
  how are we first among equals ? 
  because we 're not criminals who illegally try to cross borders ? 
  not we would n't . 
  difference we would be thankful and would actually work like any other normal european would do . 
  i do n't know why are you getting down votes that 's seems nice of you and your teacher . 
   most east europeans are just racists and dont like other ethnicities or religions . 
  i 'm pretty sure you never been in at least one ee country . 
  i know there is anime about countries in the world , but i just can not find it . 
   estonia and latvia are pretty much equally slavic , and lithuania is least how so , because they have larger russian minority ? 
  well of course it 's too early , but we 're catching up quite fast so i 'm pretty sure we might see this someday . 
  hope so . 
  well i did mention that in second sentence . 
  well after ww1 sure , btw why you write novels instead of nobles . 
  auto-correct ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but it seems that being pole , lithuanian or russia was determined in which land you were born no matter what language you spoke or which culture you embraced . 
  no ... but ... 
  i 'm kind of ... german maybe ... 
  i feel some kind connection to it . 
  not sure about my roots . 
  because you pointed out propaganda and laughed as if it was real . 
  that `` lol '' at the end of the sentence sounded like you wanted to show hate towards poles . 
  my bad . 
  there was n't really a nationality back then so saying they became poles is hard . 
  it 's a bad thing , what the hell . 
   an average pole rather hates kremlin , but not the russians . 
  this says everything about us . 
  all sh * t talk from here goes about putin and kremlin , not about average russian .
