  we love you more !, 
  everything is normal , move on people . 
  they did . 
  `` russia : you just there it should be slavic comrade '' :\\ ^ ), 
  \u0160\u0161\u0161\u0161\u0161\u0161 , let the little ivan dream . 
  we would take it with our plessure !, 
  we all do , we all do . 
  the thing is we did n't had hidden sh * t when we joined euro like greece did . 
  wait a minute , what kind of violations lithuania and latvia manage to do ? 
  which for some reason estonians did n't . 
  that 's a total bullsh * t mate . 
  nobody hates muslims here at least as far as i know , those are stories you hear are probably made because some drunk neo-dumb-nazi thinking he 's nazi and can be xenophobic or racist , those are instantly arrested . 
  we just do n't want any illegal immigrants in our country that 's all . 
  besides i rather like to see turkey in eu because it 's important ally of west and you 're in nato which is big plus , sadly there is still some things to change in order to get into our yurop club . 
  how the hell polish minority cooperating with russian minority , they elect pro-kremlin puppet who calls himself polish and promise `` promises '' who never happen to happen . 
   su actually invested in baltic states industry , gave jobs , economy real sector , etc. . 
  i do n't really like argue about alter - `` economy '' but su did n't do anything special for us , we ar not like central asian parts of ussr who lived pretty much in woods . 
  can defend ussr as much as you want , but it will always be remembered as terror and dark times . 
  i do not condemn centralized planned economy system , i condemn the fact we were part of ussr and had our economy been played by them . 
   for example , what makes you thing that lithuania if you had n't have the soviet system would be richer in 1991 than it was ? 
  because we were at same level of economy as other western nations . 
  finland would be prime example . 
   also why lithuania right now is not as rich as it should , when even after most devastating wars most countries under stable had recovered in under 10 years ? 
  this question can be asked in any other e. european country , communism did n't work for sh * t. it 's hard to recover as being small nation compare to other smaller countries who manage to be independent , who got aid from marshals plan after ww2 . 
   rep. of lithuania does n't have a right to own whole gdl history . 
  jesus dude you still do n't get it do you ? 
  belarus was part of gdl and its part always mentioned in our history books . 
  what i 'm talking are about is litvinist - dude who claims belarus is the ** only rightful ** heir of gdl history and that todays lithuanians are just artificial history thief 's . 
   duh not even half of lithuanias spoke so called `` lithuanian '' language excuse me ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  it was different , because by time language will always evolve . 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  edit : g.d. official name was grand duchy of lithuania , samogitia and ruthenia , but litvinist claim it was purely slavic states , that grand dukes were belarussians as it 's shown in this video . 
  because this video was created by litvinists who claim they 're true grand duchy of lithuania . 
  it really did . 
  what the fuck are you spitting out of your mouth at the moment . 
  we did n't fuck up your minority , it seems that you blindly fallow what media is telling you so they could make more money . 
  how so ? 
  well nobody really care about vilnius or commonwealth here , it 's just running gag to call each other polish or show dislike towards them , nothing to worry about , we 're not xenophobic towards you , it 's meant for joke nothing more . 
  anyway video showed name of commonwealth as rzeczpospolita obojga narod\u00f3w ( which is commonwealth of both nations in polish i assume ) at it 's height so i 'm okay with it . 
  and i 'm not arguing that name of `` rzeczpospolita polska '' was wrong , at those times we were heavily self-polonized which pretty much explains polish-lithuanian national identity and why vilnius/wilno was contested region between each other . 
  anyway it 's modern times now and we can acquire our full peace between each other once and for all . 
  as much as i 'm butthurted seeing `` rzeczpospolita polska '' and wilno/vilnius belonging to poland , i 'm happy that nation that endured so much is still standing strong and only becoming stronger again . 
  keep it up past-time bff bros. 
  first of all it was n't russia it was ussr , right ? 
  `` it 's was the ussr who committed crimes not russians '' but for some reason it 's russia who 's victor not ukraine not belarus or any other soviet occupied state , it was all russia ... russia deserves no praise here , it divided poland together with nazi germany and did pretty much same what nazis were doing just in slower and longer pace . 
  and in the end it did n't liberate a shit , one occupation was replaced with another . 
  edit : 1 week old acc is yours , what should i expected from terrible troll like you . 
  happy independence day ukraine !, 
  hope you will manage to beat the hard times . 
  are you retarded ? 
  and then soviets carried out with their own killings . 
  it 's included everywhere here , at least i assume . 
  we already got big chunk of shared history . 
  besides i surprised you do n't ;d i guess it was too big to include it . 
  we were just a spark who set su on fire , we did n't put fuel on su . 
  latvia can into colonial power !, 
  terrible day for some countries . 
  i was talking after ww2 . 
  not like they could done anything to help us in reality . 
  what it has to do with `` america and middle east , native americans , latin americans , the pinochet regime , the invasion of cuba '' when we talking about russia and estonia ... dude you 're pretty dumb . 
  i 'm not surprised , not like we are that relevant enough sadly ... 
  but at least you know now , which makes me happy . 
   `` you should stop antagonizing russia '' russia is the one that antagonize west , baltics etc. 
  russia was always the one that acts like a dick , not other way around . 
  it always brings tear to my eyes . 
  that 's how protest are meant to be made . 
   '' ... from duchy of lithuania ... '' grand duchy !, 
  name few please . 
  that would be amazing , imo . 
   wilno ( nowadays capital of samogitia ) stopped reading right here . 
  dude do some research before spiting bull-shit . 
  well union of lublin made sure they would become great power in europe . 
  dude if you 're talking about estonia , latvia and lithuania you should use baltics instead of balts , because those two have big difference from each other . 
  that 's was just a fuel . 
  that 's the point , we were the spark that made ussr to burn down completely . 
  would been good for estonia tho . 
  interesting . 
  may i ask why ? 
  true . 
  pretty much the moment we started to include slavic lands into our grand duchy . 
  after 16th century it did n't exist any more but was replaced by polish one even though we had written form now . 
  this to argue is for historians not us , we do n't know exactly what was what in that time and who could been better than other to make actual alter-universe . 
  though before that both poland and lithuania was pretty powerful back then , even before union of lublin . 
  yes , ethnic lithuanians and grand dukes of lithuania spoke in lithuanian language , but wrote in ruthenian . 
   what does christianity have to do with writing ? 
  for instance , not all pagans in pre-roman hispania were illiterate . 
  only most of them . 
  because christianity was the one that helped to become literate , aka teaching . 
  anyway i 'm not sure i just said my opinion , we should n't go deep on this . 
   lastly , did n't lithuania adopt the czech alphabet after wwi ? 
  it certainly is n't the polish one i think we only adopted \u010c , \u017d , \u0160 , instead of ch , zh ( ? 
  ) , sh not sure why , maybe to distinct polish influence in our language after ww1 , since we were enemies at that time . 
  making food , problems ? 
  i have sleep problems . 
  do n't mind . 
  spaghetti is the way . 
  he might be one of those litvinists but i 'm not sure at all . 
  maybe he meant that we were quite big compare to today 's lithuania or that we used to use ruthenian ( from which belarussian and ukrainian languages formed ) because our language did n't had any written form at that time ( makes sense because we were one of the last countries to adopt christianity ) . 
  hungry , making some food atm .
