  but we 're european ;[, 
  i 'm surprised you 're thanking for something that does n't really concerns you . 
  just include it in history books . 
  and i do n't think we would ever need underground colours . 
  we can keep using tri-color as underground symbol simple as that . 
  aha now go tell your momma you won , like anyone cares , like it makes any difference , who cares , at least my country is not backward soviet-block as your still is , corrupted ass slavs , never good at anything . 
  are you really fucking retarded or what ? 
  i tagged you years ago as troll , i 'm mocking your ass and wasting your time because you deserve that . 
  jesus , this whole conversation was just spitting bull-shit i would never enter serious conversation with the likes of you . 
  i 'm sorry i no spekerino englarino gypsyerino . 
  balto-germans , best germans . 
  i would n't even watch into you since you 're mix between slav , muslim and gypsy , a combination of horror and evil . 
  because i 'm superior over you , you 're just bending knee slave who will not achieve anything in this universe . 
   you did n't say if you consider the portogues , spanish and italians the same group of people as scottish and irish , since you use the map above for such conclusions . 
  are we going to ignore you made that statement of the map like it did n't happen now you have no answer ? 
  they are and always will be , at least they 're not you - natures mistake . 
  it 's ugly af , i do n't understand why we do n't change it already . 
   my country , poland , or at least its western part from where i am because it 's stolen part from germany . 
   ahh yes , a the racial type . 
  it explains now the quick attempt at being an arrogant little prick about what you thought was my country . 
  just fyi , by your own logic and map - either italy , spain and portugal are northerners because they have simillar haplogroup composition as the scottish and irish , or the latter are medditeranean/southern people . 
  using haplogroups to cathegorize countries is such a solid argument . 
  good at least we 're not slavic sh * t like you 're , fucking sub-human cunts . 
  gib back [ vytis ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/alex_k_grundwald_flags_1410-03.svg/388px-alex_k_grundwald_flags_1410-03.svg.png ) , i do n't want my current tri-color . 
   ex soviet nation with impoverished people and communist blocks difference we getting this thing erased because of nordic investment here while your country is the one that will stay with impoverished people and communist blocks . 
   finland and sweden who the fuck said we want to be nordic , holy sh * t man , we 're northern europeans , 4 highest by height europeans , there is reason for that - [ genetics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ohvxsjv.jpg ) . 
  just because we used to control that swamp , potato land that is today 's belarus , russia and ukraine does n't mean we 're eastern european forever now . 
  greece is reffered as western europe while being more eastern than some eastern countrys , e.g. 
  lithuania is pretty much where greece is . 
  you 're just delusional sovietphil , that 's what i think . 
  by same logic greece is middle-eastern now because it spend most of it 's history being with turkey in same country ... 
  it 's not meant to stop invasion , it 's meant to deter because killing british soldiers in making of invasion would pretty much mean suicide to russia . 
  that dullness soon to be out because of euromonies !, 
   if we would go for history then every country would need to increase is army due to the fact that almost everyone had been attacked several times and today they 're allies , while russia was never , ever in any point of history ally , even up today . 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  read some history and you will understand why we want as big as possible army here . 
  ne lenkija , not the commonwealth again !, 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
   europeans to step and show they take the continent 's defense seriously good luck with that . 
  they did n't take it seriously pre-ww2 i doubt they will take it post ww2 . 
  you americans are the only thing that can actually protect us from evil in the east . 
   vassal of the american empire . 
  delusional . 
  add some szcz and it 's prefect !, 
  til about difference between \u0106 letter and \u010c . 
  thanks . 
   learning that useless dying language i see someone has bigger butthurt . 
  should be anywhere in store actually . 
  our biggest dong !, 
   not being able to use mother tongue in any sort of official situation in a place one have been living for the entire life counts as being forced to change ethnic identity in my books . 
  but i 'm sure you 're okay with it , and fuck all russians who value their culture and do n't want to become estonians/latvians/whatever . 
  wtf i never said that ... 
  if they ca n't learn basic estonian and latvian as their second language to obtain citizenship why would they deserve full rights of named countries ? 
   fuck all russians who value their culture the only culture you value is occupation . 
  edit : besides their `` grey '' or what ever atm passport gives more rights to travel than estonian/latvian does . 
  they can freely travel to russia . 
  estonians and latvians do n't strip out their identity they refuse to learn basic of local language which prevents them from getting estonian/latvian citizenship so they stuck with no passport and just get better deal out of it while screaming `` we 're victims '' . 
   instead you chose to be worse how are we worse ? 
  are we killing our neighbours , are we annexing parts of our neighbours ? 
  not for a russian to talk what is right and wrong when putin reigns and damages everything that surrounds him . 
  who does n't ? 
  it 's great , yet simply looking cake . 
  you must , it 's yummy yummy !, 
  welcome sir , may i introduce you to the legacy of 400 ~ years shared history . 
   ethnic cleansing they 're imported by soviets , they do n't belong to our countries in first place . 
   over 250 000 russian left latvia i 'm pretty sure latvia and estonia do n't see this as bad thing and it would be a lot better of more left . 
  yeah , yeah , `` you 're trying to step on our monopoly , it 's not healthy for your economy '' not a first time i hear this . 
   will never actually immigrate to your countries . 
  why are you forcing them in our throat then ? 
  belgium was invaded to win over france lol wtf . plus russia declared war to austro-hungarian empire which brought german empire into war . 
  hahah great history knowledge butthurt . 
  germany did n't start ww1, 
  damn your banks , taking over baltics !, 
   favourite neighbour : belarus wuut ? 
  care to explain ? 
  gib back germans stolen land too then !, 
  it was soviet gift to you . 
   polonophobic more like anti-putin backed kremlin fuck who plays with russian and polish minority into his own gain . 
  we lub you lenkija !, 
  feels bad man , being old and stuff . 
  bulba is forever ours ... !, 
  after ... she ... stops ... sticking around with ... rusija ... ;(, 
  revive commonwealth !, 
  do n't worry , eesti always can into baltic < 3, 
  it should n't suppose to be our neighbour in first place !, 
  country : lithuania favourite neighbour : latvia ; maybe even poland least favourite neighbour : russia ( no need to guess why ), 
  all this euromonies i see are destroying our rotten soviet structures and bring sexy homogay buildings , what injustice !, 
  but eesti is atheist . 
  ca n't escape might commonwealth , now gib your lands to grand duchy ( now empire ) of lithuania !, 
  commonwealth soon \u2122 ? 
  said serbian in denial . 
   estonia is a scandinavia country good bye little eesti , we gon na miss you ;( anyway good for you estonia for showing lead on better life in our small countries . 
  but you 're mix of both !, 
  do not leave eu , federalise eu by force , rule the world !, 
   i think there were some benefits to living in a world with the ussr [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2svhdy23so ) soviet pigs killing innocent people . 
  some soil too , we can be our very own nation !, 
  we got our culture now , all we need is language . 
  finland was part of russian empire though , if we count everything ee who was in su by same logic we can count everyone who was in russian empire as ee . 
  it 's still very hateful comment . 
  well they were n't that wrong .
