  any nordic country except greenland . 
  for more foreign countries would go for canada , australia and new zealand . 
   find a bunch of trees that turn red in autumn , set some on fire to produce desired black figure brutal, 
  it was their task at beginning , yes , but the moment they start to raid polish lands it was clear they 're not here for spread of christianity . 
  might as well resurrect more lithuanians who helped your country to exist . 
  never seen this one . 
  nice one :d, 
  i guess some conservative nature of our politicians at the moment has to not pass referendum yet again about change of flag . 
  [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pmqbl4n.png ) is still my favourite . 
  * pursuing intensifies *, 
  holy molly , this one is quite scary . 
  yes , would love to see different types of poo from different european countries . 
  teutonic order primary task was n't spread christianity as might be seen , otherwise poland would n't been leaning towards us - pagans as allies . 
  i would strongly say yes , because this is sub-reddit called europe for a reason , as long as it 's related with europe it 's worth of front page . 
  and i love my country , so it 's always nice to see pictures of it . 
  hehe, 
  that 's why i love autumn , trees look beautiful when going out-side . 
  everything is possible , as long as you can make up ideas . 
  a wild vytis appeared to kick teutonic ass . 
  but still was happy more than ever to get free clay . 
   are you serious ? 
  they are laughable compared to russia 's . 
  just look at how much money flows between eu and russia and compare it with the amount that flows between eu and ukraine . 
  besides , ukraine 's a charity case , they were one even before this whole mess started . 
  so we should let russia do what ever they want with others as long as it fills our european pockets . 
  get out . 
   what cia is doing is a violation of sovereignty among other things . 
  that 's a lot more serious than '' having some spies '' . 
  so yeah , it does prove eu is usa 's bitch . 
  violating sovereignty on such very small and irrelevant scale does n't make eu it 's bitch , when it 's on specific countries not whole eu . 
   well , that 's something to work on . 
  give some actual power to the european parliament , dissolve nato and form eu army , kick out the british so they can finally become the 51st us state etc. 
   well , that 's something to work on . 
  give some actual power to the european parliament easy to say . 
   nato and form eu army why would we ever need eu army when we already have nato , it would mean losing nr . 
  1 military power as your ally , it 's stupid idea . 
   kick out the british so they can finally become the 51st us state etc from this point you 're just butthurt , uk is very valuable ally , no way we would ever want to lose them . 
  do n't forget austria . 
   also if we do no reforms russia might not attacks us . 
  seems interesting topic , plc might stayed as puppet/buffer state between russian empire and german empire . 
  it 's possible since it would prevent what they feared in first place - war between each other for piece of land . 
   economic interest . 
  you can have your personal sympathies and fears but in the long run it 's out of your own pocket , not the american one . 
  ukraine has natural resources , so it 's relevant for eu . 
   and in what way does this have to do with what the cia is doing ? 
  you claim the us has no influence over eu . 
  this obviously proves you 're wrong . 
  so russia has influence over eu countries because it has some spies there who are not russian ? 
   so , new boss is better than the old boss ? 
  have you ever thought that the eu could stand on its own two feet ? 
  all numbers show that they can . 
  new boss is million times better if you ask me . 
  and yes i wish eu actually stood alone against both usa and russia , but it ca n't and you know why ? 
  it 's not unified good enough . 
  at least russia 's foreign policy actually helps eu to unify which is exactly what `` she '' does n't want . 
  lol, 
  now that 's what i actually want to hear . 
  at the moment usa is n't doing anything bad for us , it 's sheltering us from any potential invasion , while russia is just yet again aggressive state with aggressive policy towards it 's neighbours . 
  unified eu would become super power that could counter-weight usa , russia and china too . 
   sanctions that are not in the economic interest of the eu bullsh * t , it is eu interest , russia broke ukraine 's territorial sovereignty which is eu and especially eastern european nations interest to not see russia growing it 's territory yet again . 
   european intelligence agencies spying on their own governments and citizens because cia told them to , secret cia prisons on the territory of eu countries and russia spying on thier own citizens and other european nations ( e.g. 
  my own home country lithuania cought and still has pro-russian spies/politicians , thank god they 're irrelevant as fu * k ) not a special case . 
   have you been living a very sheltered life or are these things just something normal to you ? 
  economy is growing , living peaceful life without any deficit , knowing all the stories from family and friends about ussr days ... hell i rather be under usa than russia any day . 
  and it was , it was indeed . 
  so what we should do now ? 
  choose russia who 's a lot weaker in all fields , for no reason but to get away from usa ? 
  makes no sense if you asked me . 
  i use `` liberum veto '' against your `` liberum veto '' . 
  * ^ sees ^ as ^ pockets ^ fill ^ full ^ of ^ rubles . 
  but before ttip they do n't have any . 
  so what do you exactly meant with usa influence over eu when it did n't had any in the first place ? 
   america influence in the eu i never actually realized usa had any influence in eu . 
  can you elaborate what exactly they 're dictating to eu ? 
  if i had to choose between usa and russia , i would run into usa hands . 
  besides we do n't need to abolish relations with usa if we want to establish relations with china . 
   not equally evil . 
  i would even say that the soviets were far less evil overall and slightly less evil under stalinism . 
  and at the end of the day they were evil , both regimes should not have existed . 
   maybe because i 'm rational , i look at facts and do n't let emotions dictate my views ? 
  what are you saying ? 
  that i 'm driven by my emotions to be anti-soviet ? 
  you 're right , but problem is most of crimes committed by ussr are not acknowledged . 
  both were evil and that 's the main point . 
   to equalize these two regimes is grossly wrong and unfair to the soviets . 
  did n't expect these words come from pole . 
  that does n't change the fact that they did exactly what nazis were doing . 
  making it in a smaller scale does n't make it any more right thing to do . 
   ** not on the scale ** the nazis had planned you just counter argument yourself . 
  baltic states got occupied by soviets first , by this logic nazi germany was also liberator ... just stop commenting already . 
  how is that comparable ? 
  you 're going to die in both ways if you 're in the house . 
   uh no , they were n't doing exactly what the nazis were doing . 
  ethnic cleansing , forced relocation , russification policies ... 
  excuse me ? 
   the population in the baltic states were increasing . 
  today they 're declining . 
  because of glorious communism , young people go to work into western european countries there they earn far more money than being here , and of course ethnic russians who left for russia after fall of ussr , thank god for that , we do n't have big russian minority now . 
   they also had a climbing gdp under the soviet union we also had highest gdp under russian empire and after it 's fall who could even compare to western european countries , we did n't need bloody su to be rich as western european countries . 
  ussr forced communism was the one that fucked our and everyone 's else economy .
