  numerous lithuanian massacres of poles during the ww2 were commited by nazi-alligned troops composed from lithuanian collaborants . 
  that 's a historical fact . 
  and i was n't the one to start this topic in the first place . 
  ofcourse we 're ashamed of lithuanian collaborants , it was touchy topic back in school days . 
   numerous lithuanian massacres of poles during the ww2 were commited by nazi-alligned troops composed from lithuanian collaborants . 
  that 's a historical fact . 
  not like we had a choice , nazis themselves forced some of people to kill other people while putting gun to their head , so ethnical conflict would erupt eventually , they itentionally did this to make spicy things up between polish and lithuanians just like what russians ( ussr ) did . 
  mostly only jews were killed in lithuania , the rest were finished by red army and soviet soldiers , not long ago lithuania found out massive grave of jewish , lithuanian and german people , most likely it was done by soviet soldiers you finished the nazis job with probobly nazis being themselves into those graves . 
  besides nobody in lithuania or elsewhere are denying it . 
   and are now voting for the polish-minority party . 
  the same poles that are led by pro-kremlin puppet waldemar tomaszewski ... to spicy up lithuanian and polish relations , great . 
   on this subreddit i 'm only ever fighting the `` evil poland attacked poor and innocent lithuania in 1920 out of the blue '' meme - this seems what seems to be taught in your schools , and is unfortunately completely false . 
  this is total bullsh * t , nobody teach us that `` out of bright day poland invaded vilnius '' . 
  you mistaken people who actually did n't listen or did n't care on history lessons with those who know what was what . 
   on the other had , i fail to see why you would want a landlocked city full of non-lithuanians ... cut this crap dude , vilnius was our capital since xiv century it has too much of historical meaning to let it slip away . 
   for any reasons other than pure nationalism ( and imperialism , however funnily such word sounds in the context of republic of lithuania ) . 
  same applies to republic of poland . 
   i used the `` lithuanian nazi-collabolators '' phrase to precisely mean `` few lithuanians who have insane nationalistic tendencies '' . 
  cut the nazis out of this already . 
   the city also happenned to be polish-majority most these citizens in vilnius were polonized lithuanians and jews , not couting that rural areas were purely lithuanian . 
  both lithuania and poland was super nationalistic in interwar period , we were n't the good guys , you were n't a good guy either . 
  vilnius was a disputed city , same like free city of danzig , it was german majority city , yet poland claim that it 's rightful polish land . 
  just leave the past and hate behind and start thinking rationally . 
   maybe start with lithuanian nazi-collabolators killings of poles , because i recall their deaath toll was one or two orders of magnitude bigger than any retributive actions of ak . 
  hold on right here , this terrible thing was happening through whole of europe you were n't the only victim here , besides if few lithuanians who have insane nationalistic tendencies start shooting few polish people that means whole nations is god damn nazi ? 
  jesus dude . 
  get a chill pill . 
   that disproportion is quite funny as one might argue that most powerful of the magnate families that ultimately ruled plc were lithuanian , ruthenian and later ukranian in origin . 
  well thats true . 
  let 's even inter-war period j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski who made poland again from scratch was lithuanian noble family descendant . 
  yet spoke polish and consider himself polish . 
   and what is happening in costume/historical movies in lithuania ? 
  i 've heard quite a few years back that you were supposed to film something about grunwald and wars with teutonic order but the funding fell through . 
  anything good come out or is it mostly dead ( as are big historical movies in poland since the 2000 's ) have n't heard about these myself . 
  because of political reasons . 
  old politicans tend to be more conservative , we need new , much younger , we need to change bit by bit our goverments thinking . 
  we need to show that we 're not foes or rivals but friends . 
  people who mostly are from rural areas do n't know that polonization was n't forced onto us , that occupation of vilnius did n't happen for no reason etc. 
  both polish and lithuanian citizens need to see each other as friends , that we share a lot of history and culture . 
  well polonization was n't forced at that time , so do n't worry if union might be `` revived '' . 
  about culture , well we were probobly the most minor ` ish part of the commonwealth so no wonder we were adapting ruthenian/polish culture . 
  what you need to know is if not inner `` bs '' happening in the commonwealth , we probobly would been able to stand against all these agressive empires we were surrounded by . 
  i would really like polish , lithuanian , belarussian and ukrainian ( maybe even latvian , because latvians are baltic bros ) state to be rivived even though it would take a lot of time and work but that would put us as major european power again and harder time to shake europe and us for russia . 
  hehe ... as long as you keep out of rural areas you wo n't notice any hate towards polish citizens . 
  for myself i met a lot of polish people ( through internet though ) and i liked every single one of them , they seem so friendly , i always have great plessure while speaking with them . 
  do it , i would join , let bros of the commonwealth reunite !, 
  at last . 
  my bad then , no need to get over your head though . 
  just because it was close to such title does n't make it . 
  it was a great power but was n't an empire . 
  i said baltics , not lithuania . 
  actually moscovites will [ burn down ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fire_of_moscow_ ( 1812 ) moscow themselves . 
  poland was never an empire . 
  bff \u2122 once again , 
  sculptures that represent soviet army which killed many lithuanians . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do exectly what did you just said . 
  what exectly soviet government did good to baltics ? 
  that 's the reason why we should n't glorify soviet era and show how good it was with monuments . 
  ca n't these monuments be removed and placed in to museum or something ? 
  100 % on this . 
  why do mistakes like these even manage to happen ? 
  oh 's , look 's , who 's talking 's ... 
  wait a minute . 
  hitler was delusional idiot who was n't listening to his generals . 
  great movie , even though underappreciated . 
  heard comic was better than movie itself or just had more explaining in it ... but still i really liked it . 
  baltic sea empire ? 
  very low . 
  it 's quite sad weather here too in north-central lithuania . 
  nope , sweden and norway was in union , just like poland-lithuania . 
  lithuania can into kingdom !, 
  oh thank you . 
  well at least you exist , while prussians dead long ... or even true prussians , our brothers :[, 
  thanks , but no , we only accept german monarchs . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ pss ^ ^ ^ ^ give ^ ^ ^ ^ them ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ us, 
  we surely will manage to reach their level it 's just matter of time . 
  you 're not poorer than us , you 're just a little bit behind . 
  anyway , this doesnt matter since all three of us grow equally . 
  i hate that eastern europe term is used to tell that country is poorer than any other country in europe , i hope it disappears asap . 
   maybe their ` natural ' state well this is kind a true . 
  because after ww1 we had same level of economy as any other western european country , if communism and soviet ( russian ) occupation did n't happen we most likely be at the level of `` benelux '' . 
  kicking us out of nato wo n't change a thing , we 're still eu and eurozone members . 
   i know dont think the baltics are worth fighting for i do n't think people you know , know much about us and that 's why they do n't care . 
  then maybe kick all the members out of nato the moment they have a threat of invasion ? 
  what 's the point of alliance by your logic then ? 
  anschluss is coming . 
   i know . 
  we sometimes call it kara\u013cau\u010di in latvian kr\u00f2lewiec , karaliau\u010dius , kara\u013cau\u010di come from german word for the city - konigsberg . 
   why not return the city / region to its baltic ( old prussian ) roots ? 
  since it belongs to russia and is inhabitat by russians it use its own name kaliningrad . 
  old prussians died few centuries ago . 
  it 's a lithuanian name for it . 
  amen to that brother . 
  even though killing is n't our strongest side . 
   just that it 's in nato 's interests to encircle russia , so it seems likely that nato would be trying to encourage countries surrounding russia to join . 
  sadly it 's a pure lie . 
  nato is not meant to destroy or encircle russia , but to repel its agressive foreign policy on its neighbors . 
  lithuania is far more older than that bro , back 1230s we already there a state . 
  we were n't free only between 1795-1918 and 1940-1990 . 
  you can tell that to estonia and latvia as that they 're young countries , but we 're definetly not .
