  from what i can tell only people from rural areas are the ones that make jokes about poland . 
  and about media , again only nato and military cooperation is all what you can hear . 
  unless it comes to kremlins puppet waldemar tomaszewski who uses polish minority to create bigger hostility between two . 
  excuse me ? 
  ca n't really tell about this but [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_omon_assaults_on_lithuanian_border_posts ) if you want you can read about it . 
   the incident occurred during president george h. w. bush 's two-day visit in moscow . 
  bush specifically addressed the incident in one of the press conferences , but downplayed its importance in the lithuanian struggle for international recognition and shielded gorbachev from responsibility . 
  it was speculated that the assailants wanted to embarrass gorbachev showcasing his inability to control the situation in the dissolving soviet union . 
  the attack might have been a response to a treaty between lithuania and boris yeltsin , newly elected president of russian sfsr . 
  the treaty established formal diplomatic relations and addressed economic and cultural issues between lithuania and russia ; it was seen as an important step towards recognition of lithuania 's independence . 
  another version claims that the guards discovered a large smuggling operation . 
  yes , we do learn about it since it involves lithuania and about vilnius takeover , ca n't remember about mention of demopgraphics but i think it was included . 
  actually barely anyone knows him who 's not really into history . 
  the only thing everyone knows is that you taken control over vilnius/wilno . 
  top-tier propaganda . 
  well they 're big investors here so i 'm not suprised . 
  you traitor !, 
  we obiviously are swedes . 
  because our language is far harder to learn and has barely any similarities , i guess . 
  any one , but not you , why always you , i do n't like you , but i like you . 
  it was far easier back in days . 
  they shall speak their language once again when they become lithuanian clay once again , ohh that sweet and innocent gudija . 
  there is a big difference between us you know . 
  hey :(, 
  what problems we create ? 
  are we the ones that make threats ? 
  you talking too much non-sense , i expected you to be a better troll , oh well . 
   what does the us get out of this ? 
  stable europe . 
   why not rely on nations you like and share borders with and not the evil imperialists from across the sea ? 
  because those nations like russia wanted to russify us . 
  besides talk what you want about usa but here , in the baltics , usa is loved . 
   team up with the nations above . 
  it 's your problem you need to find your own solution . 
  we 're teaming up with usa and eu members so we could ensure our safety . 
  nato , eu is a solution for our problem . 
  how small nations can take care of their own defense when we 're clearly in bad geographical postion ? 
  we need help and there is no deny in it . 
  nordic states helping us would and is a good solution . 
  no need for nato ... oh yeah ? 
  staying neutral really helped us in past ? 
  stop reading my posts you troll . 
  it 's their choice to help us . 
  it 's their choice to help us . 
   wasting lives to protect you ? 
  since when they 're wasting their lives ? 
  nobody is dying in baltic states ... 
  piss off from here already . 
  i always see a lot of audis rather than bmw 's . 
  this is hilarious and sad . 
  what ... 
  eesti always welcome into baltic . 
  we do n't want to be nordic ... only eesti ... 
  you and rest of nordics are way too good of examples on how country should be . 
  you 're great uncles to the baltics . 
  i do n't know how to feel about this , should i support or should i not ? 
   `` orthodox scum '' no need to be so mad . 
  relax . 
  would n't be surprised . 
  would n't federation be more appropriate . 
  they killed our brothers . 
  seeing blood of teutons in battle was best day of my life !, 
   that 's exactly what i said . 
  as long as the party also actively worked towards things that every civilized european country has , like for example the right to write your name in a correc t spelling , or right to have bilingual street signs in areas where significant part of the indigenous population speaks another language , i probably could n't care less who they are supported by . 
  in fact , the more stupid of lithuania , that they are allowing such unimportant and easily resolvable issues to lessen balance in their country . 
  this issue would solved long ago if we did n't had a ton of old conservative politicans or just showmans who do n't care about lithuanians future . 
   and those `` lithuanians [ who ] lived in vilnius region , especially in rural areas they always made a majority . '', 
  somehow managed to become poles somewhere between 1920 and 1939 , and remained them to this day . 
  sure , whatever you wish . 
  when you live in country which supress lithuanian national identity no surprise they got polonized even far more . 
   cough northern ireland cough exectly , you think ireland feels all warm from it ? 
   unfortunately , on top of the ethnic lithuanian lands ( which approximately corresponded to the 1924 borders minus parts of memel/klaipeda ) , the republic of lithuania also claimed the ethnic polish lands ( which used to be lithuanian at some point in the past , sure ) . 
  well no suprise , because of nationalism happening . 
   in early 1920s we still were almost the france - or italy - sized nation , bigger than spain , and had the 9th - 10th biggest economy in the world . 
  obviously we wanted to become a great power with such potential . 
  we had pretty much same economy as any other western nation too . 
  i understand that you wanted ensure your countries safety , but it 's impossible to make when you want to put other countries under your aegis and be something more superior , war did n't help at all . 
  i would suggest to remember but forgive for each other wrong doings and just roll all what we actually always wanted to be independent and safe from foreign powers . 
   yes , and i have already explained why they are pro-kremlin in another post in this thread . 
  they are pro-kremlin because only kremlin tried to preserve their autonomy in early 90s , while polish government ignored them and lithuanian government actively disbaned it . 
  the only reason they supported it to maintain less balance in our country . 
  it 's their strategy and it 's still going on ( e.g. 
  georgia , ukraine , moldova etc. ), 
   not the best thing , in the current international situation , but i 'd say it 's prefectly understantable from their point of view ( even if they know perfectly that they are being used by russians ) . 
  it 's the old russian divide et impera working perfectly , just like it did back in summer 1920 , the difference this time is that they support another side of the conflict . 
  both germany and soviet russia supported us , because you had france was licking your ass . 
   so was constantinople to greeks . 
  though unlike lithuanians , greeks at least were still living in istanbul in 1920s . 
  lithuanians lived in vilnius region , especially in rural areas they always made a majority . 
   there was nothing like that about wilno , no economical interest , just pure `` le ancient capitul '' nationalistic i do n't know why you and poles at that time feel so nationalistic towards vilnius , it 's like saying england can occupy something in scotlands territory if scotland makes indepence happen because people speak english there or crimea . 
   of course , but as i already said , at least we had this `` we do n't have any international ports '' thing on top of that . 
  interestingly enough , lithuania experienced the very same issue in the interwar period , though instead of keeping the free city compromise and building your own port on your territory , you have took over the free city of memel and annexed it instead . 
  well yes , but you have to keep in mind that a lot of annexing happen to happen at that time , we were n't special , you werent either . 
  lithuania and lithuanians at that time just wanted ethnical ( even though hard to say that ) lands a.k.a. 
  lithuanian proper ( pretty much what is todays lithuania ) . 
  on other hand what poland wanted to do is become a bloody great power again in europe and re-create polish-lithuania commonwealth v2 or even bigger than that ... 
  most of nations did n't want this happe because that meant giving up our freedom etc and becoming dependable again on something we never wanted . 
  prime example is belarus , you promised them freedom if they fought on your side , they did what they got ? 
  you took half of their land and sold rest to soviet russia ( ussr ) . 
   why , ashamed of your past ?
