secure the borders 2 . ), 
  refugee crisis solved . 
  ( it 's not like most if any of them are actually refugees from syria -- bangladesh , nigeria , afghanistan , pakistan , etc. 
  anywhere but syria it seems they come from , and now people are buying syrian passports as a way to get into europe ), 
  why push vegetarianism on people when they 're clearly in the minority ? 
  it was a joke . 
  what an utterly biased and misleading title . 
  it 's not like they 're trying to prevent the air from being clean ; they just do n't want to acquiesce more powers to the eu and it 's desire to reach its long arm into every sphere of life . 
  you sound like a racist . 
  i hate this . 
  pork is part of french culture , whether you like it or not . 
  they should be served pork or go hungry . 
  i 'm sick of the constant catering towards minorities -- they 're `` minorities '' for a reason . 
  why live in europe if you refuse to accept her customs ? 
  summary executions might prevent more of these murderers ( they often leave migrants in the back of crowded , overheated trucks with a bottle of water to share between the all of them ) from trying to bring human cargo to europe . 
  i strongly encourage the concept of shooting known people smuggler 's on sight , while in transit . 
   maskirovka seems like we have an insane russophobe on our hands here , gentlemen  chekists lol, 
  at least , that is how the official story goes . 
  he was just hanging out on the border of rural estonia enjoying a nice vacation near the russian border ? 
  and yet , they still lock people as old as 90 up for violating ` free speech laws ' regarding the historical memory of the holocaust . 
  i mean , if you are so certain of history , certainly it can stand up to scrutiny can it not ? 
  but alas , the victors write the books ... 
  why is he called a `` security agent '' while the russians are described as `` spies '' ? 
  * `` security agent '' * sounds like a lovely euphemism for ` spy ' , which makes me ask what he was doing in russian territory in the first place . 
  extremadura and leon have unique populations . 
  they are not ` spanish ' by any sense of the word . 
  so far , i 've yet to hear of any migrants actually being from syria ; so far , they 're coming from bangladesh , nepal , nigeria , afghanistan , hell , anywhere * but * syria it 'd seem, 
  probably because i hope ukraine gets buried in debt for their biting the imf/eu biscuit , yes i stand by that, 
  it 's true . 
  read anything your media says , and they will have putin listed as the primary mover and shaker behind just about anything in the country . 
  start by deporting yourself . 
  the hell it ai n't . 
  * the guardian * is russophobic propaganda , plain and simple , and i am not about to believe anything they report on russia , not since they have been endlessly promoting luke harding 's fairy tales about him ` absconding ' from russia as a ` wanted man ', 
  as if you 're not a shill for the nato side ... lol, 
  i literally think the ukrainian government is that fucking stupid , yes . 
  that sounds like a very shitty , poor way of saying `` i have no evidence '' . 
  you already decided that russia shot down the plane , long before evidence concludes anything . 
  i already said it was my opinion , and it makes sense , since ukrainian troops have n't been proven to be the brightest of lightbulbs . 
  eastern ukraine has no desire to join nato or the eu . 
  that is why they are fighting . 
  that is why crimea seceded with almost 95 % of people voting yes . 
  it does n't matter . 
  apply the antisemitism test : this one does n't pass , so it should n't be allowed . 
   putin 's rebels why do you peabrains assume that putin is the personal owner of all of these guys ? 
  these guys have independent ambitions of their own , such as wanting to escape a nationalist , hateful western ukraine that despises them for their heritage and language . 
  i 'm not an expert on this subject -- none of us are , except the team actually down there doing the forensic work . 
  but if you wanted my opinion on it , i feel like ukraine accidentally shot it down thinking it was a russian plane of importance . 
  i mean , the livery is quite similar , [ is it not ? 
  ] ( http://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/intelligencer/2014/07/17/17-russian-malaysian-planes-1.w529.h352.jpg ) it 's not so hard to imagine that a bunch of ignorant ukies who 've never seen an atlas before much less the flag of malaysia know that those were malaysian national colours . 
  apply the antisemitism test : `` if something would be banned for offending jews , then it should be equally applied to anyone else . '', 
  so if the headline said : * speaker banned from warwick university [ located in coventry , england ] over fears of antisemitism , antisemitic past would that be allowed ? 
  most certainly not . 
  ergo , this is completely justified imo . 
  the evidence was conclusive that ` russians shot down malaysia 17 ' and nowhere did it say as much . 
  also , not even the team at the site has conclusions yet . 
  that 's why i know it 's all garbage to begin with , if someone says they have conclusions on the evidence . 
   let 's not have one of those discussions about the junta , fascists , cia , and so on , which , frankly , is just not worth my or anybody 's time . 
  why not ? 
  it 's worth everybody 's time , as that is what eastern ukraine is fighting for : they do n't want to be part of the eu , they do n't want closer relations with the west , and they did n't want the overthrow of yanukovych by a junta . 
   regardless of what happened , * rolls eyes *  elections in march and october 2014 pretty much offered legitimacy to the leadership in power right now . 
  no they did n't . 
  they were not in line with the constitution of ukraine , which does not allow for a parliamentary disposal of a president , no matter how popular he may be in metro kiev and western ukraine . 
  again , this is what the east is fighting for . 
   yes , parts of the country did not participate , but we both know why . 
  because the elections were illegitimate and the president was overthrown by a junta of right-wing fascists in cohesion with the cia . 
   this does not mean that elections will never be held in ukraine before crimea or donbas return under ukrainian control ( how absurd would that be ) . 
  crimea will never be part of ukraine ever again . 
  it 'll be a frozen conflict zone before that happens , but rest assured , ukrainian troops will never step foot in crimea ever again . 
  about time . 
  catalonia was heavily repressed during the regime of franco , to the point that their language was considered illegal . 
  this is not only about protecting themselves from a future incursion , but righting a historical wrong . 
  hopefully , basque country , galicia , extremadura , leon and navarre follow suit soon . 
  spain as a nation is not a natural thing . 
  you guys * do * love child molestors though -- your national fascination with jimmy savile until the day he died proves as much, 
  it 's not your place as an american to tell finns who to give visas to ; maybe they do n't want anyone assimilating at all , maybe they want to keep finland finnish . 
  so tell me : how is the mentality of a developed country world person supposed to * be * like ? 
  saying you wish economic turmoil on russia does n't sound like you ` dislike ' russia -- it sounds like you hate the people and want them to go through economic hard times . 
  you 're an asshole . 
   luckily russia 's economy is smaller than italy 's now and only going to get smaller and more insignificant . 
  judging from the above , i 'd say you hate russia quite a bit , you bigoted brit ( hey look , it rhymes ! ), 
   luckily russia 's economy is smaller than italy 's now and only going to get smaller and more insignificant . 
  see ? 
  completely random hate of russia !, 
  told you guys so !, 
  scratch a brit , and you 'll see a hateful bigot towards the slavic race, 
  well ? 
  i 'll repeat myself : where 's the evidence ? 
  give me something substantial , not circumstantial or anecdotal !, 
  no different than ukrainians hiding in canada sending back reams of cash to fund illegal uprisings and continued support against democratically elected leaders and secessionists who no longer want to be underneath a leadership that has no respect for the rule of law . 
  ( how 's the weather in toronto , btw ? ), 
  who said i hate the usa ? 
  i do n't remember eastern ukraine participating in the election ... in fact , i do n't remember the constitution even authorising an election , as yanukovych was still legally president at the time . 
  in fact , are n't they fighting this whole war over the fact that yanukovych was overthrown and a leader installed by victoria nuland at the us state department without almost half of the country 's consent ? 
  that does n't sound like a very legally elected leader to me . 
  well -- where 's the evidence ? 
  it 's like [ in this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk_dsf_5tm4 ) , the guy from cnn just keeps on going back to emotive arguments about how i was there -- and yet he fails throughout the entire video to make a case for russia destroying malaysia flight 17 , and the youtube commentators seem to agree that there is no evidence as far as the video is concerned that russia was implicated . 
  there is no evidence russia was involved . 
  ukraine may have shot it down thinking it was russian , as the colour livery is very similar to the russian flag . 
  ukrainian troops are n't known for being very bright . 
  i 'll just leave it at that .
