  fun times ensue . 
  cheers !, 
  this has been my favorite map as long as i 've had it !, 
  i congratulate you , ser , and i pray that the old gods and new shine upon thine path towards a quick adwd update of this truly magnificent easy to read map . 
  i have that bug too . 
  got ta hang in a neat tidied up space . 
  i would gladly clean that room up and watch some tastosis < 3, 
  mules have it too , i believe . 
  just posted the same question !, 
  please good people , tell us what it is . . 
  i want to smoke trees to it !, 
  when i asked in the chat i read a comment saying `` you guys should put down that you made the music so people stop asking . '', 
  but i can verify no credibility for that statement . 
  yes you will , you smart person !, 
  great color selection , bro : , 
  select larva much ? 
  indeed . 
  best stoner light . 
  i wish i had that one : < it would be ~ # 300, 
  are you saying i have to bunker rush their office to get the mp3 :o, 
  thor operator was like `` whats the worst that can happen ? '', 
  * hatching sound *, 
  build drone, 
  win gsl, 
  upvote for djeep !, 
  uptoke for djeep lighter !, 
  cucumber o0, 
  much love for him and his brother : , 
  thanks !, 
  it starts in midnight here in bulgaria but it 's so gon na be worth it !, 
  i 'd have to say all the clanmen ( goat demons ? ), 
  moon clan , blood clan and such : , 
  that 's pretty bad , but i got ta have to give the `` biggest '' diss to the ss who killed a fellow ent 's dog like that and was like `` c u bra '' ; <, 
  yeeeeaa ... 
  i 'm so not sharing . 
  two , please ;p, 
  he also dropped :, 
  `` winter is coming '', 
  `` challenge accepted '', 
  `` they see them rollin ' '', 
  `` roaches , roaches everywhere '', 
  and it 's only game 4  ], 
  `` what would grack do ? '', 
  somebody talking about the croatian star league ? 
  upvoted for love !, 
  browsing r/trees or r/starcraft ? 
  upvoted for nestea being my favorite progamer and for dubstep being my favorite music . 
  that being said - the music also ruined it for me . 
  i also believe dubstep is a diverse term and it 's a shame the screeching wailing un-musical skrillexy borgorey type of stuff that is hot shit right now to be what people think dubstep is . 
  it is not . 
  i have compiled a short playlist for people who would like to hear some good real melodic and rhythmical dubstep at www.reddit.com/r/deepstep . 
  have a great day !, 
  i have thought about a 25 energy battery as well and i think it should be usable only in a certain range of the nexus and only by units . 
  there seems to be nothing imba about it . 
  even if its up to 100 shields its a very good mechanic that can help out a lot like transfuse sometimes can . 
  upvoted not only for handle . 
  what are your hobbies outside of starcraft ? 
  what other games do you enjoy playing ? 
  tell us something about your life outside of progaming . 
  i am the 1111 :    , 
  take all of my upvotes , sir !, 
  shift - sprint, 
  capslock - walk toggle, 
  i am pretty sure most people set it up like that . 
  came here to say this . 
  4 , then 5 , then 1,2,3 and 6 at the same time . 
  then 4 many more times . 
  and 5 when 4 gets boring . 
  whatsup with the illuminati pyramid appearing all over this guy 's work ? 
  no , sir , you are not . 
  you are correct and these people here that play flipped hands are savages ;p, 
  with my 74 cast iron pots of course o0, 
  mine was from the commander of the city guard in whiterun ;p, 
  this . 
  just . 
  mind . 
  snipe should have never been usable on massives ... 
  i believe this is not what an entwife should look like . 
  i for example would not feel very excited about the entire rave being able to gawk at my gf 's teats . 
  im not saying she should cover herself up like a muslim woman but still . . 
  i believe an ent lady should be well dressed , not too drunk/stoned , adequate , and at least as intelligent/pure as she is beautiful . 
  for the record - there are thousands of drunk very stoned girls i would fuck gladly at a party or something and even though they smoke weed , i would not call them ents . 
  i would call them sluts . 
  i am not against sluts , do n't get me wrong , but this is not a female ent . 
  at least not in my opinion . 
  cheers, 
  this is amazing !, 
  my hat goes off to the artist . 
  i hope he does some sc2 pros too * i wish *, 
  i like how he explained carriers ;d, 
  am i the only one that thinks terran is way more `` sneaky '' in the sense that they have : reapers , hellions , banshees and medevacs for harass low tier . 
  not to mention mules . 
  flying buildings ( taking gold as your first and not being scouted forever ) ( making a cc in some edge of the map and only mining with mules ) . 
  on top of that you can emp entire armies , nuke entire mineral lines or seeker-missile entire flocks of air units . . that + marine allins and bunker rushes makes up for a very sneaky repertoire i think . 
  naniwa fell a lot in my eyes when he called mlg a `` joke tournament '' . 
  not that i could not understand his frustration over the situation but rather i always pictured him as a very humble individual . 
  also supernova and mma are players i dislike for some reason . 
  part of it is their cockiness , part of it might be they play terran . 
  maybe its just the faces . 
  also incontrol .
