  please sign this , fellow europents !, 
  very majestic indeed !, 
  ah , thanks for the info !, 
  if you can make an app that can make your android phone into an active map that shows the same that you would see on the ingame map but without opening it , i would pay 9.99 eu for it if it had above 15 fps . 
  i much rather would have my secondary monitor as a map , but if that is n't possible with mods , i would at least like it on an app . 
  bringing up the map while still running is kind of a mindfuck for me . 
  i hate having to stop running in order to look at the map and having it constantly up on the secondary monitor would be the shit . 
  thank you so much !, 
  please post if you find anything, 
  thank you sooo much for looking into this !, 
  yea something like that would work perfectly, 
  i do n't think it 's overpowered . 
  i think it 's a way around the inherent limitations of the fact that it 's a game . 
  thank you for making me feel normal, 
  it seems to be downloading it all over again . 
  believe nothing, 
  thank you for taking the time to read and reply !, 
  attending events is only if you want to and have the time . 
  nobody will hold any of what you wrote against you !, 
  best wishes to your daughter and i hope to see you on mumb soon !, 
  do n't worry - we are amazingly easy to get along with and nobody will expect you to recite anything , 
  that is perfectly fine mate !, 
  we would love to have you with us regardless !, 
  thank you for your reply !, 
  looking forward to seeing you on mumble !, 
  thank you for your continued support skeever !, 
  gentlemen - meet officer # 1, 
  thank you for your post !, 
  i very strongly believe that you should try to get your friends interested . 
  i am perfectly okay with you guys just using one of the mumble rooms for voice chat and keeping to yourselves when your friends are online . 
  there will always be a private room for you guys to go and play together . 
  the difference is that you will have the added benefit of having a group of other ep players 1 click away from you that you can ask for help and info . 
  those people are all intelligent and nice english-speaking gamers who will only help you and try to be friendly . 
  there is nothing to be intimidated by . 
  also , this is the reddit guild . 
  in it 's nature it 's opened to anyone . 
  there are no requirements at this time and the only serious rule that i would ever consider imposing on the guild is being on mumble when ingame . 
  for those of the members that would like to pursue more hardcore types of play i will also be doing a hardcore group but that is only for those who want to participate . 
  in other words your friends do n't have to really do anything special . 
  there is nothing to lose and a lot to gain . 
  and they can start gaining those benefits at their own pace and comfort . 
  nobody will drag your friends out of your channel and make them play or talk with anyone else . 
  we just hope that with time they will decite to come `` out of their shells '' by themselves . 
  i also have a few bulgarian friends ( i am bulgarian ) who mostly just stay in a room and speak in bulgarian and only occasionally pop out to ask questions or request help . 
  that is totally okay . 
  it is even pretty cool to have such groups , so yea !, 
  do try to talk them into it - i promise we do n't bite an we wo n't make you guys do anything you do n't want to !, 
  this is not a hardcore russian wow guild or something - we are just redditors bunching together , so join us !, 
  thank you for posting !, 
  please come to mumble whenever you can !, 
  thanks for posting !, 
  do n't be shy mate !, 
  what is needed is for everyone to challenge themselves and try to be social if and however much they can  no strings attached !, 
  hope to hear from you on mumble soon !, 
  this !, 
  by definition the guild is open to anyone and has almost no rules . 
  i want to make the in-game = mumble rule but not yet . 
  hardcore and competitve play is only for those who want to participate . 
  just try to come on and meet your guildies , 
  looking forward to it !, 
  thank you for joining us on mumble the other day !, 
  looking forward to hearing more from you soon !, 
  you can count on it , man !, 
  do come to mumb so we can meet you whenever you are available !, 
  thanks for replying : ], 
  as soon as enough people show interest in it you can be sure that will be the case !, 
  i hope we still see you around corb , and we hope you regain interest in the game !, 
  i 'm in . 
  whatever time you want !, 
  statistically the average pirate receives 50 % less damage from legos on the floor . 
  trying to make a pts event + stream today ( sunday ) as well . 
  please apply here !, 
  in other words , when i log into mumble what i want to see is this :, 
  not this :, 
  dammit !, 
  and i even looked ( shows how hard i looked ), 
  this all goes double for ep . 
  please all eu members go there and follow any posts on there . 
  thanks !, 
  everyone needs to upvote the shit out of this shit !, 
  how is 7.20 slightly more than 7.20 ? 
  no , i meant in terms of the chart . 
  if you look at the purple line , it goes up one pixel from ep 7 to ep 8 while the number is the same . 
  what is the source on that ? 
  [ my roommate 's reaction to the red viper vs the mountain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7pg5m1awg0 ), 
  clearly a mammoth - can tell from the foot , but mostly from the coiled up trunk hanging in front of it . 
  [ here is my roommate 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7pg5m1awg0 ), 
  sorry for the quality - it 's my first one !, 
  think i 'm onto something ? 
  very nice !, 
  care to post your mix-and-match process and what you ended up using ? 
  so yea ... my combination is soooo weird . 
  first name - jonathan, 
  middle name - famous scientist 's surename, 
  last name - arab as fuck, 
  nationality - bulgarian . 
  you should also check out hl1 `` blue shift '' and hl1 `` opposing force '' - seems like you 're a fan of the franchise , so i think you will enjoy them . 
  i know i did !, 
  yay for bulgarian games !, 
  so you are saying this pack i opened the other day is more of a 1:400 odd and not 1:1250 , correct ?
