i love you , man !, 
  i collect those !, 
  it 's such a bitch to find them in bulgaria , though . . 
  this is what i have this far :, 
  i will smoke you out for a djeep i do n't have - just come to bulgaria . . 
  what am i saying ?!, 
  come to bulgaria , fellow ents !, 
  i 'd smoke you out lighter or none , 
  one love, 
  btw , that photo is old ;p got like 30 new ones since then ;d, 
  ( also the sexxxxy black leather ocb one - fap-fap-fap ), 
  it does fckn hurt , does n't it . . 
  but at least they are kind of bulky and irregular-shaped , which makes stoner friends less likely to involuntary pocket them ;p edit : not that it has n't happened to me many a time ;d, 
  they are french , so i bet they are popular amongst the european countries . 
  in bulgaria they sell them at most cig/alcohol shoppes for a `` middle class '' lighter between the fancy metal ones and the crappy use-once-and-throw-away kind . 
  they usually cost 1 eu . 
  1.25 for the fancy leather ones . 
  good thing my entwive is almost more in love with them than me . 
  if she was n't , i might have had to get help ;d but in all seriousness - most people collect something and at some point i realized i love these little objects . 
  why not collect them ? 
  `` got ta catch 'em all ! '', 
  and shit :d, 
  imagine this guy 's first bowl with a normal lighter lol :d, 
  if they were refillable they would be in an entirely different class of lighter . 
  they would go from the best disposable lighter to the shittiest refillable lighter . 
  besides - right now they are way cheaper than most refillable lighters and are better made than any of those . 
  clippers come pretty close , especially with the included joint-stuffer but still - djeep is djeep . 
  that , and not to forget the 4000 lights guarantee , the badass shape and feel and the chambered gas tank ; , 
  you spoilt americunts have it so good ; /, 
  goddamn headshops selling you primo weed and all you need is to tell your doctor that you 're having trouble sleeping or eating or feel anxious . 
  motherfuckers even throw in goddamn flashlight lighters :o, 
  here dudes go to soviet-style prisons and get they asses raped by gypsies just for having a little spliff on them . 
  you should be very happy ;p, 
  it is a sad world where i can uptoke that only once . 
  funny thing is , i 've had one of those lighters in my right pocket at all times during the last 6 years of my life , and i am yet to have that happen to me . 
  i usually wear baggy jeans or at least loose-fitting cargo pants and not once has it happened . 
  mine usually last for so long that i just put them back on the shelf and grab a different one . 
  i think i 've only gotten to the bottom of one out of the 300 i own :d do you wear tight/cowboy pants by any chance ? 
  ( no offense intended :d ), 
  sad thing is that they are a good stand-up and 3 steps form my couch and pc , so when a stoner-friend jacks one , i have to ask that question , and then get up and get a new one off the shelf ;p, 
  id have to say that it 's a close call between the all-clear brown leather one in the top tight , the black ocb leather one that is not pictured and the fourth one on the third row ( the black and white one where it 's mostly white ), 
  weed or djeeps ? 
  that 's pretty sad having in mind how stoner-friendly cali is . . 
  wow that index finger thing is so awkward . 
  do you also wipe your ass with your elbow lol ;d, 
  where do you work bro ? 
  another mod that is pretty easy is removing the safety of the wheel for easier lighting . 
  i di ot to most of mine - it 's pretty easy . 
  was just telling my entwive how much i like the way this guy phrases himself . 
  one love bro , 
  come to sofia to toke up : , 
  fern gully is like . . avatar for kids who do n't have trees yet ;d, 
  cheers mate - it only took me about 4 years without going on special trips to buy them  i just picked them up whenever i saw them . 
  i have lost many and have been too broke to buy many that i wanted but seeing how many uptokes i got made me feel a lot better about the collection : , 
  regarding what you asked for bulgarian buds - they are nice !, 
  can i please have an invite for torentleech please ? 
  thank you good redditors !, 
  sorry forgot this apparently - http://imageshack.us/m/819/3096/proofu.jpg, 
  its in bulgarian but i hope it works - thanks again !, 
  better than a blowjob !, 
  i think it was from idra 's stream when he started to just leave out of a bunch of games in quick succession . 
  it 's supposed to be the shrug of `` whatever - f10 , n '', 
  way to raise , bro ;  [ 6 ], 
  this is almost better than my mlg weed-bag !!, 
  great job !, 
  two shamshirs and a maul for an once is not a bad deal ;p, 
  me too :    , 
  sorry about that - i never thought that anyone could not see the relation :p i guess i 've always chosen djeep for my toking and lots of people have told me they agree it is best . 
  i do thin of it as the stoner lighter ( at least over here in eastern europe ), 
  no shit , huh : , 
  why would people downtoke so much on / r/trees : < < <, 
  about 3-4 years . 
  the photo is probly 6 months old now . 
  there are another 50 to add to it but arranging them for the photo and putting them back is hell :d next time there will be more :p, 
  and there 's the lucky lady hahaha : , 
  very much smarter than that entire `` tobacco at the stem of a joint '' idea earlier today . 
  this is how i 've done it for more than 10 years . 
  tobacco was never required or mixed in any of my trees . 
  one love : , 
  another point in the theory that a company that narrows it 's field of production comes out with better products . 
  i have to agree though , as a bulgarian who has lived in the us for a few years that i do understand the love for the bic . 
  when i was in the states i smoked out of glass with a bic in 95 % of the cases , but in bulgaria it 's joints with a djeep ; , 
  cheers frient : , 
  most have been used a few times . 
  a few are empty . 
  some have been only lit once or twice :  i just pick up new ones whenever i find them around . 
  also a lit of people bring them to me and even call me to ask `` dude do you have that one with the [ something ] ? '', 
  and then they come and i smoke the living daylight out of them ;d, 
  http://djeep.com/ seems to be their main site . 
  it seems some countries have a better exposure to these fine pieces of flame . 
  yes that 's me as you clearly see ;d, 
  i was to green and young in reddit to post my own photo but in them months since then ive worked up the courage :d as the topic states , i was inspired by the post about djeeps from today or yesterday . 
  i would be forever in your debt , and the story of the canadian ent and the lighters he sent me will be told and retold to every person who comes to partoke in the trees with me and asks about the djeeps ( which most of them do ;d ), 
  as opposed to the lighters she is a delicate flower < 3, 
  besides , once you get used to the good strong feel of a djeep in your hand you just ca n't go back ; , 
  kindly refer to the post here by enttypical , frient . 
  yo dawg , i heard you like cookies . . 
  and david attenborough . 
  what he said, 
  when i do that by myself sometimes i keep smoking for almost an hour .
