  does anybody have any idea what rakharo is holding ? 
  i just asked . 
  for those interested :, 
  does it not appear in the op ? 
  i can see it fine . 
  bulgarian zerg giantt is now gm in eu and na . 
  some very entertaining games on his stream !, 
  i am a 25 year old bulgarian heavy marijuana smoker that has been through a lot . 
  from the worst of the worst to the best of the best . 
  mine is a tale of belief and self-worth . 
  i would be happy to do an ama for my frients and blow your minds with the mindfuckery i 've been through . 
  it is keen from the korean progaming team mvp . 
  he is a professional starcraft 2 player who is in code s of the gsl . 
  ( the gsl is the global starcraft league . 
  `` code s '' are the current top 32 ranked players ), 
  keen is known for his funny win ceremonies which not very many progamers do at all . 
  here is one more :, 
  giant tune !, 
  one of my favorite qualities of djeep lighters is that they have a big flat surface that you can use to cover your bowl air-tight . 
  they also last forever and almost never fail to light on the first flick < 3, 
  edit :, 
  also the giant gas button !, 
  much easier to press !, 
  thank you , frient , 
  i have to mention - we live in bulgaria and bics are not widely available , just as djeeps are not widely available in the states from what i hear . 
  i 'll definitely try lighting up with a bic when i get the chance : ] you should also try a djeep sometime if you come across one - you wo n't be disappointed . 
  feels good , man !, 
  you ca n't . 
  i think djeep are trying to compete in the market of non-refillable lighters . 
  if they could be refilled they would probably be more expensive and would have to compete with zippos and other higher quality lighters . 
  i have no idea where i got it , frient , but i am willing to send it to you if you pm me , 
  they sell them everywhere in bulgaria . 
  i think they are made in france . 
  wow , man  i 'm honored - uptokes for you !, 
  uptokes for everyone !, 
  very very nice , 
  where can we see the rest ? 
  i 've bought every blizz game and i 've never been invited to beta . 
  i 've also never won anything in my life . 
  if i could get a key to play hs ( which looks amazing , btw ) , it would make me very happy . 
  thanks for the opportunity !, 
  http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/30936/ ? 
  i would say this is the best looking combination of mods on the nexus right now . 
  i tried getting it to work twice ( spending a whole day both times ) and still cant make it to look as good as the videos but i 'm getting there . 
  for those of you who want more info :, 
  the juice media rap news is a brilliant project by hugo farrant and giordano nanni . 
  i suggest you watch a few episodes to see the way they mix humor with real issues all in bars and a pleasant visual . 
  the one time something similar happened to me went like this . 
  i was just walking somewhere and i felt that there was a rock inside my shoe ( skateboarding-style shoes ) but i did nothing about it . 
  i just kept kicking it away with my big toe and decided i 'll just take it out when i take my shoes off . 
  fast-forward to the evening when i take my shoes off and out comes the torso of this giant fucking shiny neon blue / purple / green beetle and all of its legs and antennae and shit that i apparently disconnected form the body while kicking it around in my shoe all day . 
  so glad it was n't a spider . 
  damn . 
  scary . 
  mr. dogg/lion ,, 
  what is your opinion on so called conscious rappers like akala and lowkey ? 
  what do you think about their message ? 
  do you agree with them on the evil nature of the music industry ( specifically promoting violence and racism through the mainstream hiphop artists ) ? 
  gf of seven years moved out while i was at work . 
  i feel you , man . 
  fuck friday the 13th !, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  getting bulgaria on the sc2 map !, 
  gj all involved, 
  please , good people of reddit . 
  please . 
  big one , mate !, 
  fighting game called bio f.r.e.a.k.s. 
  some that were already mentioned and i agree with :, 
  primal, 
  giants : citizen kabuto, 
  thanks for contributing man < 3, 
  very nice !, 
  hey , 
  i am the product manager for qello and i am more than willing to check in our database for any concerts you might be interested in . 
  pm me if that sounds good !, 
  i 'm snatchin ' all you bitches at my leisure, 
  how would we go about in suggesting this ti the devs in such a way that it becomes clear that there is , in fact , demand for such a feature ? 
  i 'm saying more in terms of visibility , rather than wording . 
  i 'm pretty sure that wording the need for such a feature will be the easy part . 
  the tricky part , i believe , will be getting the devs ( who are surely up to their eyebrows in suggestions ) to read it and having enough people post/support / +1 the initiative so that the devs see that this is indeed a feature that numerous people would be glad to have . 
  and yes , i totally agree with you . 
  i think that the setting/landscape/world of teso is the main character in the game . 
  the character you make at the beginning is just an extension of yourself that you use to explore the immense character that is the teso world , and it should be a top priority for the devs to make sure that exploring and `` getting to know '' that character easily is top priority !, 
  i really hope you are right . 
  such an add-on would change everything !, 
  nice post !, 
  i agree with most of these . 
  the one ui change i wan na see is here :, 
  feel free to add it to the list if you decide !, 
  i have added you on skype . 
  let me know when you get the invite , 
  exactly - i really think we should try to voice this opinion to the developers !, 
  i went through the same . 
  a couple of times it said that , and a little later i noticed my card was charged by greenmangaming . 
  am now waiting for their support to write me back . 
  same . 
  ebony hearth maybe ? 
  what server ? 
  how abt channel name ?
