  thankfully it jumped into the bushes after that , rather than protecting his area . 
  its kind of a sweeter sauce , usually found next to the hot dog sauce . 
  one of them is sweeter and both contain pieces of onion . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  forgot something in my post . 
  they 're called berliner . 
  edit : in nrw . 
  i guess it really is difficult . 
  maybe you have to wait until marriage and take the lastname of your partner . 
  i think you at least have to have a permanent resident permit to change your name in another country . 
  not in germany , but last year i heard a proposal to change that . 
   it could be that they 've paid for themselves multiple times over by this point . 
  i would say most certainly . 
  nothing to laugh about if someone wants to learn something . 
  a correction though : it is die beispiele and um zu lernen . 
  watch tatortreiniger !, 
  edit 2 : check the sidebar of r/germany, 
  we do n't actually need it . 
  germans train to dig trenches from a very young age , as everyone knows who has seen germans on a beach . 
  alcohol is much cheaper in germany . 
  unless you go to the oktoberfest, 
  everything on rtl . 
  edit : correction . 
  they had deutschland 83 . 
  but that 's it . 
  also , you can choose any country you want to start from . 
  just use trika-d\u00fcbel . 
  they are good for everything . 
  look at skyscanner.de . 
  for the cheap airlines you can get tickets for that price . 
  to denounce something it has to be serious before . 
  this is not the case with breitbart . 
  right wing propaganda is what it 's called here . 
  i have n't said anything about that at all , but breitbart is not a reliable source . 
  breitbart is just extreme right wing shit , not even worth mentioning . 
  breitbart as a source ? 
  seriously, 
  too many to list, 
  actually just started watching it , but i do n't know if i will watch farther than the first and a half episodes i watched . 
  too many mistakes ( e.g. 
  german signs ) or the pronounciation of the german words . 
  i needed to watch the intro 3 times to actually understand that the woman sings `` edelweiss '' , or in her pronounciation '' \u00c4d\u00e4lweisch '', 
  because they want to take part in a tournament , where the stadiums were basically built by slaves . 
  i do n't know yet . 
  depends on how things will develop . 
  but i can say for sure , that i will not watch a single game from the world cup in qatar . 
  also i find it a shame , that the german national team will take part in the tournament ( if they qualify ) . 
  football fan , but not a fan of putin or the russian politic . 
  i wo n't support that with spending money there . 
  difficult to say , this is entirely dependent on the preferences of a person : industrial culture/heritage ( and also nature ) : ruhrarea mountains and forest : bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg sea : north sea or eastsea you really wo n't have problems finding nice places in germany or europe . 
  actually it still exists , but in times of peace people wo n't be conscripted anymore . 
  yes , in the military , before the conscription was canceled . 
  you should edit your straw poll from yes and no to yes ( conscription ) , yes ( other ) and no . 
  i would guess , that the conscription is way higher than the other yes votes . 
  am a german . 
  also did dig holes in sand , and i still do n't know why . 
  maybe something genetic , that we need to build trenches for the next war ? 
  thanks !, 
  is there a duolingo course or something for esperanto ? 
  every dutch person seems to have one , and for some reason they are all on the german autobahn . 
  we need them , because driving cars here is at some point not possible , because there are caravans jamming the autobahn and streets . 
  for germany u/krautcop could give an answer, 
  yes . 
   `` fun '' fact : conspiracy nutjobs believe germany is n't a state , but a company due to some bad wording in our law . 
  `` personal '' is a word for employees in germany , so personalausweis could also mean `` employee id '' , which the nutjobs take as further proof for their theories . 
  this is , because they are idiots to begin with and are to fucking dumb to see , that the `` personal '' in personalausweis does n't come from employee , but rather personalien ( from latin personalis ) , which describes the personal data of a person . 
  edit : also you do n't need to carry it around . 
  you only have to have a valid id ( not expired ) . 
  in a case , you do n't have it on you , you can always go later to the police and show it to them . 
  a lot of people believe that you have to carry the id with you because of the name ausweispflicht . 
  turkey has been recognized geographically to europe for quite a while . 
  culturally and politically they 're going back in time at the moment though . 
  i guess the end-stop is something like 16th century . 
  make ottoman empire great again !, 
  i do n't like either of them . 
  if they removed all that light , maybe you could actually see the tree . 
  a few years ago i was mostly playing on pc , but the constant upgrading hard - and software , problems with games or the shitty copy-protection , less time to fix shit ( manual patching of files or other things to get the game running ) , less time for gaming at all , and playing on a comfortable couch is better than playing in a comfortable desk made me a ps4 player . 
  for some games which are n't available on ps4 ( e.g. 
  pillars of destiny ) i make a list to play one day , but since i do n't even have enough time to play all the ps4 games i own , it will never happen . 
  after the recent incidents you can soon call them north korea 2 . 
  definitly not european . 
   there are many european countries , including but not limited to denmark and germany , that are trying to increase their fertility rates by asking their citizens to have more babies . 
  what ? 
  where in germany have you seen that ? 
  most of europe is like the nike trademark : `` just do it ! '', 
  except for ireland and poland ( there is a discussion , if it should be forbidden ) . 
  veterinarians are very rarely in battles at all , so none . 
  not mandatory , but everyone who i know , who has done it , really liked it . 
  of course there were a lot of parties , but you actually do study , and learn the culture and language of another country . 
  if you lookl at the the german subs no one sees putin in a positive way . 
  if you do n't look at the right wing subs , there are no people supporting russia . 
  well , what countries do you want to visit ? 
  you would need one sim-card for each country , because of the roaming fees . 
  with the `` ou '' it looks and sounds like a name an orc would have ( at least in my mind ) . 
  tomorrow is a pizza and wine evening with friends , and on sunday i will make some gulasch . 
  sorry , it still does n't make sense to me why anyone would think travelling is bad . 
  i mean , you could argue , that flights are n't good for the nature , or that you can travel to dangeroues areas . 
  this i can understand . 
  but you have to be extremly narrow minded and/or an idiot , to think experiencing different cultures , languages , climates , geographical differences as a `` bad thing '' . 
  yes .
