  then chrome came along and worked on flash but was as fast as opera . 
  the choice was simple . 
  i try to go back to ff every so often , one time i did it it froze up my computers randomly for a few seconds and always felt slow compared to chrome . 
  i was also invested in the google ecosystem and chrome saved my bookmarks etc over platforms before ff did it so i really did n't see a need to change . 
  i will go back to ff during my next formatting for another try . 
  it 's about time . 
  hardware too . 
  nsa intercepted and bugged cisco routers . 
  the issue has more to do with the man not being allowed to take the time off ( employer forcing him give that time to the other parent ) than women not being hired because babies . 
  i thought it was 4.25 japans . 
  i do like peanuts , but i also love grapes and tea ... then again i hate corn but europe georgia got op in it . . 
  this is n't a simple choice . 
  it took me ages but i did it !, 
  thanks memrise !, 
  same , but i still got the `` dude , we just got in this awesome new series for you to watch '' only to find out it was blocked in my country . 
  wait , you are not scotland pants ? 
  we are watching you , that 's the whole point of the flair . 
  to label the enemy, 
  is it because of metal ? 
  saw some documentary on italians learning norwegian it and that was the main reason for most of them . 
  and iceland . 
  iceland resumed commercial whaling in 2006 . 
  sweden imports it from norway . 
  i live on the west coast . 
  a good 8-9 hours from the swedish border and there are swedish trucks that come here just to pick up our trash . 
  yupp . 
  finding the funny in things is much more fun than getting butthurt all the time . 
  where you py find offence we find a reason to laugh at seemingly sheltered people trying ` normal ' things . 
  kinda how feeding a lemon to a baby just to see it make faces . 
  its because it 's funny and not an insult to lemonkind . 
  government agency so they are trying to stay secular i imagine . 
  to someone that eats neither pinnekj\u00f8tt just looks like 80 % bones with some leftover meat and fat on it . 
  is that a decorative tablecloth thing on he computer ? 
  can you speak up , i cant hear you over all this oil wealth ? 
  nah , there is still the issue of you being swedes . 
  verizon , at & t etc. 
  they got their own android versions on the phones sold so updates are dependent on them to be released while othwrs only rely on the company making the phone to release one but carriers having that kind of control seems to be the thought to be the norm by some on r/android . 
  watching mythbusters put up a quick ` house ' and say it 's built to code for one of their experiments makes me wonder that first one as well . 
  i always just chalked it down to warm area = do n't need more than that or them just going for bare minimum of the code . 
  it 's fun to see how the german terms are the old terms used for the same institutions here in norway . 
  my dad still use those . 
  my bank do n't do it , they take the hit that i would have to pay if i withdraw from a different atm but seeing how people barely ever use cash any more i do n't think they are suffering much . 
  / r/android and carriers . 
  mad cow ? 
  there are 3 times more trees now than there was in 1925 . 
  in the 1960 each year over 100 million trees were planted but the trees are also growing much faster than predicted and no one is really sure why . 
  norway spruce is 44 % of the trees , pine is 31 % , with the remaining 25 % being leaf trees . 
  the rest of us get redirected to out own local google that has it 's own search thingy . 
  to use google.com you actually have to click a link telling google to stop redirecting you , even the other english speaking countires have their own regional google . 
  seeing how most people would n't care about what google they use , and in many cases google in their own language , you can safely say that the us are the main users of google.com as you are the majority english speaking nation in the world . 
  if alexa.com is anything to go by the us is at 32 % of the visitors while the next country , india is account for 9.6 % of visitors . 
  no matter how you look at it the us is the big contributor of input data that google uses to find a predicted search term . 
  i never got why choosing english was not an option on all local sites of major english site ever . 
  it 's not like they do n't have an english translation they can use . 
  sure i speak my native language but how about all the expats and immigrants that do n't yet or the people including natives speakers that just prefer english . 
  we all know the stores are closed on sundays so we try to plan ahead . 
  it 's irksome if you have managed to forget something but that 's about it . 
  old law , never was an issue so never got changed . 
  legally , the country is torn on the issue but it 's not a big issue just an issue that gets brought up from time to time . 
  norway does n't have nuclear weapons though . 
  more rex please, 
  teaching someone your language might be the best way to make discoveries like this . 
  having to explain this thing we use every day but never think about . 
  furthering a political career in something bigger than norway maybe ? 
   with that logic you might as well give sovereignty to every small town . 
   direct democracy would be enough . 
  like you said democracy aint fair but representative is not the only democratic model . 
  there is even ideas that do n't exist in the real world like democratic dictatorship . 
  choosing a ruler that has ultimate power , extreme representative i guess you could call it . 
  we are trying to merge municipalities at the time , even voting on joining . 
  the current government wanted to make the number from over 400 to under 100 . 
  they are barely going to get 30 that merge into larger ones . 
   and as part of the economic community you already follow most of the laws the eu has passed without having any power over them . 
  we did n't have a vote on this . 
  the people in power saw how the join eu vote was going and wrote norway into the eec without the consent of the people . 
  some parties want us to leave even that and get a better deal but the major parties do n't . 
  as for the 10 countries thing , there is 2 elections in norway . 
  one for local and one for country . 
  it 's not the model of `` this area gave x the most votes even if it 's only 30 % to represent them so x gets one vote and is supposed to represent all of these people . '', 
  it 's `` the entire country gave x y % of the votes so they get y representatives . '', 
  i would be more ok with this if we joined the eu than the current model as then at least my vote would be equal to everyone else and i would vote for a party that might align with my interests more , not some guy that only has the power of my small insignificant country and is somehow going to use that to push ahead . 
  i think i have answered most and in some way that makes sense . 
  i just vote up so i might not have . 
  enjoying this conversation though so could n't stop myself from replying . 
  more direct democracy . 
  joining the eu would end up with us picking people to represent us then those people would pick someone to represent us in the eu . 
  ( they barely represent us on most issues like how they want us closer to eu even though we voted to stay out of the thing time and time again . ), 
  now we would have one person to vote on things in a sea of representatives . 
  would we as a small country get one vote similar to countries much bigger than us ? 
  do n't sound fair but if big countries get more than us then we would be pretty much overrun by their choices . 
  have n't you heard the joke that if the current eu was a country it would n't be allowed to join the eu because it was too undemocratic ? 
  i feel like my country is undemocratic enough as it is . 
  i do n't need to join the eu just so i can feel even less democratic . 
  first one to not be `` why so rich '' . 
  i 'm glad it 's a positive one but at this point i would be happy with `` burns churches '' as long as it was something different than the rich thing . 
  how dare you get mad at him ? 
  it 's not a geographical region though so any change in geography would n't matter . 
  travel sub would be grand . 
  if this place grows i can only imagine it will attract more of those ` too lazy to do my own research ' tourists that i 've seen in other sub and a few times here . 
  some tours are guideless but brings you around to relevant sites .
