it will be the [ hairpin ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-n2q0as3cupy/top5aer1w7i/aaaaaaaadpy/s5yhbk6kz7k/s400/hairpin_0000.jpg ) of space . 
  windows 7 and windows 8.1, 
  my parents basically keeps one for my aunt , i do n't get it at all seeing how dialing a mobile number ai n't that hard if they already know how to dial a home number . 
  and ca n't all cellphones call emergency lines even without sims these days ? 
  how do you feel about denmark and why is it your least favorite scandinavian country ? 
  true , but any act done against palestine as a state would be worse in a way too would n't it ? 
  they would n't be clearing out the terrorists in the gaza are but invading palestine , a sovereign country ? 
  sounds worse to me . 
  if they browse advice animals we are all fucked . 
  entertainment not behind some copyright wall and easily accessible through legal channels like netflix etc. 
  the price of stuff in general probably in a ` how do people not go bankrupt from this ? ', 
  sort of way . 
  really should , even the food carts take debit these days . 
  merging them together like ingredients in a recipe . 
  the ingredients stop existing as single things and come together to form cake . 
  one langue to bind them all !, 
  even if everyone in norway only wanted one , the population would be split on which one to keep . 
  i on the other hand feel strongly for a merging of the two into samnorsk or contemporary norwegian for those that do n't speak our weird language . 
  spr\u00e5ker\u00e5det strikes me as people that want norwegian words for everything even though the ones in use are perfectly ok to use and has been used for many many years . 
  do n't shatter my stereotypes !, 
  i will imagine she had a concealed carry license . 
  and it will stay a dream !, 
  non-eu master mountain folks . 
  we protect you from the north sea !, 
  so the navy ? 
  nah , and from what i hear those refresher courses are apparently rare , some do lots other never did it . 
  it 's odd . 
  conscripts are never sent into armed situations unless they want to . 
  they are just there for training really . 
  there is also the option for non military work during your time as a conscript due to religious or moral reasons . 
  a buddy of mine worked on a ship that got sent down to africa during his draft time to fight pirates . 
  he was told he would be reasigned to somewhere else but he did have the option to join them if he wanted to . 
  he was told that he would have to sign on as real military personnel instead of being a conscript for 6 months and he did even though he only had 2-3 months left of his draft . 
  made mads amount of money due to all the bonuses of being on an actual mission . 
  if the nazi invasion of norway thought us anything is that our army ai n't worth much so having lots of people with the knowledge to defend better as a militia at least will do wonders just in case . 
  it 's usually just about one year of service then over the years you are called in for refresher exercises that last a month . 
  the 18 months thing is how much you should do during your lifetime , not in one go . 
  hell , it 's about time . 
  there is still a bunch of poles that do n't speak norwegian or english . 
  they usually come with one guy that does speak one or both and are hired with him as a translator . 
  it really depends on who hires them , some are ok hire people that do n't speak either , others wo n't hire anyone that do n't speak either . 
  the ones that work for my father only spoke english but learned norwegian over time and now they all live here with their families . 
  the ones i worked with during summer did not speak either but they did have a guy that spoke english , a good deal of norwegian , russian and french . 
  us colorblind folks have a `` angry at charts and maps union '' and we will leave comments like this until we can get gray scale or shapes maps to dominate the world . 
  they sure are hard working , just hard to tell them what to do though as some of them do n't speak english or anything but their own language . 
  they are kind of like germany in that way . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ kid , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sort ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ of . 
  e : most -  some, 
  why would they have to resign for voting ? 
  was n't it basically the same thing just not in name as in they were partners not married but with the same benefits as married couples ? 
  they did and it was good , then they started making shit and it was not good . 
  we put minecraft on the back of each note and now you are giving us sass ?!, 
  that 's it , no minecraft on the notes and sweden is not invited to our birthday party , invite estland instead . 
  nationality is not about blood at all . 
  how you grew up , the education you got , the culture you were exposed to and was a part of , the experiences and the mentality you get from living in a country does . 
  you are norways mexico . 
  the thing is we actually produce 99 % renewable but ` trade it ' so others can claim to use renewable while we take on some of their non renewable power . 
  try asking in / r/askeurope , might get more people answering there . 
  the amount of drama that would cause in the us/israel camp would be insane . 
  while gaming i tend to meet , british , irish , dutch and nordics while the other countries are on their own language servers . 
  for some reason this takes away some of the feeling of a unified europe for me and leaves me with an ` us ' and ` them ' feeling . 
  us being the ones playing on eu servers speaking common english while the others are the ones that come to our servers speaking their own language or , what happens in most cases , you rarely ever see or hear . 
  danes really are the villain of scandinavia . 
  less than great , but still pretty good britain . 
  no , you ca n't have snipers and vikings man . 
  love that france use to much nuclear power . 
  used to be nrk p3 that 's for youths but more and more nrk nyheter an all-news radio channel that send lots of bbc stuff aswell as norwegian radio . 
  is israel even in europe ? 
  post tax and how much i get per month . 
  oh , i meant the scots should leave , but i guess they had to join at all first seeing how they would be a separate country now ? 
  leave eu , join the non eu master race . 
  damn that 's an extensive list . 
  very nice !, 
  2/10 would not join . 
  my reasons is basically the same as / u/mauvaisconseil but he/she put it way better than i ever would . 
  my personal gripe though is that it feels less democratic that what we have now and i 'm not even happy about that . 
  it does n't feel like a union but more of a club with vastly different people in it where some are trying to push the union/federal aspect onto people . 
  keep it an economic union , not this seemingly desperate need to make it a federal state and/or political union too . 
  i do n't want the pension fund to end up being a ` prop up the less successful countries ' fund . 
  the eu does n't seem to being to good . 
  why is it about eu too ? 
  i do n't think that made any sense . 
  i blame it on an unwillingness to speak english rather than not having it as a first language . 
  expect an overwhelming yes answer , this place is hugely pro eu . 
  no i do n't though , if there would be something that would make me not want to join the eu even more than i do it would be a federal union . 
  blind hate ? 
  flashion . 
  would n't the majority blame be on the french government that made something so easily exploitable ? 
  butter , what is this 2011 ? 
  / r/norge has been defaulted for norwegians , saw the mod post from there one time i forgot to log on . 
  is turkey getting this as a default ? 
  lets hope we get more eu haters/skeptics too then , balance things out . 
  europeans do n't seem to know the difference either , the number of maps claimed to be of europe tend to be eu only was quite high some time ago . 
  always a disappointment when you go to look at it in hopes of seeing your country stacked up against other countries only to find you are n't part of the map . 
  your economy ? 
  you ca n't you go around calling people german man !, 
  gee , the nerve of some people . 
  the us has been getting better each cup while england gets worse so i think england doing good would really be a change we did n't see coming and it would be post worthy . 
  gods , no wonder i always felt swedes were chatterboxes compared to us norwegians , just look at all that !, 
  i do n't think people need more reasons not to join the eu,
