  norway 's population lives very spread out so there are tons of areas with only a few thousand people . 
  only 6 cities in norway have over 100 000 people in them . 
  to create any sort interest for kids to start the game you would need some kind of league . 
  for that you would have each of these areas to have a rink so they do n't have to drive an hour or more to have someone to play against or to train . 
  to put it in perspective on my island of 40 000 people there are at least 5-6 clubs for soccer and each club has teams in different age groups . 
  this gives them a lot of teams to play in a short drive from their area and there are many more teams just a bit further away . 
  to give each of these teams an ice rink that 's a lot of money they have to spend that most of them do n't have and that 's not even including the price of keeping the thing frozen . 
  tl ; dr no one wants to spend and potentially waste money on something there is no interest in and there is no interest because no one wants to spend money on it . 
  ne : for aggression norway got metal and binge drinking . 
  if you ever want to talk to a nice guy try the guy in corpse paint . 
  it 's the lesser , some what more mentally stable evil though . 
  yes , stay free and hang out with norway . 
  we can have viking parties and laugh at silly eu countries . 
  can you change your flag , it 's not colorblind friendly enough and i keep confusing it with the clearly superior norwegian one . 
  according to this map the water would stop just outside my parents house . 
  note to self , get your old stuff out of their basement . 
  i do n't know man , who do you think they will turn to for refuge ? 
  norway has expensive beer so that 's a no go for a dane so that only leaves one option now does n't it ? 
  it might be their problem , but when their problem causes us to lose money it becomes out problem as well . 
  booze and stand at the border chucking rocks at ~ ~ swedes ~ ~ finns ? 
  i really had no view of them , they were just that huge country with a pretty flag . 
  weirdly designed furniture . 
  i blame the germans and their ` ooo , we do everything super well ' attitude . 
  how about half assing it for once guys ? 
  why not hammer and sickle ? 
  if you want to yes , some chose not to do it to make sure they do n't pay to little in taxes and isnstead get a larger tax return around summer time . 
  i like tax returns as they give you a higher interest rate than you would get if the same amount of money was stored in the bank . . or at least my bank . 
  that we are super rich country that survives on oil money alone . 
  nope , there are rules and regulations preventing us from using most of the money . 
  most of our infrastructure is paid by taxes one way or the other . 
  all the other streotypes comes from swedes and danes but we have just as many jokes about them so we do n't mind those , just silly sibling rivalry, 
  it says so on the picture . 
  this is often how posts are on here . 
  title says `` something something europe '' , the thing it 's linked to says eu . 
  what was that ? 
  i could n't hear you over this massive stack of oil wealth ? 
  wait , we wrap out dead in plastic ? 
  maybe not him but what about other parties further down the line . 
  remember that giving power to the ones in charge now also gives the power to whoever might be in power later . 
  so pollution on an earth changing scale , something that might bring more typhoons like the one just experienced just now , the massive oil spills like the one a few years ago by bp , ironically more radioactive pollution you get from coal and the thousands every year that die from coal mining is preferable to the potential failure/sabotage of a nuclear power plant ? 
  deaths per kw/h makes nuclear power the safest alternative of any option . 
  p.s : if you are worried of a nuke type explosion for a nuclear power plant that 's impossible by the way . 
  i tried to go over to ff after a full format of my computer , start fresh and all . 
  the shitty thing still freezes my computers at random intervals for up to 30 seconds making it utterly useless for me . 
  spanish , i could have sworn it would have been german or at least french long before spanish . 
  my school did n't even have spanish as an option . 
  norway has a blasfemy law , last time someone was actually convicted for it though was in 1912 and the last trial was against arnulf \u00d8verland with his poem ` christianity - the tenth plague ' but he was not convicted . 
  it has on the other hand banned ` the life of brian ' in 1980 for a year ( it was marketed in sweden as `` so funny it was banned in norway '' ) . 
  some people have tried to invoke it like the muslim population with the mohammed drawings and banning salman rushdie 's book ` satanic verses ' . 
  the christian population for general ` someone said mean things ' but none of these have ever caused arrests , fines or anything beyond the initial complaint . 
  if you are n't in the eu you are n't european / s, 
  ah , so it really is a eu and not europe thing . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  hmm , i always heard norway did great during this crisis so i ca n't help but wonder if we did even worse than spain and greece ( wich i highly doubt ) since we are not on the list . 
  why they went with 20 out of the 23 or so european oecd countries i do n't get , maybe it 's really the eu countries ( not sure why they excluded luxembourg then though ) . 
  i got more questions but still , interesting numbers . 
  in reality oil and skiing , what we like to believe the cheese cutting thing , being a diplomatic nation and paper clips . 
  for not it 's just a ` random countries drawn from a hat ' subscription . 
  well we have more in common with you guys than russians that do n't use english at all . 
  always the same problem when playing games where there are no server lists , only ` we find server for you ' for mp . 
  you end up with russians that do n't speak english and have the joyful habit of mic always on letting you hear every sound around them . 
  as for other games the french , spanish and germans tend to stick to their own language servers while the rest of us play english ones . 
  every mmo i 've ever played i meet more scandies than all other nationalities put together . 
  online europe is weird like that . 
  written on phone so i hope there are n't to many errors . 
  i agree , we are northern europe , not western in my eyes . 
  the question is n't about flairs , but the reddit alien ( also known as snoo and located at the top left part of the screen ) holding an israeli flag . 
  guess the same reason lots of contests have the wrong name . 
  it 's a historical name . 
  like the world cup , you no longer compete to win a cup but a trophy . 
  the infamous gentlemen and their deadly teaspoon martial arts . 
  eu not europe, 
  my uneducated ways say it 's sorta like scandinavia , but with more hobbitses and less asshole politicians . 
  think it 's more about him being a dick about it . 
  lot of posts on / r/europe keeps referring to eu as europe even though that is not the case . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  in norway , not at all . 
  99 % of what is made is renewable but we trade it with sweden and whatnot so what you take out off your outlet is actually 30 % renewable/30 % nukelear power/30 % fossil fuel . 
  12 % on things you take home , ( normal stuff ) 25 % on food you eat in the restaurant ... 
  i think, 
  source ? 
  hopefully it has a way for me to see all those tiny squares . 
  preferably not . 
  if we are going to join however the eu needs to change because right now , even more than before , it seems like a crappy club to join . 
  more direct democracy and less representative democracy ( i want that here too for that matter ) is one thing i would prefer . 
  like here in norway i do n't see how a bunch of economists and lawyers should make new laws on things they know just as little about as the rest of the populous . 
  norway is a tiny country and it seems to work for us while the eu is big and it does n't seem to work for them . 
  seeing how all other large empires have failed at some point or in some way or the other we are just going to sit back and look at how things will play out for now . 
  maybe when the eu seems more attractive we will join you because i do n't think we are against joining the club , just against joining a club that does n't seem fun at all . 
  think of it like this . 
  no matter how great the people in charge is , no matter if they are morally just in every way imaginable they will eventually die and someone else will take over . 
  this person might not be so morally just . 
  do you really want to give them power to regulate the internet , to someone you have no idea will be a good match for the internet or not ? 
  you might think that wo n't happen but look at the sopa guy . 
  he is now chairman of the committee on science , space and technology and that was after hes sopa and pipa crap got shot down . 
  sometimes the wrong people just end up in jobs where they should n't be . 
  there was that whole us spying on scandinavia without permission a few years back too . 
  i do n't think they would fix it , but maybe act less like entitled assholes if we started to tell them to shove off and treat allies like allies and less ` potential new enemy ' . 
  i 'm going to admit i do n't know my balkan countries . 
  i know general area but i missed which was wich .
