  not being able to move away . 
  i quite enjoyed reading this thread . 
  kudos to all that participated . 
  depends on where you are moving . 
  one part of the country getting a job is hard because oil prices tanking = rise in unemployment = lots of people apply for jobs , even unskilled . 
  usually brew friele or evergood in a moccamaster machine . 
  never had starbucks coffee though so could n't say . 
  look at mister fancy pants with his cheese . 
  it used to be called that before 97 here . 
  we have never lost against brazil in soccer , 2wins and 2 draws so far . 
  understand the culture , follow some of the norms and speak the language . 
  do n't even have to have a official citizenship . 
  accent does n't matter at all either . 
  some sort of integration and understanding i guess is all i consider to be needed . 
  good on ya . 
  if you leave might get some other deal among us non eu that is n't the eec . 
  not that our politicians would do anything to upset the eu . 
  the norwegian heavy water sabotage maybe ? 
  maybe an 8 out of 10 . 
  efficient compared to other government systems . 
  not sure what you mean by rationing . 
  they are but i heard something about a company not wanting to sell some drugs to us any more because we wanted them too cheap . 
  that was a while ago now though so who knows what might have changed . 
  drugs are super cheap , after paying a certain amount in co-pay ( think that is the word ) they become free along with all other medical expenses . 
  there are 800 members in the baseball and softball association devided over 28 cubs . 
  apparently there is one close to me , i had no idea . 
  i had to look up the info stated above . 
  i had no idea there was anything like this near me and if someone said there was i would have thought they were fucking with me . 
  the only reason i can see it being a plus over other immigrants would be at least you speak english . 
  too many of work migrants do n't speak a common language well . 
  hard worker are no use when half that hard work is used to repair mistakes . 
  if someone is moving here or are long time workerd though they all need to learn the local language no matter how well they speak english . 
  i do n't tip unless im drunk and dont want coins iny pocket . 
  only for the adds during halftime . 
  being on reddit its impossible to avoid it . 
  without a doubt . 
  my favorite national anthem of all time . 
  the only times i have cash is when i get cash gifts for bday etc or when my father pays me back after doing some shopping for him something . 
  i would claim 80 are debit users for stores etc. 
  not at all i would say . 
  had a small surge in 2002-ish but that 's it . 
  this had been asked lots of times so searching for similar posts will give you some more answers . 
  its not bad but its all in one area so you notice it if you live there . 
  where i work now work had 40 applicants for a 50 % secretary job . 
  many of them were people you would never expect to apply for it at all as well so you do notice it . 
  ca n't say for every country . 
  here in norway the drop in oil prices left many unemployed . 
  sucks to go job hunting in those areas i can attest to as people want jobs . 
  compared to some of the countries at the worst of the euro crisis its nothing at all though . 
  i think spain and greece had the worst unemployment numbers . 
  you can google to find unemployment numbers for the eu , i think its 4.9 % in norway atm . 
  by that standard of comfortable and as one person a full time job i would guess at a 98 % chance for yes . 
  but who knows in these times . 
  what do you mean by `` does it pay enough for a comfortable life ? '' . 
  i might be wrong in my assumption but working a full time skilled job that s yes , even unskilled in some cases . 
  it all comes down to what you think is `` a comfortable life '' and how many people to support on it etc. 
  there are many factors to consider . 
   it 's really hard to find in europe . 
  i would disagree with you on this for norway at least . 
  easy to find in both cubes , loose and a common sight in places you buy coffee/tea along with white sugar . 
  the price of el being at 0.1 euro per kwh vs gas at 1.3 euros for a liter the el car is much cheaper . 
  but i ca n't afford the start sum of a brand new el car as the job market is odd atm . 
  with gas i can pay less for the car but more for gas . 
  this means in case of joblessness not driving the car stops that money drain the gas car was . 
  an el car would take me much longer to pay off and if a loss of job happened that would be a serious drain on reserves . 
  its also a work car , do n't worry as much about a used car getting dirty vs new . 
  if i had a permanent job i would thing about el more seriously . 
  homegrown terrorism will happen . 
  you dont get aliens ? 
  you totally missing out , neptunian food it soo good . 
  you get what i mean though right ? 
  how would you have said it ? 
  im writing on my phone so my mind is trying to the least amount of words i need to type as it feels infuriating , slow and make me typo prone . 
  im amazed how some people manages to only reddit on their phone and not fling the phone across the room after 15min of doing it . 
  there is a seperarion between things that are american and the american government . 
  it feels like its saying i cant like tea and hate coffe because both are hot drinks so i got to either love both or hate both . 
  i would n't say it 's at risk but that i just what a nationalist is . 
  blind love of your country and it 's people , a beliefe than you are better than someone else because you belong to that country . 
  us good , them bad mentality . 
  a difference i feel on european vs us `` racism '' , for a lack of a better encompassing trem , is that us racism is very much about skin colour while europen racism can be more about hate based on country . 
  the us being more meltingpot basing of country would be difficult and europe having countires that have been at war longer than the us have existed hate just based on location is simple . 
  patriotism is the same for most but we indulge in it just for fun during sports . 
  when our team lose though we are quick to be patriots for our area . 
  norway loses we will start cheering for sweden , then denmark etc. 
  federation sounds like such a bad idea to me . 
  it 's like giving more power to a union that has shown itself to not be worthy of the power it already has . 
  cold and strategic sounds sorta dicatorshippy . 
  we are more to the left . 
  even right wing parties see the benefit of nhc they just differ on how it should be done . 
  nationalism = you are most likely a racist wanting to keep the country pure . 
  other nations that are too different are dirty etc. 
  patriotism = that thing we all have when watching some sort of competition between other countries e.g. 
  sports that are mostly just done for fun . 
  the eu is not looked upon favourable here . 
  i 'm sure it will last , i only see it ending by a slow slow death because the last member states will refuse to let it die even if all signs point towards ending it ages ago . 
  i do n't like general opinions on a whole people so i do n't . 
  like any nation it has it 's good and bad . 
  however you also talk about europes view on the us in 2003-2004 but realize that having a view of the us ( that would be the government not it 's people ) is different as things done are done as an entity . 
  sure the government is ` representative of the people ' but no action ever has 100 % approval and no politician is always representing the majority so i wo n't prejudge and hold the governments action against a person just for being from there . 
  does this make sense ?
