  i know lots of people from all walks of life with tattoos , it 's just a thing people do like piercings . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  for some it is just the economic union it started out as and any sort of federalism mixed in is a bad idea . 
  for others making it a federal union is a great idea . 
  as for an end game i do n't think there is one , more an economic union we see where ends up on the end depending on what people want and who is in charge . 
  i think you would get more answered if the questions were n't so open in a way . 
  a lot of these questions makes me wonder where to even start so sub questions of things you want to need about each thing would be much better . 
  depends on the carrier and what deals they have with other companies do n't it ? 
  the real issue i would worry about is price , no way i would use data abroad , just wait for a wifi hot-spot or something instead . 
  i live on the west coast of norway and weather here changes a lot , at least where i am . 
  then i moved to the east to go to school and i had to get used to the weather . 
  same weather for long periods of time that is n't rain or wind is freaking surreal . 
  and they got actual winters and not the slush fest we get . 
  i came to the conclusion that western norway and the mountains in the middle of norway works as a breakwater for anything east of there aka sweden and ` the easterners ' . 
  this is of course not backed up by anything but my anecdotal evidence . 
  sure , but it 's far from the most common thing to spend your vacation days on . 
  we get 30 days off ( 36 if you are over 60 ) not including ` red days ' or public holidays like during easter , christmas etc. 
  that 's a lot of days to spend on home improvement so unless you redecorate every year a minority of the days go to that . 
  staycations are normal though but so is going on vacations for warmer weather for a week or two , rent a cabin or hotelroom to go skiing , visit family etc. . 
  uk english and grammar, 
  i guess catalonia is n't considered a country so it do n't get a flag , same reason the us only gets one and not a bunch of state flags too . 
  there is an andorran flag up top of the sub so odd they do n't got a flag flair for it . 
  message the mods ? 
  tech new goes beyond being from a or b , it 's just tech news . 
  i care more about finding out about all cool tech news world wide that it being `` local '' . 
  why would they forget their own language just because they knew how to speak a second language well ? 
  nothing makes the eu feel less than a union than the fact that it does n't have a common language that they all speak . 
  gaming online you find the nordics , irish , gb and netherlands hang out with each other while the rest of the union stays in their own balls of ` our language only ' never to be heard from . 
  on odd occasions you find mic always on russians or the odd germans that actually speak english but sadly most of the time it 's germans that speak broken english in an effort to try to get the rest of us to speak german . 
  i think you are mixing your brands . 
  the smiling boy/girl is on the [ leverpostei ] ( http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3001/2872357998_74fdf080da.jpg ) ( liver paste , a great way to get iron and tasty ) while the mackerel in tomato sauce only has a picture of a mackerel on it , both are yellow . 
  the small portion packs look somewhat similar but they are far from the same thing . 
  you can get both in those small portion packs you speak of , i 'm used to them coming in [ packs of 6 ] ( http://img.bramat.no/images/stories/tester/fiskepaaleggpaaboks_2014-02/stabburet-finhakket_makrell_i_tomat_580.jpg ) , [ somewhat larger hermetic tins ] ( http://lindasblogg.no/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/knekkebr%c3%b8d-og-fisk-001-600x360.jpg ) or the [ really large ones ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/makrell_i_tomat,_boks_2013.jpg ) that used to be the norm . 
  they are both made by stabburet, 
  depends , older people probably still have some of the ` tattoo = bad people ' thoughts but seeing how more and more people have tattoos these days , even the nice nurses that come to you for home care , the friendly guy at the register where you shop , people you know , even their own kids and so on and so on the ` bad people ' stamp is only held by a few . 
  now it 's just a thing . 
  even i considered doing it but it being a permanent thing i ca n't chose . 
  maybe when i hit my midlife crisis i will have more of a ` fuck it ' attitude and might get one . 
  depends on that laws of each country i guess , like / u/jahmez showed with the us tax law . 
  the olympics was a controversy . 
  now there is a bit with the blues selling parts of norways shares in what basically is state owned businesses . 
  krf or the christian peoples party had a bit of a stir a while back by wanting to give doctors the right to not refer patients to abortions and the coalition almost agreeing on it . 
  it was shot down in the end . 
  there was also a bit of a kerfuffle when the language in our constitution was going to be updated to more modern to add some line about family being a important value ( again krf ) or something ( ca n't really remember ) but many felt it was to vague as it never said what a family was and how it could be used later in a bad way . 
  it was not included but it came down to one vote and that was from abid raja , the rest of his party all voted yes on it , he said no . 
  i love that guy . 
  you comment a lot in / r/europe do n't you ? 
  i feel like i know your name from somewhere . 
  twinings is high end stuff then ? 
  how about lipton ? 
  i think i would enjoy living there , the people seem nice and all ( i would after all pick a state i agreed with the most ) , but the government and the things they are doing both inside the country and outside aka foreign relations just makes me not want to live there at all . 
  i would also worry constantly about getting sick even if i had insurance . 
  no idea at all . 
  probably know more about us work life than them . 
  norway only . 
  i 'll gladly answer to the best of my ability any questions you might have on it . 
  my experience is in what i guess you could call manual labor job , automation tech , but it 's also a career job as you work your way up from worker to different levels of boss in a matter of speaking . 
  most of this info can however be used as a general pointer to jobs in norway . 
  a work day is 7.5 hours a day , +30 mins for lunch is considered a standard work day . 
  37.5 hours is a week . 
  you get 25 work days off , some let you chose when you want them , other companies have set weeks , anyone over 60 get +5 days off . 
  you have 12 days to use as sick days without a doctors note . 
  doctor notes are required if you have been sick 3 days or more days in a row or 3 or more days in a row over 16 days . 
  it differs a bit depending on employer . 
  if you have 1-2 kids you get 10 days of ` child sickness days ' 15 if you have 3 or more kids . 
  e : changed some wrong things, 
  just to be happy i think . 
  have enough money to live comfortable while still doing things you enjoy . 
  money is only an issue when you do n't have enough . 
  it 's a personal thing , there really is n't a reason to tell anyone unless it comes up natural in the same way you do n't tell people what you voted in the last election . 
  neither is wrong to bring up but forcing the issue of anything , especially topics that can be so volitile like politics and religion sort of setts off a red flag so to speak . 
  when i meet a person i will be more interested in where they are from , what they do and so forth . 
  like any place thought there are the vocals of religion and non religion but most keep it to them self as it really is a personal thing . 
  wow , even our local food trucks got card readers here . 
  less and less people walk around with actual cash on them so debit cards is something pretty much anyone got these days . 
  even my dad got one so that he can take out money whenever and not be reliant on the banks closing times . 
  i use my debit card whenever asked for id . 
  when traveling i do n't really need one but i guess a passport would be brought with me if going to say , the uk . 
  cops have never asked me for id but if they did i would still use my debit . 
  i also have a drivers license to use as an id on top of my debit just in case . 
  japan maybe . 
  me personally , no . 
  then again i also have hard time accepting turkey as european . 
  i love the dutch , it 's one of those countries you can find on english euro servers with the rest of us . 
  not like those filthy ... well you know who you are !, 
  the only union i would be open to would ve a scandinavian one . 
  countries of equal hdi , culture and mindset , all small but equal vs eu very different in too many ways . 
  more direct democracy , when the government puts things into action that a huge majority is against then it 's not a representative democracy in any way . 
  stop being so far up eu 's ass , we voted against joining it so how about we not being the country that implements the most eu directives after malta ? 
  more people being actively interested in politics . 
  less ` small town ' mentality . 
  sovereign wealth funds son . 
  do n't forget about starting . 
  you looked at war and went ` nah , we can do this better ' and that 's the german way . 
  always making the rest of us look like slackers no matter what you do . 
  yeah , they are over 100 medals in total behind us most of that being gold , we got twice the number of gold medals they have . 
  finn.no and qxl.no are two big ones in norway . 
  a conservative censorship tosser is all i know about him . 
  semi so considering they also do the religious bit but if that 's just lip service for votes or actually believe it is hard to know , they are certainly right wing . 
  it 's hard to judge as the issues they are fighting for are some that even the right wingers here agree on and have agreed on for ages now .
