  `` we are in this spot for 2 hours , go enjoy at your own leisure '' sort of deal, 
  there are at least a few different brands in everyday stores . 
  i like it and even have a jar of it in front of me right now . 
  sweden, 
  there is a nato base , that 's it here i think . 
  italy with the dolomites but i 'm biased towards mountains, 
  one of the cheaper brands is made by the same company that make the more pricey brand . 
  i think xtra its made by maarud , should say so on the bag . 
  no , not by law at least . 
  if it is though i have a lot more days off that i do n't know about . 
  around 12 if i counted the days correctly in the source i found . 
  mostly christian holidays but also national day , workers day and the first new years day . 
  christmas ( 24th here ) and new years eve are half days . 
  this year however a lot of the days fell on weekends + one extra day from leap year so not a great year for extra time off . 
  just had a train strike but all on all not that often i 'd say . 
  25 days , 30 days if you are over 60, 
  david crockett has a kids song about him so i know the name from there . 
  got to admit i did n't know he was a real person but thought he was a character for the song until my teens . 
  even then i would n't have been able to tell you why he was famous up until a couple of months ago . 
  appleseed i found out about not too long ago through a podcast but beyond that never heard of him . 
  the rest no . 
  if the calculation thing i found is correct it 's 35 % for that amount in 2017 . 
  i saw a post on reddit a year or more ago on electronic pricetags and lots seemed like this was new tech by a sizable chunk of the us commenters , but not all . 
  we have had them for 10 or so years so i was surprised . 
  i can check my prescription online . 
  that one has been new for more than just people from the us so not sure that one counts as an answer . 
  i just sort of assume everyone has a thing if we have them so those were odd to me . 
  not really answering your question but i ca n't say i know us law well enough to know what is illegal . 
  this seemed semi related though i guess . 
  and nav.no, 
  i would n't say we did speak the same accent of english even if from the same country at least not here in norway . 
  super easy to pick out a swede , dane or finn . 
  like the mob guy in john wick , he was some sort of slavic origin bit spoke heavily swedish accented english . 
  this of course does not include people that are really good at speaking it . 
  they blend in much easier and are harder to distinguish . 
  everyone is `` so expensive '' , norwegians are going `` look at that cheap swedish booze '', 
  cultural differences i guess . 
  while brits say a to be nice and b when they know someone americans say b to be nice . 
  it just causes confusion , especially when it comes out of the blue from some stranger . 
  abid raja is one of the few i remotely like atm . 
  totally , one local radio plays a surprising amount of country like music . 
  i would say a part in the uk is untrue as the parts are separate countries not two parts of one country . 
  the names is probably what causes the confusion for most . 
  then again it 's a difficult topic so not being from either countries i ca n't claim to know as anything for sure . 
  whenever i feel like it really as long as i do my 7,5 hours a day . 
  i personally start at 7 because that 's when all my jobs have started si it 's a habit now . 
  i do n't know myself but it seems like i ca n't go anywhere on norwegian news and not see some news about a show called skam ( shame ) . 
  it 's apparently amazing and from what i gather a teen show . 
  pula is a slang term for fucking in my area of west norway . 
  dialect difference makes it different from place to place though . 
  you would think so but personally ( hurray anecdotal ) meeting french in the anglo part of the internet is oddly rare considering the size of their country so you just do n't meet a lot of french . 
  but i guess it 's because you do have your own large language sphere to hang out in so i ca n't really blame you for that . 
  recent trend would be not knowing their limits when going on hikes so they get stuck and the rescue service have to save them . 
  poland , lithuania and sweden, 
  i never tip . 
  do n't think me not wanting coins back counts as tipping the rare occasions i do that . 
  no longer using cash makes it even rarer . 
  sub , dub is horrible . 
  this was asked last week i think or at least recently . 
  british, 
  oh , that makes sense now . 
  no idea why i did n't see it last night . 
  thanks . 
  maybe i 'm wrong but you do n't really seem to ask for answers but to sort of vent about some people being assholes and downvoting for no good reason . 
  even want to say taking it a bit personal seeing how you singled out one side to not start discussion but not mentioning anything about the other side . 
  should n't both sides just shut up and let religion or lack of be a personal thing ? 
  just felt the whole `` what is your general perception of religion ? '', 
  and then `` do n't start discussion about why being religious is stupid '' thing was a bit weird to include for one side if you wanted answers . 
  who knows . 
  maybe i 'm assuming and making an ass out of u and mi . . ng . . yeah no idea how to make that idiom look good in text . 
  no i have no idea . 
  troll hunter dead snow the pinchcliffe grand prix, 
  socks or barefoot in my area . 
  so minecraft and kj\u00f8ttboller ? 
  open-faced sandwich with one uhm . . p\u00e5legg on it . 
  you know , stuff you put on bread like jams or cold cuts etc. 
  p\u00e5legg is a great word . 
  i dont think winning at sports are the major issues of nationalist . 
  some tourist are just assholes . 
  we have people camping in cemeteries and because there is room , it 's free and it 's a place to get water ( really there to give people water for flowers on graves ) . 
  you would think people no matter where they are from would know not to do this but no , apparently not . 
  final score 69 % second time , ( because last time i had been awake for like 15min ) 74 % 0 no works but said no to a word i did know . 
  i 'm quite happy with this on both . 
  swedish metal and french electronica . 
  i do n't listen to a lot of music in general so when i do it 's radio and then i never know where people are from . 
  remember my old desktop psu had a red switch on the back that said 220v in it and switching it over with a screwdriver put it into 110v mode . 
  also this is ea we are talking about . 
  why include something in the main game that can be sold again as dlc ? 
  america is a huge market so making them a dlc might lower sales in that market which in turn would = fewer sold dlc . 
  i do n't like it but i assume they have done market research on how to make the most . 
  electric, 
  british, 
  google.no , not because i want to but it 's getting harder and harder to make google use . com as it feels like i need to change back to . com between each and every search . 
  98 % of the things i google are not norwegian so i prefre . com, 
  oldest 1200 something . 
  my house 1974 . 
  i love schengen . 
  french . 
  germans seem to be a little more willing and more likely ( 64 % vs 39 % ) to speak english than someone french . 
  this added with the other reason you have mentioned i feel like it 's a simple choice .
