  the ones i did n't get was kaliningrad , i had never even heard of that one before . 
  til and i like it . 
  same , but that 's even harder to make happen i think . 
  it 's a foreign concept to many and new things are scary , better the devil you know or how it goes . 
  direct democracy style voting though is thought to basically all children `` how many want burgers and how many want pizza for dinner ? 
  3 vs 6 , pizza it is ! '', 
   sorry , but people are idiots that 's the point . 
  so are the politicians , they are just power hungry idiots . 
  why are lawyers and economists more suited to run our country than any other person ? 
  the current system is far from a technocracy after all . 
  seeing how they are economists and lawyers i 'm all for them being in charge of the budget and following the laws for that . 
  we are all idiots , but we are idiots in different areas of knowledge so lets vote like the idiots we are instead of being led by a small group of idiots . 
  when voting on an issue i get my vote heard . 
  when i vote for a party i need to find the one that fits me the best . 
  the party only votes the way i wanted ( if i 'm lucky ) some or most of the time while me voting i vote like i wanted to all of the time . 
  it wo n't be perfect and we will fuck up , but at least it will be our fault not some representative that , if lucky , have the same view on all issues as 50 % of the voters . 
  e : hopefully my foul mood is n't showing through in text . 
  if it is disregard , it ai n't you just general foul moodiness . 
  we would still elect parties directly like we are now and you can exclude votes for people already . 
  i 'm thinking more like voting on country changing things so we can avoid stuff like drd ( dld ) getting passed even though most were against it and is now found to be annulled in the eu . 
  now we are stuck with people representing us by pushing their own issues in the way they want . 
  the little direct democracy we got on voting on joining the eu seems to be just for show considering how far up eu 's ass the politicians are and how many directives ( above 99 % ) we are implementing . 
  we should really just build another prison or two , it would create jobs on top of the needed jail space . 
  it really is a win win . 
  i wish we had more direct democracy . 
  fuck the representative assholes . 
  did n't know that , have n't been in oslo in ages . 
  do n't got max in norway i think so would n't really work . 
  not a bad burger though , would eat again . 
  is n't that for a single big mac and not a value meal ? 
  it claims it costs 48 nok for one here but a value meal is closer to double that . 
  i looked at way too many people shitting on people being eurosceptics in the comments ( see even the dumbest jokes enough over time and it gets to you i guess ) and i forgot about the voting part . 
  i think i get what he means but his wording could be better i agree . 
  sorry if i came off as an ass . 
   he knows the solution would be a different eu so he is sceptical to the current one ? 
  not wanting it in it 's current form ? 
  so a different one would be great right ? 
  not to sound like a dick , honest question but have eurosceptic meant euro abolitionist all along ? 
  just because i see a car and see how broken down it is or how much it pollutes does n't make me want to swear off cars all together . 
  i just think we should try to fix the car before getting in so the wheel do n't fall of or pollute even more . 
  everyone sees the benefit of the car , only blind people want to ignore that the car is in need of some serious repair . 
  he is pointing out how a proper system could have fixed the problem back in the day , but seeing how the system is n't good enough its just one of the reasons he has turned into a eu sceptic . 
  he is n't claiming that the current system could put something into place now and fix it . 
  then he would n't be a sceptic at all and probably still be a federalist . 
  it 's a poll for european countries . 
  i blame all the eu lovers . 
  clearly it 's racis . 
  uhm . . unionism ? 
  ah , did n't think of that . 
  was n't sure what you meant and the only thing i could think of was a bordercrossing thing but that did n't make sense 'cause schengen . 
  semi unrelated but whatever happened to that buss thing ? 
  ( i think it happened in sweden ) . 
  some immigrants did n't want to move out of the cities so they they sat on the buss an moped . 
  in what way should/would it be protected ? 
  `` there 's a reason you separate military and the police . 
  one fights the enemies of the state , the other serves and protects the people . 
  when the military becomes both , then the enemies of the state tend to become the people . '', 
  i like to imagine something like that quote was the mindset for rules like that . 
  what ? 
  did you just misread my message completely or did i write it all wrong ? 
  no big news that other than people from that country would care about and upvote . 
  most of the news from our coutries would also be in out local langage so unless it 's a huge bit of news i do n't see the point of posting only news interesting for locals that can mostly only be read by locals . 
  that 's more news for `` what happened in your country this week '' threads . 
  ive never really though about it but would n't they use their country flag ? 
  like if they are living in germany they use a german flag etc ? 
  seems about right for 5 people . 
  everyone seeing how getting your record is a pain in the ass so you wo n't get it unless you really really need it . 
  i feel both are correct just like us/uk spelling of words . 
  our treatment of the sami is kinda bad too though . 
  canadas pants got a hat ? 
  i guess deleting stuff for not being racist enough is a sort of moderating . 
  cool , thanks . 
  do n't know much about finnish history . 
  so the scandinavian peninsula was named for the scandinavian countries on it and then finland later decided on becoming it 's own country and it just ended up on the scandinavian peninsula because that was named long before finland was even a thing ? 
  i honestly just though it was named by majority being scandianvian thing . 
  s & n - `` this is scandinavia now because we are on it . '', 
  f - `` but we are on it '' s - `` too late , already named it . 
  so i guess we are going to conquer you now so we are n't wrong . '', 
  is n't the scandinavian peninsula named after the scandinavian countries occupying majority of it ? 
  if it was named while finland was part of sweden then in theory the peninsula was all scandinavian so the name makes sense , but when finland became it 's own country part of finland ended up being on the peninsula . 
  i mean scandinavia is n't about geography at all so i 've always wondered about the peninsula and the naming . 
  feels like there is some odd history behind it . 
  it 's not a geographical region at all but a language , history and culture region . 
  kinda like the anglosphere is . 
  finland do n't got the same history mixing as the scandinavian countries do it only sorta does by proxy by being swedish for a while . 
  language , well do n't really need to explain that one . 
  culture sure in most ways , but so does iceland , faraoes \u00e5land etc. 
  we ca n't just pick finland and leave the others out just because finland hits one out of three . 
  it 's either all or none . 
  is n't this comment a circlejerk comment too ? 
  `` get out of here with your logic '' or similar can be seen on basically any slightly controversial topic these days ? 
  dude , it 's an american , he said so himself so do n't do anything rash !, 
  sorta click baity headline is n't it ? 
  we liked the danish design a lot so we stole it , we liked the swedish idea of stealing so we stole the colour blue from them but we are the best scandinavians and felt like this should be shown on our flag so we went with three colours instead of just two . 
  honestly i do n't know . 
  some say the colours were picked because it was the ` color of freedom like in the french flag ' some say the colours are for our union partners from the past ( denmark ) and current , at the time , union partner sweden and i like to think it 's the latter . 
  the nordic cross is because nordic . 
  and greenland !, 
  yes ? 
  i have yet to see them actually endorse guns , but if you got a source where to prove me wrong please share .
