  i love 'em , just like the chewing gum question they are oddly great . 
   the profile of typical euroskeptics : voters for the populist right , poor , and low education . 
  no wonder i see less and less people being honest about having non pro-eu feelings on reddit if doing it paints you in this light in the eyes of others . 
  people that move tend to be people that do it to become famous . 
  all other reasons i can think of can fit any nation so do n't think they really answer your question . 
  so i imagine it 's probably how people view people that move to hollywood . 
  no one really knows . 
  not really . 
  we were players on the world stage back then . 
  now we are just pawns . 
  the 1200 's . 
  we had lots of land , growing culture , foreign trade , economic and political power . 
  a central government with a king . 
  then it all went away as the black plague came and ruined shit, 
  my first through it no because there are waaay too many issues that would cause the deal to break down and if they ordered us to do it or `` face consequences '' i highly doubt the deal would be anything close to fair . 
  transportation security administration the people doing the security checks at airports in the us . 
  norwegians . 
  komler ( potato dumplings ) we call them here but they are called all sorts of things depending on what region you are in , they are also made differently and what you eat as a side dishes differs . 
  for desert i like lefser ( soft flat bread with butter sugar and cinnamon on . 
  when you ask about europe are you looking at it as a whole , the eu region or some other way ? 
  i 'm positive as we ( norway ) are going away from oil and focusing on other things instead at a much more rapid pace than would happen if the oil flooding the market would n't have happened . 
  he 's a bit of a troll or something i think . 
  his other threads from about a week ago were similar to this so i do n't take much faith in what he says . 
  just sucks i did n't remember him sooner . 
  thanks for correcting and telling how it 's done though . 
  remembered name of op went to see if it was who i though it was from older threads . 
  no pennies will ever drop . 
  nope , do n't know enough about the constitutional changing system of the us to have such ideas . 
  people in power would mean the people that could actually do something and i do n't know the name of the governing body responsible for that so therefor `` people in power '' . 
  for the better ? 
  no , probably not, 
  it should be changed , but i would n't trust people in power to change it for the better . 
  interpret it as outdated language and concepts not applicable in this time . . 
  i 've seen both sides argument and both seem to be extremes suggesting things that wo n't or is n't working . 
  ever closer co-operation sure . 
  superstate no . 
  i do n't even want to be in the eec but that 's not really controversial in the eu question . 
  it 's a bad deal that politicians like because it brings us closer to the eu ( because actually getting into the eu ai n't happening any time soon ) so it wo n't get voted on any time soon . 
  wo n't find many euro sceptics in that sub so not sure it will be representative . 
  if you are you end up feeling driven away if you 're not pro eu . 
  i 'm suprised at no 1397 , 1524 and 793 . 
  yes , from first grade ( 6 ) and onwards . 
  terry pratchett . 
  i do n't like my own language so reading local authors so to speak is n't big on my list . 
  i wo n't be reading them in english either as if i am going to read their stuff i 'm going to do them the service of reading them in the language they wrote in . 
  do n't learn american history so nothing . 
  the few american history things that are mentioned are the revolution side by side with the french revolution ( the major topic being age of enlightenment ) and ww2 nuke things ( the major topic being ww2 ), 
  apart for walking busses i would guess . 
   was all that extra energy and money spent on trying to make western europe like us a waste ? 
  are you refering to the marshal plan because if you look at the long title of that plan you see it 's not some purely altruistic motive behind it . 
  if not , what money are you referring to ? 
  personally no i do n't hate americans . 
  not going to hate someone for being born somewhere or somehow . 
  the government on the other hand i got very little love for . 
  i know who poe and twain are same goes for the other authors , maybe read a few books of some of them too , but that is it . 
  im not from an anglo nation thought so my english classes was used to make us better at english not learning its literary history and writers . 
  that we did in norwegian classes alonh with learning the history of the language , different types of writing and how to do those ourselves . 
  my taxes were all done by the government and was online . 
  i just logged onnand checked if they looked ok then logged out again . 
  i didnt have anything to add . 
  companies probably have folks to do it thought as there is a bit more to it for them . 
  it was a sign of danish oppression , can you really blame us for using aa instead for a while after ? 
  bokm\u00e5l ( based on danish ) and nynorsk ( based on dialects ) . 
  both separate from spoken norwegian . 
  there is no standard to that mess , more general dialect differences . 
  i know , we got two written forms for norwegian because of that whole situation . 
  i 'm pro standards though and so far this is one us scandies should use seeing how it 's the majority atm, 
  really depends on who you ask . 
  do we go against the danish for being a weird flat country without wilderness or mountains or do we go against sweden for not fully accepting the glory that is \u00c6 \u00d8 and \u00c5 . 
  or are both horrible for being eu members or both great for giving us lego and minecraft ? 
  who knows ? 
  all i know is that my reasons are shallow and change depending on whatever random way we feel like at that moment in time . 
  we blindly accept it because we never consider being a fan goes beyond the music . 
  in a lot of cases the popstar do n't even write their own songs so there is limits to how much you could like about a singer . 
  a world leader however does a lot , their actions go beyond signing , you can show to where their actions changed the course of a major event or an entire country . 
  you will never see taylor swift become `` the singer that helped broker a nuclear deal '' or `` the drone strike popstar '' . 
  why are you a fan of him ? 
  local patriotism is a thing but i think most consider themself to be norwegian first then regional . 
  `` the neighbour region sucks , we the best because we are n't the neighbour region '' works from small towns to country level but it 's a joke thing so do n't put too much thought into it . 
  all would support the neighbour if their own team did n't make it . 
  joke patriotism i guess you could call it ? 
  car , house and stuff in your house are the ones i have . 
  in 1925 the total estimated amount of wood in norway was 300 million m ^ 3 these days it 's at around 900million m ^ 3 growing by an estimated 15million m ^ 3 a year . 
  they did some planting in the 1960s , 100million spruce a year . 
  even with this scientists ca n't explain the massive growth of spruce , pine and leaf trees . 
  [ here is a chart ] ( http://forskning.no/sites/forskning.no/files/styles/large/public/skogvekst_0.jpg?itok=wd83tajf ) gran = spruce , furu = pine , lauvtrer = leaf trees . 
  year at the bottom and mass in m ^ 3 on the side . 
  only when mentioned on reddit . 
  all metric at my job , could n't find a single imperial one . 
  maybe some of the old ones in the assorted screws are imperial but nothing besides that . 
  are they made the american way or is the recipe different when sold outside the us ? 
  my dads grandparent is the furthest i know and i probably only know of him because my dad met him and mentioned him once . 
  i know one of my cousins invited me to some family tree thing on facebook once but never bothered to read it . 
  honestly i do n't care about my ancestors . 
  ancestry does n't matter unless it 's some medical relevant thing . 
  i have a friend that wondered but that was mostly because he wondered where his uncommon last name came from , not what his ancestry was . 
  even in some cities there are areas that just look like shit while others look great but is n't the whole point of traveling to see all of these different things ? 
  well there 's your problem . 
  right now ? 
  lacking money and a job to stay anywhere .
