  cool , so your source . 
  i guess you read it * somewhere * . 
  but anyways , maybe you should expand your resources a bit and you could get the whole picture . 
   yes , my wording is the most important issue here . 
  lmao ... complaining about the nitpicking of other users regarding the wording in this same thread ... and we get now some nitpicking from yourself . 
  the hypocrisy . 
   like people drowning . 
  you would n't give the tiniest of shits about those people drowning , do n't even pretend for one single second . 
  what a joke . 
   how about bbc then ? 
  its one month old , quite relevant to french elections . 
  of course it 's relevant . 
  many things are relevant . 
  and those were riots in the suburbs again . 
  the protests you tried to label as riots at the beginning of your glorious blunder are not riots . 
  but good job on finding people rioting in france . 
  they are even immigrants !, 
  wow !, 
  you must feel really happy . 
  i see you 're pushing your refugee/anti-immigration/our european culture will be destroyed agenda again ... 
  when the majority starts rioting . 
  means , when those protests turn violent and you need hours or days to somehow get the situation under control . 
  you know , when the benlieues were burning a few years ago ? 
  that was rioting . 
  no political statement , just pure destruction due to frustration . 
  what i see here are protesters and the usual vandalism you get from certain people who do n't value the property of others . 
  calling this event '' * riots * on the * streets * of paris '' is pure hyperbole . 
  but thanks for feigning interest ... 
  i 'm not here to convince you , ca n't be arsed . 
  nah , it 's called protests . 
  there are still people who think that protesting is a valid form of [ political participation ] ( http://study.com/academy/lesson/what-is-political-participation-definition-forms-examples.html ) . 
  you need some kind of democratic history for that , therefore people from different parts of the world may have different views on this topic . 
  where did you hear that exactly ? 
  most of the time i hear something about needed reforms regarding labour laws mixed with some form of political stagnation , also corruption and scandals regarding pretty much all presidents ( seems to be tradition ) and of course the classic problems in the banlieues . 
  or wait , is this comment one of the usual `` i 'd like to start a circle-jerk echo chamber here please ! '', 
  phenomenons one can observe here lately . 
  in that case , i 'll just leave quietly , ok ? 
   but why are you talking about immigration ? 
  because it 's your shtick : we all know you as anti-eu , anti-immigration , etc person around here . 
  posting a video from a guy , who has been touted around here in connection with the `` swedenstan , malm\u00f6 is doomed '' issue , everybody with some sense for the context , knows where you 're coming from . 
   i judge by the content , not by your opinions . 
  woah that 's cool . 
  here 's some content then : http://ftp.iza.org/dp8632.pdf let me cite parts of the conclusion : `` our findings seem to suggest a misconception of the link between immigration and crime among european natives that is reflected in crime perception being strongly associated with a negative attitude toward immigrants . 
  the public perception of the effect of immigration on crime may be partly misled by the casual empirical evidence available to the public . 
  natives may observe that areas where immigrants are more prevalent are also generally those characterized by higher crime rates , failing to impute such correlation to unobserved third factors and to distinguish correlation from causation . 
  however , the cross-sectional correlation between immigration and crime is small , suggesting that other factors previously investigated by the literature may generate such a bias against immigration , including the media 's misrepresentation of the immigration phenomenon and political opportunism . 
  our empirical findings call for a better public assessment of the immigration phenomenon in western europe , especially as regards its implications in terms of criminality , and for a more transparent approach to the discussion about the costs and benefits of immigration in host countries . '', 
   any fuckface running with a knife gets a lot of attention . 
  there was this guy here in germany about 3 weeks ago now . 
  he was a german 19 years old boy who simply stabbed the 9 years old boy living next door . 
  he posted pics on / b / . 
  made quite the news in germany . 
  because authorities were looking for him for two days and he managed to kill another 22 years old man . 
  did n't really plop up here . 
  but the unidentified guy who is driving around on his bike in berlin and spraying women with acid ... that one had quite a few comments . 
  because he * could * be muslim due to his mo. 
  any fuckface my ass ... edit : funnily enough you even commented in the biker-acid thread , lmao :  if you live in the area and there are similarities in those attacks , its very valuable knowledge . 
  if the attacks are religiously motivated , its enough to wear a hijab to remain safe . 
   how am i strawmanning his argument ? 
  by not answering it , instead you opt to build up the strawman of `` so you think we can save all the poor of the world ? '' . 
  op never made that argument . 
  he simply pointed out , that we can afford to take in 5 million people . 
   i 'm not gon na hold my breath . 
  oh no , please hold your breath ... as long as possible . 
   countries are going to leave if ideologues like you want to force their open borders fantasy on them . 
  we do n't force any open border ideologies on anybody . 
  we force a sentiment of cooperation and mutual benefits in different areas through deepening integration . 
  it was always there in the user manual . 
  somehow people seem to ignore it and take the eu for `` but it 's only an economic union , we do n't need more than that '' . 
  yeah shit , reading the user manual helps some time . 
   how do you make sure people stay there without force , so they do n't go running off to germany ? 
  that 's a question that actually has to be answered by the respective government , is n't it ? 
  we pretty much realise by now , that we can insist on quotas and shit , but that it does n't matter , because most of our partners just do n't give a shit and play the `` it 's not our fault card , they simply do n't wan na stay here '' ... `` oh yeah , of course we 're also not really trying , because we do n't want them , so we 're actually very glad , when they leave again and we really like to watch them leaving for germany again , because it 's fuckin ' funny to point it out to merkel '' . 
  such cooperation , much wow . 
   i feel like my fellow countrymen have all gone insane . 
  this childish idealism is going to lead to the disintegration of the eu . 
  this fuckin kindergarten shitshow we have with the v4 and especially orb\u00e1n is simply not worth all the hassle . 
  to be honest , the two-speed-policy is nothing else than slow disintegration . 
  we simply do n't want to upset the markets and the world with new '' - exits '' , therefore the core members seem to reach a tacit agreement to let the ones , who do n't want to integrate , simply leave the slow way within the next 3-4 decades . 
  the likely scenario will be , that they will get some special status and then we can watch them slip out of the eu . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
   it all degenerated that 's a harsh word . 
  especially in this context . 
  the romanian revolution was quite short and they managed to dispose of him in an efficient manner . 
  compared to many revolutions in the mena region i 'd say that the post-communist revolutions were quite succesful . 
  the word `` degenerated '' would be maybe possible in a scenario like syria . 
  one could say that the initital uprising degenerated into a bloody civil war between countless factions . 
  but in romania , the initial protests simply led to a violent revolution ... in the bigger cities . 
  many parts of romania did n't see any fighting at all . 
  they just were watching some [ chaotic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqjpkyl1_rg ) state tv . 
  is all this bullshit going to stop after the referendum ? 
  please ? 
  this year turns out to be extremely annoying . 
  the first 2 months were about : `` what shit did trump say * now * ? '', 
  now we 're at : `` what shit did * erdogan * say now ? '', 
  with the upcoming elections in france and germany i somehow get the feeling that the verbal diarrhea.just.won ` t.stop !, 
   sperm donors or aggressive assimilation wow ... just wow ... 
   this kind of thinking is what leads to the rise of the right . 
  ok , i guess it 's about time to stop thinking . 
  every other argument lately is about `` this is what caused trump , that 's why we have the alt-right , pc , multikulti , hurrdurr '' .
