  my guess is that the accute problem will be solved within the next 4-5 years . 
  the problem of integration is of course more complicated and i think it 's realistic to assume that it will plop up with full force when the second generation gets old enough . 
  in my opinion that is when you can see if the integration actually worked . 
  if the parents feel that teaching their kids at least a part of our values is a good idea you can assume , that they are accepting our way of life . 
  but it 's not a one-way street . 
  studies here in germany showed that young professionals with turkish or arab sounding names have a lesser chance to get invited to a job interview , than applicants with german names . 
  therefore , by cultivating the narrative of `` us vs. them '' we will not help the cause at all . 
  it 's a self fulfilling prophecy in the end . 
  we will be confirmed in our suspicion that they can not integrate by making it hard for them to integrate . 
   we 've been seeing almost yearly riots from immigrants in france . 
  yeah , the banlieues . 
  this issue is not as straight-forward as people want it to be . 
  but you can compare the situation to sweden considering certain aspects . 
  just like in france , sweden obviously thought , that it would be a good idea to put all the people into a certain area and thus creating an `` artificial ghetto '' . 
  i think it 's a learning process , for all the people involved . 
  by now it 's pretty clear that mistakes were made , quite big ones . 
  we can use the experience and improve the situation . 
  or we can shout words at each other and just shoot everybody . 
  here in berlin for example we had for some time `` national befreite zonen '' ( nationally liberated zones ) . 
  members of the npd ( our neo-nazi party ) declared them in certain areas of berlin . 
  as an outsider ( punk , leftist or obvious immigrant/refugee ) you just did n't go there unless you wanted to get beaten up by some skinheads with anger management issues . 
  my point is , that there are always certain areas in bigger cities that are `` bad '' . 
  sometimes those areas get really bad , like in malm\u00f6 or brussels or paris , but that is most of the times caused by bad decisions on a political level ( by that i mean a mix of local and national politics ) . 
  those decisions are n't permanent and we can work on resolving them in a civilized manner . 
  advocating for the police to shoot to kill is my eyes not the way we should do things here in europe . 
  but i could be wrong after all , or some kind of minority here on reddit , judging by the downvotes . 
  but i still can not understand how anybody would want the police to shoot to kill in the streets of our cities . 
   err i probably would n't invite them at all if i expected that err , nobody `` invited '' them . 
  sadly it 's hard to foresee the future of individual persons just by looking at them . 
  and yeah , i would n't invite them , too . 
  but it does n't change the fact , that they are here and are causing problems . 
  so we deal with that . 
  in a way which is compatible with our laws , constitutions and values . 
  that 's why i said , that i can live with that . 
  it 's a temporary problem and we have the means to deal with it . 
  discarding our laws and moral values on the other hand is something that would really fuck this place up . 
  burning containers , meh --  no state of law and police killing people in the streets : really , really not good . 
   but i honestly do not understand why police just do n't shoot to kill when shitheads throw fire bombs and bricks at them it 's the second time in a week that i read somebody advocating that the police should shoot to kill . 
  what the fuck is happening in europe ? 
  i understand that the situation is bad and that we have problems but we can not throw out all our principles and become some kind of `` judge dredd '' dystopia . 
  shooting rioters with the clear intent to kill them is something i 'd expect in belarus , egypt , etc. 
  not in sweden or germany . 
  to get beck to judge dredd : the state of law is non-negotiable . 
  self-defense has to be within the limits of the law . 
  you , as a private person , can kill somebody in self-defense , there is no doubt about it , especially when it 's obvious that your own life was threatened . 
  but police officers are trained professionals whom i expect to be able to judge a situation accordingly and to shoot to kill only in the most extreme cases ( ultima ratio , yadayada ) . 
  they are `` representatives of the state '' . 
  the state has the monopoly of force and the police is enforcing it . 
  as soon as an officer starts killing people in such a kind of scenario he is just going to make a situation , which is already really bad , even worse . 
  in these times we need professionals who act in a responsible way and know that people are watching them . 
  and just to be clear . 
  i am all for deporting those people . 
  they need to stand trial and after that they should be deported and not locked up in a swedish prison . 
  that is the way these things should happen in europe . 
  and i am pretty sure , that the swedish authorities are not just standing by idly and watching the whole shitshow happening . 
  but shooting people with the clear intent to kill them on european streets is not going to help at all . 
  i am absolutely stunned !, 
  we get refugees/immigrants , also get problems along with that and suddenly we are ready to give up the most basic principles of our democracies because of that ? 
  what the actual fuck people ? 
  get your shit together !, 
  i can live in a country where idiots from fucked up regions are rioting , because that 's what i expect them to do . 
  it is obvious that there are large groups within those groups that just do n't give a fuck and wo n't ever integrate in our societies . 
  but i am not going to watch our police start shooting people on the streets just because they are throwing stones and burning cars . 
  and to be clear , we have that kind of shit here in berlin , too . 
  often it 's the anarcho-punks , who throw the rocks . 
  it would be an outrage , if a police officer would shoot one of them . 
  i just wanted to say that i respect you for that and that i think , that you should keep doing whatever you think is the right thing to do . 
  it 's nice to see that people still care and are n't cynical fucks all the time . 
   i agree with what you said , but i do n't think it contradicts my first point . 
  it was n't supposed to contradict your point , because i think that the point is quite irrelevant . 
  like i commented , in my opinion he is supposed to be clear and concise . 
  his words matter . 
  look at this stupid thread . 
  i see 3 ( ! ), 
  versions of what he might have actually referred to . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  are we now supposed to read between the lines , when the potus speaks ? 
  i ca n't write it any more politely , but i think , that the debate about `` he did n't actually use the word terror '' is absolutely stupid . 
  sorry mate , but look at this shit here : instead of agreeing that we should keep that guy accountable and there is absolutely no scenario that would justify such bullshittery from a potus we start arguing about `` the media '' again . 
  this guy gets away with the most outrageous bullshit because of people who feel the need to point out that the media depicted him in a wrong way . 
  why ? 
  i do n't get it !, 
  why do we let him get away with all this bullshit ? 
  it 's because he speaks from the heart , like an other person commented here ? 
  he can talk from the heart as much as he wants , i do n't care , but he really , really needs to stop all the bullshit . 
  and finally : i agree with many others here , when they say , that in the context he used there is no fuckin way , that he implied anything else . 
  germany/immigrants and his former comments on the policies of merkel + regarding the overall topic of his eo considering immigration bans , yadayada ... 
  jumping to conclusions is easy , i know , but this shit is really obvious . 
  which brings us to your point : he did n't use the word , but he implied it . 
  he implied the issue of security and what weak laws can cause . 
  it 's one of his main talking points . 
  we can debate that . 
  there is nothing wrong about it . 
  but we need to held this man accountable . 
  he is pushing the narrative of `` fake news '' and the `` lying media '' all while he is bullshitting us to death . 
  that 's why i ca n't stand `` devil 's advocates '' in this scenario . 
  there is a more important battle to be fought , defending trump here is just distracting from the real issue . 
  nah , in my opinion as the potus you are not supposed to sound like yoda and keep everybody guessing what you are actually talking about . 
  for all it 's worth he could one day declare a war by accident , because somebody did n't quite get what he actually wanted to say . 
  you can talk shit as much as you want , when you are in private and nobody is recording you .
