  i hail you , the representative of all russian people !, 
  where shall i send the tributes ? 
   intent matters , that 's why it 's codified into our laws . 
  yeah , no shit sherlock !, 
  it matters for courts , judges , etc. . . for me the outcome remains the same . 
  so it does n't matter for me personally if my kid gets killed by a terrorist or by a drunk driver . 
  i would hate both of them equally . 
  next time try to be precise . 
  intent matters from a legal point of view , from a personal pov i could n't care less , whether the person inteded to kill somebody or not . 
   that 's the important difference not really tbh , because in the end it does n't really matter . 
  you 're dead anyway . 
  just imagine it for a moment : hey look , my kid got killed by a drunk !, 
  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck , i hate this guy , i could kill him !, 
  hey look , my kid got killed by a terrorist in a truck !, 
  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck , i hate this guy , i could kill him !, 
  see ?!, 
  no difference ... 
  i guess , this video got posted as a reaction to the pics about protests in russia yesterday . 
  therefore i 'd like to point out a couple of things for fairness ' sake . 
  for me it seems highly unlikely , that these people simply gathered spontaneously in order to demonstrate their patriotic feelings . 
  i mean , look at that flag !, 
  someone had to pay for it . 
  this thing is completely orchestrated . 
  i even see busses !, 
  therefore , i do n't find it very believable . 
  also , the majority of the people carrying that flag are good looking young women ? 
  does n't that seem fishy ? 
  should n't they be at home making sandwiches and taking care of their families ? 
  third , all this demonstrating of patriotism for nice pictures is getting old . 
  they simply do it for their facebook and instagram profiles , obviously . 
  makes the whole show quite tacky . 
  and last , how many are they ? 
  about 100 , maybe 200 ?!, 
  that 's not very representative . 
  a few paid girls are carrying a flag , through some backstreet . 
  i mean , come on ... nobody even noticed !, 
  ah ok , i see how it works now ... assumptions and opinions . 
  good , good ... then it 's settled , you did convince absolutely nobody . 
  and you actually tried to become a mod ... would have been a great addition / s, 
  ahaha , you 're a funny guy ...  they may exist , but they are not frequent enough to qualify for a `` scare tactic '' . 
  so , where 's the threshold ? 
  and why exactly ? 
   bolotnaya is not an example of a typical protest . 
  so , what 's a typical protest ? 
  and why exactly ? 
  i 'll check back tomorrow to see your well researched arguments and not just your `` opinion '' . 
  because in my opinion , the examples the dude before you provided are fine enough . 
  so fuckin what now ? 
  opinions , how do they work ? 
  ok , so what 's the question about ukraine then ? 
  i 'm just curious ... and congrats on belonging to the last third of the list ... russia is obviously not exceptional in this case :-), 
  you do realize though , that the list you linked to has to be read `` upside down '' ?!, 
  meaning first place ( no1 . ), 
  is the worst place , while being last is `` best '' ( i.e. 
  more equal ) ? 
  so russia is on 53 out of 149 listed states . 
  so it 's in the last third of the list . 
  it 's 52 places from the worst and 95 from the best . 
  therefore it 's farther away from the top , than from the bottom . 
  but yeah , it 's obviously in good company with the us on 43 . 
  oh yeah edit :  ukraine being in the very low part of this list raises some questions , though . 
  what kind of questions ? 
  ukraine is on 145 ( meaning top 5 ) , so quite `` good '' . 
  which is obviously hilarious . 
  it 's almost as equal as finland and sweden ... edit 2 : i guess i 'll quote the complete comment for the gigglez :  well , according to the cia , russia is n't the country with the highest income inequality , pretty far from it . 
  ukraine being in the very low part of this list raises some questions , though . 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
   because it will sums up the problem in a simple sentence without much effort . 
  without much effort , that 's very true . 
  but besides that , what is the problem here ? 
  are doctors and engineers becoming criminals ? 
  do i get it right ? 
   no need to lecture someone about what he should and should have not type . 
  i did n't lecture him . 
  if you feel lectured , that 's not my problem ( hey , i start to like the `` not my problem '' approach . 
  i shall adopt it ) . 
   if you wan na talk about something , you are free to type anything you want in any topic you want . 
  that 's what i did . 
  or do your rules not apply to people like me ? 
   people get tired of rehashing the same old discussion over and over again . 
  yeah , no ... people are getting tired of echo-chambers . 
  also people are getting tired of bad `` satire '' . 
  so , what now ? 
  is this the way it is going to end ? 
  you people on one side and people like me on the other side ? 
  why are we doing this ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  if your argument is that :  we already know the arguments when it comes to this . 
  then why are we doing this ? 
  why do we have these threads ? 
  if there 's no interest anymore in convincing the `` other side '' , because it has been done ad-nauseam , then what are we going to do next ? 
  are we going to fight it out on the streets ? 
  because of african migrants ? 
  is that the solution ? 
  for real ? 
  because the way i see it , obviously things have n't been debated to the end . 
  if there are people , who are not convinced , then the approach and the presumed solution , must be faulty . 
   `` when you let anybody enter you 're going to get unscrupulous elements . '', 
  yeah , no shit sherlock ...  `` solutions ; deportation , strict external border controls , more rigorous vetting process '' these things are happening . 
  so all is fine , or not ?
