  he has also to deal with the issue of discrimination because that 's what his job description says . 
  his office released a report . 
  they are going to relabel toilets in public buildings and are happy about everybody in berlin who is doing the same . 
   a good amount yep sure buddy , i guess you `` feel '' that way , right ? 
  yep , exactly my thought too , why r/europe ? 
  but just a thought for giggles . 
  first i was like : meh , who gives a flying fuck ? 
  everybody has material on that guy . 
  he damaged himself a dozen times already and nobody really cares ... 
  but then i read that the kreml is denying the reports that they have something on trump . 
  and suddenly i was like : heeeeeeeeey , wait a minute , kreml is denying it ?!, 
  it must be true !!!, 
  they have something !, 
   i do n't accept the terms soft and hard brexit . 
  yeah , it 's not about what she accepts anymore . 
  or let me rephrase it : `` we will make you accept it . '', 
  signed : germany , france , italy and the rest . 
   from what i understand here you are mad that your facebook post is full of rt/breitbart news but since you wont ignore/unfollow/unfriend the people who post them ... le sigh . 
  i am not mad . 
  and why should i unfollow / unfriend people only because they have different political views ? 
  is this the new meta ? 
  at least i get kept up to date on the latest `` news '' from those sites and also i can get an impression of the actual political debate in germany . 
  you know ... getting to know the other side ... can be helpful in a debate . 
  and it helps to understand where we might go and to find a solution for actual problems . 
   ... it makes sense to me that you are arguing in favor of banning them . 
  sure buddy . 
  never wrote that and i never will write that . 
  why the fuck should we ban those sites ? 
  it is the dilemma of a democracy that you actually have to deal with them . 
  in a democratic way . 
  unlike in russia . 
  i am advocating for informing the people about what those sites actually are and what their angle is . 
  germans know the `` old '' sites . 
  they know what to expect . 
  but sites like rt and co. are new and there is a significant part of the population which is not aware of the background of these sites . 
   ok , and your point is ? 
  my point is that if i want to see the actual russian side of the story i can go to lenta for example . 
  because lenta is still a news site . 
  it has a very strong government bias but there is still a gigantic difference between the way lenta reports and the way rt reports . 
  and that 's why i think that rt is not a news site and why people in germany should be made aware of that . 
  if you want the russian view , go to the russian sites , just like a russian should go to a german site , if he really wants to see the german view . 
  rt is specifically aimed at germans ( the german version ) . 
  which brings us to :  and you think the bbc does n't ? 
  yes i do . 
  there is a difference . 
  there is no bbc.ru . 
  there is a russian version of the bbc site . 
  there is no bbc office in russia that has the specific purpose of reporting russian news for russians with an english angle . 
  they are there to report on russian developments back to england . 
  there are rt offices in berlin and london with exactly the specific purpose to report on german/english news in the respective countries with a russian spin . 
  there is not one newspiece on rt deutsch which is even remotely trying to report without an anti-government , anti-nato and anti-eu angle . 
  edit : had to delete the rt link . 
  guess what , they are banned here . 
  did n't know that . 
  sz is ok like already mentioned . 
  the usual suspects in germany for your daily online news are spiegel.de ( leftish ) , zeit.de ( pretty left , often anti-russia ) , faz.de ( rather conservative ) , sz.de and then there 's welt.de ( i 'd call them mediocre , but it 's just personal taste ) . 
  the second tier is : bild.de . 
  our standard tabloid . 
  and i 'd say taz ( just google it ) . 
  for us standards taz would be abolutely socialist . 
  and the tagesspiegel which is supposed to be some kind of german wahington post . 
  well yeah ... just take a look at them . 
   god forbid someone read something that has facts another newspaper wo n't print . 
  you fuckin people really , i mean reaaaaallly , need to learn to read the fuckin words i actually wrote . 
  i merely provided readers with some background on the 3 weekly magazines which are kinda important , i.e. 
  have an impact on opinion building , in germany . 
  i did n't tell anybody what to read and what not to read . 
  i only explained what to expect from the 3 magazines and how they are viewed in germany . 
   if you find yourself so pathetically incapable of filtering out a writer 's bias in order to gain information you can then verify yourself , well , you 're going to go through life being fed a lot of mistruths . 
  you are a really special snowflake . 
  just keep on insulting me for things i did n't even insinuate . 
  did i trigger any of your special prejudices ? 
  how did you manage to analyse me just by actually not even reading what i wrote ? 
  do n't worry , i speak enough languages to be able to read the view of many different political actors from left to right . 
  and i read a lot because i actually care for hearing the other side of a story , too . 
  which brings us again to :  god forbid someone read something that has facts another newspaper wo n't print . 
  exactly !, 
  that 's the point !, 
  if nobody else is printing it , could that actually mean that it is actually , just for once , not important ?!, 
  the german media landscape is actually pretty nice , because here is how it usually goes : some newspaper , say f.a.z. , reports something . 
  spiegel and zeit pick it up , because they actually ca n't stand those guys and try to spin it the other way . 
  soooo , i wait . 
  i read a story somewhere and if it interests me , then i wait for the reaction from the `` other side '' . 
  and then i read that too . 
  and then i read the russian , french , us/uk view and sometimes even the polish , cz , hu view depending on the topic . 
  but in this case , focus reported on it and guess what : nobody fuckin cared , except r/europe . 
  this means to me that the information provided is actually rather irrelevant , ooooooor at least not in depth enough to actually be taken at face value just like that without further research of the topic . 
  wow , shocking !, 
  no conspiracy , no censorship . 
  just common sense . 
  fml . 
   they are n't supposed to be anything . 
  you are seriously dense mate . 
  but whatever . 
  i just need to ask all the retards around where they get their information from and they point me to those `` news '' sites that have an alternative view . 
  they are alternatives for our news sites . 
  you know , spiegel , zeit , etc. 
  ( here in germany ) . 
  i guess romania has n't got the special treatment . 
  we have extra german versions of rt and sputnik .
