  the carnival pictures here are from the carnival in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  the carnivals in the west of germany are traditionally used for making fun of the political class . 
  and yes , they are very satirical and can look quite gruesome for the uninitiated , who stumbles upon these things once in a year and does n't know much about carnival culture in germany . 
  there is much more happening during carnival . 
  people meet in big halls and dance and listen to other people mocking the political class and the establishment . 
  the parade is only a part of it and maybe the most visible part . 
  but carnival in the south of germany is way more different . 
  it is not that political and way more pg13 . 
  also , it 's called fasching there . 
  to sum it up . 
  germany is friendly and peaceful . 
  our carnival should n't be confused with the one in rio . 
  here we use it to fuck with the political class and people do n't dance almost naked in the streets . 
  maybe when they 're really drunk , but that 's different ... btw , glad you made it to r/europe , visit us on a different day and you can see our true , boring nature :-), 
  le sigh ... two are about us politics . 
  that was the main point . 
  the guy was implying that we would obsess with us politics , not trump . 
  us politics !, 
  two are clearly a commentary about us politics . 
  the others you mentioned are not about us politics but rather about the rise of populism in europe . 
  so it 's still 2 . 
  and even the two about us politics are actually inspired by the cover of the spiegel from a few weeks ago and also a commentary on how germans view trump 's presidency . 
  if that already equals obsessing with us politics , then i 'm really 2tired4this . 
  here 's the reason :-) https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wg7of/carneval_wagons_in_d%c3%bcsseldorf_germany_xpost_rpics/de9yz45/?st=izopfybw&amp;sh=1bd8cd6c, 
  * 11 carnival floats ... 2 of them about us politics * * europe obsessing with us politics * yeah , but no , not really ... 
  yeah sure you , censor everything you do n't agree with . 
  did you people not learn anything from your history ? 
  do you need a ministry of truth feeding you lies directly approved by merkel ? 
  / s sorry i just could n't resist . 
  it 's sarcasm . 
  it was a stupid joke :-) but yeah , the comments here are fantastic . 
  it 's the first time that i actually can witness such idiocy live !, 
  and i just had a revelation about the ministry of truth , lies directly from merkel . 
  it sounds kinda familiar when i look at the situation in the us with trump and his fake news agenda . 
  maybe i should start a thread on the donald :-) for the lulz . 
  ... and to get banned within minutes . 
  huh what , which point ? 
  and also : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0x6viatfci, 
  [ hungary ] ( https://www.bti-project.org/fileadmin/files/bti/downloads/reports/2016/pdf/bti_2016_hungary.pdf ) [ poland ] ( http://www.bti-project.org/fileadmin/files/bti/downloads/reports/2016/pdf/bti_2016_poland.pdf ) just take a few minutes and read it yourself . 
  you can get a good first impression by reading the short summaries on the first pages . 
  but a short disclaimer : the situation in poland is not really bad or something . 
  i think that the reactions are a little exagerated . 
  the report on poland should be able to give you a good overview of the actual situation . 
  nah , it was the beheading and the fucking lady liberty that got a user riled up this time . 
  one of the guys from the us who came here from r/all was quite insisting on the nsfw tag . 
  you can view my comment history , i tried to argue with him but he had a point in the end , so i asked the mods if they would consider tagging the topic accordingly . 
  this question has been answered here before , but i ca n't find where , too many comments . 
  anyway , the `` karnevalsvereine '' are let 's call them prviate associations and charitable organizations , a status which is important for tax purposes here in germany . 
  they have to collect their own money . 
  therefore they are financing themselves mainly through member fees and sponsors . 
  his account is rather strange that 's for sure . 
  on the other hand , if there 's any truth to his claims , then it should n't be a problem to tag this post accordingly . 
  which obviously happened . 
  he is very sensitive about the issue , which makes it quite hillarious . 
  but this is still r/europe and the mods are trying to keep this sub civilized . 
  i think that the tag nsfw is debatable , for the reasons i mentioned earlier , i mean it 's satire after all . 
  but i ca n't speak for all of the us and if somebody from there is insisting this strongly on tagging it nsfw using reasonable points and not shouting at everybody he deserves to be listened to . 
  ooooor , maybe tagging everything nsfw is some kind of new strategy ... but it could backfire , just like the parental advisory sticker :-), 
  well then , i guess it 's time for you to call for the mods ' help . 
  they are pretty helpful . 
  maybe they can tag it for you in the us . 
  let 's summon them u/moderatorsofeurope . 
  can you tag the post nsfw ? 
  yeah well , i guess it 's again a question of different cultural attitudes or something . 
   just because it is okay for your boss , does n't mean it is okay for many other bosses . 
  in germany it kinda is . 
  like i said , watching political , satirical images will not get you into trouble . 
  what gets you into trouble is browsing the internet when you 're actually supposed to work . 
  browsing the internet during your break and watching satire will not get you into trouble . 
  i repeat myself , but here in germany it is my fuckin goddamn right to watch these kind of pictures . 
  you can take away that right over my cold , dead body . 
  i am going to compare it to your gun-laws . 
  we are defending our right to satire just as fiercly as you people defend your gun-laws . 
  i guess that 's why we do n't understand your fear of being punished for it by your boss . 
  the notion seems ridiculous . 
  it is satire !, 
  watching satire should n't be punishable in a democracy . 
  what the hell is happening in your country ? 
  ah ok , i get it now . 
  you can write hateful comments in the right context . 
  i gues then they are justified hateful comments ... seems logic , how did i miss that . 
  in this context , let me use your words :  wow . 
  you 're just straight up retarded . 
   let your boss see that picture at work and see what happens . 
  i did , he laughed hard . 
  did you people in america all of a sudden lose your sense of humor ? 
   but also because you can get in a hell of a lot of trouble for having a picture of trump fucking liberty at your job . 
  that 's actually kinda alarming . 
  i had the impression that americans are all for free speech and freedom of thought etc. 
  i get berated to hell and back everytime i am for marking `` fake news '' on facebook , because censorship yadayada , ministry of truth and so on ... 
  i could understand if you would get into all kinds of trouble because you were actually browsing reddit instead of doing your fuckin job . 
  that 's what gets you in trouble here in germany . 
  but watching political , satirical pictures is our goddamn right in a democracy , ffs !, 
  i am honestly confused . 
  i did n't want to win you over . 
  what gave you the impression ? 
  i merely tried to point out how funny it is that people like you are complaining about hateful commentary . 
  i could n't make it more obvious . 
  ... am i answering a bot ?!, 
  so confusing ...
