  the government would be very ok with it , if it would actually be possible . 
  sadly , those retards in that stupid boat will realize it soon , too , lybia et al do n't give a shit , what my government wants . 
   shrieking about european values to eastern europe reminding them . 
  they somehow forgot . 
  you 'll be thankful one day . 
   while supporting regimes like the saudies hmm ... supporting is kinda stretching it , do n't ya think ? 
   and trying to build a pipeline with russia when said russia is killing ukrainians and grabbing their land . 
  international politics ... orb\u00e1n seems fine with it . 
  he 's got a good deal going with those pesky russians . 
  we ca n't stop talking to them only because pl is having a hissy fit right now . 
   even warning the us not to help ukraine and acting all outraged . 
  ca n't remember that one . 
  last time i checked we had sanctions in place together with the us . 
   `` a reliable international partner '' ? 
  yep right . 
  bank ratings are showing it clearly . 
  there is a lot of trust in the ability of germany to be a reliable partner . 
  your subjective perception wo n't change that . 
   and by the way , your stability will not last for very long hmmm ... assumptions based on subjective perception ... not a good base for predictions . 
  the indicators for the performance of the german economy are showing a very clear trend . 
  even if you do n't like it . 
   just wait for the `` new germans '' from africa and me to multiply yeah , studies have showed now reliably , that the fertility rates of immigrants converge towards the national numbers pretty quickly within one generation . 
  i would n't hold my breath for your prediction based on ... yeah ... nothing . 
   then you will be as stable as france with its banlieus and constant terror threats . 
  yeah , french banlieues are a problem and caused by bad policies . 
  but , tbh , france seems pretty stable to me anyways , especially compared to some ee countries and their mass protests against governments flirting with authoritarian ways of leading their countries . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaah , that was nice was n't it :-) i enjoyed this circlejerk a lot . 
  i really needed it . 
  holy shit dude , you are actually wrong all the time . 
  please use condoms . 
   hell naw , you left 20-something comments in this thread , i 'm glad i ai n't investing that much time into reading comments on reddit . 
  yeah well , you then would have read the comment , where i mentioned being married to a surgeon . 
  yeah , her studying medicine was n't fun for both of us . 
  i had to study biochemistry with her , involuntarily , because she needed someone to check her knowledge about that retarded field , which tbh , is simply there to filter out 50 % of the students , who do n't have the discipline to memorize that shit . 
  i am glad , that i never felt the wish to study medicine . 
  but anyways , being a surgeon is a whole different story . 
  regarding the `` creativity '' part . 
  maybe you 'll get there , or maybe you want to become an anesthetist ... in that case i actually know a shitload of jokes about those `` doctors '' . 
  surgeons somehow do n't have any respect for them ... at least in berlin . 
  anyways , i hope you 'll manage to become a good doctor . 
  hey look !, 
  you got that one right !, 
  this reminds me of a retarded comment i read here somewhere ... i wonder why , gee !, 
   from the events i 've seen the past few years , germany is not fine at all . 
  yeah well , i disagree . 
  germany is one of the finest countries ever . 
  it went from centrist to centrist the weather is fine , people have jobs and cars , we even are on the way to legalize gay marriage now . 
  people are not demonstrating in groups of a few thousand people on the streets every other month against government policies , so it seems to me , that they do n't actually fear an authoritarian change or something . 
  it 's a country of stability and a reliable international partner . 
  so all in all , in my opinion , germany is fuckin fine ... . . so what now ? 
  good talk , bro ... 
  it began with patriotism , there 's no reason denying it . 
  and there 's also no guarantee that unreflected patriotism will lead us down the same path again . 
  at least in my opinion , it 's not worth risking it . 
  germany is fine the way it is . 
  look at my comment again : i was implying , that no is guy would actually care about bombing sofia . 
  it 's not glorious enough to go to heaven and those virgins for . 
  of course , i 'd care , but that 's a different story . 
  ok , i 'll present you my hypothesis and then you 're free to present your thoughts . 
  so far , you 're equally condescending , but hey , no hard feelings , right ? 
  so here we go : just imagine , the is and its leadership is actually a rational actor . 
  they are leading a war against enemies and they want to establish a state . 
  all that shit costs money , time and ressources . 
  now the problem is , that their ressources are not really unlimited , right ? 
  so they want to maximize their profit per attack . 
  so what 's there to gain from an attack ? 
  it depends : some attacks are back home , in the middle east . 
  those attacks are clearly aimed at enemies , they 're fighting a war for survival . 
  furthermore , they need to attack the enemies of the 3rd parties , backing them financially ( qatar maybe , at least some rich blokes with a lot of oil money ) , in order to secure those payments for the future . 
  now , the attacks in the `` western world '' . 
  those are not about money directly . 
  they are for advertising and for recruiting . 
  the is is going to want to attack countries , which grant the biggest pr effect and therefore more new recruits from western countries , which in turn grants even more pr . 
  so they 're attacking countries , where there 's a `` sweet-spot '' of potential new recruits and a lot of pr . 
  germany , france , uk and sweden ( i 'd wager that sweden is mainly pr , after it got so much attention , through the international press ) . 
  attacking other countries would be a waste of time and ressources , both are quite limited factors . 
  bulgaria is not important enough , because , i 'd say , that the potential for radicalisation of the muslim youth is actually quite low . 
  and the pr effect would be equally limited . 
  i 'd even claim , that it would be damaging , because the people back `` home '' would ask themselves , why the leadership is wasting time and money on unimportant targets . 
  and the financial backers would equally start asking , what the reason behind attacking bulgaria actually is ? 
  so , it 's not that bulgaria is an unimportant country , i 'll reformulate it , bulgaria is an unimportant target . 
  it 's about costs . 
  you have to invest money and ressources in order to pull off a terrorist attack . 
  if you 're ready to invest time , money and ressources you will want some bang for your buck , so to speak . 
  bombing bulgaria is not going to get you new money , no new recruits , no real publicity and even the intended audience back `` home '' would probably ask themselves what that shit was about . 
  then stop reading them ... 
   i 've been thinking - why do n't we have this problem ? 
  your country is not important enough , sorry mate . 
  simply imagine it : some muslim militant blowing himself up in sofia ... and the guys in is territory would be like : `` where ? 
  how far away is it from germany ? 
  romania ? 
  what ? 
  come on dude , stop being melodramatic . 
  that guy is not hysterical at all , i actually find him very funny and the hitler comment made me actually lough out loud ... 
  their lawyers are simply too good . 
   there 's nothing wrong with being patriotic and proud of your achievements . 
  i do n't feel guilty . 
  and i also do n't think , that a majority actually feels guilty in germany . 
  it 's a myth by now and it gets peddled around , because it provides such a simple explanation for certain political choices . 
  i 'd rather think , that the matter is way more complex , than some `` guilt myth '' .
