  no dude , you can take the same amount of money and do a better job . 
  you ca n't take their money . 
  how 's this r/europe worthy ? 
  did n't we had a debate the last time around , when we had the last spiegel cover of him beheading lady liberty . 
  i thought there was some kind of consensus that posting all the trump covers from different european magazines is not something people want here . 
  because yet another spiegel cover about trump is imho getting repetitive . 
  oh come on , just scroll a page further and you have the indicators they used spelled out for you . 
  it 's page 96 of the report . 
  aids and health/health care are not indciators for this index . 
  obviously if you take into account the indicators the makers of this index have used you get the ranking they get . 
  you can disagree with them . 
  you can critisize the methodology , you can write them an angry e-mail , or you can take the money and make your own index . 
   maybe we can get 1 real socialism ? 
  i 'm ok with democracy . 
  i lived in a socialist system and it did n't work out . 
  socialism , in theory , is the best . 
  but in practice it failed every time . 
  maybe one reason is , that socialism somehow always gets paired up with some form of autocracy . 
  it 's complicated . .  i 'm not looking to convince anyone though . 
  yeah , that 's pretty obvious tbf . 
   using data that tells us something about relative poverty to argue about real poverty is n't helping anyone 's cause either . 
  yes i agree , but you did n't do that . 
  in my eyes you simply managed to ignore the topic after a certain point and just started to mock a lot of poeple in a very unjustified way . 
  also , the lower-saxony = nazis comment was n't very helpful . 
  i understand the sentiment , because it 's seriously frustrating to see them voting for afd , etc. . 
  but generalizing everything ... is also not gud . 
  but anyways , you obviously have your convictions . 
  which is good . 
  i just hope that irl you manage to propagate them in a more inclusive and friendly way . 
  i do n't think that we need more polarization in germany/europe ... r/europe . 
  yes it is terrible . 
  people , at least the adult ones with families and a social life , would like to spend their time with their families and friends and not waiting for the next train . 
  losing 2 hours every day every week is terrible , when you realise that you could actually spend this time with your kids or friends for example . 
  it becomes even more terrible , when you realise that you have to use all the time you lost to do all the other important things on a saturday , because you have no other choice . 
  in the grand scheme this shit is going to hurt our democracy . 
  these people do n't have time to inform themselves . 
  they do n't have time to get involved in local politics . 
  they do n't have time to go to the theatre or the cinema . 
  they do n't have time to educate themselves , because they are tired and dealing with a lot of other shit . 
  i really do n't understand your cynical and arrogant attitude . 
  you 're not helping your cause at all . 
  i hope that irl you manage to communicate in a more prudent way , than here on reddit . 
  come on , this is just arrogant now . 
  often these magic vehicles you talk about only drive at certain times , which makes your life kinda annoying when you are either 1 hour early at your place of work or 15 minutes late , because nothing else is driving inbetween . 
  especially funny when you miss your `` nice '' connection in the evening at 5pm because you had to stay longer for 10 minutes ( i know , that rarely happens / s ) and the next connection is at 9pm . 
  even funnier , when you live in an area that is n't really important for the db and its `` competitors '' , because only 5 people use the connection at most and db therefore decides to stop offering the connection , except ( when you 're lucky ) two times a day . 
  yeah , but why do you have to live at such a place you ask ? 
  yeah maybe because living in the city is becoming more expensive year after year and you just ca n't afford it anymore . 
  sorry man , but i have met a lot of people who simply need a car to be able to actually live a normal life . 
  to bring their kids to kindergarten and to the next doctor , who is 20km away . 
  it is very uncool to wait for a bus or train , when your kid is sick and you really need to get to a doctor . 
  also to go and buy groceries once a week , because commuting for 2 hours a day , does n't allow you to do that mondays to fridays . 
  so many other things . 
  your comment is mocking a lot of people in germany . 
  do n't disturb the circlejerk . 
  just ignore the thread and let them vent . 
  you 're not gon na find anything new in here . 
  i also fully expect this thread to climb quickly . 
  this is going to be a fun friday . 
  funny thing is , that i saw the article yesterday evening on spiegel.de and i was like , uuuuh this is going to be rally interesting when these news make it to r/europe . 
   i think it is far more likely that the french and germans will lose theirs . 
  meh , it 's worth it , at least in my personal opinion . 
  travelling to the us has been a hassle anyways , compared to other countries i use to travel . 
  therefore , one more stupid thing to do is not going to annoy me . 
  i 'd rather have some european solidarity nowadays than visa-free travel to the us . 
  i 'll survive without the latter , whereas european solidarity , for me , is a more important thing to have . 
  oh cool the quote me game . 
  let 's reverse it for once . 
  please quote yourself where you actually managed to say something positive about the lgbt community or the parades . 
  regarding statements without arguments i will have to point out that in fact that 's what you have been doing all the time . 
  you told us your opinion . 
  i derive my stance on the issue from talks with people organising the csd here in berlin and the prides in budapest and belgrade . 
  i am more inclined to believe them , when they 're telling me that the parades are vital to the whole issue . 
  and as a last point . 
  i think it 's very arrogant of you to believe that the parade is aimed at people like you . 
  that 's simply a byproduct and comes with the attention . 
  the parades are actually made for the lgbt community . 
  it 's a day when they can celebrate freely and feel accepted . 
  who are you to take that away from them . 
  on which grounds to you want them to stop celebrating . 
  on your opinion , or perception ? 
  how compelling ... 
  sorry man , but i ca n't quote all your comments here to show you how much you are against their cause . 
  or at least your comments do n't exactly identify you as somebody who would like to help the lgbt community to reach their goal of more acceptance . 
  the parades are the most visible part of often a week 's worth of workshops and information events . 
  they draw in the crowds and are the best advertisement for the events that are happening around them . 
  they are a very important part of the informational and educational goals that people want to achieve during that week . 
  and yes , i think that the parades and the events surrounding them can after years help to win people over who are not well informed . 
  therefore we need them every year . 
  one parade wo n't change much but 20 years of parades will . 
  so please , give me a real argument against them and not just your opinion on shrivelled dicks . 
  i 'll have to agree with the greek guy . 
  your comments throughout this thread prove that there is still a need for educating people about the struggles of the lgbt community , and about their fight for more acceptance , through parades , education at school and in public ( through parades ) , workshops , seminars , etc ( which are often parts of such parades ) . 
  your perception that these parades are not more than debaucherous orgies , where men shove their dicks into the faces of innocent bystanders is very skewed . 
  not being willing to accept that the parades are actually a way to inform people about issues of sexual identity and orientation , is proof for the need for such events . 
   the authorities had been `` insensitive , absent , badly organized , and incompetent '' hmm , welcome to berlin . 
  that 's the way authorities work here . 
  `` they 're just doing their job '' . 
  ask any berliner what he thinks about authorities here and you will get hours worth of stories . 
  to be honest , the amount of stupid bullshit that happened does n't surprise me at all ...
