  he 's milking at least 3 cows right now . 
  soros , the refugees and the eu/brussels . 
  and those cows just keep on giving :-) he has answers for all 3 issues and he 's not going to solve any of them , because they just keep on giving . 
  he would be an idiot if he would actually solve the issues that pretty much guarantee his election win ... 
   it makes you wiser and more informed than your younger self . 
  yeah , but no , not really . 
  does n't explain all the infowars , etc readers ... 
  there is no universal law , saying , that the older you got , the wiser and more informed you become . 
  damn you soros !!!!!!!!, 
  ok then , please expand on the interference point . 
  i 'm curious . 
  that 's interfering for you ? 
  ok then ...  the u.s. government has no authority to enter into negotiations is interfering , too , i guess ... 
  bullshit , german here , would defend the shit out of it . 
  especially berlin . 
   the united states again urges the government of hungary to suspend implementation of its amended higher education law , which places discriminatory , onerous requirements on u.s.-accredited institutions in hungary and threatens academic freedom and independence . 
   the government of hungary should engage directly with affected institutions to find a resolution that allows them to continue to function freely and provide greater educational opportunity for the citizens of hungary and the region . 
   the u.s. government has no authority or intention to enter into negotiations on the operation of central european university or other universities in hungary . 
  please point out in the text where the us government exactly touched your country ... we wo n't judge . 
  you 're the victim ... 
  yeah i know , that 's why i said , that my argument is no real good argument for expanding the ez . 
  it 's just an aspect . 
  but there are still a lot of cons to expanding the ez and they need to be adressed on a political level before thinking about expanding the ez . 
  i know that i can pay with my card . 
  i just do n't like doing it . 
  but that 's just about my convenience . 
  what i actually do n't like is , that i do n't have a quick way to compare prices . 
  i could get into some funky tourist area and get completely ripped off because after an hour i simply get too tired calculating prices in my head . 
  and with a card it becomes a fuckin annoyance , when you get home and see the bill at the end of the month and you realize that you somehow managed to pay 8 euros for a beer and 12 euros for a bad burger . 
  tbh that shit really was annoying when i was in budapest . 
  the exchange rate is even shittier than in cz . 
  you have all those prices with 3 and 4 zeroes on them and you 're like : yeah , is that expensive or what ? 
  and then my hungarian friends tell me to go somewhere else , because they would never spend that kind of money on such things . 
  and they know better places , yadda yadda . 
  so to sum it up : from a tourist/foreigner pov i 'd prefer a bigger ez . 
  yeah i know , i had the idea for a few minutes myself , but then i was like : wtf , i 'm not gon na pay for an ice cream with my card , or for a beer . 
  and where the hell am i going to park my car ? 
  it just makes so many things so inconvenient , when you got used to paying in one currency . 
  but like i said , that 's just my laziness . 
  no real argument for countries joining the ez . 
  it 's just my perception of things in this case . 
  i certainly would drive more often to our neighbouring countries in the east , when they would have the same currency . 
  it makes things easier . 
  i am all for it . 
  i actually did n't drive to the czech republic a few weeks ago ( while i was really close to the border ) because i simply was too lazy to change euros for korunas . 
  to be honest , i did n't want to calculate prizes in my head in euros . 
  you know like going to a pub ordering a beer and asking yourself whether the beer is actually worth x of korunas . 
  it would be a different story in euros . 
  but i realize that my laziness is no argument . 
  from an economic point of view , there is still a lot of work to be done to make it feasible for many countries . 
  also a lot of other financial aspects would need to be adressed , like tax regimes , etc. 
  i do n't know anything about them . 
  i only know , that this is a question for / r/askeurope according to the rules of this subreddit . 
  if you want to educate us about them ( which i would fully support ) then write a nice post and tell us some things about them , history , where they live , their numbers , etc. . . 
   he described how just because 50,000-100 ,000 protest -- it does n't mean the majority is in favor . 
  yeah no shit . 
  that 's exactly what democracy is actually about . 
  giving everybody equal opportunity to voice their concerns and to make themselves heard . 
  they do n't have to be part of a `` majority '' . 
  democracy , liberalism , rule of law , they were all invented so that minorities can enjoy the same privileges . 
  popular causes do n't have to mobilize a majority of `` the people '' to make them worthwhile , or acceptable . 
  this kind of argumentation really rustles my jimmies . 
  insinuating , that something is only then legitimate , when it 's pursued by the majority is absolutely undemocratic . 
  i personally do n't like the idea of an [ ochlocracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ochlocracy ) . 
   ordnung must sein ordnung * muss * sein ... because yes , odnung muss sein ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) we 'll see about the money ... and now move along please , nothing to see here ... 
  there 's nothing to see here , move along people !, 
  yes i know , he paid for trump 's campaign . 
  everybody here on r/europe knows that . 
  soros obviously knows what he 's doing . 
  he 's the real chess master . 
   so do you think that none of the ngos are paying protestors or other political agitators ? 
  yes absolutely . 
  what the fuck are you even insinuating ? 
  have you seen the way that law has been passed in romania ? 
  it was the government spitting in the face of every romanian . 
  it was specifically taylored for corrupt people and made specifically clear , that they could get all their bullshit erased . 
  and it was specifically passed in a way , that nobody in the normal legislative process would do anything about it . 
  the people did the only thing they could actually do . 
  they flooded the streets and protested against an outrageous law . 
  and now you come along and try to discredit all those people protesting a seriously corrupt regime and actually doing their civic duty , which is more , than just go to vote twice in a decade . 
  you come along and ridicule and belittle their effort . 
  with all due respect , but you are a fuckin asshole !, 
  i 've gotten mine ... you must be doing something wrong . 
  shall i call him for you ? 
   can you see one hungarian flag here ? 
  yes i can , actually . 
  i can actually see 3 in this pic . 
   i can already see these people are evil . 
  so you ca n't see the 3 hungarians flags in this pic , but you can * see * that those people must be probably `` evil '' ... hahahahahahahaha , you . 
  are . 
  oh wait edit : in b4 fake flags ... hahahahahahaaaaaaa, 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  maybe orban can learn something :-), 
  obviously . 
  so it 's confirmed then , he 's the devil . 
  edit : i also have to point out , that the hungarians clearly chose a better time to protest , compared to romanians ... 
  i mean the weather :-), 
  everybody , brace for the incoming soros conspiracists . 
  you 're kinda bad at reading . 
  like i said : none of the above .
