  nice comparison . 
  the only thing harmed are your righteous feelings . 
  there is no law for that . 
  deal with it . 
   it 's got ta be stopped i somehow really am not sure anymore if at this point i 'm not just getting trolled . 
   we have the right to shame each other publicly if we do n't like what they 're doing . 
  i have no problem telling people in public to behave . 
  you can admonish anybody as much as you want , the law does n't care , that 's normal daily interaction . 
  but you definitely do n't have any right to shame people publicly through the internet just like this guy does . 
  actually i am pretty sure ( 100 % ) that all the people depicted have the right to at least get a cease and desist order against his site . 
  as the main focus of the picture the depicted still has the rights to the foto . 
  but anyway , this is only the legal side . 
   we differ about this memorial and what it means to be respectful . 
  yep , we obviously do and if you would feel compelled to tell me what to do there , as a berliner , i would kindly tell you to fuck off ( as is tradition in berlin ) . 
  because your moral compass is not objectively better than mine . 
   the artist essentially forces you , while doing your everyday things in the midst of this great city , to calm yourself and remember the horror . 
  no he does n't : `` people are going to picnic in the field . 
  children will play tag in the field . 
  there will be fashion models modeling there and films will be shot there . 
  i can easily imagine some spy shoot 'em ups ending in the field . 
  what can i say ? 
  it 's not a sacred place '', 
   you apparently do n't know what it is either . 
  sure , i 've seen it just about 100 times by now . 
  because all my friends need to visit it when they come to visit me in fuckin berlin !, 
  then we go there and do whatever we want . 
  i do not encourage anybody to take selfies ( because i hate that shit , too , like hell ) . 
  but i climbed on it , i ran through it , i experienced it any way i wanted depending on my mood . 
  sometimes i just walk through it because i feel like it . 
  it 's a reminder of our history and it is absolutely beautiful that the designer of the memorial just like the city of berlin allows you to experience it according to your own liking . 
  and if you want to learn something about the holocaust you can go down below and educate yourself . 
  the russian memorials in berlin , especially the one in treptower park , are marked as grave sites at the entrance . 
  you visit a memorial but you also are made aware of the fact that you are actually in a cemetary . 
  the holocaust memorial is not just a memorial anymore , it is also a tourist attraction . 
  mainly because of its position i guess . 
  you have millions of people go through there every year . 
  there will be people who behave differently than you want them to . 
  but they do n't brake any rules or laws . 
  maybe they have different moral standards than you and me , but it does n't give anybody the right to shame them publicly for that . 
  oh yeah , that makes everything better then . 
  the people are free to do whatever they want . 
  the memorial is not marked as a grave site , there are no rules posted how to behave . 
  this `` satirist '' is a self-entitled little asshole thinking that his moral is way better than the morals of the people he is shaming . 
  instead of educating the people he is coercing them to behave in a way which is more to his liking . 
  yeah , that 's the way to go about it . 
  whatever buddy - . -, 
  yeah it 's tough shit !, 
  being publicly shamed is fuckin tough shit !, 
  it is in no way justified at all . 
  all the persons did n't brake a single law . 
  they just provoked the self-righteous moral indignation of an asshole . 
  and he decided to be their judge and use the internet to cause a nice dose of grievance in their lives . 
  just because he can !, 
  i do n't think that publicly shaming people nowadays is `` brilliant '' . 
  how is that justified in any way in this particular case ? 
  yep i agree , if we 're talking about the guy who created the website . 
  this annoys me particularly : `` so what am i allowed to do at the holocaust memorial , and what not ? '', 
  no historical event compares to the holocaust . 
  ** it 's up to you how to behave ** at a memorial site that marks the death of 6 million people . 
  `` is n't this disrespectful towards the victims of the holocaust ? '', 
  yes , some people 's behaviour at the memorial site is indeed disrespectful . 
  and then : undouche.me@yolocaust.de it 's like : you can do whatever you want , but i will judge you . 
  because i am an artist and satirist , so i can do whatever the fuck i want and publicly shame you because i personally do n't like the way you behave . 
  he is a gigantic edgelord . 
  it 's full of gold . 
  i like al pacino but the longer you look the more hillarios stuff there is , hahaha, 
  it was the print edition . 
  the best i could find is here ( btw , it 's all in german ) : http://www.oekotest.de/cgi/index.cgi?artnr=108673&amp;bernr=04&amp;seite=03 but you can see the ranking here better : https://utopia.de/oeko-test-honig-glyphosat-gentechnik-33682/ they do n't mention romania explicitly . 
  i had to ask around a little . 
  i got `` suspicious '' when i saw that the winners mostly came from romania and that products from south-america did n't perform as well . 
  short translation is that they found traces of genetically modified crop in the honey . 
  and they link it to the extensive use of monsanto crop in the americas . 
  they also delve a little deeper into the technicalities of producing honey and how the bees sometimes fly as far as 10km away to find suitable pollen and so on . 
   foster ... mcguinness and suddenly all i can think about is beer . 
  just came from the romanian honey topic . 
  it 's an interesting evening so far :-), 
  i like his style ... i think he is funny . 
  have n't watched his videos in a long time though . 
  the last playthrough was `` the last of us '' i think . 
  i 'm not sure , anyway now we 're two people who do n't hate him !, 
  luckily you came to r/europe . 
  we will keep you up to date on who to hate next and who hates you ( by you i mean the uk ... wait , do we hate scotland ? 
  ! ... what about wales ... so it 's england only ... maybe ... i am confused ... maybe just london ? ... ukip , definetly ukip !, 
  ) ... yeah ... how 's the weather ? 
  ha that 's funny , i just read an article about it in the german '' \u00d6ko-test '' . 
  a magazine testing products for their , i do n't know how to describe it , ecological qualities ?!, 
  anyway , the honey from romania was ranked among the top because it is n't full of pesticides , etc. 
  according to the magazine , the bees in romania are able to collect the pollen in fields that are not heavily chemically treated because there is still enough rural and natural `` landscape '' to be found and so on . 
  i found that mildly interesting . 
  but keep in mind that many of the manufacturers belong to the same company . 
  skoda and seat are both part of the volkswagen ag . 
  afaik most of the cars actually share the same base only the `` bodywork '' and the interior look ( a little ) different . 
  renault and dacia also belong together if i remember correctly . 
  if you consider that you realize quickly that europe is dominated by a few big companies . 
  it depends on where you decided to move in berlin . 
  berlin has many students from all over europe and they move most of the time to the same parts of the city . 
  if you stick to those parts of the city you should get along for the first few weeks . 
  meaning that it should n't be that hard for you to meet new people and talk to them . 
  but the average berliner is not really speaking much english . 
  be realistic about it .
