  it proves again that you are a fraud . 
  you can not make a coherent point . 
  you change the topics and simply refuse to adress the real issues anyway you want . 
  you have no reason to convince me . 
  you simply try to convince all the sad people who actually still read this shit here :-) for me , it 's pure entertainment . 
  i am using you as a study object . 
  science !, 
   once again , why do you flat out refuse to entertain the possibility of a link between the immigrant influx and increasing islamic radicalism in germany oh look , once again your message . 
  how subtle ... 
  i entertained the idea i checked the resources , used my brain and deduced that the data does n't support the assumption . 
  logic !, 
  yay . 
  it 's easy , you should try it . 
   you appear unable to think for yourself , use skills of deduction or any kind of independent rational thought . 
  fraud-tactics-101 : try to depict your opponent as somebody who is not capable of critical thought and is only following the official line of the establishment . 
  yep , not obvious at all . 
  you 're really bad at this , do you know that ? 
   `` deutsche welle has n't told me so therefore it ca n't be true . '', 
  fraud-tactics-101 : if possible include established media outlets in your critique ( useless ramblings ) and pretend that your opponent is only following them and the official line of the establishment . 
  did i tell you that you 're bad at this ? 
  even for a fraud ? 
  so once again : i used my brain . 
  followed the data . 
  deduced the most logic causal link . 
  you : looked out the window , decided that you 're right . 
  not actually you did n't do anything of that . 
  you 're a fraud and only here to repeat your narrative again and again . 
  when does your shift end ? 
  rofl , this conversation is actually starting to get really entertaining . 
  on a meta level . 
  it 's like you 're using the fraud-tactics-101 manual : after repeating your false narrative again , now you start appealing to some kind of `` normal people logic '' by implying that not everything has to be  peer-reviewed research and thus implying that the scientific community , which now is part of the establishment that has to be fought too , i guess , does n't know the truth , that obviously lies right in front of it . 
  unlike you , the normal guy from the street , who only needs to take a look outside to confirm all his prejudices . 
  funny how you call it `` logic '' . 
  here 's a logic scenario for you . 
  let 's pretend we take the `` millions of refugees '' out of the equation . 
  they were never here . 
  they had to stay outside our borders . 
  but we still have a war in syria and a conflict between the west and the is . 
  how likely is it that we would witness a rise in islamic extremism in europe ? 
  it 's a rhetorical question , i know . 
  but yeah , please answer me again , and please include your mantra-like message again . 
  keep on deconstructing yourself by being an obvious fraud . 
  i showed you that a + b = c. 
  you now started to invent your alternative math and pretend that this is wrong . 
  centuries of math have been wrong and you seem to be the only one who is able to see it . 
  keep alluding to your audience . 
  we all know that you still do n't answer me . 
  you never did . 
  you are a fraud . 
   oh yes that `` false narrative '' that letting in a million people from an islamist hotzone has contributed to the increase in islamic radicalisation in germany . 
  how patently absurd !, 
  there we go , reiterating the narrative again . 
  and pretending that it 's true . 
  let me quote your initial claim again :  so many could actually be immigrants or failed asylum seekers who are going there . 
  and now we got to :  letting in a million people from an islamist hotzone has contributed to the increase in islamic radicalisation in germany . 
  you are changing the topic anyway you want . 
  you are not talking to me . 
  you are a fraud and still spreading bullshit . 
  you can not provide one piece of reliable source that would confirm your suspicion . 
  please answer me again , repeat your bullshit so everybody can see , that you 're following a simple strategy , nothing else . 
  keep pushing . 
  it wo n't change the fact , that you 're a fraud . 
   i 'm saying it is likely that the refugee/migrant influx contributed to this increase in islamic radicals in germany . 
  no you did n't . 
  your initial claim was a different one . 
  you deflected . 
  and you were wrong again . 
   you are saying that it absolutely did not . 
  which is the obvious conclusion if you actually read the sources and follow the data . 
  but anyways , why am i trying right ? 
  i think you are a fraud . 
  you did n't engage anything i said . 
  you answered within 2 minutes . 
  you did n't consider the resources i showed you . 
  you were not talking to me . 
  you were reiterating your statements like a broken record . 
  you are simply pushing your narrative and want to influence the readers to see things in your way , which is skewed and not confirmed by anything factual . 
  as soon as you saw that you can not provide your own factual arguments you started to depict me in ways which would confirm your narrative even more . 
  while writing your shit here you are n't answering me , you are simply appealing to people reading this conversation . 
  you are a fraud . 
  not interested in any causal links . 
  only interested in spreading bullshit and false narratives . 
  and you are actually bad at it . 
  the one person making absolute statements here is you . 
  but anyway . 
  we began this conversation because you claimed that many of those people going there could be failed asylum seekers or immigrants . 
  i quoted you right in the beginning . 
  then i showed absolute evidence that not `` many '' of them are asylum seekers or immigrants , right ? 
  you then tried to deflect from your initial point which was proven false by trying to construct a `` likely '' causality between the influx of immigrants and the rise of islamic extremism . 
  i showed you that the actual likely cause is the conflict in syria and improved professional propaganda by the is . 
  you deflected again and tried to construct more likely scenarios without providing any argument but your own worldview . 
  the likely cause is that there is a fight between the west and the is . 
  our attacks have been answered through their attacks . 
  we shit on them , they shit on us . 
  the refugees are collateral for both sides by now and get used by all political parties on all sides to push an agenda . 
  which is kinda hilarious , because by now they can not go anywhere without getting caught between the fronts . 
  so please , stop deflecting and spreading bullshit , for one day at least . 
  it ca n't be this hard . 
   i 'm claiming that there is likely a connection . 
  ... hmm ... likely ... and then you want me to  tell me how you can say with absolute certainty so you can build `` likely '' scenarios out of nowhere , but i am supposed to tell you something with absolute certainty .
