  bwahaha , you must come from some kind of parallel dimension . 
  let 's see : the english people pretty much do n't want any poles in the uk . 
  poland pretty much ca n't stand ukraine and lithuania . 
  germans pretty much do n't really care for poles , turks , romanians , bulgarians and migrants from the balkan . 
  romanians and hungarian pretty much hate each other . 
  just a few examples ...  there 's a reason people leave those tepid cesspits of sexism , bigotry , homophobia , ignorance and religious fanaticism . 
  wait ... are we talking about ploand right now ? ... guess it all depends on the point of view , right ? 
   that mainstream media is overwhelmingly leftist ( with notable expections ) honestly scares me and disgusts me . 
  ok mate , confirming your own prejudices will serve you very well , for sure . 
  which `` mainstream media '' in germany are we talking about ? 
  last time i checked `` overwhelmingly leftist '' was the last thing i would say about it ... 
   by an `` former communist '' ( merkel ) sure , if that 's the `` truth '' you believe in , than we absolutely need such an institution here in germany . 
  a lot of my leftist friends would be delighted if merkel would show any kind of `` communist '' politics . 
  the cdu could n't be farther away from any communist notion ... you really seem to be well informed about germany - . -, 
   `` oh you read this on the internet and not the sanctioned outlets ? 
  must be fake . '', 
  there are no sanctioned outlets here in germany . 
  get your shit together man . 
  all this paranoia is annoying . 
  there is still a very perceivable mistrust against government surveillance and paternalism here in germany . 
  trying to impose some kind of geovernment news ( you know , like the news on the rossia1 ) would be political suicide here . 
  the parliamentary opposition would have freakin field day if the government would try such shit . 
   this is exactly what is being created - a center of defending against `` news that is n't acceptable to government '' . 
  yeah right ... such tinfoil much wow . 
   `` if truth is said by someone we do n't like , it 's actually a lie '' no , if it is a lie , than it is a lie . 
  people here are quite in favor of a government institution because they still believe that the government bias can be controlled more easily than anything else . 
  our press is pretty much spread out along the standard political spectrum . 
  so if a privately owned institution would start such a program a majority of the population would n't trust the data . 
  a government institution is a good solution because it would function as an info pool and intermediary . 
  you do n't have to read it . 
  you can read the various comments made by the press and figure out yourself whether you want to trust it or not . 
  that 's why people `` here '' think that it is a governmental task . 
  the government has the responsibilty , the money and the interest in setting up such a thing . 
  private institutions would n't have the same long term interest and also they actually would only set up such a thing for profit . 
  that would make such an endevour quite useless . 
   i do wonder if people would have initially branded the cologne attacks as `` fake news '' no , they would n't have . 
  it was all over the news . 
  it took the standard outlets a day to catch up , but afterwards it pretty much dominated the debate for weeks and still does now . 
  yeah , i am pretty sure that they at least matter more than all your disabled veterans and their acces to adequate health services in the good ole ' usofa . 
  but at least they were able to contribute something to the angry sentiment that something has to be done , right ?!, 
  right ?!!, 
  why should i ?!, 
  i actually am very happy that we have politicians who keep a cool head and do n't jump to conclusions ( at least the important ones ) . 
  the house is not on fire , come on . 
  this is a single engine fire keep calm scenario :-) the plane is still flying and everything is relatively fine . 
  could be better , there 's no doubt about it , but it also could be way worse ... like having a bunch of billionares usurping the power in your country for the next few years so they can get even richer . 
  because ( let me quote tomi  `` newsflash ! '', 
  greed does n't stop after the first billion !, 
  no , it means ( inter alia ) being able to read . 
  i did not imply that we accept terrorism . 
  we accept the consequences of policies enacted and actions taken by the leaders we voted for . 
  it means that we know that we will be shat on when we start to mingle in the mena region . 
  it means that we are not freakin stupid . 
  it means that people like me ( and quite a few other too ) were expecting it to happen , after we decided to send our warplanes to different countries . 
  that is the price you pay when the political elites want to take part in international politics . 
  i personally do n't have a problem with it . 
  you shit on people with f16 , a10 and tornado jets and they shit back with lorries and explosive vests . 
  welcome to the real world !, 
   ah yes , the mental gymanstics of '' fear agenda '' - used by both left and right-wingers to ignore issues they do n't want to talk about and sweep them under the rug . 
  we can talk about them , i really do n't like sweeping things under the rug . 
  but you `` sound '' kinda angry . 
  i obviously hit a sore point regarding the agenda you want to push . 
  by writing fear agenda i merely wanted to express , that people here wo n't let other people tell them how to feel about certain topics . 
  the first sentiment that people ( with an agenda ) tried to impose was that of fear . 
  quite a few just try to make a sense of it all in a quiet and orderly way . 
  ( i guess that 's not the way you prefer ) . 
  but hey : you can do it your way in latvia ( i guess ) , we will do it our way here in berlin . 
  so let 's adress issues shall we : why is it so important to feel fear after an attack ?!, 
  i do n't get it . 
  why is it wrong to feel unimpressed ?!, 
  why should the people in berlin not be allowed to adress the actual issues with a little bit of empathy instead of hate ? 
  why should we not be allowed to think first and act later ? 
  you know : after an adequate time and not within the first 24 hours . 
  why should we not be allowed to chose the agenda we want to chose ? 
  oh yeah , wait i know : because we will be overrun by the hordes from the east and we will lose our culture , blabla ... if the world would only be thaaaat simple . 
  discuss :-), 
  well , we wo n't have the military on our streets because it would be quite illegal here in germany . 
  at least in this context . 
  it can be used in cases of natural disasters for example . 
  anyway :  but now we have the military in the streets every day and people act like it has always been that way . 
  i guess this is the choice of the people in belgium and i am not going to judge it . 
  if it makes them feel safe , then so be it . 
  in germany having a bigger police presence on the street would cause quite some unease . 
  we accept it for short times after an attack right now , but there still is a widespread sentiment , that more heavily armed police on the street is not going to heighten our perception of safety . 
  of course it does n't mean that there is n't a debate about understaffed police forces , which is a legitimate point but a different topic . 
  it implies whatever you want it to imply , that 's the problem with written text and no subcontext . 
  for me it implies knowing how to differentiate and to consider several aspects of an event , sentence , argument , etc. 
  so yeah , i wanted to imply that people here in berlin actually know how to make sense of it all without getting too emotional and one-sided in their arguments . 
  so yeah , max weber , yadda yadda : i know that there are adults who behave rather irrationally , but i think of adult behaviour as of an ideal type of behaviour that does n't practically exist , of course , but a type of behaviour we can get close to , if we try . 
  people in berlin right now are trying . 
   extreme weakness that is kinda harsh , do n't you think ? 
  i am actually impressed that our institutions managed to defend us for so long , considering the fact , that there was an imminent threat for the last few years now . 
  but germany managed so far to stay reasonably safe without going full `` red alert '' like france for example . 
  i think of these idiotic terrorists as is long range bombers . 
  we can shoot at them , we can flak them into oblivion , but a few always will get through . 
  and that 's where it gets interesting . 
  we can keep calm and carry on , or we can run around like headless chickens shitting ourselves and call an attack proof for the `` extreme weakness '' of us all ! ... and our government . 
  it 's a matter of personal choice i guess ... 
  i live here in berlin and i can guarantee you that it 's not passivity or fatalism . 
  it 's called being an adult .
