  it is on the news all the time , this subreddit is full of it . 
  the politics in germany are dominated by the topic . 
  brexit was largely influenced by it . 
  it has been on the eu agenda for the last two years . 
  people are talking about frontex the deal with turkey , etc. 
  merkel went to tunisia last week just to make a new deal with them in order to resolve the `` problem of immigration '' . 
  i could provide a few more lines worth of text showing you haw that issue is being handled . 
  you told a piece of anecdotal evidence on which you build your theme of `` politicians ignoring immigration in eu !!!! '' . 
  agios panteleimonas ... eu ... and tomorrow the world !, 
  is that how it works ? 
   calling it a myth will only help the extremists gain votes . 
  the extremists will do whatever they want . 
  it 's the moderates who are important . 
  and it is important to show them , that it is a myth . 
  politicians ignoring immigration is simply a myth . 
   it simple supply and demand . 
  there is nothing simple about anything regarding this whole mess . 
  trying to imply that is actually simply wrong . 
   the problem with the current order is that we are almost ignoring the problems that bannon talks about . 
  and this is one of the myths that gets peddled around by so many people lately . 
  who is ingoring what exactly ? 
  and what defines the current order ? 
  try to be specific . 
  it 's almost like reading a horoscope . 
  not everyone is greek also . 
  that 's a weak argument m8 . 
   but there is a reason that happens and it must be addressed or else the extremes will get stronger . 
  oh this is hardly new is n't it ? 
  what is new is that the new actors i mentioned manage to keep up the narrative that `` the establishment '' is not listening `` to the people '' . 
  although it 's not new per se , we had it some decades ago . 
  but the thing is , that problems get solved and there is progress in many fields . 
  but somehow this gets lost along the way . 
  instead , like i said , we can witness the dawn of a new era of politics of fear . 
  people seem to have enough of `` cooperation '' and `` peace '' . 
  here in germany the people identifying with the afd often are saying `` dass es endlich mal knallen muss '' ( roughly translated to : it has finally to explode , so that something changes ) . 
  what is new is , that those people do n't subscribe anymore to the idea that we reach a consensus through compromise and through cooperation . 
  they simply want to see the world burn and are somehow willingly accepting all the bad consequences coming with that attitude . 
  these people get picked up by those new actors and their views get reinforced by the `` we against the establishment '' narrative . 
  what we have is a bunch of people , whose interests ( which are absolutely legitimate ) get abused by powerful new actors who simply want to gain influence and more power in order to destroy many achievement we all have been working for , for a few decades now . 
  and that 's the tragic thing about it . 
  it took us 70 years to build all of this , but at this pace it will take us about 10 years to undo most of it . 
  we built it on the ashes of europe and on the bodies of all those people who died on our continent . 
  in my eyes we 're disrespecting their legacies and are ready to once again follow those who build their world on fear , paranoia , distrust and personal interests . 
   it is the people that will bring down the eu . 
  i do n't agree with the sentiment and i think that you see it from the wrong side . 
  it is hard to tell what the people actually want . 
  europe is way too big and it you have to take a lot of different interests into account . 
  i think that the only thing that you could actually say is that people want to stop uncontrolled immigration . 
  but that 's all . 
  the further you go the more different the view on the issue of migration , integration and immigration become . 
  you should try to view it from the other side . 
  from the political parties side . 
  you can nowadays subsume the rise of the new parties under fear politics . 
  their common denominator is their try to fuel paranoia and fear . 
  their approach is nationalist and exclusive and not right or left . 
  therefore i do n't think that it 's `` the people '' . 
  it is the new political actors that started to use fear as their tool to gain power and influence . 
  bannon is one of them . 
  at least we now know from which political side you 're coming . 
   you can even argue that yes * you * can do that and ignore years of incremental change leading up to the union we have today . 
  changes started by european politicians and not by nato generals . 
  dismissing all those incremental changes as `` never happened and if they happened you have to view them as events in a historical vacuum without context '' is very showing of * your * understanding of political events ... narrow understanding ... 
  i 'm actually sure , that they still will blame the eu for them and ignore them at home . 
  it worked so far , never change a running system . 
  sure , i do n't know nothing ... all the while you 're comparing a defense organization with an economic and political union . 
  speaks for you and your views . 
   is this really how the europeans are thinking now ? 
  who the hell is supposed to know how `` the europeans '' think now ? 
   if , for example , trump quickly signs an extensive trade agreement with britain the moment we 're free from the customs union , and goes on to make it clear that the same is available to any other country that follows , that 's equivalent to a declaration of war ? 
  of course not . 
  it will be seen for its intentions and it surely wo n't be seen as a gesture of good will , which seems a reasonable assumption . 
   if they 're worried people will leave the eu to sign bilateral trade agreements with the usa , maybe they should have signed ttip while they had the chance . 
  nice one , if they did n't like shit2 .0 they should have opted for shit1 .0 !, 
  i would wager that the eu was the one entity that actually listened to those people whereas your political establishment has a tradition of ignoring them . 
  but yeah , blame the eu again for everything bad , ignore your real problems . 
   these radical advocates sure , they are the `` radicals '' . 
  also since when is the right now using 1984 as an argument ? 
  this story gets more bizarre by the day . 
  and finally the usual question : have you read the article ? 
  your comment does n't suggest so . 
  on topic : the eu is exactly what you are trying to dismiss : it is the consequence of the work of people who were smarter and braver , than you and the people you obviously support . 
  it is almost sickening how you want to imply that the labour of all those people who actually had a political vision for a better future is wasted on the european project . 
  they worked long and hard to build upon the work of their predecessors and now people like you come around and try to undo everything . 
  we are literally standing on the shoulders of giants and if we follow people like you we will be the first ones to destroy their legacies . 
  ok sold , you pay cash ? 
  gib moneyz please !, 
  oh , btw , you will have to keep your government though , hope that 's no dealbreaker ... 
  warlin baggins ? 
  in german it could be warschling b\u00e4ggins ... 
  ~ ~ yep . ~ ~ you get around 300 euros from the state and your housing costs are paid , ~ ~ but you are n't legally allowed to look for a job and work yourself . ~ ~ but the 5 year period begins with your official written request for asylum . 
  so it 's not being accepted as refugee + 5 years . 
  it 's just a little nuance , i wanted you to have a more complete picture . 
  edit : there are obvious exceptions . 
  highly qualified refugees can get their permit right at the beginning . 
  but it 's not the norm . 
  edit 2 : had to correct my initial post . 
  refugees get a permit , when their status gets confirmed . 
  they can get the permission to work during the time their request gets processed , but in practice employers often do n't accept them , because of their uncertain status . 
  yeah , sorry for the confusion , asylum law is a little too complex , when you 're tired . 
  the 5 year remark is insofar correct that you can apply for a permanent working permit after 5 years .
