  so everybody , please stop thinking !, 
  only thoughts aligning with their thoughts are allowed now ... if we wan na stop them !, 
  logic !, 
   what an insane strawman . 
  ...  yeah , sure , let 's say we take in 5 million people . 
  that is 0,16 % of the world 's poor . 
  what do we with the other 99,84 % ? 
  is n't it horribly unfair that they do n't get to live in europe while the tiny minority 0,16 % do ? 
  must feel nice . 
  guess your strawman is just better . 
  or am i going to be slammed with the false eqwiwalensi card ? 
   what if other people/countries do n't want to take them in ? 
  why force others to share the burden you yourself have taken on ? 
  because that 's how the system works . 
  do n't like it , leave it . 
  but it does n't matter anymore . 
  things have been learned from this whole ordeal , that 's for sure . 
  the path for future eu integration has been set . 
  even if it 's not official , the two-tier-eu will be solidified and the core nations will keep on doing their thing on their own . 
  the expansion to the east was a great learning experience . 
  and the processes will be adapted for future events . 
  especially after brexit i 'm expecting more cooperation between the west-european memeber states the baltics and actually greece . 
  but the v4 will be in for a fun ride , that 's for sure . 
   who is blaming here , again ? 
  you blamed vienna funnily enough , which is also very specific . 
  i guess you 're some kind of hobby historian . 
   edit : and i didnt claim the east is the historical defender of your values , somebody else did . 
  so don t pick that bone with me , because i don t care about it . 
  that 's funny , it makes this whole debate very schizophrenic . 
  the one guy telling me the defender fairy tale , to whom i point out , that it is in fact a very selective point of view , because the defenders actually lost quite a lot for `` defending '' , which in turn gets down voted , because i guess i 'm wrong and then you turn up telling me that your people died left and right and that you do n't give a shit about defending european culture or whatever . 
  wow , eeuropeans , still ca n't manage to agree on one narrative . 
  oh wait , i 'm wrong there is one : eu is shit , fuck brussels , we need to do everything on our own . 
  but that 's an easy one nowadays ... 
  yeah well , he said : we 're poking them , we 're constantly attacking them , judging them , that they 're not democratic enough , that their hairstyle is bad , that their political system is bad , that they should n't behave this way , so we 're constantly provoking conflicts with the turks . 
  i guess the guy summed the hairstyle , behave this and that way , political system , etc , under `` unnecessary things '' . 
  it 's debatable maybe ... 
  but not absolutely incorrect . 
  the way orb\u00e1n talked about them live , did n't imply that he would take the issues seriously at all . 
  i mean , lamenting about hairstyle and democracy in the same sentence does n't sleek for his approval of '' european values '' . 
   but do n't expect us to blindly follow . 
  do n't worry , we 're not expecting you to do * anything * , your glorious leader taught us very well , what to expect from hungary , when it 's about european cooperation . 
  do n't expect us to wait for you . 
   maybe if vienna might have cared to send some reinforcements once in while and here i am thinking that the east is somehow the historical defender of our european culture . 
  but somehow it still needs the help from vienna in this case obviously . 
  at least you people * really * are consistent . 
  i 'm amazed , because looking at the top comments on this particular convo , i can see a guy lamenting how little bulgaria is getting shit done and the other dude praising our eastern friends for defending european culture . 
  but help from vienna would be a nice thing after all ... hmm ... how does this stupid cooperation thingy on a european level work ? 
  if there 's one thing i learned reading topics like these it is , that the only thing which gets shared * really * easily is blame . 
  hey , you 're the one still using a pc for gaming . 
  take a guess which platform will die a slow and unimportant death ... 
  it 's comparable to your political views ;-), 
  xaxaxaxa ... sure that 's the reason * why * the dutch voted that way . 
  til the dutch are like the swiss now ... neutral . 
  but at least you did n't deny the rest ... 
  it 's ok my friend . 
  enjoy your circlejerk . 
  this is just another thread for people like you reinforcing their views about some fairy tale european culture , when most of you could n't even manage to name the european values the eu has been built upon . 
  the only thing you can agree on , is that islam is an ideology and we need to defend our european culture . 
  but as soon as you have to vote for association agreements or maybe visa free travel for ukraine you nope the hell out . 
  guess in that case our eastern friends are not european enough . 
  or what about bulgarians , romanians and people from the balkans who would like to come to live in the netherlands ? 
  nah , they should stay where they are ... their culture is different than ours . 
  they have a different mentality ... we do n't need all the cultural relativism , yada yada . 
  those people are always good enough to clean your shit , or to defend your fantastical european culture ... as long as they stay where they are . 
  alternative facts , do n't trust them , those inspectors are completely detached from the people !, 
  you mean they somehow managed to lose most of the time , let the golden horde and the ottomans penetrate as far as vienna and were under occupation for long periods of time until the big monarchies of austria , prussia , etc. 
  forced them under their rule for a long period of time after which most of them managed to form nations after ww2 just to become vassals of the soviet union ... yeah ... 
  i 've seen more efficient defenders . 
  maybe if they would have managed to unite under a common cause , maybe then they would have managed to do what you boldly claim here . 
  but most of the time they were a bunch of small local entities with a lot of patriotic feelings but no power at all . 
  well , at least they 're consistent . 
  how about r/askeurope ? 
  le sigh ... it 's about changes to terms and conditions . 
  about consumer protection . 
  completely different field . 
  i am going to assume , that you have n't read the article and simply jumped in to establish your narrative as early as possible . 
  while being completely wrong ... good job !, 
   what 's wrong with maintaining a status quo ? 
  why is a status quo such a bad thing just because it 's the status quo ? 
  it depends on the status-quo . 
  but on a societal level stagnation is in most cases nothing good . 
  the issues we will be facing in the next decades will demand more cooperation between member states . 
  when looking at the progress the eu has achieved so far , i must say , that i 'm glad that we overcame the status-quo . 
  on the other hand , i do n't agree with the way the eu treated the situation in greece . 
  so yeah , there is a lot of good , but there are also some very bad things . 
  we need to learn from them and make progress . 
  keeping the greek status-quo would be a very bad thing for example . 
   the eu should not be a state , that 's not what we originally voted for 40 odd years ago . 
  in scientific literature the eu is called sui generis . 
  it 's not a state , we still try to figure out where to go with the system . 
  i doubt that the eu is going to be a state within the next few generations . 
  it 's not in the `` genes '' of the eu to become a state . 
   the people inside the eu , whom nobody elected , wo n't stop let anything get in their way of their project . 
  sorry , that 's nonsense . 
  the eu member states are still democracies . 
  the leaders of the integral parts of the eu are elected representatives . 
  the members of the ep are directly elected by the european people . 
  just as scotland feels misrepresented in the uk right now , the uk can feel the same about the eu . 
  but both entities are based on democratic principles . 
  they 're not perfect .
