  anyways , crimea , not the people of russia . 
  shall we compare how many people live in russia and how many live on that godforsaken peninsula ? 
  which brings us back to : the sanctions are not aimed at hurting the people of russia . 
  of course if you insist that sanctioning crimeans equates to sanctioning all the russians , then ... well , please do so . 
   you do realise austria is our neighbour , right ? 
  that 's why our people had to wait there . 
  you what now ? 
  and you are calling me an illiterate and telling me that i did n't read anything you wrote ? 
  are you for real ? 
  how is that point in any world an answer to my point ? 
  of course i realise that austria is your neighbour . 
  i merely pointed out , that your comparison is full of shit . 
  you had to wait in your neighbours house , literally . 
  no camp , no animal treatment . 
  also no war for years in hungary , no need to cross half the world . 
  your comparison is seriously , absolutely bad . 
  your answer is : `` you do realise hurr durr '' ... what the actual fuck ? 
  and then you tell me things which do n't have to do anything with what i 've said . 
  what the fuck ? 
  wtf ? 
   i 'm not trying to be funny , you are making too many assumptions . 
  yeah ... assumptions ... backed by sources and numbers . 
  sure . .  but you 've said we do n't allow anyone in , how could we enjoy refugees , when we do n't have any ? 
   wtf , again . 
  you are literally all you cry about . 
  you do n't read anything and you reply by talking out of your ass . 
  i said , that you have even more refugees now compared to the number you would have had , when your retarded government would have chosen the path of cooperation . 
  i 've said that for the last few hours . 
  but if you still insist on doing things on your own , you are free to enjoy your refugees alone . 
  for the next 10 years at least . 
  orb\u00e1n needs to be reelected again . 
   you are being arrogant there 's this saying in germany : skill only seems to be arrogance , if you look at it from below . 
  thanks for the compliment ;-), 
  none of the things you mentioned are aims of the sanctions . 
  nobody is that naive considering sanctions . 
  there is extensive research on their efficiency showing that a `` rally around the flag '' is the most common effect of sanctions . 
  nobody expects that in the next years putin is going to be elected out of office by the people due to sanctions . 
  the eu and us sanctions are mainly aimed at the rich cronies of the putin government . 
  they are supposed to put some pressure on him and his `` friends '' . 
  they are supposed to make the stakes significantly higher , when he thinks about pulling this kind of shit off again . 
  for that , the sanctions can work . 
  they make his crimea project seriously more expensive than he 'd wish for . 
  the sanctions are punishment for transgression regarding international law and the things `` we '' agreed upon regarding treating our neighbours . 
  the sanctions are literally a form of punishment , which does n't involve the use of weapons . 
  it 's a big slap on putin 's wrist . 
  we ca n't do more than that . 
  but doing nothing is in the realm of international relations also not possible , because it would implicitly encourage such behaviour . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diplomatic_recognition that 's the quick answer . 
  here 's another one http://biweekly.ada.edu.az/vol_1_no_19/recognition_of_states_and_governments_in_international_law.htm you will see , that it can be kinda complicated at times . 
  but there are accepted way to do things . 
  russia did n't adhere to any of them . 
  yes and russia still has a lot of reserves . 
  last time i checked the putin government was showing off with all those numbers to show us how many fucks he gives about our sanctions . 
  the sanctions makes it harder for private companies in russia to refinance on the international market ( actually the eu and us market ) . 
  they still can do whatever they want with china . 
  as for investment . 
  that 's what sanctions are about . 
  they need to have some impact , right ? 
  but like i said , last time i checked the putin government was showing off with all those numbers to show us how many fucks he gives about our sanctions . 
  he can invest all those reserves into his country , i guess he does n't want to . 
   germany can go ahead and make their own guarded bases in syria if they 're so capable , and solve it on it 's own , if you do n't like the united solution . 
  why only the eu has to work on this , and not the un ? 
  why ? 
  because the eu has the means and resources to solve problems within the eu . 
  the eu ca n't do shit in syria . 
  the un also ca n't do shit in syria . 
  the sec council is blocked by russia and china . 
  the unhcr can help the people in the camps , which are seriously bigger , than whatever shit you build in hungary , and it still is not enough by far . 
  in which universe do you live ? 
  must be a hell of a life there . 
   when hungarians had to flee their country in 1956 , they spent months in austria waiting for host countries like usa , canada to accept them . 
  aaaaaahahahahahaa , let me see : war ridden hungary , in the mid of a humanitarian crisis , years of conflict , many dead people everywhere ... refugees had to wait in ... austria !, 
  in camps in austria , where the austrians treeted them like animals ... oh wait . 
  right . 
  did n't happen . 
  again , in which universe do you live ? 
  must be a hell of a life there . 
  send adress please . 
  while we can read the following about your way to treat refugees : `` asylum-seekers -- including unaccompanied children -- are suffering violent abuse , illegal push backs and unlawful detention at the hands of hungary 's authorities and a system blatantly designed to deter them , amnesty international has revealed in a new report . '', 
  good job !, 
   that 's great . 
  out of over 1 million , 55 thousand left on their own . 
  no problem then !, 
  the 130000 who 's gone missing does n't raise any alarms either . 
  they 're probably busy working somewhere for their plane ticket home . 
  yeah , try being funny while throwing around numbers you do n't know shit about . 
  we had 745545 people who claimed refugee status in 2016 . 
  173846 of them did n't get the status and therefore had to leave the country again . 
  55000 did it voluntarily after we gave them a nice incentive using our money . 
  55000 out of 173846 . 
  the rest has legal refugee status and is allowed to stay here . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/flyer/flyer-schluesselzahlen-asyl-2016.pdf?__blob=publicationfile )  that moment you would claim we all ( eu ) have to solve this crisis in germany , because they are already there . 
  we already did that and realised that you only like the eu when you have to fight big companies who sell you substandard ee food . 
  we would n't call on you again . 
  hence the 2-speed-eu . 
  enjoy your life on the periphery . 
  and enjoy your refugees . 
   your way does not solve the problem . 
  your way does n't either . 
  so what now ?
