  nope , you think wrong . 
  you know , sense and all . 
  all i got was mein kampf , you are fools , which is kinda incoherent , with no context . 
  i am sorry for your incompetence at communicating clearly , now we all are sorry for each other . 
  bwah , here we go . 
  i was n't talking about any of those points you mentioned . 
  please reply to the right people in the future . 
  i do n't give a shit about any of the things you just said . 
  they are completely irrelevant outside the r \\ donald . 
  also , fuckin finally : i obviously got appointed a troll that actually is capable of using the english language . 
  thank your boss from me . 
  you really like your condescending tone , do n't you ?!, 
  and do n't worry , we will make you deal with it , just for shits and giggles . 
  how the fuck did we get to trump ? 
  what is your point ? 
  and how the fuck do you know what i believe ? 
  what the fuck is happening ? 
  are all the good trolls on vacation ? 
  you are the second bad one today . 
  i demand to be entertained by high quality loonies , ffs !, 
  i almost feel offended by the quality of your posts mate . 
  but then again , it 's the internet and a topic about russia . 
  it 's like a box of chocolate , right ? 
  it 's getting lame . 
  `` discussing '' with you seems to have no sense at all . 
  i almost see a pattern , xaxa . 
  poka poka , enjoy your winter . 
  ehm , it could . 
  are you sure you actually understand english ? 
  which translating service are you using ? 
  yeah ... sense ... your post does n't make any . 
  can i have your job ? 
  i would be better at it . 
  did n't realize it . 
  i guess i already spent too much time on this specific subreddit . 
  whatever dude . 
  it is always wiser to not lie in the first place . 
  also always wiser to not censor . 
  so what 's your point . 
  i do n't see any censorship in germany . 
  i do n't feel fed by our media . 
  there is no russian propaganda . 
  it 's desinformation tailored for specific audiences with a pretty clear agenda . 
  and why are they pushing it ? 
  because they get payed big bucks to do it . 
  and because it is of great use for putin and his posse . 
  nope , it 's only you not reading what i wrote . 
  the german government has already implemented stricter laws and keeps pushing for even stricter interpretation of the existing ones . 
  but writing about that is not sexy enough because how are you supposed to stir up new shit when the government is actually working as intended . 
  where is mah dramah ? 
  breaking news : government working , things changing , life happening !, 
  see ? 
  sounds boring . 
  alarming !, 
  change happening , possible outlook not really clear , therefore potentially threatening everything you might know , therefore without any doubt bad !, 
  this shit sells !, 
  so , do you have anything constructive to add , which does n't reiterate the usual `` wake up , doom is upon us ! '', 
  point ? 
  we already got the memo . 
  we are working on it one doom point at the time . 
  i am taking it seriously . 
  i just have to take a look at rt and sputnik here in germany and i already feel kinda uneasy when i see all the spin and bias they apply to their points . 
  which are mostly anti eu nato lgbt etc. 
  not to mention articles about russian topics in online newspapers . 
  they are heavily brigaded . 
  the comment sections are a joke by now . 
  and seeing breitbart and co 's new found interest in the eu and germany does n't help either . 
  my facebook feed is already often filled with information from the three sites i just mentioned . 
  it is becoming obvious that the angle they are pushing : `` do n't trust you i media , read our alternative point of view '' is paying off . 
  to sum it up : calling it nonsense is very shortsighted . 
  no other country is so heavily invested in influencing western perception at the moment like russia . 
  not caring about it is certainly not the way to go . 
  for people looking for actual infos : the thing is called a `` positionspapier '' . 
  it has zero legal character . 
  it is not a refugee policy . 
  it is a written statement that is going to be released on tuesday allegedly . 
  i would call it a result of the klausurtagung of the csu . 
  every political party in germany has a `` klausurtagung '' which is a kind of let 's call it `` review meeting '' at the `` end '' of the year in order to brainstorm and formulate new positions on certain actual political topics . 
  furthermore , some points should be made more clear . 
  the leader of the csu ( seehofer ) has been demanding a cap on refugees for a long time now . 
  he provoked a rift between the csu and the cdu and he made that fight between him and merkel quite personal . 
  merkel is opposing the cap for legal reasons ( and reportedly moral ones ) . 
  anyways the cap can not be implemented very easily due to constraints in the constitution . 
  so everybody is like : `` why the fuck are we arguing about this shit . 
  the numbers are down anyway and the whole discussion is a waste of time . '', 
  but : seehofer ca n't back out now ( a little like renzi with his referendum ) and is talking about this idea all the time . 
  he tied the future of the partnership between cdu and csu to the implementation of this cap . 
  if merkel keeps refusing seehofer threatened to not be part of the next government coalition . 
  and another aspect : seehofer is in full election-mode . 
  he tries to create a law and order image . 
  the csu is intent on achieving the absolute majority in the state elections 2018 in bavaria . 
  its main competitor in this field is of course the afd . 
  that 's why seehofer is trying to propagate such a `` hard '' stance on the refugee topic . 
  so everybody who is like : `` yeah finally ze germans are waking up !, 
  i hope this is going to be a law soon . '', 
  ... calm down . 
  this is going nowhere . 
  it 's rhethoric . 
  cdu , csu and spd ( the actual german government coalition ) have already tighten asylum laws and they want more and faster deportations and try to increase video surveillance , etc in the public sphere . 
  the policies are already here .
