  you sound like a 12 year old with a huge hard-on for an aircraft . 
  it 's an airplane . 
  it is doing its job . 
  airforces are going to buy it and in a few decades they will get new ones . 
  i simply do n't get this shit here . 
  i only pointed out in my initial comment , that the procurement of a fuckin aircraft is far from decided . 
  i showed , that the decision so far always has been a political one . 
  and now you chime in , like fuckin captain america , trying to tell me , that the f35 is the best thing since the invention of the wheel . 
  i am not going to decide , whether anybody is going to buy that thing . 
  if i personaly would have the money , i would n't touch that thing , i would get myself a p51d and have some fun with it . 
  i really do n't care and i do n't get why you 're trying so hard to sell me that retarded aircraft ?!, 
  if the luftwaffe will decide to push the decision to buy it and the german government will go along with that decision , i 'll be completely fine with that . 
  because , i 'm absolutely indifferent about it , i do n't have to fly it and i will have to pay for any aircraft ( through taxes ) , regardless of its origin . 
  so i do n't care . 
  i simply do n't get , why we have to make it a pissing contest between european and us aircraft programmes , i really do n't . 
  why are we doing this ? 
  i simply provided some additional information , the guy i replied to was obviously missing . 
  i did n't imply that the f35 is shit , or good , or stellar . 
  i never flew it , nobody i know ever flew it . 
  i do n't have an opinion on it , so please stop harassing me with your * opinion * about that aircraft . 
  if i actually would like to have an informed opinion about it , i would ask my friends to ask the guys flying it . 
  the flying community is seriously small . 
  but , i really do n't care , so there 's no need for asking . 
   well the a400m is a disaster compared to what ? 
  compared to the development of the f35 it 's on par i would say . 
  the development of the last few flying weapon systems ( ef , f35 , etc. . . ) was n't marked by news headlines like `` good news everyone , we 're fully on track and within budget and all is super fine here '' . 
  so yeah , the a400m is ok . 
  the guys flying it ( at least the 2 i know ) are glad , that they do n't have to fly the c160 and they like the aircraft . 
  i personally do n't consider the f35 programme more succesful , than the a400m programme . 
  both were and still are equally disastrous . 
  so it 's not a really good argument for the f35 . 
  meh , you 're not up to date ... 
  the remaining fleet is supposed to be used until 2025 . 
  right now the leadership gave the order to evaluate the possibility of using the tornado up until 2035 . 
  official source ( you know , the one with cool pictures and nice buzzwords ) in german : [ link , it 's yuge ] ( https://www.bmvg.de/resource/resource/ulrvcjzysw1rcevhaud4cklzqu4ynwfvejhlbjvyynr1oct3zlu1n09fvmrzsmpvrkvgy2lik2syu2vzrtjhq1k4cm1rvnlzsufhulzdnfeymmh4c3vjy0h2mxfiwneybhdvv2j0alnhvxm9/bmvg%20-%20milit%c3%a4rische%20luftfahrtstrategie%202016.pdf ) also a pdf . 
  you can translate the important bits yourself . 
  it 's on pages 26-27 . 
  intersting point about this new official strategy , according to [ these ] ( http://augengeradeaus.net/2016/01/lesestoff-deutschlands-neue-militaerische-luftfahrtstrategie/ ) guys ( also in german ) is , that the `` nukleare teilhabe '' ( nuclear sharing ) has been deleted . 
  it was there in the draft of the document , but the official document does n't mention it . 
  the capability to carry the newest b61 versions was one of the main arguments for getting the f35 . 
  now the f35 became an option , among other candidates . 
  i would n't wet my panties over the news . 
  the luftwaffe is simply checking . 
  we decided against the c130 and went for the european solution , so i would n't go `` all in '' on the f35 . 
  the political side is very keen on finding a european solution again . 
  do n't get me wrong , the f35 is ok , i really do n't care , i simply want to point out , that it 's going to be decided by the political leadership and not by the luftwaffe . 
   i 'm going to leave this up since it has n't been caught earlier and there 's lot of discussion going on in the thread now . 
  moreover , at this point it 's more important for these inaccuracies to be visible than for the entire thread to disappear . 
  there ... just read the fuckin comment pinned at the top . 
  it answers directly the question `` so why does this thread not get removed ? '', 
   second of all you have no way of telling whether a muslim is of the `` nice '' or of the `` not so nice '' variety by merely reading their application for a flat and i can totally get behind the fact that people are not willing to take a gamble there . 
   denying that is just irrational . 
  in my book it 's actually more irrational to base your judgement on fear . 
  and that 's what people do , when they base their judgement on the religion of people . 
  there is no way of telling whether any human is of the nice or not nice variety . 
  i mean , hitler was a fuckin vegetarian . 
  ( yeah i know ... but i like the example anyways , because it 's funny . ), 
  anyways , for me the notion , that people can be judged based on their beliefs remains irrational . 
  i 'll keep judging people based on the things they say and on the things they do . 
  and i 'm willing to take a gamble , i call it `` trust '' . 
  i consider myself rather old by now ( i 'm not 20 anymore ) and so far i fared quite well with that strategy . 
  got more friends than enemies and managed to visit a few countries . 
  so all in all , i ca n't complain . 
   discrimination is not intrinsically immoral . 
  of course it 's not . 
  but we 're not talking about whores here . 
  we 're talking about our efforts to integrate immigrants . 
  not only from syria and afghanistan , but especially from turkey , italy , yugoslavia . 
  we did n't perform very well , that 's what latest studies keep on showing . 
  sociologists keep on pushing the idea , that , for example in the job market , anonymized applications should become the norm . 
  that applicants should be picked only based on their qualification and maybe experience . 
  on things relevant to the job . 
  because studies showed , that applicants got turned down , because of their names . 
  * that * is discriminatory and actually immoral , or at least unfair . 
  there is no data showing , that a worker with turkish parents is inherently worse , that a german one . 
  germans are not born as efficient workers , contrary to popular belief . 
  they are as human as turks , italians and serbs for example . 
  there are enough germans , who do n't work very efficiently , who hate their jobs , their boss , their collegues , who only do it , beacause it pays the bills , who really hate mondays , etc. 
   anyone can come to poland and apply for asylum , work permit or citizenship . 
  of course they can , i never assumed that it was illegal for anybody to come to poland as long as they follow the usual ways . 
  ffs , i am not assuming that poland is some kind of dictatorship , like wtf ?!, 
   we oppose mandatory quotas yes , everyone and their dog knows it by now ...  as they lead to guarded refugee camps . 
  self fulfilling prophecies again . 
  but it 's ok . 
  i do n't care about the issue tbh . 
  the article was about immigration in germany . 
  i do n't know why we 're talking about polish immigration policies now . 
  i seriously have no opinion on that . 
  people , who got ellected will decide , what is going to happen . 
  if it 's a 2 speed eu i 'm ok with that , if it 's `` all is fine , poland and the v4 can do what they want regarding this issue '' , i 'm going to be fine with it aswell . 
  that 's how the political process works . 
   `` anyone who wishes to live in poland is welcome here , but i can not imagine a situation when people are brought by force and kept by force in poland . '', 
  that 's fine . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  i do n't like the quota system myself . 
  i see the merit of the idea . 
  in the beginning it was a good idea to think about sharing the burden in the eu . 
  but it seriously is not worth all the bullshit we got now , with all the arguing between the v4 and us . 
  it 's a lesson learned . 
  now everyone in the eu knows , that it 's not a union .
