  from my experienece with some of them , so : `` index.hu ? 
  nah , fake news , nobody cares , the fence though , have you seen our fence ? 
  we defend europe . '', 
   i havent been notified that it was removed . 
  that 's how reddit works , you never get a notification . 
  and as long as you 're logged in it will always be displayed for you only . 
   thats a great example why we need the freedom of speech - people should judge by themselves . 
  yeah , different topic but anyways . 
  there are also the rules of this subreddit . 
  it 's actually under disallowed submissions , point 2 : standalone content lacking credible source : in particular , graphs , maps , infographics , videos etc without a visible and verifiable source . 
  if it 's not present in the picture/link , post it as a comment . 
  in your case your comment maybe got cought by the automod , the fuck do i know . 
  or comments can be viewed as submissions when posting videos ? 
  i do n't know . 
  that 's why you should call the mods and ask them . 
  maybe they can clarify why the video got removed . 
  as a comment it did n't go against the rules , as a submission it did . 
  but those are actually 2 different things , imo . 
  anyways , laterz ... there 's a denmark , syrian refugees have more children thread rising . 
  i 'll see you there ... 
  nah , it 's not . 
  it got removed . 
  log out and you may see it . 
  you can appeal the mods , i guess they deleted it , because it 's against the rules . 
  but yeah , you did n't delete it , it got removed ... there 's a difference . 
  also , the downvoting is kinda childish . 
  downvoting unspecifically across threads just fucks up everything in the end . 
  although i can agree with the other guy : many of us by now know which agenda you 're pushing . 
  and i would concurr , that the questions are very similar in nature . 
  but at least we can have the decency to fight it out in every thread again . 
  i 'm old-fashioned in this regard . 
   it 's the quality of immigration not the quantity . 
  one of the papers is specifically about immigration into the low income brackets . 
  the `` professors '' do n't argue that immigration is `` good '' or `` nice '' . 
  they do n't see the world in such simple terms as you obviously . 
  they simply show proof , that immigrants are not costing us extra . 
  in other words , financially we can afford to add them to our economies . 
  in the short run . 
  in the long run everything depends on the issue of integration . 
  the paper also points out , that first generation refugees ( they are talking specifically about refugees not migrants before that circlejerk comes up again ) manage to get jobs regularly and also integrate . 
  the problems arise with the 2nd and to an extent 3rd generations . 
  oecd studies showed that they have worse qualifications etc. 
  on the other hand they also showed , that persons with foreign sounding names often do n't get invited to job interviews even , when they have the same qualifications and are born in the respective countries . 
  but anyways ... one of the points often made is , that they cost us , too much . 
  that point has been disproven many times . 
  it 's one aspect among many other factors , which need to be taken into account . 
  but it 's not sexy enough , we ca n't put it in a4 form on one single sheet of paper and fill it with buzzwords like nation , culture , cultural relativism/marxism , etc. . . you people just like to misunderstand the point as `` immigration is good '' . 
  the point made , once again , is , that in sum it is not costing us extra money . 
  so pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeease , if you ca n't understand it in such simple terms , then stop wasting my time . 
  yeah , i do n't really know , that 's for sure . 
  you 're pointing out several issues . 
  i guess some of them boil down to supply/demand models , i 'm talking here especially about countries like poland and bulgaria . 
  on the other hand , the connection people feel towards their birthplaces is hard to quantifiy . 
  and there 's of course the legislation , how investor-friendly a country is etc. . . and regarding companies and their complaining : yeah , that 's the usual shit i guess , the problem quite often is , that they want a person that never is going to exist . 
  you know , the mythical experienced young professional who works for peanuts and shuns long term contracts and lives out of a van . 
  the job-market is changing quite fast lately , i think partially due to the fact that we need more and more specialized answers for specific questions . 
  learning on the job takes time and many employers do n't want that . 
  they want you to be ready to be able to solve their specific problem , which is also quite exotic sometimes and then they wonder , that only two people apply for the job ... and they are living on different continents . 
   your point is simply dumb . 
  you make such a compelling point , astounding !, 
   that some people may fail to see `` unobserved third factors '' ? 
  ...  at the end of the day - a crime is a crime - regardless of socioeconomic status . 
  good job proving the point ... man you 're efficient , wow !, 
  and i thought i 'd need to keep this `` debate '' up for hours ... 
  we have laws against it . 
  still not rioting . 
  this world , how does it work ? 
   in other words you 're impatient with others not agreeing with your assessment of the overall situation . 
  thus the implying begins ... i am so happy , this is such fun / s  also i would n't say i 'm `` anti-immigration ''  i 'm not `` pro-immigration ''  i 'm actually semi pro free movements of eu citizens yeah ... after all the implying we move on to semantics and moving goalposts ... aka [ bullshitting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on_bullshit ) no thanks . . 
   people who argue refugees are good for economy are kinda dumb . 
  yeah fuck those scientists , professors , etc. 
  for learning for quite a few years and then researching for a few more years and trying to give differentiated answers to complex matters . 
  yeah , they 're `` dumb '' anyway , i guess you did n't read most of the stuff i posted , you came here to tell me , that those people are dumb . 
  good job , here 's your cookie . 
   we 're lacking science teachers too . 
  do n't know who `` we '' is in your case , but in germany for example the problem is rather , that being a teacher became unattractive in certain states . 
  education is a state matter here and not federal , therefore being a teacher in bavaria gets you the jackpot , being one in berlin on the other hand is rather hard . 
  so it 's not simply because of the things people study . 
  it is often a structural problem . 
   and honestly , i feel we are suffering from a brain drain in some fields , computing mainly , salaries in this field are extremely low compared to any other western country . 
  yeah , that 's a problem for many european states . 
  it 's hard to compete with the big start-up giants from the us . 
  the amount of venture capital those guys are pumping into the business is crazy . 
  i can handle founded alternative viewpoints . 
  the usual bullshitting on the other hand throwing around undifferentiated opinions is getting old very fast . 
  can you handle alternative viewpoints ? 
  try it : https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/sdn/2016/sdn1602.pdf http://www.demogr.mpg.de/papers/workshops/001011_paper01.pdf https://www.reddit.com//r/economics/wiki/faq_immigration and do n't try telling me something about the usual clash of cultures bullshit started by huntington http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/04/opinion/04brooks.html, 
   i do n't feel like good intro for debate ...  like that study is really the definitive word on immigration vs crime it 's not supposed to be . 
  it 's just the beginning , because there is not much study on our perception of crime regarding certain groups . 
   [ which you 've suddenly started talking about ] because we all know , what these threads turn into as soon as you afd guys get here and start your day to day immigration circle jerk . 
   there are statistics out there showing nice , good to know ... i 'll start looking * out there * ... 
  but did you know , that there are also people out there pointing out , that a meaningful comparison is statistically not possible in most of the cases . 
  i like this * out there * game ...  what do you think it does to a young danish man when he sees somalis commit over 5 times more crime than a native dane ? 
  i 'll cite the study once again : `` the public perception of the effect of immigration on crime may be partly misled by the casual empirical evidence available to the public . 
  natives may observe that areas where immigrants are more prevalent are also generally those characterized by higher crime rates , failing to impute such correlation to unobserved third factors and to distinguish correlation from causation . 
  that 's what i think . 
   information is power . 
  no my friend , knowledge is power . 
  information is a tool . 
  sadly , you 're lackin ' in both areas .
