  but as the potus it is his freakin ' duty to sound coherent and unambiguous . 
  i still remember obama , who jokingly was complaining about the fact , that he could n't talk shit , because it would lead to a crash on wall street the next day . 
  that is someone who is taking the role of his office seriously . 
  this guy on the other hand is playing with fire . 
   issues a severe warning that the swedish legal system -- which is a cornerstone of a democratic society -- is about to collapse . 
  oh that 's rich ... coming from this guy , endorsing the other guy , who is about to violate the legal system in the us , because reasons ... 
  this world is going nuts . 
  ... we need to talk . 
  it 's time for an intervention :-), 
  now i 'm gon na downvote him twice !, 
  just because you told me not to !, 
  you can not censor me and my opinion !!!!!!!!!, 
  have n't you people in germany learned anything ? 
  reeeeeeeeeeeee . 
  please do n't ... 
  there is a fuckin ' r/europemeta subreddit just for things like that . 
  that is the proper subreddit for such issues . 
  besides , the video was on the frontpage yesterday . 
  it does n't have any connection to europe , or something specifically concerning europe . 
  therefore , once again , r/europemeta . 
  it 's in the sidebar . 
  it 's not quantum mechanics ... 
   most likely for propaganda but it 's the truth you blind sheeples !, 
  do n't listen to the media !, 
  they are filthy liars spreading disinformation to protect the establishment !, 
  / s anyway , was n't a thread around here a week ago , how paris is still the most visited city in europe or something ? 
  and also : it 's a huge city . 
  like every city it has neighborhoods which are n't so pleasant . 
  it happens everywhere . 
  here in berlin it 's always the communist punks who riot on the 1st of may and burn the expensive cars when they can . 
  people can be dumb sometimes ... 
  nice strawman , i 'll leave it at that for you . 
   nice strawman oh look , you obviously got the `` handbook on internet arguments '' from the donald . 
  what else do you have in store ? 
  nazi , ad hominem , logical falacy , slippery slope ? 
  i am so excited , whoooow !, 
  i swear , people are using these terms like candy , throwing them around like it 's carnival in cologne or something . 
   let 's not pretend it 's all nice and good either . 
  nobody is pretending that , stop pretending . 
   how 's that better exactly ? 
  it is not , but it changes things . 
  the police is not doing its job , when it starts escalating thing so that people like you can write later : `` yeah , good job !, 
  get in there and whoop some ass ! 111 ! 1 '' . 
  the police is there to ensure the safety of everybody . 
  sometimes that means , that it is wiser to `` fall back '' and come back later , when there are not a dozen of people around you , who could get hurt . 
  this sounds almost too reasonable , does n't it ?!, 
  must be some kind of magic power ... 
  this poll is now on its 3rd round in a different graphic here on r/europe . 
  i 'm gon na quote u/green _ flash from an other comment 8 days ago on r/worldnews because it 's easier than doing the writing myself ...  keep in mind that this poll was done exclusively online which means participants were volunteering . 
   pew research has this to say on the matter of polls and volunteering :   while we appreciate people who want to participate , we ca n't base our polls on volunteers . 
  a survey of volunteers is a `` non-probability sample '' and the results can not be generalized to the public as a whole . 
  the key to survey research is to have a random sample so that every type of person has an equal chance of having their views captured . 
  polls of volunteers would violate this principle since not everyone would have had an equal chance of being included . 
   you can defend your result against an implicit volunteering bias by controlling for certain variables like age , gender , education and income . 
  from the rather poor methodology section they published it 's apparent the only quota sampling they used was with regards to age , gender and region , but not the others . 
  they did however capture education level which makes you wonder why did n't they control for it ? 
  i think it 's simply because especially in the high income countries it 's too hard to find highly educated people who are volunteering to take part in an online poll for very little money . 
  edut : stupid formatting , daaamn ... edut2 ... 9 hours later : somehow the comment got to the top , therefore i 'd like to clarify something . 
  i do n't want to imply that the poll is worthless . 
  the comment was meant as a caveat . 
  when talking about such important issues the data and the methods used for the gathering of the data need to be really good . 
  this poll is poorly done and you need to keep it in mind . 
  i am sure , that the tendenices depicted in the poll are accurate to a degree , especially when asking that question . 
  but nevertheless i am also sure that the numbers are not reliable . 
  therefore i expect this poll to reflect reality , but i do n't think that the percentages can be viewed without a certain degree of skepticism . 
  now this is going to be fun . 
  i 'm asking myself if the eeas disinformation digest is going to analyze their analysis . 
  that is some inception level shit right there . 
  debunking faked fake news , or something . 
  and what happens , when their stuff ca n't be debunked ? 
  oh i hope they really go through with their `` new service '' ... 
   but to this day i have never seen anyone define those ideals or values . 
  it seems to me that those values usually mean wild unrestricted immigration from the world to europe and upholding the status quo , nothing more . 
  yeah it `` seems '' this way to you , because to me it seems that you just do n't care to educate yourself . 
  the values of the eu can be found very easily [ here ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:oj.c_.2016.202.01.0001.01.eng&amp;toc=oj:c:2016:202:toc#c_2016202en.01001301 ) : to quote directly from art. 2 . 
  : `` the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men prevail . '', 
  there they are , our european values . 
  that 's what people fight for , when they talk about european ideals . 
  regarding your comment about immigration , i will quote art . 
  the union shall offer its citizens an area of freedom , security and justice without internal frontiers , in which the free movement of persons is ensured in conjunction with appropriate measures with respect to external border controls , asylum , immigration and the prevention and combating of crime . '', 
  just read the treaty . 
  it is telling you everything you have to know about how the eu is supposed to work and what the common goals and values of the eu ideally should be . 
  or just use the national geographic as a primary source ... fml . 
  dude , really ? 
  `` far-right '' ? 
  i really fail to see `` far-right '' content here . 
  is it because of frontex or what ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  rofl , you actually got downvoted for that . 
  how the hell are you at 0 for that comment ? 
  sorry but zis iz kinda amuzing ... 
  i 'll upvote you back to 1 . 
  either some people have a grudge against you or lithuania ... but who would hate lithuania ?!, 
  i need to check with r/polandball . 
   being exactly what it so transparently is ... yeah well , at least it is transparent then i guess . 
  i 'll take that as a `` yes i like the idea '' . 
  have an upvote ! ... back to 1 , somebody downvoted you ... freakin leftist pigs !, 
   hell , if fully automated luxury gay space communism was on offer , i 'd take it up in a heartbeat . 
  sooo , we 're talking about star trek now ?
