harold for president !, 
  yeah , i can relate to those problems . 
  that 's why i 'm glad that the berlin government decided to pay for daycare . 
  it 's a `` socialist '' move for sure , but it makes financial planing easier . 
  raising a kid is actually expensive as fuck in germany . 
  that was to be expected . 
  you need to establish contact with another human being for at least 5 minutes ( i think that 5 minutes is a good average :-) ) without interruption . 
  also , the darknes outside most of the time is surely a mood killer ... 
  these are facts i learned from r/polandball ... i \u00b4 ll show myself out now , because i actually don \u00b4 t have anything more substantial to say , regarding the topic at hand . 
  ... maybe immigration ? 
  what \u00b4 s the attitude towards `` mixed '' relationships with swedes , norwegians ... maybe danish ?!, 
  although it still would require contact after all ... 
   less and less people die a year because of capitalism , and a society which can only function in capitalism . 
  what kind of society are you implying here , i don \u00b4 t get it ...  look at what happened to china once they adopted capitalism . 
  yes , what exactly happened to china ? 
  it has a communist regime , no free press , no individual freedoms , no nothing ... 
  it lifted a lot of people out of poverty , that \u00b4 s right . 
  but besides that , nothing else changed . 
  so people are less poor now but equally unfree . 
  if you \u00b4 d like to define a `` better life '' in terms of `` they have more money per capita '' , then you \u00b4 d be ok . 
  but this definition would have to ignore a plethora of other aspects . 
   also , when was the lat time you saw people being shot in the back of their head in a capitalistic society because they did n't share the same political ideology with the people in power ? 
  russia , china , saudi-arabia , etc. 
  capitalism doesn \u00b4 t need democracy . 
  it merely needs social stability and the rule of law , which protects private ownership . 
  you are somehow insinuating that capitalism automatically leads to democratics societies . 
  a claim that till now is still contested . 
   or where in a capitalistic society are people put in gulags to work and suffer themselves to death because they worked too hard and earned a bit more than the average , or because they were more educated than the average ? 
  you \u00b4 re conflating totalitarian systems and their behaviour towards dissidents with marxism . 
  nazi germany used the same methods and didn \u00b4 t subscribe to marxism . 
  just as fascist italy . 
  marxism is not the cause for stalinist gulags etc. , or at least it \u00b4 s not the * sole * cause and arguably not even the most important one . 
  the absence of rule of law in totalitarian systems is not dependent on marxism . 
   if you really think capitalism is as murderous as marxism , then you are either uneducated , ignorant or ideologically possessed , or a mix of these . 
  i think ideologically possessed is describing your arguments throughout this thread pretty well . 
  i think that humans can be very murderuous independent of any kind of ideology . 
  marxism aswell as capitalism has been abused by many people in order to reach their goals , often through killing competitors and billions of innocent people ... willingly or unwillingly through simply not caring , or establishing the structures which lead to their deaths . 
  but anyway , actually thinking , that the cause for the death of so many people can be broken down to a simple capitalism vs. marxism dichotomy is very naive . 
   it 's the last comment on the thread . 
  you just need to scroll down . 
  i , by now have scrolled to that thrad for at least 7 times , because of you . 
  you have one comment in that thread . 
  it 's the one on the screenshot i showed you . 
  there 's nothing else . 
  but whatever . 
   good lord . 
  i 'm starting to believe you 're not actually trolling and are just this dense . 
  that was my conclusion about you pretty much from the start . 
  guess i 'm faster than you . 
  does n't surprise me ...  so , what does the ceu relies on to operate in hungary : an international treaty signed by hungary ( and in that case , which one ) or reciprocity ? 
  am i supposed to look up the relevant hungarian legislation for you now ? 
  it seems that until last week the ceu was running perfectly fine according to all laws and regulations in the us and hungary . 
  why ca n't it remain that way ? 
  another question you 're not going to answer , i guess . 
  keep building more strawmen ... you seem to be a pro at it , xaxaxa . 
  if anyone is reading this , they 'll click the link to my comment and see it is actually there : i do n't know how you 're doing all this , but if anybody is actually following your link , i am pretty sure , that they would get to the nothingness i showed in the screenshot . 
  i used my notebook , the ipad and the pc and your link leads to nothing . 
  if i actually go to the thread you linked to [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/swaaohy ) is the comment that gets displayed . 
  it 's the only comment you made in the thread , so i really do n't know how you create all this shit , but it definitely is not what i 'm seeing on my end of the line . 
  so i 'm actually getting very curious , how this shit is actually happening . 
  the comment you screenshotted does n't exist in the thread ...  also , well played in creating this `` i ca n't see it ! '', 
  diversion to obfuscate the fact you falsely claimed i did n't provide evidence other countries have similar laws . 
  yeah , disregarding all your false accusations ... you actually did n't provide any link . 
  the links i 've seen so far show that there is not * exactly * the same legislation in place in * most * other countries . 
  the link you provided actually shows , that reciprocity between governments is actually an exception , when there is no kind of international contract in place ... which is the norm ... . tadaaaaa , this is really fun tbh :-) you really do n't have anything good to show , so now you concentrate on calling me a liar :-) very convincing ... 
  nice attempt at trolling . 
  yeah , i do n't know who 's trolling whom , but you made me actually print this shit and log into my imgur account . 
  so 10/10 , i acknowledge that you 're at least good at trolling ... screen 1 with firefox : http://imgur.com/a/pjtby screen2 for the gigglez with edge . 
  you can see the url in the adress bar . 
  it 's the url you provided . 
  it leads to nothing . 
  so , who 's trolling whom ? 
   so you 're one of those extreme libertarians who claims that the department of education is unconstitutional ? 
  how did you come to this conclusion ? 
  it 's even there in the part you quoted : `` most federal education legislation is therefore enacted under the `` spending clause '' of the constitution , which gives congress the authority to tax and spend for the general welfare . '', 
  the federal government does n't have any explicit constitutional power over education . 
  the policy power ( limited ) it actually has is derived from the fact , that the federal government is spending a small fraction of the funding for education . 
  i though you could read ...  so the gi bill was unconstitutional ? 
  how did you come to this conclusion ? 
  this is getting amusing to be honest :-) the gi bill has been enacted exactly because of the fact , that educational institutions in the us are accredited by non-governmental agencies . 
  you really are bad at reading comprehension ...  look , i think if anyone is reading us , they 're now fully aware of who 's correct on this . 
  your claims that you ca n't see my comment are enough of a demonstration . 
  yep , and i , again , backed up my claim . 
  your screenshit is n't showing any url ... let me guess why . 
  i assume , that you 're not only bad regarding reading comprehension , but also regarding linking to your own comments . 
   another lie . 
   the university can simply keep operating as a hungarian one . 
  complying with hungarian hiring , fiscal and regulatory regulations like every other university operating in hungary already does . 
  and like i , and many others have said , it would have to drop its us diploma issuing ability . 
  i still do n't see the reason , why it is forced to do that ? 
  what 's wrong with being able to issue us diplomas , when it happens in compliance with us regulation ? 
  you still did n't answer that ... 
  so i think , if anybody is actually still reading this shit here , which i highly doubt , then all they see , is a person who 's getting increasingly agitated and desperate and somehow started to resort to calling the other person a lier , etc and who is assuming a lot of things ... also , the popular vote is on my side :-) according to karma ... but it 's fake internet points anyway , you * actually * would be right about that for once ... [ aaaaaaylaaamaaaoooo ] ( https://youtu.be/0y_g-sikg2w?t=16 ) . 
   pathetic really . 
  i 'd hope you have the moral decency and honesty to apologize . 
  but you do n't . 
  a liar is a liar is a liar . 
  allrighty then , maybe you should log out of your account now and then . 
  because the comment you tried to link to doesn \u00b4 t exist . 
  i don \u00b4 t know where it is , but for me that comment is not visible .
