  sure , if we 're lucky it 's just syria . 
  but , somehow lucky is the last word i would use in connection with `` us intervention in the mena '' ... 
   you kinda deserved it do not you think ? 
  this shit gets upvoted for real ? 
  holy fuck ... we actually do n't need terrorism anymore . 
  we 're capable of being assholes to each other prefectly fine without them . 
  st. petersuburg would like a word with you , i guess ... edit : i just saw your definition of ee is the v4 ... lmao , good one . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure that france and germany are up next . 
  the election season wo n't happen without attacks . 
  we will be pushed into the `` right '' ( great pun , i know ) direction from every direction ... 
   you pave the way for extremists with solutions . 
  extremists and solutions in one sentence ... ... you 're funny ... you know , like a clown funny ... 
  it 's ok dude , i 'm afraid to move to straya because of your fuckin nature !, 
  snakes , spiders even the kangaroos try to kill you and the birds , pretty much everything ... 
  i actually think , that even with terrorism europe is safer :-), 
  blue skies ? 
  not really ... looking out my window and nope ... sky is grey ... i fuckin hate grey skies ... 
  i also was under the impression , that he is a troll/bot/whatever . 
  but anyways ... what is a fenian ? 
  why should anybody listen to you , if you ca n't even manage to present an alternative ? 
  you 're simply against it . 
  your arguments against it are based on your opinion . 
  but i do n't give a fuck . 
  you do n't * need * to come up with a better name . 
  you do n't * need * to do anything . 
  like i do n't * need * to take you seriously under this circumstances . 
  i like this opinion based debating . 
  we all do n't * need * to do anything . 
  nice ... 
   a qualified opinion , frankly . 
  by which standards ? 
   the write up is basically saying `` we know these totally obvious factors refute us so we are just going to ignore them to peddle our narrative '' . 
  yeah , that pretty much sums up your `` arguments '' here , too . 
  he 's fishing for karma . 
  ca n't blame him :-), 
   frankly , a write up that considers hours worked , education and so on to be bad controls is not one i can take seriously . 
  they are some of the controls that matters the most if we are to determine if a wage gap exists . 
  so your * opinion * . 
  ok then . 
  it 's settled then . 
   `` social justice '' a cess pit of intersectionality , what basically amounts to the most racist and sexist thinking you could possibly find . 
  you still did n't manage to come up with a better term for the idea itself . 
  you 're simply against something which in your * perception * is nefarious . 
  it 's not convincing at all . 
  i do n't see any quantifiable damage social justice has caused in europe after wwii . 
   it 's explained some comments back . 
  i seriously can not be arsed to repeat myself this many times and still make an effort . 
  your explanation is lacking though . 
  all you say is `` they '' did this and `` they '' did that . 
  ca n't find explanations . 
  i provided you with a reddit source actually . 
  it 's not even a fancy study with 30 pages or so . 
  and it 's a nice unbiased writeup . 
  showing that it 's not settled ... and that your point is actually incorrect . 
   promoting social justice . 
  what 's wrong with social justice ? 
  should we promote social injustice ? 
   been for quite a while . 
  nah , not really . 
  how do you get to that `` interesting '' conclusion . 
  the issue is complex and economists are still arguing over the right approach to the `` wage-gap '' issue . 
  the right approach being the one , which manages to depict the reality best . 
  it 's far from settled ... 
  i 'll link due to general laziness to this nice reddit writeup from our economist friends from r/badeconomics : https://www.reddit.com/r/economics/wiki/faq_genderwagegap, 
  come on , we have sanctions up against russian individuals , the rhetoric on both sides by now is completely out of control . 
  we are accusing the russian government of medling in western elections we do n't agree on syria and ukraine and we are at a stand-off along the russian border . 
  nato forces are facing russian forces in some kind of retarded staring contest . 
  most of the time i check here the russians pretty much do n't give a fuck about `` eu '' or what europeans think . 
  the russian embassy in the uk is by now quite notorious for its tweets depicting the eu as some kind of gay heaven led by soros and co. ... 
  the relations between russia and the western world have been deteriorating for the last years . 
  what we see here is the consequence of all the rhetoric on both sides . 
  and to be honest , all this fabricated crying in the press about `` our '' indifference is simply going to add to the perception , that we do n't care anymore for each other . 
  it is not going to help to get our people to like each other again . 
  to be completely honest , putting up the russian colors would have seemed dishonest to me . 
  for the reasons i just mentioned . 
  i know , that many people are going to tell me , that we should n't mix politics into this gigantic clusterfuck . 
  and i generally agree . 
  but to me personally it still would seem dishonest . 
  we are accusing each other of the craziest things right now . 
  we are in the midst of an ideological fight . 
  putting up the russian colors would for me have the taste of feigning sorrow or something . 
  it would be quite unbelievable . 
  i feel for the people in piter . 
  it 's actually such a `` western '' city . 
  i really do feel for them . 
  i have studied with a few people coming from there . 
  but it angers me to see how this attack now is getting abused to divide our worlds even more . 
  i do n't know , how we are going to get the relations between us working again . 
  i know , that i talked to a few of my russian friends and that on a personal level we agree that it 's sad and bad and stupid and all ... but on an international , diplomatic level , the relations have been destroyed to a level , where i simply start losing hope , that we 're going to be able to reach a credible understanding soon . 
  i am expecting a very thorough investigation . 
  just like nemtsov 's murder case . 
  very thorough ... / s, 
   you are not even attempting to intellectually engage the argument . 
  i 'll take the liberty to chalk this up as your admission of defeat . 
  but that much was plainly obvious from the start . 
  you 're delusional . 
   beep * boop  does not compute !, 
  perfect description for your line of argumentation . 
   well then i guess i was accidentally right anyway . 
  accidentally , you should n't be proud of that ... and in fact , no , you were not right .
