  they do n't go over hungary , greece and italy , but we actually redirect the flows to the core countries . 
  they come here faster , get disappointed faster ... you know the drill . 
  but who cares , you say : no !, 
  we do it our way !, 
  and then you cry me a river about germany . 
  good job !, 
   again , how does hungary 's immigration policy fuck germany over ? 
  how does the route of these illegal border crossers change the outcome ? 
  again , it does n't fuck germany over , it fucks the eu over . 
  the route fucks italy and greece over and eventually all of us , because all those people have to stay in a shitty country and wait until your highly efficient bureaucracy , which does n't have any interest at all to solve the problem , works on managing the situation ... good job !, 
   i wonder , do you have a bigger problem with our government , or the refugees in germany ? 
  is n't it strange , that a `` joke of a pm '' of a shitty country like hungary can make you so upset ? 
  what makes me upset is , that people like you fuck us all over , because you just do n't like to inform yourself . 
  have you read anything i linked to you . 
  especially the nice report on your country ? 
  do you think orb\u00e1n is actually interested in helping your country ? 
  why did he and his government sabotage every try to pool our resources and to resolve the problem together ? 
  why is he dismantling your judiciary and the media ? 
  are you this dense ? 
  your joke of a pm is showing you nice magic tricks , so he can keep his power and his cronies get richer . 
  how is it that your law and order state does n't prosecute anybody in the higher ranks who decided to milk your country for all it 's worth ? 
  let me guess , a dismantled judiciary helps a lot , right ? 
  but the small guys and the refugees they are free to feel the full force of your law and order . 
  seems fair , good job !, 
  what gets me upset is that you sit there , swallow their shit , regurgitate it and feel smart about it . 
  orb\u00e1n is fully intent to keep the refugee problem . 
  he can sell it to you in small pieces . 
  this way you will elect him for the next 10 years . 
  he will tell you again and again , that his way is the only way and that the eu is not going to help you . 
  because it ca n't . 
  because he is doing all he can to make sure , that it ca n't . 
  so that he can stay in power . 
  and you 're helping him . 
  because you think , that he actually is trying to solve a problem . 
  you bought it and you are ready to swallow it willingly , because law and order tastes so good . 
  sadly the same rule do n't apply for the upper class . 
  but who cares as long as the refugees get punished . 
  they deserved it more . 
  good.fuckin.job.buddy !, 
  i showed you an alternative . 
  one , which could work if we actually would work together on it . 
  but fidesz is not known to work together with anybody . 
  it is known for fucking everybody over . 
  you do n't want to accept it , but i 'll try it once more . 
  http://frontex.europa.eu/trends-and-routes/western-balkan-route/ `` after hungary completed the construction of a fence on its border with serbia in september , the flow of migrants shifted to croatia . '', 
  good job . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34131911 `` tensions in the eu have been rising because of the disproportionate burden faced by some countries , particularly the countries where the majority of migrants have been arriving : greece , italy and hungary . 
  another 54,000 were to be moved from hungary , but the hungarian government rejected this plan and will instead receive more migrants from italy and greece as part of the relocation scheme . '', 
  good job . 
  why boat refugees do n't fly ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4 by trying my approach , we would take the burden off the countries on the border . 
  we would give them direct access to the countries they want to travel anyways . 
  why is that good ? 
  again : most of them want to leave after a few months , when they realise that this country is n't what they expected . 
  but they ca n't , because they have no money left and they invested way too much time and effort to make it here . 
  doing it my way , the cost-benefit-ratio would shift . 
  they would n't need to invest that much into the journey . 
  they would come here with alternatives left . 
  they would have money and an incentive to get back . 
  we would speed up the whole process . 
  they come here faster , get disappointed faster , get back faster , tell the people at home , that this place is shit faster . 
  your way is : they get here slower , they wait here for way too long , it takes really long to get them back ... to serbia . 
  the people at home think they should try it too , because they simply gon na take another route and just avoid hungary . 
  but they 're sure that germany is fine . 
  telling me that i am living in a fantasy world is funny , when in fact you are the one who simply does n't want to accept the reality . 
  which is that the hu way is doing it as shitty as possible making it as inefficient as possible and thereby fucking us all over . 
  all the while you own country is getting robbed by a bunch of assholes and turned to shit in the meantime . 
  funnily enough using the refugee crisis to milk you even longer . 
  good job !, 
  i already gave up . 
  there 's no reasoning with you . 
  thanks for calling me an illiterate . 
  please do us all a favor and build the wall all around hungary . 
  we will need it in the near future . 
   no wonder that clown know how much clowns earn here . 
  i wont be even remotely as good as you , so no chances that they 'll fire you and hire me . 
  you argue like a 5 year old : you are the clown , no !, 
  you are the clown !, 
  :-)  i assume that you have no idea how taxes work and think that goverment , which pays for migrants , have the money magically pop out of nowhere . 
  you assume wrong ... 
  i assume , that it happens a lot :-) btt : i am paying taxes , therefore i can ask my government to use those taxes in a manner which is going to help the people in need . 
   people who actually money dont reason like infantile teens . 
  i am so offended right now !, 
  you called me a teen !, 
  such insult !, 
  i give up . 
  i 'm off to bed . 
  how exactly ? 
  they still have those refugees and do n't know what to do with them . 
  oh yes of course , you 're right , the rest is now on its way to italy and spain . 
  we will have to build a lot of fences for a problem that is not going to exist if we would actually take care of it . 
  but no , let 's build those walls , the south needs jobs anyway . 
   the fence serve the same purpose as your airplanes would . 
  they control the speed and direction of the flow yep , it does . 
  it directs the flow to `` somewhere else '' . 
  but please not hu !, 
  the planes at least would bring those people directly to frankfurt , milano , paris , munich . 
  places with infrastructure , not like the hungarian border . 
  maybe we could try to resolve this shitshow in a more efficient way then . 
   camps exist for several reasons , one being those are the areas where we are able to provide them with food and medical assistance .
