  the people working in the public transport system ( which you will use a lot , presumably ) do n't speak english . 
  the people in the supermarket wo n't really understand you and especially the people working in the different offices ( b\u00fcrgeramt , etc. ), 
  pretty much only speak german . 
  i have studied with a girl from the us who lives in berlin now . 
  i could try to contact her and ask her if she wants to help you getting an easier start in berlin . 
  she is still an us citizen like you , maybe she can relate to your situtation . 
  i hope for you that you have enough money to survive for a while here . 
  berlin is kinda cheap ( at least cheaper than munich or hamburg ) if you want to have fun . 
  but rent is very high nowadays and it eats up a big chunk of your budget . 
  i hope for you that you have a job offer here . 
  that surely would help :-), 
  yeah , finally we got to the passive agressive insults . 
  what took you so long ? 
   especially seeing as you wish to see non-inciteful commentary censored because it 's labeled as being on the other side of your conscription . 
  sure darling , i clearly said that and it 's not like your reading comprehension skills are non-existent . 
  but i admit , that you used nice words . 
  after all your childish blunder you managed to put some effort into your posts . 
   do you have any idea how ironic it is oh hai there . 
  i see you used a rhetorical question . 
  i like that , because it follows the unofficial rulebook of internet argumenting . 
  you even were so nice to include a nazi comparison right in your first comment . 
  this way we do n't have to waste a second comment in the future . 
  also i like how you use a rhetorical question when you actually do n't want to pick up any of the arguments i made in this thread , but really , reaaaally , feel the urge to express your unbased opinion while trying to sound remotely smart . 
  so btt :  do you have any idea how ironic it is nope , i fail to see the irony . 
   you think you 're some leftist savior i 'm gon na take this as a compliment . 
  i know you did n't mean it that way , but nevertheless i will interpret it that way . 
  you see now , that is actually ironic ^ ^ . 
   championing censorship and government shut down of people i did n't do that once in this thread , because i do n't believe that it would be in any way worthy of a democracy . 
  but i know that you did n't bother to read what i wrote . 
   like a right-wing actual nazi did nazi that one coming . 
  as a german this is the first time that i actually got accused of being a nazi . 
  i am enraged !, 
  anyway . 
  you do realize that you sound like a fedora wearing whiteknight defending lady freedoms right to free speech ? 
  `` here m ` lady , let me defend you . 
  may i grab your pussy as a reward later on , m ` lady ? '', 
  rhetorical question , see what i did there ? 
  also your post is bad , only meaningless words , no content . 
  sad !, 
  my post is full of nice insults , only thinly veiled , so you can pick them up easily , mocking you and your hillariously wrong position and ignoring anything you would actually like to tell me . 
  it 's pure gold . 
  i used the best words , fact ! . 
  oh shit , i 'm enjoying myself too much , somebody needs to censor me quickly !, 
   the `` old media '' is just as unreliable and standardless as the alt . 
  media . 
  it might not be that obvious in europe but in the united states the mainstream media is spreading fake news and outright lies like like stalin 's propaganda machine . 
  and this is the reason why we in germany should n't do anything about it ?!, 
   this idea that the mainstream media is somehow more credible has been proven false lately . 
  yeah ? 
  i did n't get the memo , i must be one of the sheeps i guess . 
  i think what has been prooven lately is that a significant part of the public in many countries is not able anymore to interpret the media in a responsible and educated way . 
  also that a significant part of the public has a hard time to adapt to changes in the way we get our information . 
  when i went to our national museum here in berlin i saw the pictures from the 1930s when people from the left and the right were fighting and killing each other on the streets . 
  and i was sure that those times were behind us . 
  but the developments of the last i 'd say 14 months are worrying . 
  in many countries the public is split more or less down the middle and people are ready to do some bad stuff in order to defend their ideas again . 
  in germany for example right-leaning people feel that it is justified to burn refugee camps . 
  just like those muslim guys 2 years ago felt that it was justified to burn a synagogue . 
  people are getting agitated through `` news '' , informations and tweets . 
  they are not able anymore to view things in a critical way and they somehow get the idea that it is normal to resort to violence . 
   it is n't supposed to be censored . 
  i am not advocating censorship . 
  i am not for deleting news at all !, 
  why does it always has to be an all or nothing approach with you guys ? 
  i say that fb needs to take responsibility for the things that get posted on its network and you read : `` censorship ! 111 !!, 
  they need to censor everything !!! 111 !! '', 
  i do n't want fb to delete news . 
  but i want it to take care of all the racist shit that gets posted there . 
  why is it acceptable that they delete a fuckin nipple but as soon as someone asks them to take care of `` that fuckin nigger has to be burned in ausschwitz '' - messages it 's the end of the world and censorship ? 
  how the fuck is `` that fuckin nigger has to be burned in ausschwitz '' a message that is in any way acceptable in a debate and worthy of the tag `` valid opinion ; freedom of speech '' ? 
  this rant was about messages and not news . 
  i think that it is a separate issue but nevertheless it is part of the problem . 
  regarding news : here 's my point : just about two weeks ago there was an article in the newspapers here about the story of k\u00fcnast ( a leading green party politician ) who had to jump through some crazy loops in order to get a false story about her taken down . 
  the 1st thing annoying me is that there is no quick way to counter false information . 
  fb support is non-existent for that matter . 
  they need to do a better job regarding that issue . 
  the 2nd point is that it had to be taken down , because fb support ca n't be assed to develop a mechanism which for example marks factually wrong `` news '' . 
  i would want fb to take responsibility and make the people aware of the fact that they get exposed to some crazy shit every day on their network . 
  positing that we are all adults and fb is not responsible for anything is just not satisfactory enough for me . 
  people need to be educated in a sense that they need to be made aware of the changes in our media landscape and how they choose to consume their news . 
  and i am not advocating that there is a good way to do that or a right way . 
  before anyone insinuates that i am implying that it has to be done by the government . 
  i think that it is a societal issue that has to be debated in an open way . 
  therefore fb has to accept its responsibility in this debate and change its ways . 
  it just can not pretend that it is not an active actor at all . 
  why exactly ? 
  there is no tl ; dr about it just a shitload of opinions ob both sides of the aisle . 
  you should try to find your own information . 
  the topic is by now too controversial and everybody is blaming the other side for distorting the issue . 
  rt has its own version just like trump and just like the german government . 
  everybody is calling everything fake news . 
  so just start with your favorite news respurce and work your way down the rabbit hole . 
  it is not nice down there . 
   this should worry advocates of free speech . 
  i am advocating free speech and it does n't worry me . 
  ho lee shit . 
  disturbing , right . 
  facebook needs to take responsibility for the shit that 's getting disseminated on its platform . 
  reddit has mods , forums have mods , blogs moderate their comment sections . 
  only fb can pretend that it does n't have to do anything .
