   i do n't understand the idea behind it . 
   european union is n't there to form a hivemind where everyone iagrees to follow one ideology , no matter how idiotic or hurtful it might be . 
  it 's supposed to be an union based on partnership , cooperation , mutual respect and understanding , figurative `` bridge over differences '' . 
  yeah , you obviously do n't understand it ... 
  here 's the short version : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/atyourservice/en/displayftu.html?ftuid=ftu_2.1.2.html the eu has a set of common goals , but also a set of common values ... in a fuckin ' treaty . 
  the leaders of the states agreed to respect those values by signing this treaty . 
  orb\u00e1n keeps pretending that he does n't know what he signed up for . 
  and people like you , like to pretend aswell . 
  i guess , next time , you people should read the treaty before agreeing to it . 
   you and i were clearly talking about the fir since the begining . 
  yeah , clearly ... that 's why i linked to the wiki page about the disputed territory in the aegean sea , right ? 
  because i was * only * talking about the fir ... right ?!, 
  whatever ...  hence trying to insult them ( with quite `` human '' insults . 
  you know the states are not human right ? ), 
  about this is quite meaningles . 
  you are dense , mate . 
  who do you think decides to ignore the rules of good airmanship ? 
  the air force ? 
  or is it the humans not doing their best to ensure a safe flying environment . 
  you know the people sitting at baseops and not filing flight plans ? 
  the pilots ignoring common courtesy when deciding to plan their flights and ultimately when they decide to climb into their jets . 
  they have so many occasions to behave in a professional way and they ignore all these occasions . 
  i guarantee you , that all those pilots are checking in with the turkish ats services as soon as they leave the athensfir . 
  i guarantee you , that all the people at baseops are filing flight plans , when the f16 start for a round-robin flight above turkish territory . 
  i guarantee you , that everybody involved , coordinates with turkish ats , when they decide to use a restricted airspace for training exercises . 
  they do all that , although they are not obliged by icao , but they do that , because it 's the safe way . 
  but : they all stop doing that , when they decide to cross into the athensfir ... i wonder why ? 
  i do n't even know by now . 
  i somehow thought that guy had a brain . 
  i give up ... it 's a waste of time . 
  my fuckin god , you are really slow ... you are mixing up different things . 
  the fir is not the same as greek air space , i know . 
  the route they took , between lesbos and chios and then towards samos , took them through air space the greek are claiming for themselves . 
  a portion of space surrounding the islands , which are greek soil . 
  the turks are saying that only 6km surrounding those islands are greek air space , the greeks are saying that it 's 10 . 
  so the turks are simply ignoring the greek claim . 
  which is debatable , because the greeks actually have a point . 
  so , for the greeks the turks violated their airspace ... 
  regarding the icao regs : simply because they are making exceptions for military aircraft , does n't mean , that military pilots have the right to ignore them . 
  you know , grownup air forces are using restricted airspaces when they want to play with their toys and if they decide to take their fast moving aircraft for a spin around the block , they tell everybody in advance , so that the safety of innocent people is not endangered . 
  they do n't need to do that , but they decide that it 's the adult thing to do because flying fast is dangerous . 
  your air force decides to not do that and to behave like a 12 year old asshole and the only excuse they have is `` it 's not illegal '' trollface.jpeg, 
   article 3c says : no state aircraft of a contracting state shall fly over the territory of another state or land thereon without authorization by special agreement or otherwise , and in accordance with the terms thereof . 
  ...  no it is quite clear . 
  you just said we are not obliged and the link you send verify this . 
  there is nothing to contest apart from greeks wanting more control in their fir . 
  the greeks are claiming that your aircraft violated their airspace . 
  your government does n't want to accept the greeks ' view about what consists as their airspace . 
  that 's one side of the story . 
  like i said , from a legal point of view the greeks actually have a point . 
  the turks simply keep ignoring it . 
  you then brought up the icao regs . 
  and you are right , that the icao regs are not binding for military aircraft , regarding certain issues . 
  nevertheless , they are requring military pilots to cooperate with civilian aircraft and ats and turks and russians regularly decicde to ignore that aswell . 
  so all in all , you can run around and say `` nah nah , i do n't care , we are n't doing anything illegal '' , but it does n't change the fact , that it is actually up for interpretation and it also does n't change the fact , that it makes you the `` bad guys '' for endangering civilian lives just to fuck around with the greek air force . 
   you should stick to the issue instead of resorting to personal comments . 
  that 's rich , coming from you ... ... and still not interested . 
  please go and annoy somebody else . 
  at least we can agree on the fact , that you 're annoying , * lesigh *, 
   whats your point then ? 
  your pilots violated greek air space according to the greek view . 
  turkish government does n't accept the greek view , so it 's contested . 
  from an international law point of view the whole thing is not really clear . 
  both sides have a point . 
  from a safety point of view your pilots are simply assholes . 
  the fact , that they are not obliged legally to adhere to rules of good airmanship , does n't change the fact , that they 're behaving recklessly and risking civilian lives on a regular basis . 
  sorry dude , not interested anymore . 
  your style is simply off-putting and insulting most of the time . 
  i 'm not interested in debating with you anymore . 
  it 's a waste of time , not interesting , not fun and not informative . 
   `` moi , je suis socialiste '' yeah , he 's as much a `` socialist '' , as lepen is a `` european '' . 
  labels . 
  his policies are far from being socialist . 
   ( and the analogy with russia and shock therapies seems to be sheer lunacy ) such hyperbole and you even manage to give a good argument for your * opinion * ... oh wait , you did n't . 
   so i think we can disregard this part of your comment as nonsense . 
  ...  but i think we can agree there 's simply no substance to your claims . 
  in that case * i * think , that we can disregard your complete comment and agree , that you 'll have to look elsewhere for an echo-chamber . 
  have a nice day , sir . 
   we are not obliged as you can see . 
  we give information about the civil aircraft . 
  they do n't have any right to demand more . 
  of course you are not obliged . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  funny thing is , that in a european context the only airforces who regularly manage to pop up and fuck with aviation safety by not wanting to cooperate with civilian ats are russia and turkey . 
  this kind of stubbornness would be frowned upon in german airspace and it would be viewed as completely unprofessional by any gaf , german army or gny pilot . 
  sorry dude , but not wanting to coordinate in airspace used by civil and military aircraft is simply retarded . 
  especially when sitting in fast movers . 
  no military pilot is obliged to cooperate with civil ats , but ffs , not coordinating is bad airmanship and like i said , the only pilots pulling off this kind of bullshit are russians and turks in europe . 
  yeah , it 's the nr , i guess you have to take that into account , but besides that , it 's actually an almost okay-ish article . 
  i still do n't agree with many of their views , also presented in this article . 
   economically , macron has made a few cursory nods toward retrenchment -- he hopes to cut the bureaucracy and lower corporate taxes , and has pledged to reduce france 's deficit -- but he remains a socialist at heart . 
  under a macron presidency , the welfare state will be expanded rather than limited ; the 35-hour work week will at best be tinkered with ; and , give or a take a few details , the status quo he helped president hollande put in place will be left well alone . 
  only an american conservative would call macron `` socialist '' . 
  and not dismantling the welfare state and abolishing the 35-hour week does n't seem that stupid . 
  administering a shock therapy treatment for the society and economy did n't yield really good results in russia . 
  i am actually surprised that the `` conservatives '' in the us still think that making these kind of profound changes to a society is a good idea . 
  i mean , that 's still pure washington consensus they 're advocating and they want it implemented within one presidential term . 
  that 's crazy for several reasons , but anyways . 
   like much of the rest of the world , europe at present is deep in the throes of an anti-globalist moment . 
  that france seems destined to meet that moment with a devout europhile who was once a rothschild banker is less than ideal .
