   you are scarily naive . 
  those of them who want to `` bomb us to shit '' want to do so , because of our ideological , theological differences . 
  exactly and the few moderate ones who could actually moderate those idiots are not really on our side , are n't they ? 
  we somehow did n't manage to give them a reason to be on our side . 
  we so far really managed to tell them pretty clearly to go fuck themselves . 
  good job . 
  that helped . 
  a lot . 
   do you honestly believe isis commits genocide in iraq and syria because those people live better than them ? 
  haha , the guardian . 
  we have to keep it pg13 i guess . 
  trust me , i 've seen what those people are doing . 
  i am well aware of their motives , their tactics , their strategies and their goals for the near future . 
  that 's why we need to fight them on every front . 
  taking away their support in the home theater should be part of our efforts . 
  alienating the people who are sympathetic to our way of life is not going to help . 
  who 's really naive ? 
   my way ? 
  with my way they would n't even cross their own border . 
  how are you going to do that from hungary ? 
  with your vast financial resources ? 
  with your intimidating armed forces ? 
   my question was how is it in our interest , and you say if we scam them from the money they have , they will go back . 
  i 'm saying , we let them come here and we let them take a look . 
  many of them are ready to leave after a few weeks . 
  but they ca n't , because they destroyed their legal documents and do n't have any money left to go back . 
  germany is already paying for the tickets of the people who did n't get a refugee status , when they 're willing to travel back voluntarily . 
  additionally the german state is paying betwenn 300-500 euros for adults and 120 euros for minors as so called `` starthilfe '' . 
  money to start their lives back where they came from . 
  germany is doing that , because obviously there are enough people who would like to go back ... but ... i repeat myself , ca n't do so , because they spent all their financial resources on a shitty and dangerous journey . 
  so how is it in our interest ? 
  they do n't have to spend all their money in the first place , we do n't have to spend our money to get them back . 
  simple ? 
   you forget the bit that we 're not responsible for them , nor should we be expected to be . 
  you forget the bit , that reality does n't care . 
  they are here and we are forced to take responsibility . 
  or we get fucked in the long run . 
   we can ? 
  sweden certainly could n't finland could n't . 
  you mean those poor nordic countries , which are on the verge of bankruptcy just like greece ? 
   there 's already cuts on healthcare , pensions , welfare , education . . those cuts have nothing to do with refugees . 
  you had them before and you will have them later , when there 's no refugee left . 
  it 's still the age of the washington-consensus . 
  cuts in the fields you mentioned are still en-vogue to remain `` internationally competitive '' ...  but hey , as long bankers get richer , who would n't want them here . 
  it 's not like social cohesion amounts to anything , really . 
  ... yep exactly , you get a shitload of policies implemented , because you elect a political class that is promising you quick solutions and shows you nice magic tricks , while they decide to do all they can in order to dismantle the last few pieces which are holding our societies together . 
  defering your problems onto refugees and immigrants is only helping them to stay in power or to gain new positions . 
  but anyways ... i got a nice warm pizza here ( no pineapples ) that i 'd like to eat and this thred is dead anyways , so i 'll stop here and i 'll simply go and do something fun . 
  i love living in the first world . 
  how is that supposed to happen ? 
  in this reality , not in some kind of alternate universe . 
  europe is big . 
  its borders are long . 
  there will always be a place to slip through . 
  it 's this typical bullshit hungary approach , thinking that building the wall actually did something . 
  it managed to defer the refugee flows back to italy and spain . 
  good job !, 
  letting them travel here by plane would solve all this shit . 
  they would have to use official entry points . 
  we would n't have to pay a shitload of money to watch our borders 24/7 with the intensity which would be necessary , if we decided to really close the borders . 
  and to reiterate one really nice point here again . 
  the one state who opposed a stronger eu-wide border force ( known as frontex ) was hungary . 
  your nice mp is just saving your and his own ass . 
  he 's doing jack shit for europe . 
  and now he 's wondering that people are thinking about a two-speed-eu . 
  living in alternate universes must be nice . 
  sadly reality will kick in sooner or later . 
  i 'm paying taxes and i 'm earning enough money . 
  but thanks for your retarded input . 
  i assume that you think , that paying your taxes equates to `` helping '' the refugees and the world . 
  you could get a job as a clown around here , you know that , right ? 
  it probably would even pay more , than whatever you pretend you 're doing right now for `` earning '' money . 
  two things : we still can afford to hold that imaginary bill . 
  and our own society is not going to be stripped away from refugees . 
  you should have a little more faith in the resiliency of your fuckin culture . 
  to be more precise : we are footing the bill already . 
  we need to find a way to do it more cheaply . 
  by putting them in camps , building walls and making their lives shitty as fuck , we 're not going to pay less . 
  we are in fact paying more . 
   if it 's simple , you can probably explain it in a way even i could understand . 
  easy , let 's imagine the following scenario . 
  we let them come here by plane . 
  i mean , most of them pay thousands of dollars to embark on a journey that takes months and is dangerous . 
  at the end they get smuggled in through obscure routes and we do n't have a clue where they are , or from where they came from . 
  we need to spend time and money to find out , all while they 're sitting around and waiting for us to do all the work . 
  now , we let them fly in . 
  they need to take the official route . 
  they spend a fraction of their money . 
  we get them to enter the country at the airport at the immigration counter . 
  we register them . 
  we know where they came from . 
  we ask them to tell us where they gon na live . 
  they get a visa for two months if they can afford to stay for that time without costing us a thing ( remember , they pay thousands for a smuggler , while they would pay 300 euros for a flight ) . 
  so they get here , like humans , spend 2 months and pay for their shit . 
  they see that live here is pretty shitty , too and that there are no real jobs for them here . 
  they see , that they can not have a future without learning the language . 
  they see that there is no future for their children here . 
  they still have money left and a possibility to get back , because they did n't spend their last penny on a shitty smuggler thereby risking all they have . 
  they have an alternative and are not stuck in a one-way street to nowhere . 
  now imagine that : you have a lot of people who come here , take a look and see that it 's all shit .
