  what was the pressing matter ? 
  answer me that and i can tell you what kind of legislation would be a better alternative . 
  i am calm and i clearly didn \u00b4 t insult you , what are you talking about ? 
  i pointed out , that most of your points are simple fillers and that your attempt at `` discussion '' is based on irrelevant things like `` i am polish '' and `` i watched the circus for 8 years '' . 
  you haven \u00b4 t contributed a single point to the issue itself for example to , how a university is supposed to comply with laws , which are formulated in a way , that nobody can comply with them ? 
  you instead opted to assume what protesters think by watching them for 8 years and now you try to pass this thing here as discussion . 
  it \u00b4 s not about my opinion vs your opinion . 
  i stated the fact , that the law can not be followed by the universitiy . 
  because the * reality * of its formulation is hindering the university to do so . 
  it \u00b4 s not an * opinion * . 
  and you ask me something about `` independent states '' and how they are not supposed to be colonies of the us . 
  i told you that we live in the * reality * of international interdependencies and that we have international laws and customs which have to be taken into account , when passing legislation concerning international organizations , etc. 
  it \u00b4 s not an * opinion * . 
  it ` s the reality . 
  you simply don \u00b4 t have a compelling argument which would make the case for passing selective bills into laws , while ignoring the rule of law . 
  all you have is your diffuse disdain for protesters based on `` 8 years of watching a circus '' . 
  you then took your skewed perception and transferred it onto the hungarian protesters . 
  all the while not being able to provide one single real * argument * that would validate your perception of those protesters . 
  you could show me interviews with them , telling that they are only there , `` because the media told them so '' . 
  but you didn \u00b4 t do that . 
  so it \u00b4 s not my opinion vs your opinion . 
  i provided simple arguments based on the reality of our world . 
  you provided your personal perception of protesters , legislation , democracy , etc. ... 
   do you truly imagine that people would be protesting if it was n't about a soros-funded univeristy ? 
  yes i do . 
   listen : i am from poland . 
  yes , i see your flair . 
  also : is this fact supposed to boost your credibility , or why do you feel compelled to point it out ? 
   i see how protests like this work ( been watching my home political circus closely for over 8 years now ) and that then makes you an expert ?!, 
  because of the fact , that you have been * watching * some * circus * for 8 years now , i am supposed to feel compelled to consider your * opinion * as the truth describing a complex reality ? 
   90 % of the people there do n't protest because they arrived at the conclusion that they should , they protest because the media that they consider an authority told them they should protest . 
  i guess you asked them . 
  if you didn \u00b4 t ask them , am i supposed to believe your * opinion * , which is obviously not based on provable facts ? 
   it works like this on both sides of the political spectrum , both left and right . 
  do you feel compelled to point this out , because you * think * that you have to prove your impartiality , or why are you telling me irrelevant things ? 
   difference is that orban 's government is by no means unaccountable . 
  the hungarians are free to vote him out of office in the next elections . 
  holding a government accountable for its policies is your and my civic duty . 
  doing it only every 5 or 4 years is simply dumb . 
  what kind of democracy do you live in ? 
  how does it work ? 
  `` oh look , i really don \u00b4 t like this particular policy , because i feel that it infringes upon my rights ... i \u00b4 ll wait till the next election to show my government what i think about it !, 
  that \u00b4 ll show them , but untill then there is no possibility for me to hold my government accountable , sadly '' . 
  must be a very strange world . 
  pis must like you a lot ...  the question is - why should any independent government be aware and tailor their laws and bills to fit the law of another country ? 
  is hungary a colony of the usa ? 
  because it concerns an international institution . 
  in this case there are international laws and customs which have to be taken into account . 
  how do you think this shit actually works ? 
  do you have any kind of actual knowledge ? 
  what the fuck are you even asking ? 
  if you pass a bill , which makes it impossible for the entity affected to comply , because you are ignoring the reality , is then the affected entity free to ignore this bill ? 
  how do you think legislation actually works ? 
  such gud argument , much wow , very edgy . 
   yeah , but that point is false . 
  if you honestly believe in that , you 've been conned . 
  it does apply to every entity - every non-eu university with no activity in country of origin . 
  sure . 
  but somehow only one specific entity is actually affected by that new lagislation . 
  which by the way makes it impossible for that specific entity to comply with said new legislation , because it demands the involvement of the us government , which according to the us constitution is not even possible in this very specific case . 
  so to sum it up : there are a lot of things which somehow affect only one specific entity in a very specific way , which makes it in another very specific way impossible to comply with the new law . 
  so many coincidences , right ? 
   most countries already have these laws exactly * these * kind of laws ? 
  yes ? 
  can you link them here ? 
  you \u00b4 ve been asked a few times to link them , but so far you failed to do so . 
  you simply state the same mantra that * most * countries have these kind of laws . 
   so fake foreign universities like the ceu ca n't even establish themselves there . 
  but the laws are exactly the same . 
  ceu , a fake university ... sure buddy , just like fake news , etc. ... everything is fake , when you don \u00b4 t like it ...  but the laws are exactly the same . 
  exactly the same ? 
  i still doubt that . 
   it 's incredibly dishonest to claim a law targets you specifically only because you 're the only one breaking the law . 
  which law did the ceu brake ? 
  it only can \u00b4 t comply with the new law . 
  due to the way the new law is formulated . 
  braking a law , requires intent , not being able to comply with a law , because it \u00b4 s badly written , is not breaking the law . 
   how exactly would you write this law to be generic ? 
  go ahead and explain that . 
  you wo n't because the law is already generic . 
  it depends on the issue this law is supposed to solve . 
  and the question is , what is the issue actually ? 
  answer me that , then i can tell you how laws can adress said issues . 
  the only thing so far you managed to tell me , is that the ceu is a fake university . 
  which is intriguing , considering it has a good reputation , a good and extensive curriculum , many programmes helping young academics to reach higher positions and to conduct scientific research ... etc. ... must be all fake . 
   it 's funny how people see soros as a kind of a philanthropic good guy . 
  it is funny how people like you have to make this shit about soros every time . 
  people don \u00b4 t seem to protest for soros . 
  i can \u00b4 t see any protest signs saying `` leave soros alone '' , `` we love soros , he is our god '' . 
  they are protesting in order to keep a university open and against the meddling of the government in this specific issue . 
   orban is doing just that . 
  nah , what orb\u00e1n is doing , is singling out one specific institution . 
  people get this interesting feeling , they had decades ago , when an unaccountable government had a penchant for singling out individuals , individual organizations and individual companies for either promoting them or pressuring them to fall into line again . 
  a few are opposing this practice . 
   then he is free to do so - but under the new law . 
  yeah , the new law , which is ignoring the highest principle of the rule of law , namely impartiality . 
  but besides that , the new law also doesn \u00b4 t allow the ceu to comply with it , because : i \u00b4 ll cite the chancellor of the university himself `` ignatieff said the legislation `` makes the absurd request , the constitutionally absurd request , that any future operation of ceu should proceed on the basis of an agreement with the federal government , the government of the united states . 
  i do n't know why the hungarian government seems unaware of the constitution of the united states , but the constitution of the united states makes it clear that only state authorities have jurisdiction in this matter . 
  we have had an agreement with the state of new york signed by republican governor george pataki in 2004 , which has been the basis upon which we 've had a very productive and law-abiding relationship ever since . '', 
  so the university has no chance to comply with the new law .
