  no easy solution ? 
  hmmmm ... ... 
  there you go . 
  make arguments and i 'll answer with arguments . 
  make retarded comments ... get retarded comments . 
  nah , i actually wanted to do it for you ... to underscore all the crying from you . 
  i 'm quite ok and pretty amused to read your comments , suggesting that i need to come up with `` intelligent arguments '' to your  shhhhhh now !, 
  do n't disturb the circlejerk !, 
  comment . 
  lmao , did n't realize that a `` circlejerk '' comment counts as an argument where you come from . 
  you have pretty low standars . 
  sorry matey ... i 'm not willing to counter :  shhhhhh now !, 
  do n't disturb the circlejerk !, 
  with `` intelligent arguments '' . 
  you 're actually quite the hypocrite , you realize that ?!, 
  inb4 ad hominem - . - please do n't annoy me with internet argument 101 . 
  ... wait , i need to get my violine , i 'll play a song for you , ok ? 
  must be winter ... so many snowflakes ... 
  oh , you 're right . 
  sorry , i was wrong . 
  cheers . 
  25 comments in total , this is hardly a circlejerk , so calm your tits . 
  compared to the usual immigration threads this thread is seriously small . 
  you 'll have your chance tomorrow , or the day after tomorrow , or pretty much every day of the week to jerk your dick in a circle with the usual members of that elite circle . 
  do n't panic !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4 you see ... hans rosling , objectively smart man . 
  the idea is not `` extremely stupid '' . 
  it 's about trafficking and efforts to somehow solve the issue . 
  you could compare it to legalizing weed . 
  the issue with the `` paperless '' people is an issue anyway . 
  we already have them here , without implementing rosling 's approach . 
  therefore , i do n't see how your argument is valid . 
  paperless people are always a problem , they 're called illegal immigrants and that problem is not adressed by this proposal . 
  the proposal is aimed at solving human trafficking issues . 
  ha , you 've seen hans rosling 's video , too ?!, 
  i found this proposal quite interesting , when he talked about it . 
  it seems a logical and feasible way to address the trafficking issue , not only from africa . 
  but i do n't expect this thread to go in any constructive direction , tbh . 
  but yeah , i still like the approach you mentioned here . 
   of course thats not what im saying . 
  so why did you remove your comment , then ? 
   nazism is a part of your history . 
  history is a part of your identity , there is no denying that . 
  what kind of causal chain is that supposed to be ? 
  once a nazi always a nazi ? 
  history has formed our identity , it is not part of our identity . 
  our history is the reason why we do n't want to be nazis again . 
  our history is the reason why we do everything we can in order to keep out any kind of nationalistic ideology from our * identity * . 
  you 're wrong on so many levels , your simplistic view is shocking and i simply am baffled at the amount of mental gymnastics you manage to pull off in order to paint us germans as nazis ... in 2017 !, 
   i thought it was obvious . 
  it was n't , you did n't write it and i still ca n't read thoughts . 
   also would they be a russian satellite state without wwii ? 
  so , therefore , the germans are the only ones to be blamed here and the russians were simply a victim of hitler , too ?!, 
  they obviously were forced by hitler to make poland a satellite state . 
  that 's a very simplistic view to be honest . 
  but ok . 
  i 'll leave you to it . 
  sorry , but that 's simply stupid . 
  it 's part of our history . 
  implying that parts of german * identity * are still defined by nazi ideology is actually infuriating . 
  you literally say , that we germans are going to be nazis for ever , at least partially . 
  why the hell ?!, 
  i actually feel offended , you actually are calling me a nazi , you 're saying , that being a nazi is part of my identity . 
  for real ? 
  being a russian satellite state had no impact on them ? 
  ok then . 
  i get that , it was my first guess , too . 
  i thought , this is obviously aimed at some kind of `` home audience '' , but then , why make it german ( actually bad german , there are enough polish migrants in germany , i actually would have thought , that they could manage to get somebody with better german skills ... anyways ) ? 
  it kinda irks me , because , `` they '' obviously wanted `` us '' to get the message , too . 
  in the realm of international politics , this , to me , indicates , that pis is actually really wanting to have that confrontation with us . 
  i still do n't understand why ... wait , i do n't understand , why they 're doing it this way . 
  i mean , they could use ns2 and their view on it . 
  it would get them quite a few sympathies . 
  they could try to make a point for themselves by using actual arguments . 
  instead now there 's this retarded video . 
  it does n't make germans more sympathetic for their cause , that 's for sure . 
  he just said , that it 's part of our timeless identity . 
  and of course it 's a fact , that the nsdap got voted into power through democratic elections . 
  nobody is doubting that , so what 's your point actually ? 
  it influenced germany . 
  the video is aimed at germany . 
  that 's the point i make . 
  our identity was changed through so many events , that it seems ridiculous , that we actually get accused of voting for hitler . 
  it 's like all the shit that happened inbetween did n't happen . 
  we still are nazi germany to poland . 
  but that 's illogical on several levels . 
  first : * we * did n't elect hitler . 
  there are n't many left , who actually still live today and were old enough back then to vote for hitler . 
  second : having made that mistake in our history gives us a good view on such things and would make us a good adviser on this particular issue , right ? 
  and as friends , we should be able to criticize each other in a constructive way ... right ? 
  yeah , i know , that 's the joke , but anyways ... we had a cold war inbetween a warsaw pact , iron curtain a few different democratic governments , terrorism from the far-left , so much shit actually ... . . and we still get accused of voting for hitler . 
  * we * germans ... that 's hillarious . 
   the idea that nations have their timeless identity blows your mind ? 
  yeah , it blows my mind , that for you we obviously still are nazis . 
  wtf . 
  timeless identity my ass , that actually would mean , that being nazi is part of our identity for ever . 
  how does that compute ? 
  it was in the last century . 
  ffs . 
  those elections happened so long ago , that implying that * we * germans voted for hitler is seriously retarded .
