   moral relativism is the core of my disagreement with the left ( and you ) . 
  you should at least understand what it means . 
  sure , sure ... `` moral relativism '' . 
  nice words . 
  you can words . 
   unlike you i clearly do n't read enough buzzfeed . 
  i was under the impression they made stupid vapid lists and even dumber political videos . 
  irrelevant . 
   western culture ( humanism , liberal-democracy etc. ), 
  is superior to all others . 
  and we are especially superior to muslim culture as seen in the arab and shia world + pakistan and afghanistan . 
  there is no such thing as ` eu culture ' that is a political entity . 
  it 's like saying ` nato culture ' , does n't exist . 
  like i said : it 's all about your personal perception of the concept of culture . 
  i do n't care very much for your perception , because it 's skewed . 
  trying to have political debates which eventually are supposed to boil down to our culture is the superior one , is simply dumb . 
  even your outdated concept of culture is ridiculous . 
  you 're somehow insinuating that culture is some kind of well defineable concept and is therefore a feasible base for political discussion . 
  you seem to be some kind of `` clash of civilisations '' fangirl . 
  i would n't be surprised if you actually believed that ethnicity is primordial , or biological . 
  you seem to have a penchant for outdated worldviews . 
   not sure how are they relevant , since they are not being targeted because of their race , but because of their actions . 
  yeah , `` not sure '' ... it simply shows how much of a bigot you are . 
  they are targeted , because of their actions ... sure ...  ideally , there should n't be . 
  this shit again . 
  the world is not ideal . 
  ignoring the facts of the real world , wo n't make your point any more convincing . 
   the impacts are historically documented , are they not ? 
  they are contested , is what you actually wanted to say . 
  therefore they are up for debate . 
  debate is influenced by political background . 
   i do n't see the need of personal opinion being involved in this . 
  yeah , i know that * you * do n't see it . 
  you made it pretty clear during this retarded `` debate '' we had here . 
  all you managed to tell me for 2 days now is , that * you * do n't see the need for it . 
  good talk . 
   obviously , everyone wants their own opinion to come to effect , because they care about it . 
  even you have one . 
  not sure how this would be a problem though . 
  let me emphasize this for clarity : `` not sure how this would be a problem though '' . 
  so you are not sure how having a political agenda can be a problem though , but lecturers at a university should n't have one . 
  that 's bigotry . 
  everybody has a political agenda , but yeah wait , the lecturers should n't have one ... but you know , everyone has a political agenda ... but wait , there are these * very special * people at universities ... they should n't have one ... but you have to realise the simple truth , that practically everyone has an agenda ... except the lecturers , because they should n't ... in my * opinion * . 
  this sums up your argument of the last 2 days . 
   i do n't say individuals or groups or institutions should not form their political opinion . 
   all i 'm saying is , lectures themselves should be free of the personal political opinion yeah yeah ... moving goal posts again . 
  i could , again , provide real life examples why your point is completely unrealistic and , why there is nothing wrong with blablablablabla ... ... yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawn ... ... ... ... . idgaf anymore . 
  you 're moving goal posts all over the place , arguing with you is extremely boring and quite tedious by now . 
  this retarded circlejerk ends here with me . 
   who ca n't even admit that not all terror ( read : violence ) is equal . 
  why the hell would i need to admit such nonsense ? 
  the whole point is moot . 
  there is no merit in debating the quality of terror . 
  people die , the way they die is simply irrelevant . 
  `` western '' terror had a ton of impact on societies . 
  we had number1 songs in the charts , the cranberries sang about the ira , shakira is still very vocal about farc . 
  hollywood made quite a few films about the ira . 
  the effects of terrorism are profound . 
  implying that the ira was more humane than isis is simply dumb . 
  generations have been impacted by their humane terrorism . 
  a normal political discussion about irish independence is still a fuckin mine-field . 
  thanks to humane terrorism . 
  you are not arguing because you believe that there is a difference in terrorism . 
  you are arguing because you want to believe that muslims are way worse and barbaric killers . 
  which is not true . 
   your entire worldview is based on this intellectually bankrupt worldview of false equivelancy . 
  i do n't even know what you want to say . 
  but sure , keep telling yourself your little lies . 
   the reason you do is because ultimately our differences can be boiled down to a pretty basic difference in a single aspect of our worldview . 
  yep sure , in your `` simple '' world that would be true . 
  in my world there are more than some `` basic facts '' which make the difference between us . 
   i had tears in my eyes for only the second time in 15 years . 
  mixing political convictions with feelings ... and you still try to tell me something about `` plain truths '' and `` facts '' ...  what i 'm trying to tell you is that i can perfectly empathize with you and know what moves and shakes you . 
   yet you know nothing of me because you fear empathizing with this side of the debate . 
  i certainly do n't fear empathizing . 
  i simply do n't see the merit in wasting my time with bullshit . 
  i am very well aware of `` your '' side of the debate . 
  i have seen `` your '' `` facts '' . 
  i took the time to sift through them . 
  there are aspects which are true , regarding the single issue of immigration . 
  but the cultural bullshit you are propagating is simply dumb . 
  i do n't need to empathize with your superior worldview . 
   intellectually bankrupt worldview of false equivelancy . 
   moral relativism . 
  it 's like reading a retarded buzzfeed article . 
  throwing around with fancy terms we do n't really understand , are n't we ?!, 
  what 's next ? 
  slippery slope , logical falacy , the usual bias circlejerking ? 
   or that muslim support death-to apostates and gays is simply a normative difference of opinion . 
  who the fuck would actually claim such bullshit ? 
  in which black and white world is such a retarded argument event sufficient for making a point about a complex issue ? 
   or that we ca n't claim our values and culture is superior to theirs in every way . 
  more retarded bullshit . 
  in which way ? 
  what 's the base ? 
  compared to what ? 
  how can you even quantify `` culture '' ? 
  besides , you mean * your * values . 
  i bet you ca n't even name the values upon which the eu was founded . 
  but you do n't need to , because the eu values are not * your european * values , right ?
