  i guess no , but it is n't the point anyway . 
  it 's a symbolic gesture at best , but let 's be real : in the world of international relations many options boil down to pure symbolic gestures . 
  it 's also about providing a coherent image ( i guess you know that , too ) . 
  if the eu decides ( or at least a combination of nordic states , which are pretty involved + germany ) to invest more money in multilateral treaties , ngos , etc. 
  regarding the issues the lgbt community are facing , they need to provide a background for it in order to be able to look credible . 
  therefore i see this `` gesture '' as a piece of a bigger picture . 
  germany has to keep up a minimum amount of credibility , for now and for the future . 
  this little `` gesture '' from merkel wo n't change anything effectively , but it is a little piece of information , which , combined with old and future policies/treaties/cooperations with ngos , is going to be part of a broader political agenda . 
  so to sum it up : merkel wo n't change anything in the short run ( i.e. 
  within the next 2-5 years ) . 
  but german diplomacy has been very good at playing the waiting game and influencing foreign countries , when there 's a good opportunity for it . 
  even chechnya is going to want to trade with germany at some point and then the german government will be asking for favors in return . 
  till then this geture will simply show people and organizations working on the issue , that the german government has an interest in adressing this issue . 
  therefore this `` gesture '' is also a `` call for applications '' from those interested in the issue . 
  ngos will surely contact the foreign ministry and ask for assistance , because now they know , that the german government is interested . 
  i really hate election season ... 
  the last 6 months were all about , referendums , elections and a shitload of bullshit getting shoved down the throats of people all around europe . 
  by now , i ca n't read a single headline without having the feeling , that somebody , again , just wants to fuck a lot of people over , by pretending to be something he/she is n't . 
  i hate election season ... 
  i would be really satisified , if the parties simply would put up their party programes and say : `` this is what we stand for , you will elect us in order to reach the following goals . 
  we wil try to achieve these goals '' . 
  insteads it 's deceit , lies , bullshit and at the end you get persons elected into positions , where they * clearly * should n't be and you ask yourself , `` how did this shit actually happen again ? 
  did i miss something ? '', 
  is this another one of those threads that will descend into the usual , `` they 're not nazis , only nationalist patriots '' circlejerk ? 
  i 'm so excited ... 
   no , but you really need to give your extra chromosome to people who really needs it . 
  no you got from mediocre to actually bad . 
  that sentence actually did n't make any sense :-) you seem to crack under pressure ... still no surprise , pls no cry fam . 
   i 'm not sure that people think i am a nazi , cuz i am not . 
  i hope you consider my advice regarding the mental gymnastics worldcup ... 
   i 'm not using the same language as the lumpenproletariat you 're part of . 
  oh boy ... and you still think , that people do n't get that you 're a nazi . 
  you 're really bad at this ... but hey , no surprise here , right ?!, 
  and that 's correlation for ya ' mah friend !, 
  nazis ... often dumb ... ( i kept it short for you ), 
   go away and perish . 
   write it once again , now after calming , because i really want to make a civilized discusions . 
  yeah , i seriously doubt that and i actually doubt your mental capability to do that anyway . 
  you see , that 's why i like communists , they at least just simply admit it . 
  you call them a communist and they say : yeah , so what . 
  with nazis it always becomes a retarded semantics debate : do n't call me a nazi , i 'm a patriot !, 
  do n't call me a fascist , i am a nationalist !, 
  just fuckin admit what you are and stop pussyfooting around retarded definitions . 
  nobody is buying this shit . 
   you must have a real troubles in reading , or you 're juts doing that deliberately . 
  oh mah sides ... yes i am the puppet ...  i 've said those marches are just a `` coincidence '' coincidental marches ... got it ... trying to imagine it : free pole running around ... sudddenly !, 
  hey look a march with some people using strange nationalistic , borderline fascist symbols ... what a coincidence !, 
  i 'll march along , i really do n't agree with these guys , but i ca n't do anything against the fact , that they coincidentally managed to be here , too ... so i 'll march along with them . 
  gymnastics ... mental ... you should sign up for the worldcup !, 
  you have potential ... . 
  yeah , it 's a joke . 
  half of the thread is retarded semantics ... do n't call me a fascist ... we are nationalists ... look at this definition i really like most ... 
  it 's the newest fad : `` do n't use this word , when you 're talking about me !, 
  it makes me feel uncomfortable ! '', 
   but correlation does not imply casuation . 
  ahahahaaaa ... hey hey ... it was a statistical coincidence , that a certain group of people was on a certain day in a certain location . 
  i mean , look at it guys !, 
  it 's pure statistics : those people could have been statistically everywhere else , too . 
  all those different groups just somehow managed to be at the same place at the same time , it 's statistically plausible . 
  there is absoulutely no linkage between them ... 
  mental gymnastics ... you 're a pro at it mate , a fuckin pro !, 
  such denial , lmao . 
  the freedom of religion is a fundamental right , ffs . 
  it 's the consequence of centuries of fighting between religious groups and the oppression of religious groups through others . 
  literally millions of people died before edgelords like you , due to their beliefs . 
  i am so fuckin annoyed by people equating religion to the dark ages . 
  the differences between catholics and protestants have devastated europe for decades until we managed to compromise and to find a ballance , leading to the principle of freedom of religion being codified into many constitutions . 
  just because you do n't believe in anything , it does n't mean , that there are n't many people in europe , not just in the muslim world , who are religious and actually are glad , that freedom of religion is a fundemantal right . 
  those people are even more glad , when they know , that the state ca n't discriminate due to religious beliefs and also ca n't mingle into church and religious affairs . 
  you know , it is n't that far back in history , when communist regimes tried to ban all religions in their respective states . 
  we do n't have freedom of religion , because of the muslims . 
  freedom of religion exists because of our european legacy and it is a fundamental european principle . 
  it 's yet another basic european principle that suddenly gets questioned , because we suddenly ca n't stand muslims and need to fuckin go mental about a fuckin piece of cloth !, 
  this shit is retarded . 
  centuries worth of societal progress reached through decades of fighting gets discarded in a few years , because of migrants , panic , uninformed people and a retarded media . 
  those muslim migrants are not going to dissolve europe , we will do it all by ourselves . 
   until then we 'll continue to have the same arguments and the same wars . 
  meh , the majority of wars , especially today 's conflicts are fought over ressources and money . 
  religious wars are a thing of the past . 
  this whole isis thing and our perceived importance of the `` muslim '' factor is completely blown out of proportion . 
  just looking around the edges of the eu i can find several conflicts which are about money , power and ressources . 
  they are the reason for our migration problem right now . 
  but of course ... we can waste our time and argue whether it 's a good idea to ban the burqa or not . 
  that 's gon na make so many things better / s, 
  yeah well , deal with it i guess . 
  was that too arrogant ? 
  well then , try to find the needed majority to be able to change the basic law ( constitution ) of germany and you can get your wish granted . 
  i 'm not gon na hold my breath ... 
  i 'll cite the report of the bundestag on this matter ... i mean your `` choice '' argument . 
  it 's in german , so i 'll translate the important part : https://www.bundestag.de/blob/419496/00f00954574cba407959a8aae2a82caf/wd-3-302-14-pdf-data.pdf 3.1.2.2 . 
  in order to answer the question whether a burqa is covered by article 4 of the basic law , it is necessary to examine the importance of a burka for the islamic faith or for the respective islamic community and for which motives a burka is worn . 
  a burka is a whole body veil , which as the only viewing window leaves a fabric latticed field in front of the eyes . 
  it is worn by muslim women mainly in afghanistan , egypt , pakistan , saudi arabia and iraq . 
  the concealment of the body has its origins in pre-islamic times . 
  nevertheless , the concealment of muslim women in the case of some muslim believers , can be derived directly from the koran . 
  the religious obligation to conceal is assessed differently in the individual islamic law schools and islamic organizations . 
  it is widely believed that a muslim believer must comply with the clothing regulations that can be derived from the koran . 
  there are very different types of obscuration in the islamic world . 
  mostly , a headscarf is worn , which covers the hair completely or partially . 
  how far the obscuration reaches is strongly dependent on the regional traditions and the piety of women .
