  but nevertheless , if you take into account the circumstances , in my opinion merkel is going to have to fight all 3 guys and not only schulz . 
  i repeat myself , but i gon na say it once more : the spd has its top guys in those positions now , which can influence the public discourse externally and internally in very meaningful ways . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  what i wanted to convey as a massage is that merkel and steinmeier did n't have a very friendly `` work-relationship '' . 
  i am pretty sure , that you know , that merkel opposed steinmeier 's nomination for quite some time . 
  he by now knows how to oppose her . 
  so , i do n't think that he is going to actively pick a fight with her , but i also think that he is not intending to make her life easier . 
  i am sure that he wo n't mingle too much in everyday political skirmishes . 
  but brexit was one of the really improtant issues during his time as foreign minister ( the other one was obviously osce/minsk/ukraine ) and he is pretty up to date on this one . 
  he is taking his trustees from the foreign ministry with him and the foreign ministry traditionally has a detachment at the bundespr\u00e4sident . 
  therefore i am pretty sure that he is not going to leave the brexit issue uncommented . 
  and when he 's going to comment on that one , i do n't think , that he is going to be helping merkel a lot . 
  but anyways , let 's wait and see . 
  i personally think that the spd leadership is quite aware of the fact that they have now a few important government positions in their hands . 
  i think , that they will use them accordingly . 
   but as the nazis began to lose control in 1944 , it was shut . 
  bwahaha , great summary , lmao . 
  i was pretty sure that you made those up and that the first one is actually from lotr ... then i googled some of them ... til, 
  3 year club and you still do n't get sarcasm ? 
  i 'm just kidding dude , i guess you were tired . 
  also why the hell did you get downvoted ? 
  i 'll upvote you back to 1 again :-) besides , this thread is informative and freakin funny . 
  the video was kinda strange on the other hand . 
  i am pretty sure that the guy was not sarcastic ... oo, 
   additionally , it is pretty damn sure that it will be merkel calling the shots in this regard and not the foreign minister . 
  i would have agreed with you a few months ago , but i 'd like to add , that the spd is getting into full elections-mode now . 
  so you have the triad of schulz/gabriel/steinmeier in pretty important institutions which can influence the public debate at home as well as on the international level . 
  also the ministry of economics is still in spd hand . 
  the cdu side is left with sch\u00e4uble and merkel considering the important institution which will have a say in the negotiations . 
  additionaly gabriel and steinmeier worked long enough with merkel to know how to fight her internally . 
  so , all in all , i think that the spd will use the new setup to improve or `` refine '' their image for the elections and therefore they wo n't make it easy for merkel to dominate the debate . 
  i admit this is a good point actually . 
  it 's a good comparison , well , at least partially . 
  i , untill now , did n't think that people are actually believing that free speech gets stifled here in europe . 
  or on r/europe . 
  whereas i think that feminists have a point , but that would be quite off topic here . 
  nevertheless i am going to accept from now on that obviously there are users on reddit who actually really believe that free speech is such a rare good around here , that it needs to be defended with a religious fervor . 
  although we might have different definitions for free speech , which maybe is causing this rift between me and `` them '' . 
  therefore , thanks for your input , i 'm gon na treat the free speech guys just like i treat the feminists . 
  i will concede that they have a point , but that they occasionaly really sound like a bunch of whiney women . 
  you must have some real gud insights ... 
   yes , it 's a different outlet but different in that it 's usually biased towards islam ( or even islamism ) and arab culture . 
  i do n't really think so . 
  in my perception al jazeera is a big news outlet and has due to its nature a rather arab view of things . 
  i would n't call it biased to be honest , just not european . 
  so yeah . 
  i concede , that it 's a different view . 
  but the issue is the same old one that has been beaten to death by now and it gets old . 
  there is nothing new to it . 
  i would actually appreciate it , if the swedes would post news about how their politicians ( mayors , governors , government ) are dealing with the problem . 
  what their policies look like . 
  is there any kind of progress ? 
  all i see on r/europe is the same sweden is fucked , mass rapes , we all gon na die shit . 
  top kek , i see what you did there . 
  keep on fighting for free speech on reddit . 
  we need people like you here , please do n't pack your things and go to china/iran/russia , etc. . . where people would actually need free speech fighters like you ... we do n't want you to get hurt . 
  keep on discussing my friend . 
   enriched my afternoon bwahahaha ... we can check one item now i guess . 
  good job . 
  the what now ? 
  so , it 's same shit different news outlet ? 
  wow , i am so glad , that i 'm not from sweden today . 
  first the feminist thread that had to be closed now this one ... we should call monday the let 's bash sweden day . 
  this is going to be , again , such a nice `` discussion '' with so many new aspects we 've never seen before here on r/europe . 
  before anybody wants do `` discuss '' with me : i know , i know ... we are fucked , europe is dead , muslims will be dominating everything there is nothing we can do anymore as long those `` leftist liberal elites '' are `` oppressing '' our `` freedom of speech '' and do n't open their eyes !, 
  also ; culture bad , islam barbaric , every muslim the same ... ehm ... multikulti ... cultural enrichment , did i miss something ? 
  rape , security , nation , protecting yourself , eu is dead , economic migrants or something ... yeah , that should be it . 
  hungarian nick and a turkish flag ? 
  huh what ? 
  also , i agree with the other dude answering you : is everything ok , or did `` they '' come for ya ? 
  it is happening you blind fool !, 
  open your eyes sheeples !, 
  clench your fuckin buttocks already . 
  sorry , i found this conversation very funny . 
  i actually do n't know why you were downvoted . 
  i 'll go now . 
  have a nice day . 
  dude , that alek26 guy a few lines up is doing a seriously better job than you . 
  you really need to bring your a game soon , stop slacking m8 !, 
   got it . 
  i tip my fedora to you . 
  stay curious my little friend . 
   humour me : oh the smugness , wait i need to get my fedora , too , then ... 
  so it begins : the circlejerk . 
  no i do n't think that covering up statues was a good idea . 
  i found it very over the top . 
  the government decided that it was a good idea . 
  besides , your comparison is pure bullshit . 
  the iranians did n't ask the italian government to do that . 
  i am actually pretty sure that they were as irritated by that , as the rest of the world . 
  : sweden . 
  i find it very hillarious that the country which has a , frankly , stellar record of promoting human rights and equal rights for everybody is now getting attacked by some dipshits , all because sweden , as always , decided to have a more constructive and respectful approach to diplomacy . 
  i mean you could do it just like the us for example and shove your sweaty and hairy balls into everybody 's face while yelling `` respect me ! '' . 
  it worked hillariously well the last couple of weeks . 
  oooooooor , you could do it like germany or sweden . 
  being firm where it counts and trying to find a middle ground the rest of the time . 
  you know , it really helps a lot , when other states decide that they actually like talking with your government . 
  yep , just give up . 
  these threads come and go . 
  it 's gon na be on top for the rest of the day , we will circlejerk the topic of islam/culture/feminism to death once again .
