  i am certainly not fine with it . 
  and i 'm not giving up free speech . 
  but i also do n't consider `` fucking niggers , burn them all in auschwitz '' free speech . 
  if you consider that shit free speech , then what can i say ? 
   someday someone that you do n't agree with will be in charge and they might be able to use that against whoever they deem necessary under the pretext of hate speech or whatever they will choose to call it . 
  or someday nobody will use it and all is going to be fine . 
  i am willing to build on the assumption that the german democratic system is strong enough to keep on doing what it has done for a few decades now . 
  building on fear is not our strong suit . 
  finding common goals and trying to learn from our history in order to live peacefuly together , that actually worked out so far . 
  if it turns out , that someday someone will abuse laws against hate speech , i will be `` open to changing my views '', 
  i 'm the government , wtf are you talking about ? 
   and what if you could actually change my or someone else mind you 're kidding , right ? 
  you actually want to imply , that there is a way on this earth to change your mind ? 
  do you think i 'm that gullible to actually believe you ? 
  i try to debate with people , where i find it worthy of my time . 
  i have simply no obligation to respond to bullshit . 
  and your bullshit is a prime example . 
  all you want is a classic circlejerk . 
  do n't try to pretend anything else . 
  i 've spent at least as much time on / pol / as you my friend . 
  i 'm not falling for your kind of `` debate '' , fam . 
  oh sorry , did i hurt your feelings ? 
  of course i do n't know what your western hemisphere is . 
  you stated that most states in that `` hemisphere '' have presidential systems . 
  europe predominantly has parliamentary systems , therefore i was a little confused about , what your `` western hemisphere '' is actually about , because you left europe out of it . 
  to sum it up , your definition did n't match my definition . 
  i asked you about your definition . 
  now all you have to say is that i 'm condescending . 
  well thank you . 
  but hey , even then , maybe you learned something new today . 
  let 's see the positive side , shall we ? 
   first of all the gestapo came along after the damage was done . 
  oh yeah , so wait , let 's see : the gestapo came around after free speech got abused to hell and back to implement a very efficient regime of killing the rest of the people who tried to see how free speech works . 
  is n't that the actual joke . 
  we had 70 years of laws against inciting hate and no significant abuse , but we had a decade of free speech and a few million dead afterwards . 
  the one thing that gets abused and brings about more destruction and death is free speech . 
  not the laws regulating our way of living together peacefuly . 
   because who decided what is hate speech and what is not ? 
  our laws and our judiciary . 
  they performed quite well for the last decades . 
  there is no indication that it will change soon . 
   sure they will probably start with , saying derogatory words against certain groups of people ( which i would always condemn ) are considered hate speech , and they could easily start adding to that list . 
  they could not . 
  every time anything like that could have happened there was an open debate in our society . 
  that 's how we do it . 
  weighing the pros and the cons . 
  till now , that also worked out quite well . 
  no , it does n't concern you . 
  if you are going to have the same issues in romania you can debate about it however long you want . 
  this is a debate germany is going to have . 
  it will be debated , whether we like it , or not . 
  and bringing up the same old censorship bullshit again is getting old very fast . 
  it simply shows that your whole information is obviously coming from reddit and that the narrative , that this shit is about censorship obviously sticks . 
  germany does n't have a history of censorship since it became democratic after wwii . 
  if there was legitimate concern to the contrary i would be very worried . 
  till now nothing indicates , that we are ready to give up on our civic freedoms . 
  and sorry to tell you , but combating bullshit through nice words is not possible . 
  that 's the one thing , that history actually showed us time and time again . 
  you obviously like to ignore that fact . 
  we learned from it . 
  oh look , more circlejerking . 
  i am never going to find any explanation for you , which is going to satisfy you . 
  therefore i am not trying . 
  i know the drill . 
  do n't have the time for it . 
  no circlejerk for me please . 
  i do n't like touching dicks , besides my own . 
   some people are concerned that the hate speech laws may be used for bad intentions ok then , please show me how in the last 70 years those laws have been abused in germany . 
  our judiciary is still very independent and until now it had a very good track record of actually defending free speech , even in the murkiest cases . 
  you know the refugee , who tried to get his picture removed from facebook a few weeks ago ? 
  well look at that , his request got denied by our judiciary . 
  and bringing up the nazis is perfectly legitimate , because it was the one defining moment in the history of germany , when we learned that havin unchecked free speech is only leading to polarisation and a lot of dead people . 
  because free speech in the end is actually what gets abused . 
  not the laws against it . 
  yeah , and now we want to adapt them for the internet-age . 
  till now the internet is very much a gray area . 
  our justice department is trying to find ways to adress the issue . 
  it 's a process , let us ( i mean germans ) find out , how to do it . 
  how is it of any concern for you actually ? 
   i just wanted to know how exactly freedom of speech killed millions in gas chambers , and how you get to that conclusion . 
  that would require me to educate your sorry ass , because you obviously lack education regarding that issue . 
  so yeah , i do n't have the time to educate your sorry ass . 
  your system of education should have taken care of that . 
  somehow you missed at least one year of it . 
  and i do n't have that much spare time for internet strangers . 
   i 'm genuinely interested i highly doubt that . 
  it 's actually pretty simple to see through the bullshit you actually try to throw around here . 
  therefore i wo n't even try to convince you , because there is no reason to . 
  we will keep circlejerking around here and you will feel good about yourself thinking that you actually achieved anything meaningful . 
  i am simply too old for this kind of shit . 
  http://www.hull.ac.uk/rca/docs/articles/freedomexpressionsocialresponsibility.pdf http://www.oxfordscholarship.com/view/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199236282.001.0001/acprof-9780199236282-chapter-2 http://www.bu.edu/law/journals-archive/international/volume23n2/documents/299-336.pdf do your own reading , i do n't have the time to educate your sorry ass . 
   they died because the other did n't say anything back . 
  oh ... hmm ... you mean the others , who tried to say something but somehow ( i do n't know [ how ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gestapo ) ) got killed , too ? 
  yeah , that freedom of speech helped those ones , too , like really ... reaaaaaaaaallly a lot !, 
  yeah , this truth does n't fit your agenda , right ? 
  my bad . 
  please confront me with your facts ... 
   and who is going to be deciding what counts as `` hate speech '' ? 
  this shit again . 
  do we have to talk it through one more time ?
