  i get why people think it 's dangerous , etc. , but it saves me a lot of time and nerves , so for me it 's worth it . 
  it actually does , because my parents are asking anyway . 
  so every time they ask , i simply connect to their pc solve the problem and that 's it . 
  before , i had to tell them to please open the windows explorer , followed by the `` where is it question '' , followed by there is an icon in your taskbar , followed by `` i opened it , what now '' , followed click on your harddrive symbol , followed by `` what symbol is it '' , followed by ... you get it i guess . 
  now i simply do it myself within 3-5 minutes . 
  before it actually took at least half an hour and discussions like `` why the hell did you click on that ? 
  did i tell you explicitly to click on that ? 
  and where the hell are you now ? 
  i did n't tell you to open that window '' ... 
  i use teamviewer nowadays ... do n't even need to install it , because it runs without installation . 
  it saved me a lot of time :-), 
   however i 'm still not a fan . 
  i 'm not a fan either . 
  like i told the other guy , you can criticize adenauer politically every day , i 'm ok with that . 
  his actions were and still are very controversial . 
  but he was n't a nazi sympathiser . 
  he was a conservative and yes , sysmbollicaly , someone like brandt , would have made for a better chancellor . 
  calling him a nazi sympathiser is distorting historical events . 
  he was quite old already and he grew up in other times . 
  and i 'm pretty sure , that he was n't an ardent democrat either . 
  he had a lot of flaws from todays point of view . 
  but even from todays pov , calling him a nazi sympathiser is still wrong . 
   the fact that he chose to integrate nazis into society rather than prosecuting them , maybe ? 
  or maybe not ? 
  what the hell was he supposed to do ? 
  the biggest offenders were judged or dead , the wehrmacht was more or less in some gulags in the su . 
  the people who were left in rest germany were normal people , at least the majority . 
  prosecuting them all would have been completely stupid . 
  it would have clogged up the whole barely existing judicial system . 
  actually , germany would have had to wait a few years until new judges would come out of universities to even have a judiciary to judge those old nazis . 
  also , from a legal point of view , the majority of those people could n't have been prosecuted anyways . 
  for what exactly ? 
  for being member of the nsdap ? 
  for adhering to the political views of the nazi nomenclatura ? 
  that was n't illegal . 
  you ca n't make it illegal after the end of wwii and suddenly prosecute people for it retroactively . 
  i agree , that adenauer was pragmatic . 
  i also agree , that his actions were highly debateable . 
  they caused our 68er movement 2 decades later . 
  and they led to a revolting youth against an establishment , which did n't want to take moral responsibility for the actions of germany during the nazi era . 
  his actions paved the way for reflection within society , when society was ready to do so . 
  you expect way too much from a politician , who grew up and got his political sociolization in the wilhelminian kaiserreich . 
  it 's the same like us judging people who still are fond of the su . 
  and last , do you find the assumption logical , that the allies would have tollerated a nazi sympathiser as the first chancellor of west-germany ? 
  are you actually believing it ? 
  they just fought the bloodiest war so far against the nazi regime , why the hell would they want the new political leadership to be a nazi sympathiser ? 
  adenauer can be criticized politically , that 's for sure . 
  we do that a lot here . 
  but calling him a nazi sympathiser is simply false . 
  he did n't adhere to nazi political views . 
  he was a member of the centrum party , he was a conservative and a monarchist . 
  and the actual fact , that you personally detest a historical figure is pretty ludicrous , in my opinion . 
   it was implemented under his government so it is also fair that he takes responsibility for it . 
  yeah , that would be fair , if you could safely assume that a government can act of its own accord . 
  you are talking about post-war germany here . 
  the government was n't even able to write a new constitution without the conesent of the allied forces . 
  so you can safely assuem , that the allied forces were fine with adenauer 's policies and approved them after checking them . 
  therefore , i 'd rather posit , that there were quite a few important political figures , who need to take responsibility for that . 
   i studied post-ww2 germany in an english school . 
  i guess they also taught you on the use of hyperbole and how to distort historical events , because :  the entire concept of `` year zero '' was that the country attempted to integrate nazis , as they knew it would be difficult to rebuild the country without them . 
  this piece of text still does n't answer , how adenauer was a `` nazi-sympathiser '' . 
  please , try and answer my question . 
  how was adenauer a nazi-sympathiser ? 
  what did he say , what did he do , that marks him as a sympathiser of nazi ideology ? 
   he was the one who implemented the year zero policy and wanted to end de-nazification by 1949 . 
  and you still think , that he did it all on his own ? 
  he obviously had much more power , than i thought . 
  he overruled the judiciary , the legislative aaaaand the allies occupying germany at that time , wow !, 
   but also a nazi sympathiser huh , what ? 
  where the hell did you learn this historical `` fact '' ? 
   who let thousands escape punishment . 
  sure ... 
  he did it all alone , because he had all that power as the omnipotent leader of an occupied country . 
  yeah , but no . 
  obviously russians know as much about german history as germans about russian . 
  guess we 're equally uninformed . 
  germany wants to . 
  they deleted it from the official strategic roadmap for the luftwaffe . 
  so there you go . 
  i 'll just leave you alone now , i 'm getting bored . 
  i hope you 'll get better at this internet thing xd, 
  try harder . 
  north korea , usa . 
  this is r/europe . 
  both states are not part of europe . 
  why did you post it here ? 
  sure ... at least folks on 4chan know how to bait people , unlike you . 
   blah blah blah , in summary you did not know what you were talking about and got schooled . 
  very graceful defeat here . 
  o yeah , nice bait there m8 ... is 4chan down again ? 
  o yay , here we go , a circlejerk . 
  you 're comparing the number of ( hopefully ) sold fighters to the number of transport aircraft of a certain class . 
  do we really need to discuss that ? 
  like for real ? 
  how many fighter aircraft ( se , multirole ) do airfoces usually have and how many transport aircraft ( medium range , not heavy ) ? 
  i am also not talking about financial success . 
  i was simply pointing out , that both programmes had and still have their problems . 
  i really , like fuckin really , like for real for fucks fuckin sake , do n't care about these fuckin aircrafts . 
  i am not going to try to defend a piece of fuckin cold technology like a stupid zealot . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you .
