  ) , when they try to take informed guesses at possible future scenarios . 
  also called fortune telling . 
  based on things which did n't happen yet . 
  do you actually have any idea how a statistical analysis is supposed to work ? 
  how would you even try to control for external factors , when trying to find out the consequences of brexit for the economy , when those consequences right now do n't even exist ? 
  there is nothing that can be attributed to brexit . 
  the legislature did n't change the international treaties did n't change . 
  nothing happened yet . 
  the value of the pound changed due to speculation and expectations on the side of people making bets on something which is suppose to happen somewhen . 
  trade did n't change , manufacturing did n't change , employment numbers did n't change . 
  of course you can predict future scenarios based on comparable events in the past . 
  that 's what we have `` experts '' for and consulting firms . 
  experts and professors working for universities can do so , if they wish to . 
  those are educated guesses . 
  in about 10 years we can actually look at the data and make a more or less precise statement on the real consequences of the brexit . 
  then the numbers can be controled for external factors . 
  we can look at trade , manufacturing , employment and say what change was caused by brexit and what change was actually caused by developments in golbal trade and finance networks . 
  to say today that 5 % gain in value of the pound and the rise in unemployment by 2 % is caused by brexit is nonsense . 
  because it 's simply impossible . 
  i do n't doubt that you can make a prognosis . 
  but you can not attribute certain effects to something that has n't happened yet and claim that you worked in a scientfically correct manner . 
   your critique is just wrong , just because there is little data that does n't mean that you should n't do it . 
  my critique is just wrong ? 
  i have n't criticised anything ffs . 
  where did i criticise anything ? 
  where ? 
  can you actually read ? 
  the first time i actually criticised something was here in this reply . 
  in the reply to the other guy i merely pointed out that there is no data on brexit , because brexit did n't happen yet . 
  can you understand the words i wrote ? 
  there . 
  data . 
  the . 
  thing . 
  did n't . 
  happen . 
  there . 
  can not . 
  data . 
  something . 
  that . 
  did n't . 
  happen . 
  is this clear enough for you ? 
  do you always read like that ? 
  holy fuck ...  it is exactly the kind of analysis that today 's consulting firms look for . 
  universities do n't work for consulting firms . 
  consulting firms have more money than any university in europe . 
  they do their own work . 
  they have better and more resources than most of the people working in any scientific field . 
  most scientific work is retrospective and uses that data to formulate new theories of a general and abstract nature in order to predict future developments . 
  most experts were n't able to predict lehman or the collapse of the soviet union . 
  because it is simply too hard to guess the future in any useful manner . 
  if the scientific community could do that life would be different . 
  also , thanks for the downvote . 
   and that is intellectually dishonest . 
  how is that `` intelectually dishonest '' ? 
  such a nice expression without any content , btw . 
  just sounds sophisticated . 
  i am comparing todays russia to todays europe and by that comparison russia is not very european . 
  which european values do we share today with russia ? 
  come on , please tell me , i presented a few european values in our `` nice '' debate here . 
  which of them are part of russian reality ? 
  even better , which of them were part of russian reality for the last 3 decades ? 
  rule of law , freedom of the press , respecting borders and not annexing foreign territories , protecting minorities , etc. 
  how is putin european ? 
  the guy who pretty much wants to destroy todays european order ? 
  how is that european ? 
  like really ? 
  how ? 
  and please do n't tell me nice stories of our common history , because by that logic the turks are as european as russia . 
  they actually spent more time in europe than russia , ai n't that hillarious ? 
   well , maybe you should listen to such advises from time to time . 
  maybe you should stop giving them , it is so intellectually dishonest ... 
  brexit has n't acutally happened yet . 
  there will be no data on it yet . 
  and even then , at least at my uni it was that way , that my professor wanted me to have a minimum of 10 years of data in order for him to find it conclusive . 
  a one-year change is statistically not really reliable data . 
  how do you want to write a thesis on something that is highly hypothetical as of now . 
  the effects on both parties are pure speculation , or educated guesses . 
  but anyways , you wo n't find any data on something that has n't happened yet and is not going to happen in the next years i guess . 
  it will take a while until legislation and international agreements have actually been changed . 
  after that you will have data which will clearly be caused by a brexit , because the trade and finance flows will be actually affected by new laws and agreements . 
  until then you can not attribute any change to brexit alone . 
  i 'm just curious sorry , but your thesis topic sounds kinda speculative . 
  anyways , there is no data on brexit , it did n't happen yet . 
  well , that answers my questions i just asked the other guy :-) i was in hungary two years ago and there is a rise of cooperation between the state and the church . 
  and i thought they were already a little too far gone with their religiosity . 
  i did n't expect romania to be this religious afte all the years of ceau\u0219escu . 
  i know that he did n't oppress the church that hard , but for the people to embrace orthodoxy this strongly after all those years is somehow very surprising . 
  well , fuck me , that is hell of a rebound after all those years to  90 % . 
  i saw the new church in bucharest here on r/europe , the one with the 3 chuches in one church inception level church . 
  that thing must be expensive . 
  but anyways , do the people pay some kind of tax for the church or something ? 
  can you really call that percentage religious ? 
  or are they simply indentifying as orthodox to different degrees . 
  i still simply ca n't imagine ( not that i doubt you ) that so many actually would call themselves religious . 
  the number seems so high , it surprises me a lot . 
  oh god what a bunch of crap . 
  women stay at home since decades , because men often ca n't be assed to take care of their kids .
