  i do n't get people like you . 
  how are those three issues in any way relevant to the berlin justice system ? 
   i have commented on the issue on the hand , but it somehow escapes your attention . 
  no it did n't . 
  i replied and we acknowledged tacitly that you are not going to do more than just post links every day . 
  and on the topic itself : the senators surely have a lot of things to do . 
  surprising , i know . 
  the fun fact is that when you actually read the report which is the source for the article you realise that the senator did n't do shit . 
  his office is reporting on things which have been implemented before he took office and now they are reporting on their intention to relabel toilets in certain public buildings where they can actually do that . 
  that 's all . 
  somebody took half a day to write a report about things that happened during the last 12 months . 
  and we are arguing here about agendas and whether senators have more pressing things to do . 
  the senator is from the green party . 
  he has also to deal with the issue of discrimination because that 's what his job description says . 
  his office released a report . 
  they are going to relabel toilets in public buildings and are happy about everybody in berlin who is doing the same . 
  no he does n't : that is the actual report discussed in the media . 
  the senate did not ask them to do that . 
  it gets reported by the senate because it wants to point out their `` positive example '' . 
  btw , i do n't care about the whole unisex topic . 
  i still am going to use the male bathroom . 
  just want to provide information . 
  i am not interested in discussing gender politics . 
  you can read the report yourselves . 
  if someone wants me to translate it , i can do that . 
  but i do n't think that it 's such an important topic at all . 
   have i tried to degrade you ? 
  oh yeah , a few times already . 
  that 's why i do n't give a fuck anymore and just do the same . 
   and you are speaking about ` debate ' , about context , about education when you have not one grain of self respect some more degrading ... hmm nice . 
  anyways , as you obviously are not the least inclined to comment on the issue at hand ( you not being willing to do more than just posting links and treating this subreddit as some kind of retarded fb feed ) i have nothing of substance to add to your bad passive aggresive insults . 
   some real estate company now doing a feasibility study about gender-less toilets , and it will costs just 5 thousands euro . 
  it 's the state-owned berliner immobilienmanagement gmbh . 
   and yeah , i do not give a fuck how your senate and senators in it looks like . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  would n't have picked up on that myself , thanks for pointing it out to me . 
   and of course , there is an article in english by the queers themselves , where they explain you everything you need to know about equal pissing in the common space such a nice tone , you do n't even try to actually sound like a human being capable of debating an issue without ... you know what ?!, 
  i do n't give a fuck anymore . 
  i tried it a few times already with you . 
  you just keep on spewing out your shit anyways . 
   they are considered to be brainless plankton that i have obligation to feed with something called ` context ' . 
  and go fuck yourself . 
  this subreddit would be way more informative if ops would actually care about their fuckin ' links . 
  you post link after link like your life depends on it . 
  providing context ( even when you obviously think that it 's something useless ) would help everybody to educate themselves and get a more complete picture . 
  that 's what this subreddit should actually be about . 
  a source of information , commented by people who actually live in the respective countries so that other europeans can get a better understanding of the issues . 
  you do n't provide anything regarding that . 
  and yeah : the truth actually is that you consider us `` brainless plankton '' by posting mere links . 
  we can google that shit ourselves . 
  i can find a ton of articles about an issue without your dishonest service . 
  r/europe is not a fuckin link and news aggregator ffs !, 
  that 's what you do . 
  you merely aggregate news and post links . 
  thanks for that , such great service !, 
  no , why should i ? 
  i would like you to comment on your posts . 
  all you provided was a google translate link . 
  you did n't even try to give some perspective , or at least tell why you thought it would be important for the users of this subreddit to know about such `` important things '' happening in berlin right now . 
  you are posting a ton of links . 
  but you never put them into any perspective . 
  no context . 
  nothing . 
  not regarding that you post links which are biased in the first place . 
  i do n't care about that , but i think that as the op you should provide the readers with additional information which can not be found in the article itself . 
  and the article you posted ommited a lot . 
  everybody here knows that journalism is n't as good as it was . 
  you should take responsibility for your links and the information they carry . 
  yaaay , another misleading piece by waz . 
  before i get to the circumstances of that policy project , i 'd like to point out one thing : just reading the title , then looking at the guy posting it makes me think : `` yeah , sure , there is no agenda here , right ? 
  this is not going to be a thread full of `` these lefist liberal idiots , doing totally unimportant things first , such dumbasses !!! 1 !! '', 
  circlejerking , right ? 
  there will be no completely unsubstantiated opinions by people who like to live in their nice little echo-chamber , right ? 
  the op posted the article because he really actuall wanted to have a discussion and not because he wanted to paint the state government of berlin in a certain way , right ? '', 
  yeah well . 
  it 's r/europe after all ... 
  so here we go : the guy proposing the policy is not only `` justizsenator '' . 
  ( berlin has a senate and a `` house of represantatives '' . 
  the senate is the government . 
  the boss of the senate is the mayor of berlin . 
  the house is the parliament ) . 
  so btt : the justizsenator is also dealing with the topic of discrimination / anti-discrimination . 
  therefore it is his job to think about these things . 
  furthermore : the project has been initiated in march 2014 through a proposal by a representative . 
  since then it has been in the works . 
  what actually annoys me the most is the following : fuckin nothing happened . 
  a goveernment is working . 
  this government has to deal with such topics too , even if many people on this subreddit do n't like it . 
  if a representative decides to ask the government to take care of a certain topic , then the government has to do it . 
  politics 101 . 
  people vote for those representatives . 
  it took the government 2 years to get this thing started . 
  yeah even the government did n't think that it is that important but it does n't has a choice . 
  it has to work on it since it got the order to do it by the representatives therefore by the people of berlin . 
  and why the unisex toilets ?!, 
  because it 's the simplest solution !, 
  they are planning to retrofit toilets in public buildings . 
  they can do it fast without a lot of hassle and then they can report to the house that the job is done and everybody can move on . 
  is n't that nice ? 
  edit : ** tl ; dr ** the senator is from the green party .
