  and it 's fair , germany still refuses to pay for greek debts , there 's no obligation for poland to help out germany with the refugee issue . 
  all is fine . 
  we simply need to learn from it . 
  the only question will be , what we 're actually going to learn from it . 
   let 's pretend you sign a lease agreement to your house . 
  it 's a 10 year agreement and then they 're supposed to leave afterwards . 
  ok , let 's `` pretend '' . 
  then in this case , i can simply point out , that nobody signed that kind of lease . 
  there was no legal obligation for any `` gastarbeiter '' to go back . 
  people simply assumed , that it was part of the deal . 
  but there was no `` deal '' . 
  no contract stating , that the person has any obligation to leave . 
  so , i still do n't see any good point , why their kids and grandkids should be treated any different compared to `` our '' kids . 
  why should we do that ? 
  they did n't do anything morally wrong and they did n't do anything illegal . 
  and besides , who the hell is upset about the decissions made 50-60 years ago by adenauer , brandt , etc ? 
  and even if anybody would actually be upset about that , why would they need to take it out on the kids and grandkids of those people ? 
  how is that actually working ? 
  like really ? 
   regarding nazi 's let me add that it was required to be part of the party . 
  it was n't as if 100 % of germans agreed to join the party and participated in it willingly . 
   to further these points . 
  if you 're upset by the children of these immigrants because your government and their parents lied it 's different than hating muslims because their muslim . 
   just like if someone 's parents got rich by owning and selling jewish property and when people are upset they say `` it 's because you hate germans '' . 
  you 're conflating so many different and unrelated things in these 3 paras , that it 's hard to follow . 
  anyway , being a nazi is not simply about being a party member . 
  if my granddad killed and raped his way through ukraine as a soldier of the wehrmacht , would it be ok , if people still would hate me for that ? 
  i mean , how is it my fault ? 
   what if one just dissaproves of people who commit their life to one of the most violent and backward religions . 
  you mean our italian immigrants ? 
  why do you hate them ? 
   one might not feel inclined to live under the same roof with people like that ... hypothetically speaking of course hypothetically speaking ? 
  yeah well , try real life then . 
  i 'm living next door to a nice turkish family . 
  they sure as hell are not christians . 
  they are very nice people and do n't seem to be backwards or something . 
  but we got a load of new refugees aswell in my neigbourhood . 
  and yeah , they brought quite a few problems along . 
  people were complaining a lot and the local council decided to install new lightbulbs to make the streets less dark . 
  so what 's the lesson to be learned ? 
  humans are very different . 
  you could almost say , that they 're like a box of chocolate . 
  some of them can become very good neighbours , although they 're muslims , etc. 
  some of them can become violent assholes and attack the jewish lady and her kid in the metro . 
  but : in my opinion , grading their kids worse , because they 're muslims , not wanting to drive in the same car with them , because they 're muslims , not wanting to live in the same building with them , because they 're muslims and not wanting to give them the same fair chance to get a job , because they 're muslims ... well , that 's just pure asshole behaviour . 
  judging persons based on their religion ... yep , you must really be an ass for doing that ... hypothetically speaking . 
   diversity is divisive by nature . 
  by nature ? 
  hmm ok ... that 's a sound argument right there . 
  hobbes would be proud . 
   they 're even worst at integrating . 
  yeah , ill need numbers on that ...  refugees are slower than average to learn the language . 
  hmm yes ... which `` average '' . 
  i 'd like some statistical data on the way this comparison has been made and by whom ...  they 're much more likely to have most of the employees be similar to their culture more likely , than who ? 
  and yeah ... data ... you know the drill ...  most likely to have more of their tenants be similar culture . 
  most likely ? 
  compared to whom again , which countries ... or cities ? 
  states ? ... in europe ? 
  the usa ? 
   it 's a two way street . 
  yeah , no shit . 
  we 're all doing our best at not improving the situation . 
   it is n't the same comparison . 
  it is . 
  it 's about making the next generation responsible for the decissions of their forefathers . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  if we start to make the 2nd and 3rd generation responsible for the fact that their predecessors decided to stay , how is that a good idea ? 
  like really ? 
  now i am actually curious . 
  please try to make a convincing point , why i should tell those kids , that it 's their fault , that their dad did n't want to go back to turkey , italy and greece . 
   only if you assume that unlimited tolerance is superior value . 
  yeah , i do n't assume that . 
  tolerance surely must have its limits . 
   we need balance . 
  we do n't want any migrants , is not balanced either . 
  and like i said before . 
  `` anyways , being honest to yourself should lead to an improvement of yourself . '' ... 
  i merely want improvement . 
  the situation right now is not optimal . 
  it never will be , we 're not living in an utopia . 
  but we need to strive towards it . 
  our policies are not improving the situation . 
  the open border policies are as bad as the hungarian `` let 's fence us in '' policies . 
  you said it yourself . 
  we need balance . 
  right now , we 're drifting towards the extremes ... on both sides . 
   not advocating either opinion , just stating what the original plan was . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of the original plan , but ...  honestly the same argument still applies those 2nd and 3rd gen immigrants then , i 'm going to insist on calling all my german compatriots nazis , because , let 's face it , they 're ( me as well ) are 3rd or 4th generation nazis . 
  just sayin ' , holding following generations accountable for things they did n't have a say in , is not going to help . 
  and in my personal opinion , it 's kinda dumb . 
   is this sort of bavarian mentality similar in austria ? 
  i have no clue , maybe an austrian can answer that . 
  in my perception austrians are rather chill persons . 
  but i only met a few , so do n't quote me on that . 
   many did n't want them to come in the first place . 
  so of course , now that they 're here , they 're going to treat them as uninvited guests . 
  yeah , i knew that it would come to this kind of argument . 
  but i am mainly talking about 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants . 
  young adults , who grew up here , who have the same qualifications as other `` german '' applicants , etc. . . who ffs are actually german citizens born in germany . 
  but the discrimination already starts in school .
