  the war in ukraine , syria , etc. . . a fuckin airspace incursion is daily business , nice training . 
  holy fuck , you people are seriously overreacting much . 
  it 's like we entered the age of pussies , where we start behaving like hysterical little girls and forget to use our brains . 
  come on , that 's just a misconception on your side :-) they call a lot of countries , name without sz\u00e1g : https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c3%b6z%c3%a9p-eur%c3%b3pa ausztria , for example . 
  you have to keep up with internet lingo , m8 . 
  oh wait , you 're working for the un , keeping up with things is not part of your job description i guess ... also , no need to get passive aggressive , oh wait , you 're working for the un , i guess that 's the normal way to cope with things . 
  wait , am i about to receive a strongly worded letter from you soon ? 
  i mean , you 're working at the un , so it would be the logical thing for you to do , right ? 
  actually , you must be the first person at the un , who is advocating for provoking an armed conflict with russia . 
  does your superior know about that ? 
  oh boy , you keep on digging deeper and deeper with every comment ... oh wait ... un , lmao ... your comments are actually pure gold considering your background hahaha, 
  i said `` top kek '' ... no need for a `` lol '' . 
  you 're a fine analyst dude / s no wonder the un is so fuckin incompetent . 
  if they actually communicate the way you did throughout this conversation it would explain the mysterious ways the un sometimes manages to take ... ho lee fuk . 
  inb4 you 're the janitor ... 
   competence  at the un top kek . 
  i 've answered all the points you 're trying to make already . 
  i do n't have any intention to go through them again with you . 
  so whatever whatever ... btw , it 's funny how civilians are always calling for the use of force . 
  as an ex-officer i am always amazed , that it 's actually the fighting personnel , who does n't want to get into this kind of shit . 
  armed conflict is n't fun , killing humans is n't fun . 
  pointing weapons at others and risking your life is n't fun . 
  i sure as hell hope that we have exhausted all our peaceful options before we start shooting each other . 
  you wan na get shot at ? 
  be my guest , cross the border go to eastern ukraine , have fun . 
  just read my other comments here , i wo n't get down to your level , it 's a waste of my time . 
   just to let you know , russian occupation troops left my country in 1990s they left my country in 1991 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/group_of_soviet_forces_in_germany  and they have recently annexed a part of ukraine i know , i am very well aware of that . 
   hence my tough stance on the russian warmongering . 
  i am all pro tough stance , but it has to be against the russian government , the consequences for my `` western '' world have to be as minimal as possible and the actions should be appropriate . 
  we can escalate this shit to open confrontation in the long run , i am not afraid of using weapons . 
  but as long as it 's not really necessary i simply would like to enjoy a nice summer . 
  air-space incursions do n't warrant military responses ( by that i mean shooting down an aircraft ) . 
  russian troops passing the polish or baltic or finnish border on the ground , sure as hell do . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  i hope our government would think the same . 
   also , as shown above , you logic connecting shooting down a military jet and a war is also faulty . 
  how is it ? 
  you try to imply , that the incident between turkey and russia would warrant the exact same consequences in this case . 
  how can you be this sure ? 
  can you look into the future . 
  and if not , are you willing to actually take the risk ? 
  and if yes , on which basis do you build your risk assesment of the situation ? 
  comparing the 2 incidents is n't a convincing argument , because the one happened above ( or next to , depending on the pov ) warzone . 
  the other is pretty far away from the next warzone . 
  so my `` logic '' is not a logic , it is a possible scenario , one that is as equally possible as yours . 
  the difference is that i am not willing to risk it because of a simple air-space incursion . 
  you obviously think differently . 
   you missed it . 
  try re-watching once again . 
  clearly i missed it and i still do n't get what you want to imply . 
  i am seriously getting annoyed by that `` implication '' game you 're playing here . 
  make a fuckin point , write a sentence and try to formulate it as a declarative sentence and not as a question , where i am supposed to fill in the blanks . 
  is this fuckin kindergarten ? 
  are adults in your country communicating this way and do they feel smart , when they do it ? 
  you link to a skit , where people try to , i do n't even know what the point of this video actually is . 
  the pros and cons of the nuclear deterrent are a completely different animal . 
  in my opinion nobody is ever going to use it , because , like the video pointed out , mad is a potential consequence . 
  or do you want to imply , that an air-space incursion should be answered with a nuclear attack on russia ?!, 
  i do n't get what your point is . 
   i wouldnt object to patriot ok i 'll call you a patriot . 
   but what did i say that makes you think i might be a nationalist ? 
  or is it a matter of definition ? 
  oh god , please no , i 'm not in the mood for a circlejerk . 
  so your argument is a comedic skit ?!, 
  and by linking to that skit you try to imply that people actually do n't want to live in peace and actually enjoy living in warzones ? 
  ... interesting . 
   what makes you say that ? 
  your comment history . 
  it 's not the first time we meet . 
  you should start using res , makes life easier ... 
   a child pushes the boundaries of what it is allowed to do , until its presented with a firm refusal . 
  if it doesnt meet such , it makes parents life a living hell . 
  oh wait , i am actually a parent ( and also an ex-officer of the gny ) , so i have insight into both spheres . 
  first : comparing a child 's behaviour with russian incursions into foreign airspace is retarded , frankly . 
  second : even if we do , my child is testing every possible boundary on a daily basis and it is in fact driving me mad now and then . 
  but i do n't shoot him for it . 
  i try to communicate with him , i reason with him and i show him his boundaries , if needed in stricter and stronger words , when i get the feeling , that we have to establish those boundaries against his will and he simply does n't want to cooperate . 
  you know , funny thing , kids actually want to cooperate most of the time , because they strive for your attention and affection . 
  therefore most of the time i do n't need to escalate things . 
  it is sufficient to talk about it and to show him ways to do things in a way that is fine for all of us . 
  so yes , showing children their boundaries is necessary , but shooting them is not a solution . 
  third : flying units ... the flying world itself , always has sops ( standard operating procedures ) , general orders , etc. 
  air-space incursions are handled in the same way , every time . 
  pilots are not going to shoot a foreign ariplane . 
  the sops and general orders outline the way the interception has to be done . 
  in peace-time , there is no general order , that is going to tell a pilot , that air-space incursions have to be answered with potential deadly force . 
  fourth : just think about the implications . 
  the markets would react in a very bad way . 
  we would have the same scenoria as between russia and turkey , but on a much higher level . 
  the ru-tr incident was kinda alleviated by the fact that it happened in a war zone . 
  if a russian aircraft gets shot down by a brittish aircraft , everybody will know , that it was a conscious decission made by the higher-ups . 
  like i said , no pilot is going to decide to shoot down the aircraft . 
  the pilot is going to ask for permission , if he feels , that such an action is warranted . 
  in that case his commanding officer , will escalate the whole situation up to the people who really have the power to make such decisions . 
  and because we 're living in peaceful times and most armies are parliamentary armies this decision would be brought to the mod . 
  i do n't know the brittish chain of command , but somebody within the government would have to take the responsibility for it . 
  so in this case everybody would know , that the brittish government actually allowed the aircraft to be shot down . 
  the ensuing shitstorm would destabilize our part of the world for at least a month in a best case scenario . 
  in a not so best case scenario we would slip into war . 
  for a fuckin air-space incursion !!!!!!!!!,
