      the usa and the eu should look longer term than a 4 year presidency . 
      there is more that unites us , than divides us . 
  you know , i actually really like that notion , but to be honest it lost a lot of traction after more than a decade of eu-bashing . 
  it began with bush jr. and his posse telling us that there is a new and an old europe and then , when europe started to dislike the idea of ttip we got the memo from the obama administration that it seeks to deepen its trading relations with the pacific region , because that 's where the future is and because they are so dynamic and less complicated ( just paraphrasing a little ) . 
  now there 's donald , who managed to take all that bashing to a new level . 
  therefore i find it kinda rich to point out that `` we '' should n't validate china 's human rights violations . 
  especially considering that the usofa and china have been the most important trading partners for each other for almost 2 decades now . 
  and now that china and eu start to deepen their trading linkages we need to consider how bad china is ... 
  i mean , come on , everybody knows that by now . 
  it 's really no big secret . 
  but to be honest after so many years of usa first in the asian region i am not going to mind a few years of eu first , america second . 
  if the us government decides to opt out for the next 8 years ( let 's be real , he 's gon na get a second term ) i do n't see any obligation on the eu side to wait for the next government to take back first place regarding trade . 
  after trump we can talk about mending our relationships and looking at the things that unite us . 
  but to be honest , i get the feeling that this far the eu was trying a lot harder than the us . 
  so i would n't hold my breath ... 
   it 's remarkable how moral crusaders here denounce russia you know what ` s actually funny ?!, 
  how you can not manage to make your point without labeling others as `` moral crusaders '' . 
  it 's such a gud way to invite people to debate your `` views '' . 
  but let 's do this : people are not happy to get `` buddied '' up with china . 
  they are happy , when their governments manage to ensure that the trade relations between china and the other countries are kept intact through according policies , etc. 
  people value stability . 
  good trade relations with china can help to keep that stability . 
  nevertheless , the german government , like other `` western '' governments , have been trying for a while to ballance the human rights issue and the trade relations against eacht other . 
  it 's not an easy task and it needs a prudent approach . 
  fucking our relations with china could have very real and big consequences in our part of the world . 
  so what makes `` people '' more amicable towards china compared to russia ?!, 
  it 's actually pretty easy . 
  yes , china is a country that has quite the issues with human rights . 
  just like russia . 
  but the real difference is that the chinese government has announced several times that it also values european stability and that it wants the eu to at least stay the same so that they can continue trading with us . 
  china depends on the trade because it ensures further growth and by that the government can keep its legitimacy . 
  the future of the chinese government depends on being able to keep its promise to provide a certain level of wealth for each chinese citizen . 
  although many may think , that china does n't give a shit about its people , they are wrong . 
  havin a few billion grumpy men in your country means a lot of trouble . 
  and unlike russia , china is not keeping its approval by defining against outsiders but by creating wealth . 
  the perception on the european side therefore is , that china is bad regarding human rights and democratic values , but at least it is not attacking us , because they realize that we all depend on each other in order to keep our levels of prosperity . 
  russia on the other hand is actively trying to undermine the perception of the eu . 
  the government is interested in doing that because it built a narrative which is based on a `` we against them '' scenario . 
  so it has to show the home audience that europe is a nightmare dominated by banks and gay people . 
  putin does n't view a stable and thriving europe as something good or at least necessary . 
  for him europe is obviously rather some kind of enemy . 
  he and his gevernment are actively supporting parties in europe which are obviously against the continuation of the eu project . 
  he is working actively against the stability here . 
  and like i said , people value stability and do n't really care for revolutions and wars in front of their doors . 
  therefore to sum it up : people can actually differentiate and see that this issue is not black and white . 
  they are aware that china is not a nice country . 
  but they can accept that we need them as trade partners and that we depend on each other for our common future . 
  russia on the other hand has no interest in helping us building a nice future here in the eu . 
  the russian government would gladly see the eu fail . 
  people see that . 
  therefore they react differently towards the two states . 
  oh , btw , nice whataboutism there buddy . 
  i tip my fedora to both of you guys . 
  such gud internet argument . 
  why would you think that ? 
  serious question . 
  i do n't think that `` they '' have anything meaningful to gain from that . 
  the `` west '' does n't really care , this guy was `` lost in transition '' between prisons for weeks and it did n't make any news here . 
  that 's why i do n't think that it is to please anybody in the west . 
  and for the home audience it 's also pretty irrelevant imho . 
  but i do n't have a real informed view on this one , so i 'm just assuming here . 
  i could suppose that he 's allowed to go now in order to make the government a little more appealing for the elections . 
  but to be honest , it 's pretty sure that putin is going to win anyway . 
  the 3rd scenario is to let him go so he can be shot on the street . 
  it would allow for an easier `` investigation '' . 
   i agree with your principles on this , to be clear , i just disagree with your reasoning about it . 
  the police should n't shoot to kill , but should not be afraid to shoot in case they kill . 
  well , it seems that i wrote in a way that clould be misunderstood that way , i did n't realize that . 
  i also do n't think that the police should be afraid to shoot to kill . 
  but it should be seen as a last resort . 
  simply advocating that shoot to kill is a good idea from the start is what gets me kinda frustrated in this context . 
  i 'm not naive , pinting a gun at somebody can potentially kill that person . 
  but for me it 's about basic principles of our way to live together . 
  living in a country where it becomes acceptable to advocate for shooting people is not something i would prefer . 
   and it of course is good that they are gone , but is the same as has happened in rinkeby and seine-saint-denis happening in berlin or frankfurt ? 
  that is a good question . 
  and i can not answer it in a satisfying way . 
  but i would like to ask a different one : why is the same not happening in berlin ? 
  i do n't know about frankfurt . 
  but in berlin we have wedding ( it 's a part of the city , not the ceremony ) which is predominantly a turkish community . 
  it is not worse or better , than other parts of the city with a comparable income structure . 
  i really do n't know why things in berlin have n't escalated so far and i think it would be a good case for camparison . 
  berlin also has got an influx of refugees , but so far it seems to be managable . 
  it 's not perfect , by far , but at least the people burning cars here and `` rioting '' are traditionally anarcho-punks on the 1st of may . 
  so yeah , i do n't know why it 's kinda working here . 
  it 's a good question . 
   how do we know that these zones occupied by muslim immigrants can be resolved in the same manner ? 
  there is no way of knowing and i actually think that it might not be possible to solve it the same way . 
  france and sweden will have to work it out on their own according to the socio-economic structures that can be found in those areas . 
  but i think that it 's not impossible . 
  and that it 's going to take a few years . 
  but yeah , the first thing is adressing the security issues . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  my alternative facts say that it did n't happen this way . 
  therefore you 're spreading fake news , there has never been a woman leading a country before , who was this successful . 
  but your media is always spreading lies about her and is dishonest all the time . 
  nobody reports on the good things she has done . 
  i 'm not ranting btw , this is fun for me . 
   how temporary is it , though ? 
  i do n't know .
