  also : chechnya is a republic of the rf . 
  therefore it is represented internationally by the russian government . 
  the mid is part of the government . 
  i agree that the question could also be posed to the spokesperson of the presidential office . 
  but compared to germany for example , if bavaria would start to pull off some bullshit , asking the mfa of germany would be a legitimate thing to do . 
  like asking the spokesperson what the stance of the german government on that behaviour is and whether it plans to adress the issue , or not . 
  the mfa should have an answer . 
  it is the part of the government tasked ( inter alia ) with explaining to foreign persons what 's going on in germany . 
  of course , the journalist could go to bavaria and ask there . 
  but contacting the mfa is as legitimate and more feasible , if you simply want an answer from the higher-ups . 
  meh , and here i am thinking that the schools in berlin are actually really bad . 
  but anyways , keep in mind that the maintenance of the buildings , actually the funding for the maintenance is the job of the local governments . 
  and by that , i really mean `` local '' . 
  in some cases the `` schultr\u00e4ger '' ( the organization instructed to do all the necessary things to run a school , etc ) is the city . 
  so yeah , education in germany is dependent on local politics . 
  the level and quality of education differs between states and actually even between cities . 
  we have unified exams on a state level , but you can be unlucky and have to go to a school , which obviously is n't well funded at all , or go to the next town and sit in the best school ever . 
  and both of them are normal public schools . 
  so yeah , if you want to actually see some really shitty schools come to berlin . 
  if you want to see some realy nice schools , go to anywhere in bavaria ... or saxony . 
   hmm . 
  so , i got this from spiegel -- they 're incorrect ? 
  i would n't call it incorrect . 
  tbh i do n't know , what they 're actually trying to do . 
  maybe it was an attempt to establish a `` german eagle '' like an american eagle . 
  but ( maybe we can ask other germans , too :-) ) the bundesadler is for me a very abstract symbol , which i never associated with a real eagle . 
  i am pretty sure that the bundesadler is not based on the `` german eagle '' . 
  unless the romans were inspired by it . 
  i do n't know why the romans decided to use the eagle , i shall google it later ... 
  but to sum it up : the spiegel article is somehow working like a tryhard on establishing a connection between our bundesadler and the real life eagle , which in my perception never existed . 
  when we see a german eagle , we do n't point at it and say : hey look !, 
  the bundesadler !, 
  to be honest , i do n't know anybody who , when seeing an eagle in germany , points at it and says `` look , a german eagle !, 
  '' , while having the same `` feelings '' like an american pointing at a bald eagle . 
  the german eagle does n't bear the same symbolic power as the bundesadler . 
   okay , i went looking to figure out which species that is . 
  it 's not a species , i think the op translated our expression for it in a slightly strange way . 
  we call the eagle the bundesadler ( federal eagle ) . 
  we do n't really have a german eagle , like you people have an american eagle . 
  but we call the coat of arms eagle the bundesadler . 
  it was called the reichsadler before . 
  so , when you see the eagle somewhere on an official building , or in the parliament for example , every german is referring to it as the bundesadler . 
  from the wiki : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_germany the german imperial eagle ( reichsadler ) originates from a proto-heraldic emblem believed to have been used by charlemagne , the first frankish ruler crowned holy roman emperor by the pope in 800 , and derived ultimately from the aquila or eagle standard , of the roman army . 
   we have a weather alert service , but i 'm afraid that ppl do n't pay enough attention to their announcements . 
  yeah , people learn it the hard way i 'm afraid . 
  i started to pay more attention to those severe weather warnings since the last time , when they wrecked berlin in some open places a few years ago . 
  before that i actually ignored them , too . 
   russophobic xaxa , there 's the word again . 
  it 's like godwin 's law for russian arguing . 
  you can formulate it as : as an online discussion involving even a little bit russia , or current russian politics/government , grows longer , the probability of mentioning russophobia approaches one . 
  i shall call it ghaleon 's law in your honor . 
  `` without commentary '' , but with a really strange soundtrack ... what the actual fuck lenta ? 
  the video would have been actually more `` impressive '' without the music . 
  anyways , sorry for the dead people . 
  do you have some kind of weather alert ? 
  in germany we have the dwd ( the german weather service ) and it issues warnings for severe weather in your area . 
  the warnings get then announced through apps of course but also on radio . 
  they became better , after we also had some injured people in bigger cities during summer thunderstorms a few years ago . 
   to compliment * to complement ... just pointing it out , no judgement or anything . 
  to compliment sounds too wrong in this case :-), 
   maybe it 's my personal interest in history but i like a room with backstory . 
  yeah , the one with the backstory got destroyed thoroughly during and after wwii . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot . 
  somebody else already pointed it out . 
  but , why not try to do sonething useful with this edit . 
  as i see that you have a personal interest in history i 'll point you to the wiki page about the [ wilhelmstra\u00dfe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wilhelmstrasse ) . 
  it was the political center of `` germany '' up until the end of wwii . 
  the old chancellory faced the [ wilhelmplatz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wilhelmplatz ) . 
  it does n't exist today . 
  funnily enough the embassy of the cz republic is built on one half of the former place . 
  i mention the wilhelmplatz , because you have seen it for sure . 
  often when you see [ pictures ] ( http://www.gettyimages.de/detail/nachrichtenfoto/adolf-hitler-gr%c3%bcsst-vom-balkon-derreichskanzlei-zur-nachrichtenfoto/545933951#adolf-hitler-grsst-vom-balkon-derreichskanzlei-zur-jubelnden-menge-picture-id545933951 ) of hitler waweing from a balcony in berlin he is doing it from the balcony of the expansion of the old chancellery which faced the mentioned place . 
  the nazis ( to be precise , goebbels ) decided to `` rebuild '' the original place and to turn it into an open space to be able to put a few thousands people on it for good photo ops . 
  the original place was actually a nice park . 
  on the corner of the wilhelmplatz was the old [ hotel kaiserhof ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hotel_kaiserhof_ ( berlin ) ) . 
  a lot of nazi higher ups , including hitler , who occupied the upper level of the hotel during his campaign , liked to spend their time there . 
  today , the north korean embassy is built upon the place . 
  the hotel got destroyed during wwii . 
  goebbels autobiography is titled `` vom kaiserhof zur reichskanzlei '' , which was meant to be `` funny '' , because it 's only a few meters across the wilhelmplatz . 
  the nsdap organized their rise to power in the hotel . 
  they used it as `` office space '' , because the owner of the hotel was a strong supporter of nationalsocialism . 
  i 'll stop here :-) but there 's actually much more ... 
  i do n't know why , but i read the mot\u00f6rhead monument in kiev . 
  and i was like , wow that 's a fuckin big monument ... then i realized my mistake ... 
  i 'm gon na google mot\u00f6rhead monuments now ... 
   the military hardware we pay for is there to protect us . 
  so wait , you already feel threatened , when a foreign aircraft enters into your airspace ? 
  grow some balls man . 
  this game has been played for decades now . 
  it was played during the fuckin cold war and we still managed to not let things escalate . 
  why the fuck should we start shooting them down now ? 
  you know what it will get ya ? 
  retaliation . 
  the next time some nato aircraft will get close to russian airspace ( nato air policing over the baltics is a thing , you kow , so it will happen sooner or later ) it will get shot down , because obviously we start shooting down aircraft now . 
  i really would n't like to be the pilot flying that aircraft and possibly dying just so some people on reddit could get some kind of satisfaction for their retarded `` let 's kill people urges '' . 
   if our air force ca n't stop russians invading our airspace they 're not `` invading '' your airspace , ffs . 
  they will not start building bases there and annex it for mother russia . 
  it 's an airspace incursion . 
  it 's actually no big deal really . 
  you know what 's a big deal ?
