   i called you a bigot only after this glorious passage : why is that bigotted ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   from that point onwards , you are officially a bigot . 
  officially ? 
  wow . 
  are you some kind of ministry or what ? 
   the `` sexist '' adjective came from your implosion when i said i do n't care what sex you are . 
  yes , you only care about gender , when it 's about women . 
  so you 're a sexist . 
  duh , it 's not rocket science ...  to sum up - you are a sexist bigot . 
  you 're simply throwing around words by now ... are n't you ? 
   that being said , this kind of statistics does n't tell the whole story b/c it does n't include such things as intimidation by authorities or any other non-fatal means to obstruct a journalist 's work . 
  i agree , that they tend to decrease . 
  but what 's the cause for it ? 
  maybe journalists stop writing about things they perceive as dangerous or unwanted ? 
  it could be an explanation . 
  and my answer was especially aimed at op 's proposal to simply go there : implying chechnya . 
  the republic is n't a stellar example for freedom of the press , thought , expression ... 
  so yeah , i agree , that the situation is improving , but i am not sure about , whether it 's a good thing , or whether it simply is improving , because journalists are `` learning to keep their mouths shut !, 
   you are bigot cuz you judge people on characteristics that have nothing to do with what the person does . 
  when did i judge `` people '' in the way you imply here ? 
  all the `` people '' ? 
  or just ms sakharova ? 
  and did i judge her ? 
  or did i simply provided you with an explanation , why people make stupid jokes about her ? 
  did i condone that behaviour explicitly ? 
  or even implicitly ? 
  or did you simply assume , that i would , although i actually did n't ? 
  who is the bigot ? 
   you see , i dont care what sex you are cuz it 's irrelevant to you being a sexist bigot . 
  that 's very bigotted of you , tbh . 
   you are still one weather you are a man , a woman or a lamppost . 
  but why ? 
  i did n't do anything bigotted . 
  i simply wrote words , explained a thing and did n't make any judgmental statement . 
   graffiti sprayer is not a protected characteristic for discrimination . 
  person 's sex and sexual preferences are so , it 's totes ok to insult them , because they 're not protected by laws ? 
  you 're such a bigot . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_journalists_killed_in_russia i did n't realize , that this point has to be backed by data again . 
  i accept it as common knowledge . 
  also no numbers , but a lot of names to read up on . 
  makes it much more interesting , than cold numbers ... 
  hmm let 's seeee ... ... ...  i do n't care if you identify yourself as a lamp post why do n't you care ? 
  you seemed a rather caring person initially . 
  do you only care , when it 's about russian women ? 
  and i am the bigot ? 
  i guess insulting people on the internet is ok , then , as long as they 're not russian and women ... you 're so sexist !, 
   does n't change nothing about you being a bigot . 
  what makes you think , that i am a bigot ? 
  why are you so angry ? 
  are you actually ms zakharova ? 
  you have her style to argue at least . 
   but thanks for comparing my comment to a literature giant , you certainly re-using quotes from my post as if i was one . 
  i should quote myself here , but i 'll write it out again . 
  the writing is not one of your honed skills . 
  you should leave it to people , who have more talent ... wait , i 'll try again : you 're a bad writer . 
  the sentence above does n't make sense . 
  you dumb ? ... wait , shorter : you bad writer . 
  do n't do that !, 
   i suppose for a bigot , even graffiti on a garage door is advanced literature . 
  are you trying to discredit graffiti sprayer ? 
  they are often talented people . 
  i 've seen beautiful works on building walls here in berlin for example . 
  how can you be this bigoted ? 
   so being a bigoted sexist is legit criticism , to call out a bigoted sexist is shit stirring . 
  black is white , weakness is strength . 
  keep digging yourself in deeper hole , i wo n't stop you . 
  xaxaxa ... sure , and now the circlejerk begins . 
  how lame . 
  you start implying things , read bullshit into things i did n't say , paint me as things i am not ... and i 'm supposed to react , so you can then find new things to cry about . 
  i am so not interested . 
  you russians really need to find a new hobby , this circlejerking on the internet was fun 10 years ago . 
  although let 's do eet :-)  so being a bigoted sexist is legit criticism no it 's not , did n't say that . 
   to call out a bigoted sexist is shit stirring . 
  you did n't , you accused the users of this sub and generalised . 
  that 's shit stirring . 
   black is white , weakness is strength . 
  you should leave the artsy writing to people , who know what they 're doing . 
  you 're no new dostojewski obviously ...  keep digging yourself in deeper hole , i wo n't stop you . 
  why wo n't you ? 
  if i would be a woman , would you stop me ? 
  you 're so fuckin sexist !, 
   so rather than using her professional faults to discredit her it has been done ad nauseam . 
  shit 's getting boring . 
  also : lower , than t_d ? 
  the hyperbole is real !, 
  also 2 : your moral indignation is quite unconvincing tbh . 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  your labelling of the users on this sub as `` open minded and progressive '' simply shows , that you 're looking for a way to stirr shit . 
   an attempt to discredit her somehow . 
  even more , than she 's doing it herself ? 
  i do n't think that 's possible . 
   or you know , actually go there . 
  ha , you make it sound so easy . 
  of course they can actually go there . 
  on the other hand , as soon as they start posing unwanted questions , the chances for them to come back from there are becoming lower . 
  how many journalists have been killed in the rf lately ? 
  let 's face it , the retarded `` let 's kill the journalist '' tactic is working . 
  doing your job as a journalist , actually became dangerous in the rf . 
  you never know , when the topic you try to write about is going to cost your life , or at least is going to damage your health in a serious way .
