  there are studies showing , that teachers tend to grade pupils with turkish names worse , than pupils with german names . 
  there are real issues here . 
  i am not simply talking about r/europes 's beloved syrian/afghan refugee circlejerk . 
  i am talking about actual immigration and our efforts to integrate those people . 
  absolutely . 
  i actually know at least one person , who would rather rent to a czech guy , than to a `` fischkopp '' ( derogatory term for people from the north ... fishhead ) . 
  maybe not to a turk ... but to an italian ... these people have a very interesting worldview ... 
   i always thoughts that 's where racism was more rampant , no ? 
  maybe open racism , meaning stickers on lamp posts and voting for parties from the right . 
  the people in the south ( bavaria , etc ) are simply more polite about it . 
  but bavaria is still , maybe not racist , but very nationalist and proud . 
  it 's complicated . 
  i 'd say , while a few people in the east are openly and conciously racist , there are quite many people in the south , who are unconciously racist . 
  and i do n't even know , whether i would call it racism . 
  it 's a very strange mixture of `` i like my neighbourhood the way it is now '' and nationalism . 
  i mean , to be fair , they are equally `` racist '' against germans from the north . 
  they simply do n't like outsiders . 
   it better to be honest about yourselves . 
  i agree , but that honesty is useless as long as we do n't learn from the experiences and lessons taught to us through that kind of reflection upon our own ways . 
   we in eastern europe know exactly how it would play out if we had mass imigration : racism , discrimination , contempt , riots . 
  that 's an assumption , turned into a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  not the best ground for reflection . 
  anyways , being honest to yourself should lead to an improvement of yourself . 
  simply realising , that `` we do n't want them '' is not good enough . 
  that attitude is not going to help , it wo n't solve the issue and i am fairly sure , that it got us to where we are now . 
  we need to find a way to make integrating into our society a rewarding achievement and also a feasible thing to do . 
   is it a discrimination , if those people cause trouble on regular basis ? 
  yes it is . 
  it 's not only the renting market , but the job-market and even on sites like mitfahrzentrale.de ( sharing your car with other people when travelling between cities ) aswell . 
  we want them to integrate nicely into our society , but we sure as hell do n't want to be bothered by them , we do n't want to share a car with them and we do n't want to give 'em a job ... actually , hans , i think we 're the baddies here ... 
  i heard about it ... did n't really pay much attention to it . 
  so i do n't really know much about it . 
  some parts of it sound nice , other parts could become problematic . 
  i do n't agree with the notion , that the solution of our traffic problems is prioritizing bike traffic . 
  we still need good infrastructure for cars , too . 
  the `` ring '' ( the city autobahn ) is congested most of the time . 
  and there are only a couple of big avenues collecting traffic from the autobahn and pushing it into the city . 
  and those avenues are congested most of the time aswell . 
  on the other hand i really like the proposal to close `` unter den linden '' for car traffic in future . 
  but yeah , the bike concept is in my opinion simply a pet-peeve of the greens in the local government . 
  it 's part of their programme , so they need to deliver on it . 
  i 'm indifferent to it . 
  hmm ... on a second thought : building new bike lanes etc. 
  would n't be enough . 
  they also need to change public transportation vehicles . 
  there 's no real space for bikes on busses and in the older metro wagons . 
  in the s-bahn you can usually find one or two dedicated spaces , at least in the newer built ones . 
  and that 's actually the most annoying part for me . 
  i do n't ride a bike to work for example . 
  but if the goverment starts its bike programme and it actually succeeds in encouraging all those people to ride a bike , they will flood the public transportation system with bikes . 
  it 's already annoying when you have to share `` normal '' waggons with bike riders , because they simply take away space meant for 3-4 persons without a bike . 
  if the number of bike riders gets boosted through new policies , the daily commute by metro , bus , etc. 
  will become seriously annoying . 
  i think that most `` bike-commuters '' combine the different ways to get to work . 
  they use their bikes , because they do n't want to look for parking spaces . 
  but they do n't ride their bikes the whole way . 
  many take the metro/bus and use the bike for the last bit to and from the stations . 
   despite being a `` rich '' state , you should see the condition of schools , roads , and public transportation in california . 
  completely awful . 
  well , that shows how much i know about california :-) but to be honest , i actually expect pretty much everything in the us named `` public somthing '' to be awful . 
  i think it 's part of the political tradition . 
  public roads ? 
  hahahaha ... why wo n't ya use our toll roads ? 
  public schools ? 
  hahaha ... look at that private school over there . 
  public college ? 
  public parc ? 
  public water supply ... i 'm looking at you flint , mi ... 
  but , tbh , i 'm not really well informed on all those things . 
  they 're simply my perception of the issue . 
  i don `` t have the time to read up on all of them . 
   well to be fair berlin has the amazing skill to literally piss money away when it comes to pubic infrastructure projects . 
  that 's true . 
  but i really hope , that it will become better over time . 
   look no further than their new airport . 
  most people in berlin are seriously annoyed by that shitshow by now . 
  there `` s no good excuse for all the bullshit that happened . 
  but on the other hand , the construction of the elbphilharmonie was a joke aswell . 
  so we 're not alone . 
   that said when i was in berlin a year ago there was actually a lot of construction going on both on the roads and tram . 
  maybe not enough considering berlins size but its as if berlin isnt investing in its infrastructure it 's about time . 
  berlin is still booming like hell and the problem is , that the local government did n't keep up with the things happening here . 
  it is forseeable , that there wo n't be enough classrooms ( literally ) for all the kids , who are born here right now . 
  we have problems not only with infrastructure , but also with schools and kindergartens and even medical care for children . 
  there are n't enough doctors for kids in mitte and pankow for example . 
  the city is growing way too fast and the political side did n't really expect it . 
  so yeah , investing in infrastructure , etc is really paramount by now and i hope , that the problems wo n't get bigger in the near future . 
  but also , there 's one positive aspect to it . 
  our hipster community starts moving to leipzig , because berlin is too mainstream , i guess ... 
  the ammount of restaurants called ------ manufaktur , was too damn high !, 
   it should n't be difficult for germany to spend money on infrastructure . 
  hmm ... but in reality it is . 
  i actually can not find a good example , where it is n't , at least , when you want to satisfy the public demand for transparency and sound spending . 
  not only do you need to take into account our complex political system , as soon as you think about spending money on infrastructure , you also need to respect eu legislation . 
  public work and construction proposals have to be initiated in accordance with national and eu laws . 
  just google the news related to the proposal to build new power line systems crossing germany from north to south . 
  it 's a huge clusterfuck . 
  nobody wants those lines anywhere near them . 
  but it 's an investment into germany 's infrastructure and it 's badly needed , right ? 
  well , nobody gives a shit .
