  i do n't want any kind of `` organization '' to mandate any views . 
  i am merely advocating for let 's call it a `` news/tv-shows/documentaries tv aggregator station '' . 
  the people working for the media outlets of the respective country can provide content for a european tv station . 
  like i said , arte is doing an honorable job but it has a french/german focus with occasional excursions into european issues . 
  something like arte but with more money and possibilities would be nice . 
  their content is made by local teams and , i repeat myself , till now they did n't seem to be overtly biased or having an agenda . 
  i would like to see more of that . 
   but that it would use tax-payer money to push an agenda/bias which the people do not agree with - and could be against their interests . 
  i fail to see how a station promoting differentiated views of the lives of people in different member states would be against the will of the people . 
  a station that could help to get a more informed public on many issues . 
  by that i do n't mean `` good or bad information '' . 
  take malm\u00f6 and molenbeek for example . 
  i did n't know shit about it . 
  i knew that the french banlieues have their share of problems . 
  but what about italy , spain , romania , etc. 
  having a station that has europe as a focus would help a lot . 
  i do n't know shit about many things happening right now around us . 
  why is zeeman so popular ? 
  what 's going on in the baltics , except that they can now into nordic ? 
  having more information , documentaries , etc about things happening there under one `` brand '' or `` roof '' would help a lot and benefit many people . 
  private companies wo n't be able to achieve all this on their own . 
  it 's in the interest of the public to be able to inform and educate themselves . 
  having to scour the internet for information for hours is not helpful . 
   it 's why ( as much as it slows down decision-making ) the only just way to run a supranational organization is to give every member veto power on every decision . 
  yeah , that 's kinda off topic , but i think that this proposal is only going to lead to eternal gridlock in most cases . 
  the actual system of qualified majority is in my view the more feasible way . 
  however , regarding the topic at hand : i am not advocating a supranational tv station . 
  i would prefer a european tv station . 
  with local teams in every country providing content from said countries made by people of those countries . 
  like a news report about the housing market in london , or the important matters in liverpool or something . 
  you get what i 'd like to say ? 
  here in germany i have pretty much no real idea what is happening right now in the uk in a more general way . 
  i get news on brexit and may , but what about the other news . 
  i would need to read your local stuff all the time and that would be overkill . 
  the same applies to the rest of the eu . 
  therfore i would actually like a european tv station which is broadcasting news about all european countries . 
  of course i do n't mean everything , because it would take days to do such a show . 
  but a system which provides insights and news or documentaries made by the people living there for the rest of us . 
  it could improve our understanding of each other . 
  you know , like a r/europe tv station without the occasional hyperbole/agenda , etc. 
  a station which provides everything in one place so that i do n't have to visit bbc then rai , tv5 , etc. . . i do n't even know which news shows for example are viewed as `` reliable '' in the respective countries . 
   see ? 
  i can go to extremes as well . 
  no shit , sherlock !, 
  defending yourself is one thing . 
  calling for the killing of people on the street is an other . 
   they 're fair game to get fucked up for that and i dont care whether they survived or not sadly we in the civilized world must adhere to stupid laws and we have a fuckin judiciary and the police . 
  so annoying . 
  i miss the good old days when we could run around in mobs and just lynch people without a fair trial . 
  i hope this thread does n't descend into some kind of `` free speech '' and `` they are advocating leftist propaganda '' circlejerk . 
  could we discuss the merits of a european tv station ? 
  is it actually doable ? 
  would everything be dubbed into every language , or just into english , or only subtitles , for example . 
  who should pay for it ? 
  is it supposed to make its own content , or could it also use content from national tv stations ? 
  like i said in an other comment : i like arte for example because it broadcasts a few `` nordic '' series . 
  that is something that i would like to see on a european tv station . 
  also , afte reading the sweden bashing threads yesterday . 
  there is obviously quite a big problem with gun violence in malm\u00f6 . 
  something that does n't get reported very much here in germany . 
  i could imagine that a european news show could be used to report on such things . 
  or even maybe produce documentaries about the pressing issues of today . 
  so all in all , i can see the benefits of such a tv station if it manages to provide quality content and to broadcast new information and insight of the different countries . 
   all that is true but it has been like this since 89 . 
  yes , i know . 
  that is what the report also pointed out by saying `` has been dominated by power struggles among political parties since its existence . '', 
  the report is merely pointing out the actual structures , like it does every time when it comes out , till those structures change . 
  i also agree that the ammount of criticism was less during the times of the liberal governments . 
  you are right about that and i get your point . 
  but from our side of the fence the pis guys seemed very intent on making germany a scapegoat for everything that goes wrong in the eu . 
  they have displayed a slightly nationalistic agenda that often went against deeper cooperation , unlike their predecessors . 
  their way of doing politics has a certain effect in the `` western '' countries of the eu which triggers harsh criticism . 
  it is unfair to an extent , you are right about that , but i would like to point out that pis is not without fault regarding these issues . 
  their way to communicate their views `` irks '' a lot of people on the other side of the oder . 
  just sayin ' , i am not attacking anyone in poland , just wanted to tell you how some things are perceived here . 
   the tone of this article higly suggest that such a type of european broadcasting service , would in fact be used as a propaganda device to spread the ` right ' type of opinions . 
  yeah , the tone is kinda skewed got ta admit that . 
  but i still think that a `` ebc '' would be a nice thing to have . 
  i already like arte because they have nice documentaries from different european countries and of course also nice serials from the nordic countries for example . 
  maybe the eu should just boost the financing for arte and expand its broadcasting range . 
  regarding the pluralistic media in poland and hungary i want to add a few things . 
  first you have to take into account that the spiegel is due to its own history very aggresive regarding the influencing tendencies of politics towards media . 
  the spiegel sometimes overshoots its target regarding that issue but i kinda understand where they are coming from . 
  nevertheless i would n't have taken poland as an example for failing pluralism in media . 
  the bertelsmann report is saying : `` people in poland have full access to different sources of information and thus a plurality of opinions . 
  nevertheless , the media are politicized to an extent . 
  in particular , the national broadcasting council ( krritv ) , which has supervisory functions with respect to the state media and is supposed to guarantee freedom of speech , has been dominated by power struggles among political parties since its existence . 
  other incidents demonstrate that political actors occasionally try to influence what is reported in the media and there are cases where prosecutors and police overstep their competencies . 
  ( page7 `` freedom of expression '' here : http://www.bti-project.org/fileadmin/files/bti/downloads/reports/2016/pdf/bti_2016_poland.pdf ) hungary on the other hand is slipping into a bad direction right now . 
  gon na quote bertelsmann again : `` led by prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n , the fidesz -- kdnp government consolidated its power by undermining and removing democratic checks and balances . 
  the governing fidesz elites and their affiliated business groups expanded their control over the media system by buying one of hungary 's two largest private tv channels , tv2 , and subjecting the other , rtl klub , to a prohibitive tax . 
  independent print and online media continue to exist , but the government tried to tax access to the latter and selectively channels state advertisements to pro-government media outlets . '', 
  ( page 2 here : https://www.bti-project.org/fileadmin/files/bti/downloads/reports/2016/pdf/bti_2016_hungary.pdf ), 
   dude , i am a csu voter this is such a random thing to say in this context , you got me kinda baffled here :-) and i did n't want to imply what you obviously think that i tried to imply . 
  what i wanted to say is that merkel is fully aware of the fact that she wo n't be able to control steinmeier and that steinmeier is not intending to make life easy for her just because he suddenly is supposed to be impartial . 
  what i also wanted to imply is that there are a lot of continuities between his former office and his new one , including staff . 
  therefore he has an own idea about how brexit should go and how not and how the european future should be shaped . 
  and those ideas are of course closer to his spd point of view . 
  he is obviously not the kind who is going to take revenge on anybody . 
  he till now always seemed to me like the `` constructive '' guy .
