  they prepared for it for some time now , invested a significant share of resources and need now results to achieve quite a few goals : new recruits , new funds , good pictures for the pr department , destabilizing an important region of the world and of course fighting their perceived enemies . 
  and we will play right into their hands , when we start running around like headless chicken after the next attack and , when we will demand stricter policies against muslims and , when we will demand swift and heavy attacks against their strongholds . 
  it 's the eternal circle of terror . 
  yeah no shit ... election season is terror season . 
  is n't it curious how islamists really want us to vote for those , who are advocating the most extreme measures ( on a political scale ) against islamists and actually muslims overall ? 
  i wonder why ... / s, 
  waiting for the usual suspects to show up and start complaining ... something something soros ... pepsi ... protesting for `` fun '' ... they 're not 10000 + , maybe a few hundred ... leftist liberals ... the usual bullshit . 
  anyways , on topic , why are they protesting now ? 
  did the situation get worse lately ? 
  and who are they protesting exactly ? 
  a few persons or whole organisations ? 
   the eurohawk . 
  germany tried slightly modifying an israeli/american drone , cost 1,1 billion euro , nearly crashed into a civilian airliner , and could not achieve the necessary permit to be allowed to fly . 
  the project is scrapped now . 
  yeah , the eurohawk was a big failure regarding the way how the whole project was handled . 
  but it also shows , that you 're talking about technology which has n't been implemented at all . 
  the gaf has been using the heron for a while now and is thinking about keeping it . 
  the eurohawk was abslolute overkill . 
  there is no need for such a drone in the german bundeswehr . 
   sources are posted a reply below , but here 's one for the helicopter . 
  so your source for this specific issue is a blog entry from 2015 ? 
  ok then . 
  and you 're writing again about technology , which was n't implemented at all . 
  the nh90 is fliying for the gaf and the army . 
  the navy will keep using the lynx and the king . 
  they do n't face any issues flying aircraft above the sea . 
  besides the usual problems regarding the technical reliabilty of such old airframes . 
  but that 's not a bundeswehr-specific problem . 
  every bigger army is facing those kind of issues . 
  the safety standards in aviation , especially in military aviation , are very high . 
  that 's the cause for the grounding of many aircrafts in different countries . 
  the f35 faced quite a few of those , just like the f15 when one aircraft broke up mid-air during a training sortie . 
  also , this sentence is a joke  there are said to be days with not a single rotary wing aircraft available in the german navy . 
  yeah , no shit sherlock . 
  when there are only 4-5 aircraft left in the squadron , days like those happen quite often . 
  2 aircraft are `` holy '' most of the time , because they 're kept for sar duties . 
  so they stand ready on the apron and ca n't be used for daily training sorties . 
  2-3 aircraft are deployed on board of ships . 
  3-4 aircraft are in maintenance . 
  and 3 aircraft are in donauw\u00f6rth for upgrades , which take a few months . 
  so in a best case scenario you are left with about 5 aircraft for the actual flying . 
  on average 3 of them have technical issues . 
  so you have 2 left . 
  and that 's a normal day . 
  nothing special for a navy with 2 squadrons . 
  so to sum it up . 
  you picked aviation for your assesment of the standards of the bundeswehr , which is a joke , considering the fact , that aviation is in every army a `` problem '' due to high safety standards . 
  technical issues , especially during the implemetation phase of new aircraft are absolutely common . 
  the f35 programe is way behind schedule . 
  and i would n't call the usaf and us navy a joke because of that . 
  the bundeswehr so far managed to fulfil its duties . 
  considering that it is underfinanced and has to work with old equipment it is actually quite efficient . 
  old rotary aircraft , especially for the navy , will remain a problem , because there is not much new aircraft planned . 
  the mh90 is no alternative for the german navy and the uk merlin is too big for german ships . 
  there 's no real french alternative and the us navy is using either the same equipment ( seakings ) or bigger aircraft . 
  the seahawk was considered an alternative , but the aircraft is actually pretty old too by now . 
  it would solve reliability issues only for a short time . 
  i 'd really like to see all your sources to be honest . 
  also : which drones ? 
  and really ... please provide sources . 
  i 'm especially interested in the helicopter part . 
  last time i spoke to my buddies , flying over water was not an issue . 
  anyways , i 'm not very interested in defending my ex colleagues still serving in our armed forces , because the bundeswehr has admittedly quite a few real issues , especially regarding the introduction of new flying material into operations . 
  but the personnel operating abroad managed to do so in a professional way , regardless of the problems they have to face . 
  also the bundeswehr is still managing to deploy regularly for its nato air policing duties in the baltics and to fulfil its share in eu and nato operations . 
  calling the bundeswehr one big screw up without providing any sources causes me to doubt your opinion on every level . 
   but without actually putting in the time and study the issue . 
  and then people actually put in the time and effort and actually study those things and they become experts on certain issues ... and it all does n't really matter , because on reddit nobody gives a shit about the opinion of people who actually studied things . 
  they 're all leftist libtard sjws with an agenda and the places where those people study should be closed because they are baaaaaaaaaaad , reeeeeeeeeeeeee oh wait ... you meant `` reading blogs '' ... my bad . 
  i 'll leave now ... 
  a rigged referendum ... by an almost autocrat regime ? 
  that was unexpected ... / s i am pretty sure that there is some kind of handbook for autocrat regimes out there . 
  you know , like the otpor handbook for protesting 20 years ago ... 
  i have this feeling , that `` the other side '' took the otpor handbook , adapted to the recommendation for civil disobedience in it and as an additional measure decided to print its own `` handbook for establishing autocrat regimes '' which is getting circulated now whenever those guys ( yeah , i mean putin ) are meating . 
   what is the biggest threat to the stability of the global economy right now ? 
  the `` biggest '' threat ... sure ... the hyperbole is real , but let ` s continue ...  in effect , germany has become an economic rogue state , hollowing out the industry of its neighbours an economic rogue state ... hollowing out neighbours ... that 's some superb fiction here ...  creating vast flows of footloose capital and undermining the stability of the financial system . 
  somehow i forgot that germany is the financial capital of the world and has a track record of undermining the stability of the financial system . 
  let us forget about lehman , libor , etc. ... not destabilizing at all , nono ... i am the puppet . 
   it is time the rest of the world stood up to it and demanded the germans bring it under control . 
  if they do n't , it may well be the cause of the next crash . 
  now , all of a sudden , we start worrying about the next possible crash ? 
  the hypocrisy ...  with every month that passes , the german trade surplus just keeps growing and growing . 
  the trade surplus has been growing since the early 90s . 
  but now it somehow needs an extraordinary amount of attention , just like mentioned at the beginning of the article . 
  i 'm curious what the actual difference is right now ? 
  i would n't bet on `` world-wide financial stability '' as the motivation . 
  the uk/us did n't give a single shit so far about that ...  germany by itself accounts for virtually the entire eurozone surplus with the rest of the world . 
  virtually the entire eurozone !, 
  reeeeeeeeeeee  indeed , for much of the 1990s , germany ran deficits , not surpluses . 
  germany had to manage the consequences of the reunification with east-germany and still managed to have a positive balance for the 90s . 
  http://de.tradingeconomics.com/germany/balance-of-trade . 
  this guy is cherrypicking time periods any way he likes . 
  he is blatantly distorting the context . 
   it is only in the last decade it has exploded out of control , mainly in the last five years . 
  now he 's actually getting closer to the truth . 
  i nevertheless would n't call it out of control . 
  the financial system has been out of control for decades without german assistance . 
  the national banks have been running extreme policies to keep everything together but the causes for those imbalances obviously do n't seem worthy of our attention . 
  at least not as much as the german trade imbalance . 
  which is destroying the world , while the us is deregulating the banking sector even more ...  most plausibly , the euro , which remains the most dysfunctional monetary system ever created ... the most dysfunctional monetary system ... so we 're back to hyperbole .
