  besides , even if we go there , russians have the luxury of 60 years of history to see what happened the last time . 
  so if they decide that they want to go their own way and to call the west decadent then , for me , it means that they mean it . 
  they have all the information they need . 
  it 's 2017 and not 1933 . 
  for me it 's an informed decission . 
  they want it to be this way . 
  as far as i am concerned i am ready to accept that and let them be russians . 
  if they want to be european ( which also means not killing opposition politicians , respecting the rule of law , respecting the sovereignity of neighbouring countries for example , or for what it 's worth as you put it : democracy , separation of powers , human rights , rule of law ) they are welcome to call themselves european . 
  as long as they do what they do , for me at least , they are not european . 
  it was a woman who fought for the right to serve in the armed forces in germany . 
  most of the time it is men who oppose women in the armed forces . 
  so it 's kinda cynical of you to blame women for that . 
  in general the law-makers themselves are againt equal rights for women regarding this issue . 
  besides , why the hell should women pay 50 % of their wage to men who are drafted ? 
  start this kind of shitty approach and you get yourself a whole new discussion about what men contribute . 
  in this case i will opt for men to pay at least 40 % of their wage to women who stay at home and take care of the kids . 
  those women often ca n't pay into some kind of pension scheme for that time and are poorer at the end of their career . 
  and let 's be fair , those women are doing society a favor for staying at home and taking care of our future generations . 
   not to mention that russia has of course subscribed to `` european '' ( what you actually mean is `` western '' ) values at times - peter the great , the liberal revolutionaries in 1905 and also 1917 . 
  i mean european values . 
  i do n't think , that `` western '' values exist . 
  you maybe would like to call them `` western '' , but i do n't think that we in europe have exactly the same values like in the us . 
  looking at the way we tend to build our welfare states should be a pretty obvious indicator for differences between their worldview and ours . 
   not to mention that russia has of course subscribed to `` european '' ( what you actually mean is `` western '' ) values at times - peter the great , the liberal revolutionaries in 1905 and also 1917 . 
  oh yes , exactly !, 
  peter , the tsar , he subscribed to them , because he thought that his own peasentry was way too unsophisticated and that it needs an influx of new ideas . 
  because he thought that his bureaucratic system was way too inefficient . 
  and the `` liberal revolutionaries '' ? 
  they did n't survive that long , did n't they ? 
  somehow lenin and his friends decided to start a rather illiberal union . 
  also , we 're back at my first point . 
  the russian elites subscribed to european ideas , because they were en vogue then . 
  the russian people decided that the soviet union was nicer , than some liberal european utopia . 
   it is also a bit arrogant when french , germans or english declare their western traditions `` european '' . 
  oh the irony . 
  but anyways , they ( we ) did it first . 
  the rest of europe is free to come up with a different set of values and see if it gets the same traction . 
  our political system is defined by those west-european states and their traditions . 
  our liberal societies are defined by ideas developed by people who once lived in those countries . 
  the eu is a consequence of west-european thinking . 
  but to get back to the irony : so we ca n't declare those traditions european , but you can declare russians european , although they do n't really like being called that . 
  we are arrogant , but you are not ? 
  take a look at the twitter account of the russian embassy in the uk . 
  it will give you a nice picture of what russia thinks about europe and our `` european '' nature . 
   and that means russian culture is part of europe since it is slavic . 
  case closed . 
  i said it 's a part of europe . 
  i did n't say that it is european . 
  or if you really insist , we will have to accept that turkey is just as much european as russia . 
   only very recently people started to call themselves european and work towards a common state . 
  yes exactly !, 
  that 's what `` european '' means to me . 
  working towards a common state defined by a core set of european values , which have been developed through centuries worth of debate ignited by thinkers like rousseau , locke , kant , etc. 
  sorry to offend you , but the slavic culture did n't participate in this debate . 
  that 's one of the reasons why we have the `` 2-speed-discussion '' now after the eastern expansion . 
  after all the years we start to realize that people in the east do n't really subscribe to the same european values . 
  therefore yes , we should have an honest debate about how european you really are ? 
  we started the club , we told you what the club was about , we invited you into the club . 
  now you start telling us that it is a shitty club and you do n't like it the way it is and that we should stop having this club because it obviously is a failure . 
   guess from where was marx that created all that shit ? 
  from germany ? 
  guess where marxism did n't work out . 
  yep , in the west . 
  we decided to have capitalism instead with a welfare state attached . 
  guess who took a european idea , again , and fucked it up , again . 
  playing the guessing game is such fun . 
  anyways , in my opinion we should let the russians find their own way now , without telling them what they supposedly should be . 
  oh wait , i guess they 're doing it already . 
  the russian way ...  come one , think please before you post stuff like this . 
  almost the whole world at some point belonged to european countries !, 
  yes is n't that funny . 
  and some of those countries actually `` belong '' to the eu although they 're not in europe . 
  somehow r\u00e9union and co are able to vote for their ep deputies . 
  are they not `` european '' ? 
  but anyways , what makes georgia , armenia and even kazakhstan less `` european '' then ? 
  i mean armenia is actually kinda christian . 
  that should make them even more european ... or something . 
  and kazakhstan is part of europe , geographically . 
  what makes them less european then . 
  i guess they are not slavic , right ? 
  if they 're not slavs then they ca n't be european . 
  is that how it works ? 
  what are we doing with the russians who are not slavs ? 
  does denmark subscribe to a core set of european ideas ? 
  does it have a system that accepts pluralism of opinion , one that also ensures that the checks and balances system is not going to get destroyed , does it have a free press and a judicial system that can be viewed as independent of major political powers . 
  does it accept the lgbt community and the rule of law , that ensures , that everybody gets the same treatment in court ? 
  does it accept the borders drawn many years ago and does it respect the sovereignity of its neighbours ? 
  i guess it does , which in my eyes makes it european . 
  now try answering those questions for russia and putin . 
  i said it a few times before in this thread , but in my opinion , being a geographical part of europe is not going to make a country european . 
  and to expand on this point . 
  in russia 's case this is even more true , because russia is the biggest country on earth . 
  russia simply does n't fit the europe/asia definition . 
  russia is russian . 
  and just like i said in another comment : we ourselves often do n't know what `` european '' means . 
  many here do n't even know what the core `` european values '' are , which are the foundation of the eu . 
  if it would be up to them `` european '' would be something about `` multikulti , liberalism and gay rights '' . 
  `` and we do n't want any of that '' . 
  but suddenly quite a few people here try to tell me that russia is definitely `` european '' . 
  the one country , that right now tries the hardest to destroy europe as it is now .
