  so yep , why take the high-road and behave like a human , when you can behave like a nazi and kill and rape your way through enemy territories , too ? 
  hmm ... makes sense ... such logic , much wow . 
  and third : obviously triggered , xaxaxaxa . 
  you linked to the religious differences wiki page . 
  according to the ethnicities page there are only 24 % russians . 
  but it 's actually unimportant , because the main point still would remain : is a minority of 24 % a good reason to call estonia `` eastern european '' . 
  i fail to see a causality . 
  meh ... you 're bad at this . 
  i 've seen better attempts at trolling . 
  sad, 
  at least they did n't rape any women this time and they decided not to steal watches from dead enemies ... it 's a form of progress , i guess . 
  you have to see the positive side . . 
  hungary , poland , czechia * eastern europe * ... and even estonia ( obviously can not into nordics in this graph ) and latvia and lithuania ... this is not going to end well , hahahaa someone used some veeeeeeeeeeeeery broad definitions of european regions :-) edit : ah well , i guess my comment can be misinterperted very easy . 
  i do n't think , that there is a `` difference '' between eastern and western and southern , etc europe . 
  i mean a value-based difference , which would make them `` stupider '' or something , compared to other nations . 
  i find the graph actually quite bad , because it creates the impression that there is a simple answer regarding a complex issue . 
  i mean , a correlation between these two factors is plausible , but causality is far from given . 
  it disregards many more , equally important factors . 
  but anyways , my comment was actually aimed at the fact , that the author ( a ) used some very bad definitions and ( b ) was an idiot for actually using them , because it does n't make any sense at all to include european regions as information into the graph . 
  making it a comparison between the countries would be completely sufficient . 
  but even then , the graph is in my eyes not very useful as a stand-alone graph . 
   gay rights is a non issue xaxa , those homosexuals clearly think differently , but who cares as long as the `` majority '' agrees to marginalize them . 
   the fact is that if western media were objective they could look at the statistics in the last 15 years for russia and see that every social indicator has progressed oh that 's peachy and all thanks to the really good policies of the edinaya rossiya leadership , right ? 
  sadly the few people who tried to tell a different story got shot on the streets repeatedly , somehow leaving us `` westerners '' doubting how true all those success stories are . 
  and the statistics : yeah , the ones you picked improved . 
  good job . 
   direct democracy is the way to go , i always say . 
  i personally dislike direct democracy on a national level . 
  referendums get abused quite often lately ( see turkey ) . 
  on a communal level on the other hand it is quite ok , because people only get to vote on their `` limited '' issue . 
  i 'd say that the most important factors to hold a government accountable are the people ( through protesting and political work ) and even more , an independent and effective judiciary ( i guess hungary lost that one on the way ) and an independent and trustworthy media ( that one got lost on the way , too , but not only in hungary ... ) . 
  i mean , even in the case that a newspaper would manage to uncover some gigantic corrupt colluding in this case , i somehow have the feeling that the judiciary would n't really intervene . 
  that poncho stadium should have been grounds enough for some kind of thorough investigation . 
  the whole fuckin felcs\u00fat town actually . 
  i 'm just completely amazed how the hungarian people do n't have the possibility to actually do something . 
  how all this shit is actually legal . 
  that 's amazing . 
  but yeah , i guess as long as you keep the immigrants out you can be as corrupt as you want . 
  no real opposition , no political alternative , i really would like to be reborn as orb\u00e1n . 
  what does his girlfriend look like ? 
   however we do n't know any , because the documents have been classified for 50 years . 
  just like any other contract with russian companies . 
  how the hell does that work actually ? 
  i get classifying documents , which could jeopardize national security ( like military stuff , etc ) , but contract between russian private companies and the hungarian government should n't be secret . 
  how the hell are you supposed to hold your government accountable ... besides voting twice in a decade ... 
  meh , that 's ok . frauke was actually their `` amicable '' face in the party . 
  with gauland they pretty much shoot themselves in the foot . 
  you ca n't even try to sell him as a capable politician . 
  and we already have a few incapable ones , therefore it would n't make sense to vote one just to spite the `` establishment '' . 
  he also managed to be borderline racist so many times already , that people wo n't really think about voting for him . 
  and the female candidate ?!, 
  nobody knows her . 
  and picking a lesbian is a retarded strategy . 
  considering that afd many voters are male and actually wealthy and also actually very conservative , i would n't hold my breath for them to warm up to the idea of voting for a lesbian . 
  and last : voting for a party , which denies climate change in its party programe and actually thinks that co2 is something good , is just simply dumb . 
  i expected their immigration policies , but the rest is pretty much retarded . 
  so you can vote csu if you want stricter immigration laws and you still do n't have to disregard science completely . 
  `` die alternative '' failed at being an alternative . 
  yeah , maybe it could have been an option years ago , but the german navy decided to stick with the nh90 , after a contract change , which forces the `` industry '' to adress the corrosion problems . 
  so they plan to get the first helicopters in 2019 . 
  till then the navy is going to use the mk41 , at least the few that are flying . 
   but these issues all are fundamentally issues of funding . 
  if a system is so old that you can not get spare parts to do proper maintenance , maybe you should look into replacing it ? 
  meh , it 's not that easy , at least for the flying side . 
  tralls are getting slowly replaced by the a400m and the hueys are supposed to be replaced by the nh90 . 
  you know both of them , because it takes much longer than anticipated . 
  the eurofighter was called `` j\u00e4ger90 '' but we 're almost in 2020 and that thing is still not fully operational . 
  what i want to say is that replacing those systems is n't as easy as long there 's politics in it and as long as there are not many alternatives . 
  take the trall for example . 
  we get now the a400m for it . 
  the alternative was the c130 ( maybe j ) and the other available system is the casa c235/295 . 
  the c130 allegedly was n't an option , because it was n't a european aircraft . 
  the casa was too small . 
  so we needed a comletely new model , because there 's nothing else on the market . 
  helicopters : the mk41 should have been replaced by the mh90 . 
  but it turned out , that you could n't use it over water and that there were some other troubles with it . 
  the alternative is the uk merlin ( with 3 engines ) but it 's too big for german ships . 
  the french do n't have similar helicopters in development and the other nations are using the nh90 or the seaking . 
  there is simply no viable alternative , which would be compatible with german navy ships at the moment . 
  so we have to keep looking . 
  the only alternative is the seahawk but the seahawk is `` old '' itself . 
  you would buy a `` youngtimer '' to replace an oldtimer . 
  you would simply gain maybe 20 years , but after that you would get the same problems again . 
  the tornado : is simply way too specialized for its role to be simply replaced . 
  and the gaf still has to provide certain capabilites within its nato commitment . 
  the gaf is the only air force within nato that is still able to provide dedicated fast recce ( that 's why we had to fly the tornados to incirlik ) and [ ecr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panavia_tornado#tornado_ecr ) . 
  the eurofighter was n't meant as a replacement for those roles . 
  therefore we have to keep the tornados for a few years more . 
  the ch53 : is way too special . 
  there is no replacement for it in that weight category . 
  the nh90 is smaller and the chinook is way bigger . 
  so we either decide to keep using it , or we do it like the dutch and start buying chinooks . 
  but there 's no viable alternative for the weight class of the ch53 . 
  so all in all , replacing aircraft is not easy . 
  there are n't many alternatives on the market . 
  the antifa ( at least in germany ) is seen as a general [ movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-fascist_action ) not as a single organization . 
  the communist party was banned as a political party . 
  you still can be a communist in germany . 
  and there is still a [ communist party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_germany_ ( 1990 ) in germany . 
  but that party is not the same as the one that got banned .
