  i do n't get this point . 
  since when is rothschild anti-globalist and why is it even a point worth mentioning . 
  if he would have worked for hsbc nobody would give a shit . 
  good thing he did n't work for soros , i guess . 
  alex jones would go nuts ... 
  meh ... that 's only half of the truth and i guess you also know it perfectly well ... 
  article 3c says : no state aircraft of a contracting state shall fly over the territory of another state or land thereon without authorization by special agreement or otherwise , and in accordance with the terms thereof . 
  also the aviation world changed and there are newer [ regulations ] ( http://www.icao.int/apac/meetings/2012_cmc/cir330_en.pdf ) which are actually adressing exactly this issue . 
  1.2.3 as a consequence of article 3 , in particular subparagraph 3 ( d ) , states are required to safeguard navigation of civil aircraft when setting rules for their state aircraft . 
  this leaves it up to the individual state to regulate these operations and services , generating a wide diversity of military regulations . 
  however , especially in congested airspace , ** harmonized regulation is a precondition for a safe , efficient and ecologically sustainable aviation system . 
  ** ... not communicating with athensfir is not going to help . 
  and obviously the turkish leadership is not interested in safeguarding `` navigation of civil aircraft when setting rules for their state aircraft . '', 
  the region mentioned is actually frequented quite often by civil aircraft and several routes lead through that [ airspace ] ( http://www.eurocontrol.int/sites/default/files/content/documents/nm/cartography/erc04l-30mar2017.pdf ) . 
  i would n't mind if they would fly some low level vfr bullshit at 500 ' agl . 
  but they obviously use the upper airspace too quite often , which makes this bullshit quite unsafe for civil aircraft . 
  but whatever , this whole shitshow is the usual [ circlejerk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute ) the turkish af really likes to start every season again . 
  i guess it wo n't end anytime soon . 
  you 're late to the party ... but thanks for commenting on a dead thread anyway . 
  gud input , comrade , here 's your cookie ;-) but actually , now that most people have left this shitty thread ... how is it , that the amount of bad trolling became so high lately ? 
  i mean , you people do n't even try anymore . 
  the other guy running around here got some nice points , but he was clearly lacking any real skill , or finesse . 
  10 years ago , when / b / was actually fun and new , this kind of `` provocative '' comments were also new and funny . 
  but now , they seem so outdated . 
  i mean , you simply threw in a half-hearted comment and my reaction to it , here irl in front of my pc was : meh . 
  take a look at t_d or / r/memeconomy ... that 's actually cool shit right there . 
  you know , some real creative bullshit . 
  i can respect that . 
  there are people who actually have a talent for it . 
  but here : one sentence , redundant shit . 
  it 's boring . 
  i mean it . 
  i can really enjoy some good memery and i actually miss the gud ole times of / b / . 
  this shit here is so dull ... calling you a faggot , would n't give me the slightest satisfaction . 
  it 's actually sad . 
  people like you actually discredit the good and talented guys , who really elevated trolling to above kindergarten level ... 
  your comment was n't infuriating , funny , exciting , or whatever you wanted to achieve . 
  it was dull and i simply do n't understand , why you do n't want to put some effort into it . 
  who taught you this shit ? 
  where did you learn such bad style ? 
  you need to expand your horizon . 
  though , i must admit , that good trolling is hard to find ... 
   he talked only about the tower this irks me ... it 's a `` turret '' in english . 
  just fyi , no criticism here or anything , but `` tower '' makes you `` sound '' strange :-) tanks have turrets . 
  ... funnily enough in german it 's also a `` tower '' ( gesch\u00fctz * turm * ), 
  somehow , i ca n't prove it , but i have that * feeling * , that the longer i watch this video , the more braincells `` up there '' die . 
  i rather stick to alcohol ... it 's more fun . 
  also : are we going to be exposed to this kind of bullshit till the 2nd round of the elections ? 
  really ? 
  oh boy ... this year is gon na be such fun ... ca n't wait for the german elections . 
   most jews here support wilders . 
  oh really , i guess you know what you 're talking about . 
   i could n't spot a jew in a synagogue . 
  i have no clue who are and are n't jewish in my country . 
  and i 'm sure most dutch are the same . 
  hey , wait a minute ... 
   ridiculous amounts that 's a very tangible number you have there , but whatever . 
  the issue of rapes during wwii is quite complex . 
  the literature i 've read on it is far from being able to provide a final statement . 
  which is ok . 
  the problems arise in the methodology used to estimate the numbers of rapes . 
  one essay i 've read used the numbers of abortions in berlin after the battle for berlin for example . 
  i 'm just pointing this out , because i am actually interested in the topic from an academic point of view . 
  but anyways . 
  i do n't see why people feel the need to point out how bad the nazis behaved . 
  that 's pretty uncontested . 
  they were very barbaric . 
  i did n't imply anything to the contrary . 
  what i actually find very peculiar is that the russian government chose to celebrate an event that is quite painful for germans , not because it ended the nazi regime , but because of the things that happened during that particular event . 
  by that i mean the violence against women . 
  when i think of the american side , i remember d-day for example . 
  a day , that can be celebrated by all sides involved today , because it clearly shows how the americans ( and french and english and other nationalities ) sacrificed a lot of young men in order to defeat a barbaric regime . 
  you know , an event , that somehow manages to unite us all while remembering the sacrifices that have been made . 
  the russian could be `` nice '' for once and maybe choose an event , which would also commemorate the sacrifices without reminding us of the atrocities that happened during those few days . 
  they could reenact the battle for stalingrad for example . 
  would be equally heroic and equally important from a historical point of view . 
  but nope , they decide to reenact berlin . 
  and then russians wonder that berlin did n't want to use the russian flag on the brandenburg gate weeks ago after the terrorist attack in st. petersburg . 
  you ca n't ignore , that we have a complicated history together and picking this particular event is not going to help . 
  i , personally , do n't have nazi ancestors . 
  i also did n't defend any nazis . 
  i pointed out that the battle for `` berlin '' this time at least happened in a more civilized manner ... compared to the battle a few decades ago . 
  you took that remark to go off on a tirade about nazis/germans ( you somehow do n't seem to differentiate between them , which gives way to the impression , that you have some real unresolved issues with germans in more general terms ) . 
  i kept on pointing out , that your arguments are really , reaaaaalllly strange . 
  you can scroll through my comments and point out , where exactly i defended nazi atrocities ... be my guest . 
   i hope you 'll come to learn that the only way to progress is democracy not far right or left ideologies says the guy , who keeps propagating the idea , that killing and raping people under certain circumstances is absolutely ok , especially if it involves a certain group of people . 
  it seems to be quite the extreme ideology to me , i certainly would n't call you a democrat , based on the comments . 
  but unlike you , i wo n't assume your political leanings out of the blue , based on a few comments ... 
  says the nazi ... 
   the germans got off easy . 
  the soviets should 've done a lot more than just raped the scum . 
  germans supported the killings and hellish actions of the military so that makes them equal to those who fought on the eastern front . 
      once again i hope all you nazi 's get killed whew , you seem like a reasonable human being / s, 
  i was actually simply alluding to the strange definition used in the graph . 
  tbh i do n't even know , why there is a division of countries following `` european regions '' . 
  the author should have simply used the countries without any `` regional colors '' imo . 
  the adding of the regional information ( which is pretty inaccurate , imo ) does n't add to the informational value of the graph . 
  bwahaha , you 're funny dude . 
  first : great whataboutism . 
  second : according to your logic soviet rape is really ok , because the nazis killed and raped , too .
