  often seen in criminology and also sociology . 
  like the article mentions crimes get underreported by `` default '' . 
  it 's not that `` the government '' is going to falsify numbers for some kind of agenda , like some people here are surely going to imply in a few moments . 
  crimes often do n't get reported because they are perceived as unimportant ( like a stolen bike , and the owner thinks that it does n't mattter anyway , because the police does n't care at all . 
  so he simply does n't report it ) . 
  an other major factor can also be that the perpetrator is a family member . 
  and the third factor often seen is that the reporting person is actually involved himself in the crime or in an other crime . 
  there are a few individual reasons . 
  scientific papers i 've read showed that when asked anonymously many people tend to report crimes they were the victim of . 
  but they shy away to do so , when they need to do it officially for the mentioned reasons . 
  also , one other important aspect why these things do n't get publicized often is that authorities actually do n't want the people to realize that , statistically seen , crime actually pays . 
  it can be viewed as a threat to societal cohesion when people realize that criminals do n't get caught as often as believed . 
  in germany i read somewhere ( do n't remember where ) that the estimate is that about 50 % of crimes do n't get reported . 
   in treptower park , no ? 
  no , although i would say that this is the main of the 4 memorials in berlin . 
  funfact , the girl in the arms of the soldier is modelled after the daughter of the `` stadtkommandant '' of the time alexander georgijewitsch kotikow . 
  it was his daughter swetlana . 
  the tanks are in [ https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sowjetisches_ehrenmal_ ( tiergarten ) ] ... ca n't link to the russian wiki site , the formatting gets screwed somehow . 
  yeah well , the offer stands . 
  i know where to find the tank :-), 
  this whole thing is getting confusing . 
  the papers are throwing around the same numbers but they are absolutely inconclusive . 
  also you have to keep in mind that this is the cologne police reporting . 
  but the federal police was there too . 
  the federal police was talking about 2000 persons , cologne police said that they checked about 2500 persons . 
  but many of them seem to have been checked several times , therfore adding up to 2500 . 
  here is the interim report of the cologne police : http://www.presseportal.de/blaulicht/pm/12415/3534377 the tl : dr is : the special investigation group is still working on details . 
  they can say so far that they did n't find the same persons as in 2015 ( so nobody came for the `` second round '' ) . 
  they are working together with the federal police and police from other european cities to figure out the movements of the persons who came to cologne . 
  10 people are working on it . 
  cologne police can confirm that there were about 2000 persons who have been checked . 
  they also confirm that only 3 sexual offenses have been reported so far . 
  the numbers : they managed to identify 674 persons . 
  they only managed to identify the nationality of 425 persons ?!, 
  so they know who they are but they do n't know from where they come ? 
  99 iraqis , 94 syrians , 48 afghans , and 46 germans . 
  17 were moroccans and 13 algerians . 
  that 's 317 . 
  what 's up with the rest ? 
  these reports are garbage imo . 
  i would really like to see the final report which is also supposed to answer the question why they came to cologne and from where . 
  and i concurr that the news should be taken with caution . 
  i am aware that people would like to say that the police got it wrong ( i am no fan of racial profiling and the word nafri ) . 
  but nevertheless the numbers presented are still preliminary and they do n't support any side imo . 
  and furthermore : 2000 persons have been checked . 
  674 have been identified . 
  i could n't find a source saying whether this is intentional . 
  or whether the police is still working on identifying the rest . 
  or whether the rest turned out to be not of interest at all and the police is just concentrating on the 674 for some reason . 
  so are we going to ever find out from where the rest was or is it irrelevant ? 
  this makes this whole thing completely murky . 
  oh please , do n't disturb their bubble . 
  this is how democracy works , at least that 's what they tell us . 
  or let me rephrase it : `` we do n't accept criticism , but we have the right to criticise everybody else , because we know the real true truth about the truth '' . 
  sorry dude , got banned from your glorious subreddit :-) ca n't answer you there anymore . 
  i guess the censorship works very well on your side . 
  anyways . 
  i 'd really like to meet you in person . 
  i 'm just curious what kind of person you are in real life . 
  if you manage to come to berlin , send me a message . 
  should be fun . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  xaxaxa , i just got banned today from r/russia for arguing with a hysterical woman . 
  i have the feeling that banning is viewed as a sport there . 
  anyways , i find it funny how often i read `` i got banned on r/russia for '' on this subreddit :-), 
  read my comment on the r/russia thread you opened about me . 
  have a nice day :-), 
  i think you are mad brah ... you should take your meds again . 
  just a friendly suggestion ^ ^, 
  seems like a win for everyone . 
  i did n't check , are you mad now ? 
  yep , why not ?!, 
  i mean in all seriousnes , what 's there to lose ? 
  russia never cared for the living , so they would n't give a shit anyway if they would lose a few million people . 
  and on our side ?!, 
  meh , we would get used to it . 
  we have at least 4 years of trump/putin ahead of us . 
  we could use the time and do something crazy . 
  maybe we could watch the world burn . 
  so instead of playing all this passive agressive bullshit kindergarten games , we should just fight it out again . 
  the years after the last war were actually pretty nice according to many old people who survived it . 
  and let 's be realistic . 
  nobody wants to have all those armies and never use them . 
   i guess we are dealing with a bit of personal expierence here . 
  not tolstoy still . 
  you are funny mate . 
  it 's like arguing with a 2 year old ... `` you are a wanker !, 
  you are the wanker !, 
  '' , hahahahahaha . 
  such a smartie . 
   what exactly you now about my world view ? 
  as much as you know about mine . 
  does n't hinder you to tell me what i think at all . 
  or to assume the wildest things about my political views obviously . 
  you are funny , you know , like a clown :-)  blabla , cause of the war in mena . 
  why there is war in mena ? 
  , blabla and that is the reason why you are posting links about a report by the office of a green party senator in berlin ?!, 
  hahahaha , i am repeating myself here , but , you are funny . 
  global stage ... local politics in berlin ... hmm ... some divine sense of logic . 
  my mortal mind is just not gud enaff for zis shit .
