  please feel free to downvote . 
  in my opinion this map lacks important data . 
  the romanian church belongs to the orthodox catholic church for example while the polish people are predominantly members of the catholic church . 
  the orthodox church does n't answer to the pope in rome and is a different entity . 
  in germany the people in the south are catholics , while the people in the east and to the north are predominantly protestants . 
  you have similar divisions in the uk of course . 
  this map implies ( through the colouring ) that there is some kind of united christianity in europe , which is misleading to be honest . 
  the major branches were and sometimes still are cause for conflict in different regions . 
  that 's my only critique . 
  no they did n't . 
  consulates and embassies simply differ in the scope of their duties . 
  embassies represent the interests of the state consulates are there to take care of the administrative things for citizens of the state in that foreign country . 
  that 's the short answer regarding the differences between the 2 . 
  : `` foreign country '' , embassies are not foreign soil . 
  they are simply exempt of local jurisdiction . 
  therefore , local law enforcment , etc can not enter the premisses or the embassy itself without consent . 
  that would be a breach of the [ vienna convention on diplomatic relations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_convention_on_diplomatic_relations ) . 
  if you want to read up on the topic the [ diplomatic mission ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diplomatic_mission ) wiki page has the short answer : `` contrary to popular belief , most diplomatic missions do not enjoy full extraterritorial status and in those cases are not sovereign territory of the represented state . '', 
  this is the longer version on the topic of [ extraterritoriality ] ( https://www.britannica.com/topic/extraterritoriality ) . 
  tl ; dr : the people violated local law , it could be prosecuted as breaking and entering , i guess . 
  do n't quote me on that . 
  no international laws have been violated , as long as the people who entered were simple civilians . 
  embassies and consulates can not be entered by local authorities without permission . 
  civilians , different story , different part of the law . 
  that is a very good question . 
  i have no answer . 
  we will have to wait for the people living there to answer this one in a convincing manner . 
  i am sure op will deliver ... 
  please , we had the same article posted here a day ago . 
  with 255 comments on the topic . 
  r/askeurope is the subreddit you actually wanted to use . 
  this will be removed shortly , i guess . 
   but i do n't think it is just the fault of the eu you came to the wrong neighborhood my friend ... this topic is not for you :-), 
  you 're a funny fella , but whatever , let me point out the things in your comment which make me kinda indifferent : first :  you are the exact reason that the right are on the rise all over europe i am the reason ? 
  hyperbole much ? 
  besides : i am not going to take anybody seriously who is voting for a party because somebody talked in a `` condecending '' tone to them . 
  are you for real now ? 
  is this a fuckin kindergarten ? 
  you were n't friendly enough , i 'm gon na vote for every party you do n't like !, 
  is this how things work now ? 
  i can understand people voting for far right parties if they think that those parties align with their interests . 
  ca n't change that . 
  not gon na try . 
  but people voting out of spite ? 
  because my tone was condescending ? 
  are.you.fuckin.serious ? 
  second : all this shit is pretty rich coming from somebody throwing around the word sjw in other comments . 
  did i hurt your feelings darling ? 
  do you need your safe space ? 
  i think that 's the way conversations work nowadays . 
  wait i still have a few talking points i picked up listening to people `` like you '' ... hmm ... something something freedom of speech ... and yeah , no right to feel offended ... wait ... if you 're offended you 're dumb ... amidoinitrite ? 
  the hypocrisy is amazing . 
  and last : i had a good debate with the op . 
  we agreed on a few points and we disagreed on other points . 
  that 's what happens in the grown up world . 
  especially when you have a political debate , things can get a little more heated , but the other guy was n't complaining about my tone and i did n't call him names or something . 
  we had a good debate . 
  and now you come around to peddle that adage , that it 's `` our '' fault that people vote for the right . 
  the `` i am the victim myth '' . 
  `` they are against us , they do n't listen and they treat us like shit '' . 
  all that bullshit . 
  it 's not my fault that they vote for whomever they want to vote . 
  it 's not my fault , that they decide to stay uninformed and uneducated and to vote out of spite , because someone talked down to them . 
  it is their fault . 
  this one is on them . 
  here , educate yourself : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fljbzhcswtk, 
  * they do n't listen to me they do n't do anything !, 
  * something gets done * they do n't do enough , they need to do more * more gets done * it 's too late , it took them way too long * mrw : ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b  nope , the other parties conspire to keep the anti-immigration party out of government forming coalitions along party preferences , so that things actually can get done ... * conspiring * i 'm not even gon na try to ... just forget it ... have fun , i really could n't care less by now . 
   i argued in another reply here that such deals do n't solve the problem . 
  sure they do n't . 
  but they still are part of the solution . 
  we need those deals as much as we need further policies on an international level . 
  but that 's where the power of the eu starts to vanish . 
   we should be active together with our american allies in the middle east . 
  the activities of our allies in that region is what brought us all this mess . 
  so i 'm kinda skeptical on this one . 
  also , i have to point out , that our american allies do n't seem to be very intent on any kind of deeper cooperation in the near future . 
  we can not wait 8 years for the next administration . 
   it is our geographical region that affects us and it is up to us to address its issues or else the [ european neighbourhood policies ] ( https://eeas.europa.eu/topics/european-neighbourhood-policy-enp_en ) do n't exist for no reason . 
  the eu is heavily invested in adressing the issues surrounding the eu in the east and to the south . 
   on the contrary my point was that politicians should be able to address these people that feel out of reach . 
  not ignore them . 
  but they already do so . 
  to take the rape victims . 
  we already have laws for the issue and organizations for helping them . 
  at least in germany . 
  nobody ignores rape victims here . 
  we ca n't do more to `` not ignore them '' . 
  the people are well aware of the issue . 
   not doing something because you were not robbed in inaction . 
  you misinterpreted my point . 
  i wanted to show you , that the action you are talking about has to be appropriate . 
  you said yourself that the eu is big . 
  we need different actions in athens and in berlin on many different issues , not just regarding the immigration policies . 
  there is no doubt about the fact , that we need political action . 
  i just doubted your statement that nothing gets done . 
  that 's wrong . 
  a lot of things get done . 
   we have to win them over and to do that we have to understand that they may experience problems that other may not . 
  this is why trump won .
