  i did n't vote for him and let 's be real , the majority of germans living today did n't vote for him aswell . 
  so , why the hell did that polish tv station feel compelled to accuse us germans * today * of voting for hitler ? 
  how does that make any sense at all ? 
  i just saw the video and i 'm still baffled . 
  we did n't vote for hitler , ffs . 
  this is so retarded , on the one hand crying about some mythical guilt complex caused by our nazi history , using that narrative to imply that we destroy europe by having `` that guilt complex '' and now you actually start accusing us of voting for hitler . 
  how the hell is anybody in poland able to rationalize this shit ?!, 
  i 'm just sitting in front of my computer and my only thought is : really ? 
  for real ? 
  is this kindergarten ? 
  are polish adults actually thinking , that any german would feel addressed ? 
  for real ? 
  are you this stupid ? 
  for real ? 
  i 'm actually surprised by the sheer stupidity . 
  my mind is kabooooooooooom !, 
   why are n't you advocating for completely open borders ? 
  probably because you realise that doing so would destroy your country in a ` tragedy of the commons ' scenario . 
  why are you asking questions , when you already have your own probable answer in your head ? 
  a prime example for the way ` you people ' like to debate ... you do n't even want to hear an answer . 
   so your clearly advocating for some discrimination clearly ? 
  am i ? ... clearly ? 
  or does it simply * seem * to you that way , because of your preconception , because of some kind of image you have in your head ... some people would call it `` projecting '' . 
   in a ` tragedy of the commons ' scenario . 
  i do n't even know , how you managed to bring in that theory to this discussion . 
  seriously , your whole scenario is , i do n't have a good word for it , i do n't even know , where to begin !, 
  tragedy of the commons ?!, 
  for real ?!, 
  a model about the behaviour of actors and the provision of public goods and the tendency of actors to overuse free resources ... also externalities ... also , ffs every-fuckin-body is guilty of behaving that way . 
  even you , stop pretending , that you 're some kind of altruistic patriotic guy paying your taxes , because you love your country and the people in it . 
  you pay then , because you fear the punishment , or the sanctions imposed by the state . 
   a country without borders and a country that does n't discriminate against who can come in will see it 's tax base collapse and services disappear . 
  how do you even come to this kind of conclusion ? 
  where 's the causal chain ? 
  i could easily argue , that so far the majority of every immigration wave managed to integrate into society and into the work-force . 
  i could also easily argue , that educated people pay more taxes , therfore uneducated people are living off the system . 
   you live in a country with free and available education and healthcare . 
  you flush your toilet and your shit goes away , you put your bin out the front of your house and it gets emptied . 
  all of these things are made possible because you have a country , with borders , with a government that promises to protect it 's citizens in exchange for taxes . 
  again , where 's the causal chain ? 
  how do borders lead to people emptying the garbage bins for me ? 
  i again can easily argue , that bordered countries are the norm since the beginning of the westphalian system . 
  nevertheless , the provision of public goods ( emptying garbage bins , working sewers , etc. . . ) is n't defined by those borders . 
  every country has borders , but not every country is able to provide the same level of services and goods ? 
  so how can you argue , that the provision of public goods is tied to borders ? 
  somalia has borders , but no sanitart system . 
  the us has very well protected borders , but the public health system is comparably worse , when compared to some west european systems with borders , which are actually not defended in the same way . 
  so , how can you make an argument , implying , that the provision of public goods depends on the ability to defend the borders of a country ? 
  north korea would be another prime example . 
   but you have benefitted greatly from discrimination . 
  i have benefitted from selection . 
  there 's a difference , ideally . 
  so far , my employers selected me based on my skills and on my knowledge and on their assesment of my abilities to fulfill their requirements for the job . 
  discrimination based on race , ethnicity , religion , gender , sexual orientation is bad . 
  it 's simple . 
   why are n't you advocating for completely open borders ? 
  because enforcing those borders is not an issue for me . 
  like i already pointed out to you , the enforcement of any kind of borders is not tied to the way we live . 
  i advocate for democratic , liberal , pluralistic societies , because , they define the way i live and i like living in such a society . 
  somalia and north korea or china should show you quite well , that the border question is not the issue . 
   stop acting like your some hyper-enlightened paragon of dispassionate wisdom and virtue , and people who disagree with you are snivelling trolls driven by some emotional and irrational pavlovian fear response . 
  i ca n't see , how i acted the way , you describe here . 
  you 're simply trying to paint me that way , in order to make me dislikeable and my arguments less appealing . 
  a prime example of the way ` you people ' like to argue . 
  you 're trying to allude to the myth , that there is some kind of intellectual leftist elite , that needs to be eradicated , because it is living in some kind of ivory tower and not able to see the plight of the common people . 
  you are trying to paint me as that kind of intellectual , who has no connection to the base . 
  the jist of your whole argument is based on that premise . 
  you 're implying , that i 'm too blind to see how i actually benefitted from some kind of alleged discrimination and therefore i must be defaced as the phony idiot , too blind to see the truth . 
  my arguments wo n't matter anyway , you simply need a straw-man to beat . 
  sure , non-discrimination is still a pillar of our democratic order . 
  i like it , you like it . 
  the right does n't like it at all . 
  but non-discrimination is not the issue here . 
  mainly because , the right knows , that there 's no way they could win anything by opening up a debate about the principle of non-discrimination . 
  instead they 're pondering to the fear of the people against refugees and getting ` replaced ' by different ethnicities . 
  there 's already an other thread going on , with exactly that agenda . 
  now here 's the trick , in my opinion . 
  the left is trying to make a rational point and insists , that non-discrimination is a good thing and actually , besides anyway , it 's in our fuckin basic law . 
  it 's actually a point that should be obvious to anyone regardless of political orientation . 
  the right does n't even intend to talk about non-discrimination . 
  they 're shifting the narrative and the left gets caught in a retarded debate about refugees , where you 're either absolutely pro-refugees ( which allows them to paint you , and thereby the ` left ' , as a complete looney ) , or you have to compromise , which gives them the opportunity to sound actually rational and thereby also gives them the opportunity to use this incident for pushing their agenda to the mainstream . 
  they 're gaining either way . 
  i think , that many moderate people realized by now , that theres nothing to win here . 
  in the long run , the right is going to succesfully push certain topics to the mainstram . 
  there seems to be a demand by the people for it anyway , so who am i to judge . 
  but what remains is , that threads like these wind down in the same way basically . 
  you get the usual people from the right making the usual unfounded claims . 
  you get a few people from the left , who try to make a rational point . 
  that in turn is then used against them ( the usual , the left is ignoring the will of the people innuendo ) . 
  people get defensive and it boils down to sticking to ( perceived ) extremes . 
  anyways , in my perception , the right is never debating with you . 
  they 're always debating for an audience , which is only reading these comments and does n't actually participate in a more active way . 
  you trying to make a point , that non-discrimination is a basic principle and should be applied to anybody regardless of ethnicity , gender , etc. . . is a nice thing . 
  i respect you for that . 
  but `` they '' are actually using you to paint a completely different picture and to make you the enemy for sticking to `` overcome '' principles in a `` time of emergency '' . 
  it 's a topic about refugees . 
  by now the only people bothering to comment or `` debate '' such topics are coming from the extremes ... from both sides . 
  therefore expect a load of extreme positions , the people , who have a more differentiated view , the moderates , are avoiding these threads . 
  and i do n't think , that the donald is actually significantly involved anymore . 
  we can be retarded all by ourselves .
