  the deportation is kinda fucked up , because * we * still have to stick to the laws , that 's obvious . 
  but then , i somehow must conclude , that everything 's just fine . 
  we have strict border controls ( along the outer eu borders , which is fine . 
  i like travelling within the eu and i 'm not inclined to give it up for african criminals , it 's my choice i guess ) . 
  deportation is something that works quite bad , but there are efforts to make the process faster and more efficient . 
  the vetting is shit , but the problem is caused by lack of good funding . 
  it 's an issue that is getting adressed right now by our cdu . 
  so where 's the problem ? 
  our political leadership is doing what it is supposed to do . 
  it obviously is taking quite some time , but the issue does n't get ignored . 
   there is and was plenty of discussion about the migrants and crime here . 
  there was no `` discussion '' . 
  it was always the usual echo-chamber , be real . 
   just for example , you could simply ignore the singled out comment and make your own . 
  go on , do it and i will discuss it with you without prejudice . 
  i do n't need to , that 's the point . 
  i agree with op , that we need to find out , why so many migrants from africa are becoming criminals . 
  you see , that 's a genuine question . 
  i am pretty sure , that the majority are n't doctors and engineers . 
  but i do n't have to state that in a sarcastic manner , because it simply is n't relevant to the issue . 
  so far , i am also pretty sure , that the doctors and engineers actually do n't become criminal . 
  so the rest is the problem . 
  we need to find out why ? 
  but my point is , that these threads become pure circle-jerk migration threads , because the way these issues are getting discussed is simply off-putting to people like me . 
   you are in anonym internet discussion , not in parliament or in senate . 
  obviously if he type 10 pages about this problem here , nothing will ever change . 
  and what is going to change if he writes a sarcastic comment ? 
  who is he going to convince that way ? 
   he typed sarcastic commend which in my opinion perfectly fit in reddit . 
  oh yes , it perfectly fits reddit , that 's for sure . 
  that 's why we can not have an adult discussion . 
  because these kind of threads become sarcastic circle-jerks . 
   not his or my problem , that you are not smart enought to read between lines . 
  oh yes it is . 
  i can read perfectly fine between the lines . 
  but people like you wo n't convince me to listen to you , when they 're not able to make their points in a constructive manner . 
  so why is this actually your problem , you want to know ? 
  it 's because i 'm a voter . 
  and i am actually part of the majority . 
  i do n't vote for fringe parties . 
  i never will as long as they can not tackle these issues in a credible way . 
  you want to be heard ? 
  start behaving like an adult . 
  then people like me will listen to people like you . 
  and do n't kid yourself , people like me are the majority . 
  the centrist ones . 
  the ones , who are interested in feasible solutions . 
  you want to enjoy a sarcastic circle-jerk ? 
  feel free to do so , but do n't wonder when the rest of the world keeps ignoring your opinion . 
   how do you want to communicate , when you act like a spoiled brat and pretend to misunderstand everything ? 
  where did i pretend to misunderstand a thing ? 
  i pretty much understand ops intention . 
  i simply do n't understand , why he has to write it that way ? 
  why ca n't we have a discussion without the usual `` sarcasm '' ? 
   lighten up , it 's meant to be a sarcastic/humorous comment . 
  but why ? 
  the issue ai n't funny . 
  i ca n't lighten up in this context , sorry . 
  there are real problems , which have to be adressed . 
  we could debate them , we could discuss different approaches and our differing perceptions of the issue ... that would be worthwhile . 
  but this `` sarcastic '' banter is starting to annoy me . 
  because every thread about migration simply devolves into complete bullshittery and yep , * that * has taken place so many times by now , that i actually avoid these threads . 
  look at this specific thread : the first comment was yours . 
  and it was n't constructive or anything . 
  it simply sets the tone for the whole thread and makes it complete aids . 
  as an adult i click on the comments , see your comment and my first reactions is : `` oh haha , how funny ... not ... i guess i 'll simply bail out , because this thread wo n't be good '' . 
  i responded to your comment , because i am seriously intrigued why we have to discuss this matter in such an annoying way ? 
  why do these threads have to become echo chambers every time ? 
  people like me , who are rather centrist ( or something ) and who would be interested in seeing this issue discussed in an adult way , get simply annoyed and just abandon the thread . 
  these threads are n't inviting people to actually debate the issue anymore . 
  i get the feeling that they plop up from time to time , so that the usual suspects can start their migration circle-jerk . 
  they come and go and nothing interesting happens . 
  it 's disappointing . 
   thats the effect of censorship and condenscending attitude , that you present so nicely . 
  and here we have the perfect example . 
  so you do n't feel censored and you do n't feel affected by my condescending tone . 
  how am i supposed to know that ? 
  the way you present your argument , i have to guess , that the points you made are relevant for you . 
  or are n't they ? 
  if they 're not , then write it that way . 
  then write a sentence clearly stating , that your opinion is that : `` x. . . but i personally do n't feel like that '' communication , ffs !, 
  i stated my problem . 
   why do you think that anyone should follow your `` advice '' ? 
  because it would facilitate the conversation . 
  i would n't have to guess the implied meaning of the comment . 
  at least , that 's how people argue around here . 
  they state their argument , provide points confirming the argument and wait for the response , etc. 
  but obviously this is bad , because it 's condescending towards you . 
  i still fail to see why . 
  yeah , besides that ... who is celebrating ? 
  i just want an answer . 
  op is implying that there are some kind of celebrations in bulgaria . 
  he linked to a wiki article . 
  i simply want to know what kind of celebrations ? 
  it 's really simple , i do n't care about the commie bs . 
  i simply want to know if this day is a day of celebration in bulgaria . 
  ca n't be this hard to give me a credible answer ... 
  i 'd rather investigate what is driving people like you to write shitty comments . 
  it seems rather compulsive . 
  anyway , try simply saying what you want to say .
