  for me this is a single incident . 
  he did n't get any air time on the important stations . 
  i mean the stuff on pervji kanal and rossiya 1 . 
  people who were built up as heroes of the `` resistance '' were those idiots motorola and givi . 
  they still have a following on the russian side . 
  when motorola got killed it made for quite some news in the russian media . 
  this guy is obviously even for the russian information campaign too extreme . 
  it of course does n't change the fact , that there is this guy who is obviously a psychotic murderer and probably would have killed normal people somewhen . 
  but now he got the chance to live out all his sick fantasies in a conflict that has been caused by irresponsible politicians . 
  this guy is absolutely disgusting . 
  and it only shows that there is no justice at all in the donbass . 
  that there is no law and no normal life in the dnr/lnr . 
  and that is truly fucked up . 
   i thought european union has some sort of program in place to make sure that people get the right story of events and not be misled this is r/europe not the eu . 
  i `` feel '' like at least 50 % of stuff around here is biased or at least posted with a certain agenda . 
  come on , the shit on r/russia is not really better or more `` high quality '' . 
  and to be honest , all the trolling from russia brought even me to the point where i rather believe a lot of things . 
  the `` truth '' has been violated so hard by all sides by now that trusting any source is not really possible anymore . 
  this shit right here for example : i do n't really think that he got paraded around in russian media , because he truly is a psycho . 
  but i believe that the story is not made up and this guy actually exists and is doing some seriously fucked up shit . 
  all this would n't be possible if the russian government would be doing a responsible job . 
   kara-murza suspected he 'd been poisoned on political grounds and asked russia 's investigative committee ( the country 's highest-ranking law enforcement agency ) to initiate judicial proceedings . 
  xaxaxa , in russia you need to die first ( like nemtsov ) , then putin himself will be the head of the investigation . 
  for the first two weeks ... after that it 's back to business as usual . 
  so ... reading comprehension is not one of your strong skills . 
  and your insulting skills are even worse ?!, 
  wow !, 
  dude , this exchange makes me sad . 
  / pol is leaking into r/europe now . 
  i guess browsing mangas on 4chan got boring . 
   i am not insane . 
  yeah i know . 
  delusional is the word that actually comes to mind . 
  but i am glad that you do n't care to try again . 
  at least you 're not wasting our time . 
   what a surprise , the prominent leftist / progressive / opposition news portal oh here we go again ... and thus begins the labelling . 
  in this case one label was obviously not enough . 
   is hostile towards the prime minister . 
  how did you manage to come to this conclusion ? 
  surely not by reading the article . 
  the main topic of the article and the research done by a czech company is `` information warfare '' conducted by the gru . 
  i could n't read anything hostile against orb\u00e1n . 
  i have to agree with the op . 
  `` care to try again ? '', 
   le pen proposes leaving the euro zone , holding a referendum on eu membership , slapping taxes on imports and on the job contracts of foreigners , lowering the retirement age and increasing several welfare benefits while lowering income tax . 
  come on !, 
  how the hell is this even remotely supposed to work ? 
  i get all the `` closing borders protect the pure french culture '' innuendo , but her economic policies are a bunch of fairy tales . 
  how can anybody consider her `` a good pick '' with these kind of `` commitments '' ? 
  yep , 100 % sure . 
  just wanted to tell you some things . 
  for me this `` discussion '' is a one-way street . 
   saying that there `` is not one single positive aspect about nationalism '' is incorrect . 
  and all of your insults and dismissal wo n't persuade people otherwise . 
  like i said , a million times by now . 
  i do n't want to discuss it . 
  it implies that i am not interested in persuading you at all . 
  i do n't care . 
  you made your point clear from the start and it 's a waste of time . 
   humans are innately tribal . 
  it has been bred into us . 
  that 's wrong . 
   we ca n't change that , no matter how much we `` educate '' people . 
  wrong again . 
   being proud of one 's country , liking one 's country , it 's people and culture , is a good thing to the extent that it encourages people to invest in their community and its public goods . 
  yep , ai n't that nice . 
  if only our economies would n't depend so much on foreign investments . 
  i mean , north koreans must be hillariously proud of their `` tribe '' and `` nation '' . 
  but investing patriotic feelings just does n't cut it . 
   ... invest in their community and its public goods . 
  also this is especially funny to me . 
  `` public goods '' . 
  we 're back at education and health care . 
  especially education !, 
  such an important public good . 
  sadly the people in the us are not interested at all in investing anything there . 
  as soon as they can they opt out and pay for private schools . 
  nationalism wo n't help you a bit . 
  also : tragedy of the commons ... blabla ... hours worth of discussion on a bigly complex issue reflecting the problems around `` public goods '' . 
  and you keep telling me nice stories about tribes and nationalism . 
  nice . 
   if you hate your country , or are indifferent to it , why bother to try to improve it ? 
  especially if you live in europe , where it 's easy to just move somewhere else . 
  quite the contrary buddy ol' pal . 
  it 's because i love my country , i am ready to dismiss my stupid nationalistic feelings and willing to cooperate with other countries . 
  through this cooperation we managed to improve this country immensely . 
  closing borders and feeding nationalist ideas to the people is not going to improve germany , the eu and the rest of the world . 
  educating them ... oh ... a pattern . 
   i do n't think all nationalism is the same . 
  i just wanted to talk about the weather . 
  now we 're back to nationalism . 
  nationalism is stupid . 
  i do n't need to discuss it . 
  i ca n't make it any clearer . 
  i really am not interested in discussing it . 
  it 's like star trek and money . 
  where i come from we have evolved to know that nationalism is stupid . 
  maybe you 'll get there , too . 
  education helps . 
  there is not one single positive aspect about nationalism .
