  but my perception is a different one . 
  i am married to a doctor , she 's a surgeon and the body of knowledge in her field is expanding constantly aswell . 
  she has to attend weekly meetings , where new approaches and new methods are discussed . 
  when she sees a patient she has to apply every piece of information she acquiered during her study period as well as everything she learned since then and the things she was able to deduce from a ( often ) short talk with the patient . 
  during the 24 hour shifts in the er many patients are n't even able to talk anymore and she has to creativly find a way to not fuck it up . 
  sometimes it 's actually novel . 
  people in her field are publishing novel approaches in monthly journals , because the human `` system '' is complex and our knowledge is still limited on it . 
  as a surgeon she has to keep in mind , that the things she learned in med school are not the universal truth and that she has to keep an open mind towards new ways of solving a problem . 
  humans are unique , the human body is very unique . 
  she often tells me how she actually got a patient , they briefed the approach on how to cut him up and what to do and then , when they actually get to the cutting part , they encounter things they did n't expect and which `` should n't be there '' . 
  what i want to say is , that they do n't work according to some text book . 
  the book was the foundation back `` then '' , but since then , they have all seen so much new stuff no book ever mentioned and they always have to find a way to approach that novel situation . 
  engineers , i know exactly two of them . 
  one is working for airbus and in my perception he 's a magician , because building and developing jet engines is serious bussines . 
  but on the other hand , he 's simply aplying the stuff he learned in university . 
  he knows his thermodynamics stuff and he uses equations and models in some fancy computer applications in order to build an engine . 
  according to him , there 's not much creativity involved . 
  anyway , i get what you say and i think , that there 's more to all those jobs . 
  what i actually wanted to say through this wall of text is , that you can not say , that doctors are less creative than engineers . 
  you can say that an anesthetist is less creative , than a computer engineer for example . 
  although , the doctors i know , often doubt that anesthetists are actual doctors ... but anyway , what actually got me all riled up is the fact , that op was stating things with an aura of absolute certainty , which simply are n't true . 
  it actually is annoying me personally and i 'll admit that it triggers me every time i read such things . 
  everything he said was without any nuance , over the top and implied truth . 
  i ca n't handle those amounts of [ bullshit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on_bullshit ) . 
  i get that . 
  but from ops comment there 's no way to tell . 
  he could say : i think that ... 
  in my opinion ... as far as i am aware of ... or in my perception ... etc. . . 
  but he actually states things as if they 're factually correct and are generally true , without providing sources . 
  you do n't have to back up your shit , as long as you somehow make clear , that it 's your personal opinion and that you do n't claim that it 's universally true . 
  but as soon as you imply , that everything you just said is actually true and absolutely correct , then i insist on more than your perception and your opinion . 
  ca n't be that hard , or ? 
  i know . 
  but to my defense , i simply do n't see any worth in doing more , than he does . 
  if op starts backing up his claims in a meaningful way , then i 'll do it , too . 
  i wasted too much time here on reddit with providing sources for people , who were n't interested in reading up on them . 
  so far the guy i replied to , does n't make the impression to be actually interested in a debate . 
  nope , i 'm married to a doctor ... working 24 hour shifts 4 times a month in one of the bigger clinics here in berlin . 
  i have the `` pleasure '' to hang with her doctor friends quite a lot . 
  gives you some insight . 
  i would n't want to do their jobs . 
  it 's no fun and i can guarantee you , that they are not `` simply '' doing the things they learned in university . 
  also , i can guarantee you , that they have to do a lot of creative problem solving . 
  i expect a reddit user to back up his claims with some actual facts , if he implies that the things he says are actually true and factual . 
  ca n't be that hard . 
   he 's right in a way and this problem is recognized by many institutions all around the world . 
  you see , that 's some real bullshit there and it annoys me . 
  you simply just ca n't make such a general statement without providing any kind of proof or background information backing up that statement . 
  i am pretty sure , that china , egypt , iraq , armenia , russia ... etc. ... etc. ... do n't recognize that problem . 
  the fact is , that problem is a very `` western '' problem and to be honest i have the impression , that it 's a very us problem we like to import now to europe . 
  all this crying about disadvantaged males is getting annoying . 
  i as a male was never disadvantaged in a way , which would have hindered me studying what i wanted to study . 
  asking my male friends would give you the same answer . 
  what we actually got is a lot of buzzwords like `` white privillege '' `` pussy pass '' , etc. 
  americans like labelling everything . 
  and we start doing that shit now , too . 
  education is a very complex issue and we in europe have a shitload of different approaches to solving those issues , which all work in quite limited ways . 
  one year we look at japanese pupils , then to swedish , then to others ... and we always think , that this time around we found the solution . 
  i 've read a shitload of studies on the challenges we 're facing today in our modern world and the education system and the conclusion for me is , that there is no accepted universal proof to pretty much anything . 
  and now that we start to look into the heads of kids through neuroscience , etc. , we start to get even more information changing our earlier views . 
   the problem is that in today 's climate it 's politically incorrect to say anything positive about men that 's bullshit . 
  maybe in the states , i do n't know . 
  but we do n't have to import that shit from there . 
  if some nazi feminists try to be loud , then it 's their problem . 
  the people i had the opprortunity to talk to , had a very nuanced view on this particular issue . 
   being doctor is about identifying illness that you have learned about . 
  doctors dont do much `` finding out why patient is sick '' at least majority of them . 
  you obviously like barking out unsubstantiated claims . 
  can you back this statement up , because the doctors i know do a lot of creative problem solving , when trying to solve a problem ( sickness ) . 
  they have to listen to their patients , find out what they have , while simply watching them , running tests on them and then trying to piece together all the information they could get in order to find a solution . 
  the ones on duty often have to do all that under serious time pressure . 
  they are n't just working off some kind of `` check-list '' . 
  if they actually could do that people would n't die . 
   they tend to do better in take home tests and work that requires diligence and hard work , while boys do better under timed tests , competition and challenging material . 
  yeah , i 'll need sources on this claim ...  sadly , it 's the first which is favoured in the current paradigm . 
  yeah ... sources ... also , which `` paradigm '' ? 
  in the eu , germany ... the world , africa ? 
  asia ? 
  if those pisa tests have shown one thing , it 's that there is no `` paradigm '' in europe ... ffs , there is n't even a `` paradigm '' in germany . 
   it 's also the reason why fields that require creative thinking ( like engineering ) ... creative thinking ... engineering ... huh what ? 
   fields that require more hard work ( like medicine or law ) ???????? 
  so an engineer trying to build a bridge , or a machine is `` creative '' , but a doctor trying to find out , why a patient is sick , is not . 
  or are we talking about the university courses here ? 
  you should compare them . 
  it 's a fuckton of learning in both of them . 
  the only difference is the form of the final exams , based on german `` tradition '' . 
   of course the fact that we have female teachers participates in this . 
  let me sum it up for you : * a bunch of general claims , without any kind of sources or data backing them up , oversimplifying to the max * ... if you would have included the usual buzzwords like `` gender mainstreaming '' , etc , i would have given you a 10/10 for maximum bullshittery ... 
  she is n't talking to the electorate here . 
  this statement was specifically aimed at the csu and seehofer . 
  she just made clear , that she can pretty much ignore his stance and dominate the issue . 
  the electorate does n't care about an upper limit . 
  the `` obergrenze '' discussion has been discussed ad nauseam for quite a while now and the peole are aware , that implementing an upper limit is too hard from a legal point of view . 
  it 's simply not worth the trouble , because it would n't stand a chance in front of the supreme court for several reasons . 
  it would be hard to implement it without breaking our basic law and it would be equally hard doing it without violating eu legislation which overrules national laws . 
  so , all in all , many germans do n't really care . 
  we know , that there are better ways of coping with the situation . 
  and many people are also aware , that the main problem is getting denied people back to their countries . 
  the influx seems managable right now , since it declined significantly over the last year . 
  therefore the upper limit is not an issue .
