   total non sequitor . 
  uuuuuuuh , such words much wow . 
  anyways , in short : theory , reality ... yeah . 
  what things should be and what they are is a very complex issue . 
  especially regarding legislation . 
  should people have universal healthcare ?!, 
  i do n't know . 
  should everybody have equal access to education ?!, 
  i do n't know . 
  people debate a lot of things . 
  should laws be evidence-based ?!, 
  it depends on the evidence and on the circumstances . 
  legislation is a bargaining process . 
  pure evidence-based legislation leads to strange things , like euthanasia of handicapped or gay people ... 
  i mean , evidence pointed at their inferiority . 
  luckily we found other evidence later . 
  should i compare killing handicapped people with washing poultry ? 
  i think , that , when the topic revolves around legal theory the comparison is justified . 
  you may think differently , that 's ok , debating is much like a bargaining process . 
  therefore i think , that , independently of my first comment , which was simply a lighthearted jab at the republican party and not a comment on the way how legislation should be , your comment , that laws should be evidence-based , does not bare universal truth . 
  making laws is a social process and need to take into account a lot of different things . 
  making it a pure technical process , is in my opinion , not the way to go . 
  laws are supposed to regulate human life and not a bunch of robots . 
  now , to answer your probable question , why washing poultry is a human life issue and not a simple matter of regulation : well , that 's a good question . 
  i would have expected as much aswell . 
  but i was not involved in the lawmaking process here . 
  so i need to guess . 
  to me it seems , that the lawmakers decided to make it so , because of some underlying worries , that giving up on this particular issue could in future cause a further erosion of legal and quality standards . 
  another explanation could be , that the lawmakers are simply trying to make a point and to get themselves into a better bargaining position in future trade talks . 
  ( this whole process is part of a dynamic game , you need to maintain a certain level of credibility ) . 
  to sum it up : should laws be evidence based ? 
  in a perfect borg cube , yeah , why not . 
  in our human world ? 
  well , here they 're part of a plethora of human interactions , making them purely evidence based , could lead to a whole lot of other unintended consequences and problems . 
  therefore i disagree , laws do n't need to be purely evidence based . 
   this is a working paper , meaning that it was n't peer reviewed nor published . 
  yep , because it 's new , i though it would be nice to let people read something actual . 
  their research design seems quite ok and their findings so far seem interesting . 
  it 's as valid as the paper you linked to . 
  i doubt , that anybody in the research community will plop up and say , that their research is complete bullshit . 
  unless you wan na try it ...  leaving this aside , social dynamics in the army are very different , because soldiers are supposed to act as one . 
  you could also argue , that social dynamics in city councils , governments , etc. 
  are different , because they 're supposed to not act as one , for political reasons for example . 
  also : that 's why i actually cited the first footnote for ya , the paper took a look at diversity in city councils . 
  linking to a paper that looks at diversity in army groups is as valid in this setting . 
  just as valid as looking at business groups , etc. 
  the underlying theories , also cited for you further down in my initial comment , are still the same . 
  obviously researchers use those theories on a regular basis and apply them to different settings . 
  you need to state , what you actually want to say and give us a reason , why your paper is more valid in that setting , than the paper i linked to . 
  ca n't be that hard , right ? 
  hmm ... i 've seen this one before , you should n't put it here without providing some additional minimal context , regarding the state of the research on this topic . 
  i 'll do it for you , ok ? 
  this is a nice new paper , touching upon the issues you seemingly want to adress : https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/fe1e/c09fa8f05625f97dc693f8b4bdc98c5eefcd.pdf i 'll cite some parts of it : footnote no . 
  1 is a good start for people , who would actually like to get a more complete view : `` there is an extensive literature on the effects of ethnic diversity in other domains . 
  for studies on diversity and economic outcomes , see for instance alesina et al. 
  ( 2003 ) , alesina and ferrara ( 2005 ) , alesina , harnoss , and rapoport ( 2016 ) , easterly and levine ( 1997 ) , collier ( 2000 ) , and ashraf and galor ( 2013a , 2013b ) . 
  another strand of literature study diversity within firms / organizations , see for instance rasul and rogger ( 2015 , 2015 , 2016 ) for studies on bureaucratic efficiency , lyons ( 2016 ) on teams and national diversity , ottaviano and peri ( 2006 ) on productivity , and hjort ( 2014 ) on team productivity , and shore et al. 
  2009 for a review . 
  there is also a literature on ethnic diversity and provision of public goods , see beach and jones ( 2016 ) for a review . '', 
  pages 3-4 are a good primer for people , who want to learn about the basics here : `` putnam ( 2007 ) takes the conflict perspective even further and argues that ethnic diversity may not only lead to more conflict and less trust between the majority and minority groups , it may also be detrimental to trust within the majority group . 
  putnam ( 2007 ) labels this the constrict theory and bases it on findings that less diverse neighborhoods in the us have higher levels of in-group trust . 
  these findings have spurred a debate on how diversity should be conceived and measured ( abascal and baldassarri 2015 ) . 
  as more diverse us neighborhoods with lower trust levels are also poorer , more nonwhite , and less stable than the more homogenous neighborhoods , it is hard to disentangle the effect ethnic diversity has on trust from the effects of these other features of diverse societies . 
  against the conflict views on diversity , which emphasizes in-group biases and competition over resources , stands the more optimistic contact theory ( allport 1954 ) . 
  it suggests that personal contact with members of out-groups can reduce prejudice and misperception about out-groups , and thereby increase trust . 
  contact theory can be expected to apply when certain criteria are met . 
  the contact should take place in a context with equal status , shared common goals , be cooperative , and take place under some form of authority ( pettigrew 1998 ) . 
  finally , the setting should have friendship potential , as it increases the probability of affective ties and willingness to learn about out-group members ( van laar et al. 
  the setting of our experiment , the boot camp in the army , fulfills the conditions for contact theory . '', 
  and here 's the conclusion : `` based on previous literature on the relationship between trust and ethnic diversity we would expect that increasing diversity leads to lower trust ( putnam 2007 ; dinesen and s\u00f8nderskov , forthcoming ; alesina and ferrara 2000 ) . 
  there are , however , three important limitations to existing literature that we address using a combined lab and field experiment . 
  the first limitation concerns biases arising from endogeneity issues . 
  the worry that the correlations between diversity and trust are driven by selection , reverse causality , or both looms large in the previous literature . 
  people self-select into neighborhoods and controlling for selection by including observables is likely to be insufficient . 
  to date , there is no study using exogenous variation to identify the causal effect of diversity on trust . 
  our research design , involving a randomized field experiment , allows us to make causal inferences . 
  the second shortcoming of previous literature is a conceptual conflation of exposure and contact . 
  while living in an area with many immigrants increases exposure , it does not necessarily increase contact . 
  a consensus has emerged in social psychology that shallow exposure need not produce the same beneficial effects , instead it is likely to cause opposite effects due to competition about jobs , resources , and cultural hegemony ( see pettigrew 1998 for a review ) . 
  we investigate the correlations between ethnic diversity in soldiers ' municipality of upbringing and trust , and replicate the frequently found result that there is less out-group trust among people from more diverse areas . 
  well identified studies have shown , however , that close personal contact reduces prejudice ( e.g. 
  2006 , burns et al. 
  2015 , finseraas and kotsadam 2015 , and finseraaset al 2016 ) , illustrating the danger of conflating exposure and contact . 
  our field experiment takes place in a setting which should produce the beneficial effects of contact , and we show that contact overturns the negative correlation between exposure and trust . 
  the third limitation regards the measurement of trust . 
  most previous literature on the effects of diversity on trust relies upon survey questions on general trust . 
  there is a debate about what these questions really measure ( sapienza , toldra-simats , and zingales 2013 ) , and some argue that they are correlate with trustworthiness rather than trust ( glaeser et al. 
  2000 ; sapienza , toldra-simats , and zingales 2013 ) . 
  we instead measure trust by conducting an incentivized trust game with both real incentives and people , which provides us with a behavioral measure of trust . 
  more importantly , the generalized trust questions do not separate between in-group and out-group trust . 
  we focus on majority individuals and let them send money to either ali ( signaling out-group ) or morten ( in-group ) . 
  this allows us to test if the correlations as well as the effects are different for in-and out-group trust . 
  i am confused ... what exactly do you want to know ? 
  actually ? 
  i live in germany , my support for any us political party is absolutely irrelevant . 
  i ca n't vote for anybody in the us . 
   i mean a lot of politicians in the eu think they are you sure about that ? 
  or is it your perception ? 
  how many eu politicians do you actually know ? 
  without looking them up on wikipedia ...  so if they are going to pretend oh look , there 's a possible answer .
