  he pointed out a pattern , which can be seen on these subreddits frequently . 
  he commented on that pattern . 
  he did n't advocate that anybody should stop posting sarcastically . 
  i actually perceived it as feedback to people doing it . 
  i 'd like to back it up . 
  because i see them too quite often . 
  and yes it gets old really fast . 
  every time i see it , i think for about 5 seconds to post a comment and then i just deem it futile and move on . 
  nice way to encourage people to partake in a debate . 
  writing : `` iran is a bastion of enlightenment and liberal ideals . / s '' is just stupid . 
  it reminds me of 4chan , where people use the same kind of bullshit to answer later on : `` triggered ? 
  lelelelelel '' and of course throwing in some `` witty '' wsj and libtards remarks . 
  it 's like they 're following a `` stupid debates 101 '' handbook . 
  it does n't encourage any kind of debate and it adds nothing new . 
  to sum it up : i like the other guys view a lot , and i think you 're wrong . 
  it 's my opinion . 
  comprende ? 
  whatever dude , i do n't think that you really expect an answer so i wo n't bother . 
  i knew it !, 
  his nose gave it away !, 
  i 'm gon na put an / s in here . 
  it was a sarcastic remark , guys . 
  i 'm not sure about the other guy 's comment . 
  he did n't mark it as sarcastic . 
  :-) smiley to be sure . 
  peace !, 
   why not organise a march for germany to be portioned back into east and west germany ? 
  or campaign for `` an independent holland '' ? 
  why not ? 
  it is the right of each citizen to organize a march and protest for things he deems necessary . 
  freedom of assembly is still a basic human right in most western countries . 
  in germany it is part of the grundgesetz ( constitution ) . 
  i do n't give a fuck about this particular march . 
  like i do n't give a fuck about most of the marches happening on a weekly basis here in berlin . 
  and i am pretty sure that 99 % of german citizens also do n't care . 
  but the point still stands . 
  it 's his democratic right to do so as long he respects the law . 
  therefore i 'd like to remark in a similar tone as you : what strange times we live in - where it 's deemed acceptable to limit the freedom of assembly just because we do n't like the cause . 
  even neonazis are allowed to march on our streets . 
  i do n't like them , but as german citizens they have the right to do so . 
  it is not . 
  such a bullshit comment . 
  some people decide to start a bullshit movement and you start making up your own stories in your head . 
  i have n't heard about these `` marches '' right until now . 
  `` germany '' is not encouraging any kind of retard movements . 
  one `` marxist '' is organizing a march nobody gives a shit about . 
   it is perfectly doable it is doable , but not perfectly :-) it is as doable as shooting yourself in the head . 
  only because you can do it , it does n't mean that you should do it . 
  this is some huge scale macro-economic bullshittery . 
  you have to consider that we are talking about the lives of the next generations and of a few million people . 
  there would be many more losers than winners in such a scenario . 
  not only in france . 
  that 's why i think that such a move would be seriously bad for a lot of people here in europe . 
   pardon , did i write something wrong ? 
  wrong info , bad style ? 
  nah man , it was meant as feedback . 
  the op for example posted a picture gave some info and let us as users make up our minds what we want to think about it . 
  you on the other hand are all over this thread and pushing your own agenda . 
  this makes you seems less trustworthy . 
  this is just my own personal perception of your style . 
  it is not an attack on you . 
  i just want you to know how you come over to me as a reader . 
  i understand that the topic is of big importance to you . 
  nevertheless style-wise there is no big difference between you and the guys on r/russia . 
  you are not helping your cause by being this zealous . 
  and something else : op 's picture is very powerful because it gives us a glimpse of the `` normal '' life in that region . 
  i still remember the ama done by a guy from there 2 years ago . 
  telling us how he is n't able to use an atm but fortunately still has water etc. 
  this is the stuff that makes me connect to their plight . 
  showing me the atrocities done by a bunch of sick bastards is not going to help on the other hand . 
  it 's the extremes of a fucked up situation . 
  it is not representative of the daily war . 
  for me personally it 's just an ugly aspect . 
  what actually makes me angry is seeing all those normal persons who get affected by a situation they do n't have anything to do with . 
  a 24 year old woman kneeling next to the body of her dead mother , that is infuriating . 
  the frustrating randomness of this conflict is just crazy . 
  the fact that there are fighters pushing buttons and switches a few kilometers away and randomly killing people , that is just making me really angry . 
  the fact that people just get killed . 
  the person who killed that woman does n't even know what he did . 
  he just sat somewhere in a truck . 
  and then all the guys from `` the other side '' come here and tell us that it was ukraine 's fault because they had tanks in the city . 
  that is just hillarious . 
  so the guy who pushed the button is completely innocenct and the people who should be blamed are the tank crews in the city ?!, 
  this shit makes me angry and it sums up everything what is wrong about the conflict in that region and about the shit that happens here on reddit . 
  real people are dying and we do n't have anything better to do than blaming the other side with increasingly crazier `` evidence '' . 
  i get it . 
  but your way to shove it down our throats does n't make you more convincing . 
  i am not attacking you . 
  i appreciate your effort to show us the reality of the conflict . 
  but your way to do it is a little over the top for my personal taste . 
  therefore i remain a little reserved about certain aspects . 
  two points i 'd like to mention : calling him a nazi wo n't help at all . 
  the word nazi is used by both sides to an extent which made it pretty useless by now . 
  russians are calling everybody west of the donbass nazis especially the `` bandera guys '' . 
  in turn now the other side starts calling these idiots nazis . 
  i am aware of the fact that he is posing with nazi flags etc. 
  but i nevertheless would like to point out , that the nazi narrative is just not working . 
  the nazi ideology has n't got anything to do with the fucked up situation in eastern ukraine . 
  it feels absolutely alien when i 'm reading about it . 
  and i have seen the pictures of him on lifenews the first time .
