  would n't be childish at all !, 
  oh wait , that 's different ... because reasons . 
   unfortunately haha , oh yeah , `` unfortunately '' . 
  holy shit ... 
  yep , i start to get that impression too by now . 
  skimming through the comments on the other subreddits where this `` news-piece '' got posted confirms that suspicion . 
   i do n't know whatever the hell an `` a priori '' hierarchy should be or what `` hate crimes '' above `` impartial '' should mean , apologies . 
  i did n't really understand that part of your post at all . 
  i meant that everyone should get the same treatment before the law . 
  therfore the law and especially the judges following the law should be impartial . 
  this for me is more important than positing that certain crimes should a priori always be hate crimes . 
   i 'll repeat , it 's very simple - torching synagogues , mosques and churches is/should be automatically ( a priori ) a hate crime as it is very simply and transparently an expression of hate against certain religious/ethnic communities . 
  that 's it . 
  to deny it is laughable , illogical and an attempt at covering the ass of racist and bigoted criminals . 
  i do n't see how this whole case is really supposed to be `` very simple '' at all . 
  quite the contrary : in my opinion this one was actually very complex , because as a judge you had to cover your own ass from all political directions . 
  because no matter how you rule somebody will always be against it in this case . 
  therefore you had to stick to the law as closely as possible . 
  also , i do n't agree . 
  having any crimes classified as hate crimes a priori is a dangerous way to go . 
  what if two drunk germans torch a synagogue yelling `` heil hitler '' . 
  and during the prosecution it turns out that both are good pupils come from a very nice `` liberal '' family and never had any contact to the `` right spectrum '' . 
  they were merely drunk and stupid . 
  they do n't really hate jews . 
  i think it 's only logical to judge them for the thing they 've done . 
  burning the synagogue . 
  positing a priori that it should be a hate crime would put them in a very bad position regarding their future life . 
  i do n't consider that just . 
   the fact that you deem a debate inconclusive is no reason to not have it i agree . 
  i think you misunderstood me , but shit happens . 
   i did not compare soares to hitler oh yes you did . 
  you implied that commemorating hitler in a cartoon is as normal as commemorating soares in a cartoon . 
   i did not say i was offended sure , the whole passive agressive paragraph at the end did n't hint at all at that . 
  no , no . 
  i am the puppet . 
   i did not mock you nooo , you did n't . 
  your whole writing style is not at all intended to mock other people . 
  if you are not aware of that , then try to take a second and reflect upon it . 
   switching to ad hominem attacks after running out of actual arguments is indeed a leftist method . 
  ad-hominem ... are you actually following some kind of rule book , i definately did not see that one coming :-)  seeing that you do not have further real arguments , i consider this exchange closed . 
  sure after ignoring all my arguments before like : ahem ... --  r/europe . 
  if it 's that way in the us , then it must be that way here too . 
  or : my point stands : 3 out of 7 according to your `` interpretation '' . 
  because if you can arbitrarily label cartoons , then i can arbitrarily discard items . 
  seems fair . 
  or : how this is supposed to be click-bait escapes my sense of logic . 
  it 's `` political cartoons of the week '' . 
  it describes the content of the page if you follow the link . 
  you get cartoons . 
  or : nope , i think the headline describes the post in a concise way without any bias . 
  it 's nice for a change . 
  they are political cartoons . 
  but yeah , consider it closed , for you obviously failed at delivering any meaningful content and instead resorted to labeling and not even trying to answer any of the points i raised . 
  even worse : you tried to label this whole thread as leftist ... just because ** you ** thought that it would be justified . 
   lmao , stop acting like the law is impervious to current political & social issues or like law rulings happen in a perfect objective vacuum . 
  and then  intentionally burning down synagogues , mosques or churches should be recognised as a hate crime a priori , as it 's always been as far as i know . 
  which one shall it be ? 
  `` a priori like always '' or `` adapting to current political issues '' ? 
  pick one . 
  and if i said that the law should be `` a priori '' impartial above all , what then ? 
  what 's the `` a priori '' hierarchy ? 
  `` hate crimes '' above `` impartial '' , always ? 
   this ruling reeks of both pro-muslim/palestine and , even more , anti-jewish/israeli bias ; in your opinion . 
  not in mine . 
  what now ? 
  by the laws of reddit i guess your opinion counts more than mine . 
  which brings us to :  deserves a debate . 
  what if the debate is inconclusive . 
  what if i as the obvious minority think that the ruling is ok . can my opinion be ignored ? 
  i just try to find out if you are actually willing to debate the issue at all , or if you just do n't like the ruling . 
   i also for one do n't expect to see any young mosque-torching neo-nazi youngsters getting convicted without a hate crime charge on their backs . 
  i wonder why . 
  i can answer that one : nazis tend to really , reaaaallllly be proud of their `` views '' , therefore are too dumb to actually hide their intentions in a way , which would make the lives of their defense lawyers easier in front of a court . 
  how is holocaust denial connected to trying to burn a synagogue ? 
  in a pure legal way . 
  different things , different laws . 
   may i ask : would you count a cartoon commemorating the death of a certain german chancellor from the mid-20th century as not far-right , which does not have a political message ? 
  classic ... did nazi that one coming . 
  but let 's play the compare + rhetorical questions game : so you are comparing soares to hitler now ? 
   in the recent political proceedings in the us , mocking trump has mainly been done by the left . 
  ahem ... --  r/europe . 
  if it 's that way in the us , then it must be that way here too . 
  like i said `` enlightened logic '' as it seems to surpass my mortal sense of logic . 
   finally , i would like to ask you to stop strawmanning me , and hinting at personal ... etc. ... nope , did not see that one coming either . 
  i 'm not gon na jump on the `` do n't insult me , i did n't insult you '' - cirklejerk bandwaggon . 
  you can insult me anyway you want . 
  oh , and wait : i like this one even more : somewhere i read something about being offended equating being dumb etc. 
  people belonging to ... wait ... the non-liberal ( ?!, 
  ) ... spectrum really love to use this one . 
  my point stands : 3 out of 7 according to your `` interpretation '' . 
  because if you can arbitrarily label cartoons , then i can  arbitrarily discard items . 
  seems fair . 
  i am saying that it does n't matter what i think or what you think . 
  the court has to decide . 
  that 's what we have courts for and the whole fuckin judicial branch . 
  because `` we '' would always decide according to our preconceptions and opinions . 
  and because we do n't want any kind of lynch mobs and common people to decide what the punishment for a person is supposed to be . 
  and do n't kid yourself , we all think that our opinions are actually `` facts '' . 
  the judges passed down the judgement according to law . 
  the prosecutors were not able to prove that it was a hate crime .
