   it 's total nonsense based on no scientific reality . 
  aka the republican party motto ... but anyways , that 's how politics work . 
  actually , it worked that way for the last few centuries on both sides of the pond , why do you insist , that the eu should be different in this regard ? 
   so your police is instructed to remove ethnic information from crime reports to avoid offending some of them , but fuck those poles right ? 
  the ethnicity of the suspects can be found in the yearly statistics , wtf are you talking about ? 
   this can only turn more toxic . 
  ahahaha , obviously your name does n't check out , hahahaha ... wait ... . . ahahahahahahahahaha, 
  nope , i 'm just trying to broaden your horizon . 
  obviously a waste of time . 
  yes , but that 's not the point . 
  poland is a parliamentary republic , but the government is a semi-presidential one , here 's the wiki part ( although the matter is a little more complex and people are arguing quite a lot about precise definitions ) : `` under the premier-presidential system , the prime minister and cabinet are exclusively accountable to parliament . 
  the president chooses the prime minister and cabinet , but only the parliament may remove them from office with a vote of no confidence . 
  the president does not have the right to dismiss the prime minister or the cabinet . 
  however , in some cases , the president can circumvent this limitation by exercising the discretionary power of dissolving the assembly , which forces the prime minister and cabinet to step down . '', 
  it 's about the way how power is shared and who 's accountable to whom . 
  funny you say that , because : https://www.peacepalacelibrary.nl/ebooks/files/373430892.pdf i 'll cite from it : `` this paper combines an empirical model of external intervention with a theoretical model of civil war duration . 
  in doing so , it treats external intervention as an endogenous variable and , contrary to previous studies , finds that external intervention is positively associated with war duration . 
  this finding contradicts previous studies which typically argue that interventions may reduce the duration of the war ( see , e.g. , betts 1994 ) . '', 
  i 'll translate it for you : doing nothing , statistically grants you shorter civil wars . 
  getting involved statistically grants you longer wars . 
  you did n't trigger me , it 's obviously the other way around ( judging by the downvotes i get ) . 
  but yeah , internet fame points ... anyways , i am also not delusional , unlike you insist . 
  you people here have your judgements clouded by the usual mix . 
  you for example obviously have some kind of anti-eu and anti-germany thing going and will jump on any train that does exactly the opposite ( allegedly ) of what the eu and/or germany are doing . 
  here 's what i 'd like to see : i 'd like to see , that the eu send around 6-8 batallions of armored vehicles and infantry to ukraine , joined by 2 squadrons of f22 and 2 squadrons of a-10 from the us side . 
  the a-10s are right here in germany in spangdahlem . 
  the eu could provide another 2-4 squadrons of f16 and rafales and tornados for the ground attack and recce duties . 
  and then i would like to see them do their work and finish that shit in donbass . 
  but right about here all the crying would start about : `` are you retarded , that would cause a war with russia ! '' . 
  so what 's the other option ? 
  i guess talking , but that is going to take time , a lot of it and nobody will be satisfied in the end . 
  thus far we have to options , which could bring change to the status quo : talking ( long road , not fun ) , going in and doing our part to help ukraine ( shorter road , but we would have to watch our soldiers die ) . 
  so what 's the solution you people here are now parroting as the best thing since the invention of the wheel ?!, 
  yeah : doing nothing . 
  by simply importing more weapons you are actually advocating doing nothing . 
  you will trigger a spiral in which russia is easily going to call it and will simply provide more weapons ( they have enough of those ) . 
  you wo n't change shit , the status quo will be the same , independently of the new weapons from the west . 
  you have done exactly nothing . 
  you know what should be done ? 
  that guy `` giving '' now the weapons to ukraine , he should stop flirting with putin . 
  he should n't say that he is very confident that he is going to get along with him , because he seems like such a nice guy . 
  he should n't say that he is going to cooperate with him in matters of security . 
  and yes , merkel should n't do the retarded ns2 deal . 
  we should n't sell them shit and we should n't buy shit from them . 
  * that 's * what we should do . 
  we should send our troops . 
  not our weapons . 
  we should take responsibility and do what needs to be done ourselves !, 
  but you guys , yeeeeees , you are now in a full frenzy and ready to suck their dicks and swallow the whole fuckin load and are thinking , that getting those fuckin weapons is going to change shit !, 
  and that 's what triggers me !, 
  we , again do shit , we send them weapons , when we should actually get there ourselves and do what has to be done , we chose cowardice and the easy way out , which ( ai n't that nice ?! ), 
  is even going to get us a load of new nice money and you people here are clapping your hands , like it would actually matter . 
  you see , that 's a rant , fuckin amateur !, 
  you were the one comparing it , thus implying that it actually would be a feasible solution to just arm the ukrainian military to the point , where it was equivalent to the russian military . 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  hey look , the ukrainian adversary is clearly superior ( your word ) ... let 's give ukraine more weapons . 
  where 's the logic , when will be the point reached , when ukraine has enough weapons to defend itself agains a `` clearly superior '' enemy ? 
  give me a threshold , so we can settle it then . 
  just say something along the lines of : in my opinion we should give ukraine ammount x of weapons , so ukraine can * realistically * defend itself against russia in the case , that russia decides to actually fully invade ukraine . 
  just tell me , how it is supposed to work . 
  and then i 'll wait for the americans to deliver all those weapons and i sure as hell will hope , that your arithmetics worked ... 
  nice comparison ... ukraine has fuckin jets , tanks and helicopters . 
  and a shitload of aks ... ... oh shit , let 's give them a few of our nato rifles , because the one thing they clearly lack are weapons , right ? 
  nah , it was a wordy response to do something , which would actually * improve * the situation . 
  because , i do n't think that bringing in more weapons into a violent conflict is going to improve the situation , especially when the other side is simply going to bring in even more weapons as a response . 
  but , you can try the `` usual '' approach again . 
  it worked out nicely so far ... / s, 
  yes i do . 
  and what now ? 
  i opposed us providing weapons just as much ( to the saudis , kurds , etc. . . ) so what 's your point ? 
  besides the usual whataboutism between the lines here ... 
  i 've seen that comment before . 
  and it 's not a response , because we 're talking about different things . 
  that stems from the fact , that you actually expect russia to intend to invade ukraine . 
  i on the other hand am pretty sure , that they 're absolutely content with the situation the way it is . 
  russia has now a south ossetia/transnistria situation in ukraine . 
  that 's all they wanted . 
  your attitude towards me also stems from your interpretation , that i try to persuade people , that giving weapons to ukrainian soldiers is wrong . 
  but you 're wrong about that . 
  i know i repeat myself , but i truly do n't care . 
  like i said , you can have those weapons anytime you want . 
  yesterday if it would be possible . 
  i simply commented on the fact , that the only people , who are actually going to profit from that are sitting in the higher ranks of the us military , the us weapons industry and the ukrainian military and politics . 
  your defense forces will gradualy be `` americanized '' over the next decade . 
  it wo n't bring you lasting peace . 
  but it will bring `` them '' a lot of money . 
  all those weapons need to be sold . 
   despite the capitalist pigs . 
  that 's why i do n't care : you are implying some kind of message in the things i wrote , which simply is n't there . 
  you 're perception is clouded by your desperation . 
  i do n't care , because it 's not my place to care . 
  i 've cared a few years ago and then it turned out that `` caring '' does n't help . 
  anyways , you can have those weapons , i do n't care . 
  i really do n't . 
  use them , tell yourself , that they gon na help you getting those territories back . 
  i 'm not a nihilist . 
  the only solution for ukraine is getting russia to agree to fuck off . 
  gifting weapons to ukraine , wo n't change shit . 
  russia is completely ok with the situation right now . 
  a ton of new weapons will simply kill a few more people .
