   you have a terrible humor sense , hans . 
  at least i have one ... 
   you did ignore it , did n't you ? 
  so , you are projecting . 
  at least we cleared that one up then . 
  look , progress !, 
   i still do n't fully follow . 
  obviously  the expectation that sanctions alone could reverse the annexation of crimea was a little unrealistic nobody expected that . 
  at least nobody in political circles dealing with the fallout of that shitshow . 
   i was talking about the impact of eu sanctions against russia . 
  there are n't any . 
  the impact is intended against putin and his rich friends . 
  in that way the sanctions had effect . 
  any effect on russia is pure collateral damage . 
  you ca n't punish russia , also nobody wants that . 
   which would be why the kremlin wanted them removed . 
  wanting them to be removed would mean officially admitting that they are a bunch of corrupt elites . 
  they will rather sit still for a while and just keep complaining now and then . 
  credibility and stuff ...  unless you are saying that russia does n't prefers `` russia '' does n't do shit . 
  it 's the putin government and his inner circle . 
  you should ask them what they 'd prefer . 
  but i doubt you 'll get an answer . 
  thx . 
  sure they are . 
  please respond in a reply , asking me exactly how they are compatible . 
  i will respond in another reply telling you exactly that . 
  you will be unsatisfied with my answer and cherrypick certain points to illicit further response from my side hoping to expose the faults perceived by you and caused by your own view of the things . 
  let 's pull out our dicks and jerk them in a nice circle . 
  this meta is getting old mate ... you need a new one . 
   what russian actions do you mean ? 
  destabilizing ukraine , annexing crimea . 
  you know ... the sanctions were literally caused by those actions ... but ok , let 's play this stupid game then . 
  please answer me with a reply pointing out things other countries have done or something something polls in crimea , or something something the right of peoples to self-determination . 
  never heard that one before . 
  you literally wrote :  i was attacking your ... but you 're not mad . 
  yeah , i am the puppet ...  do i have to spell out sarcasm for you ? 
  you forgot the / s then , i guess . 
  i did n't realise that you were capable of higher forms of conversation . 
  your ramblings did n't indicate it in any way . 
  they still do n't . 
  but , i 'll try to spot your sarcasm in the future . 
  maybe you 'll get it right ... for once . 
   even though i know you will ignore it projecting much ? 
   russia 's tiny technological sectors that 's not the official line comrade . 
  you read the wrong news . 
   i was attacking your pathetic attempt at an argument , not you . 
  why are you so mad now ? 
  i was doing the same , without using words like pathetic and illiterate . 
  and you admitted , that i actually was better at it than you . 
  you told me that i am some kind of superhuman . 
  it 's there . 
  are you hungarians always like this ? 
  i am really sorry , i thought that we would reach an understanding , if i simply adapt to your enlightened ways . 
  we europeans never can do it right for you , ca n't we ... 
  no , democratic values and interests are not mutually exclusive . 
  they are compatible quite often . 
  the world ... not black and white ... you know the drill . 
   there are solid reasons to prefer the non-sanction status . 
  like i pointed out in another comment , there are not . 
  in the realm of international relations the russian actions ca n't be left unanswered . 
  even , when the answer is not very efficient , it is more efficient , than no answer at all . 
   frg pretty much annexed gdr gdr did n't belong to a foreign country . 
  unlike crimea . 
  therefore the more accurate comparison with kaliningrad . 
   do n't care about democracy , just interests . 
  i care about both . 
  welcome to real life . 
   which i consider soviets too . 
  how convenient  i do n't understand why are you trying to shift the argument against me , after admitting your idea would n't work . 
  this is not an argument anymore . 
  i 'm adapting to the way you do this . 
   fear of political prosecution by the occupying soviets for who knows how long does not seem bad at all , you are right . 
  political prosecution from the soviets . 
  the hungarians did prosecute them themselves . 
  stop dragging in the russians in this . 
  you like deferring your problems on outsiders , do n't you ? 
   why does the eu have to treat this crisis on it 's own ? 
  it does n't have to . 
  but it sure as hell can . 
  not like hungary . 
   you mean your skill of imagining a best case scenario and building a belief system on top of it ? 
  you mean the motto of hungary ? 
   or your skill of projecting your hatred against orb\u00e1n to me and everything that 's happening in our country ? 
  you mean the hungarian way ? 
   or your ability to judge a country and it 's people based on headlines ? 
  oh you mean , your way ? 
   sure , i 'll gladly stay down on earth please do that . 
   you supreme being . 
  thank you . 
  ussr is not russia . 
  also last time i checked germany did n't try to annex ... eh ... sorry ... reunify with kaliningrad again , did it ? 
   or joining russia was their choice , and you 're punishing them for that . 
  yep , exactly . 
  did n't deny that , did i ? 
   how it 's not punishment for their choice ? 
  are you for real ? 
  of course it is punishment . 
  and i conceded that this point explicitly hurts the people ... of crimea !, 
  i literally wrote :  i concede that much it 's right there !, 
  can anybody on this subreddit read ?
