  aks putin how much he cares about that . 
  if there 's one thing russia has , besides gas and oil , it 's a bigger shitload of old weapons . 
  so what will we have in the end ? 
  the us will gift you some weapons . 
  by that they 'll make sure to get a foot into the market . 
  they 'll start making money , thanks to the fucked up situation in the donbass region . 
  ok , not they , the military-industrial complex . 
  nothing will change after that . 
  a few , ok a lot more , people will get shot . 
  a lot of ammunition will be spent , but wait , now you 're firing that other shit . 
  not the old ak ammo . 
  now you started using the nato ammo . 
  someone will have to sell you new ammo , after you started using the new shit . 
  let 's guess , who that will be . 
  and then , hmm , wait if one batallion is starting to use the new weapons , then why stop there . 
  you ca n't have different systems , that would be stupid . 
  no army is using the russian and the nato system at the same time . 
  you would need to buy ammunition for both systems . 
  nah , that 's bullshit , let 's simply switch ... i guess , you will need a few more weapons , in order to have a uniform system in the army . 
  so now someone needs to sell you a few more rifles . 
  and if you 're already using the rifles , why stop there ? 
  what about your outdated rpgs ... we all know , that the us anti-armor weapons are way more effective , you want to buy a few ? 
  we have a good deal for you and if you want we could get you a few used f-16 , too . 
  poland has them and some other ee countries . 
  and if you actually plan on becoming a nato member , it would be best if you would buy them as soon as possible . 
  so now 10-15 years have passed , you have new american rifles , new anti-tank weapons and some new ( used ) nice airplanes . 
  but the donbass will still be , in the best case scenario some kind of transnistria like republic , where nobody shoots anybody , in the worst case a fuckin war-zone . 
  the only difference will be the ammunition you fire . 
  and a few people , who got rich ( er ) along the way . 
  a few ukrainian guys are quite happy reading these news right now , i 'm sure . 
  they 're sitting in your army and are ready to get bribed . 
  but yeah , i do n't care , you can have those weapons . 
  i 'm not against it . 
  they wo n't change a thing . 
  * that 's * why i do n't care . 
  because they wo n't change shit . 
  yeah yeah , i get it , the bad russkies and now the nice yankees are finally getting there and they gon na help you . 
  mate , i do n't care . 
  if you think that getting a ton of weapons from the us is going to be the end to your problems , then have fun . 
  they are like drug dealers . 
  you get your first batch for free . 
  because you 're friends now , right ? 
  and suddenly you 'll be buying all your fucking weapons , weapon systems , anything really from the us for the next 80 years . 
  they 're not giving you weapons for free ... they 're looking for new addicts ... ehm markets . 
  but who gives a shit anyway . 
  the us does n't , that 's for sure . 
  you 're on your fuckin ' own , just accept it . 
  everybody and their grandmas in the western world are out to make as much money as they can with you . 
  therefore the russians are their best friends . 
  as long there 's no lasting peace in ukraine , they gon na make a lot of dollars . 
  if you are actually interested in the topic , here you go : [ semi-presidential system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi-presidential_system ) it 's a mix of a presidential system and a parliamentary system ... poland actually is seen as a premier-presidential system which is one of the two subtypes ... 
  the wiki article should give you a good and short starting point regarding different types of government forms . 
  for the military-industrial complex it sure did . 
   you are a typical european leftist . 
  awwwwww , that hurts . 
  yeah , but that 's a different story , at least for me and it was not what i intended to talk about . 
  if i get you right you try to make a point that bulgaria is different compared to `` western '' countries , when it comes to some kind of muslim class . 
  that can be true , i do n't really have an informed opinon on this particular issue tbh and i did n't completely understand your point also . 
  i mean , sure , why not , it can be seen as a cultural clash . 
  at least there are elements of it . 
  but i would n't see it as the sole motivation here . 
  but anyways ... my point , the reason for my initial answer , was that the is does n't see bulgaria as an important target . 
  which , in my opinion at least , is the bigger factor right now , because they do n't invest the same ressources to radicalize the people in bulgaria . 
  the difference is , when you 're asking `` why do n't we have these problems here in bulgaria ? 
  '' , that you maybe have about a dozen radicals , who radicalized themselves , because they 're retards and always sympathised with the is . 
  germany and france have more radicals , because we are more exposed to is propaganda . 
  the is is publishing its videos in german and french . 
  it makes a difference . 
  the basic problems ( badly intergrated muslim communities and maybe even their hostile attitudes against the western ways ) may be the same in bulgaria and germany . 
  but they get exacerbated by is propaganda . 
  i 've read some days ago , that our muslim kids here in berlin are becoming more violent lately and , that they have quite radical views regarding jews and homosexuals . 
  so i would n't dismiss the cultural clash claim completely . 
  there is obviously a problem . 
  otoh i do n't think , that the cultural clash is the only explanatory factor . 
  we failed them to a certain degree , too . 
  but to sum it up : is propaganda is in my eyes the bigger factor right now , causing the radicalisation of muslim youths . 
  the underlying basic problems may be the same , but bulgaria does n't have those problems to the same extent , because bulgaria is ( luckily ) too unimportant as a target for the is . 
  haha , cool , a retarded circle-jerk . 
  have n't had one in a while , let 's do this !, 
   no freedom of speach hmm ... you 're completely wrong about this . 
  freedom of speech and thought is actually enshrined in our basic law . 
   a continuous mass influx hmmm ... you 're kinda wrong again ( surprise ! ) . 
  the numbers of refugees coming to germany are declining continuosly since at least a year now . 
   hard to assimilate/integrate immigrants yeah , that 's your subjective perception , so no real argument here . 
   demonizing fellow eu countries for their refusal to participate in germany 's suicidal policies . 
  demonizing ? 
  i 'd get building up pressure against them . 
  that would be true . 
  demonizing ... yeah , your subjective perception , so no real argument . 
  stop being a snowflake . 
  international politics is n't for pussies . 
   the blind obidience to a refugee convention it 's part of being a reliable partner . 
  obviously you do n't like that , but the german leadership does n't want to change decades worth of progress , because you people panic like little girls right now . 
   and is not fit for the current realities . 
  the international conventions on refugees are very fit for every time . 
  maybe one day you 'll get into the position , where you would have to rely upon those conventions . 
  you 'll be glad , that people adopted them . 
   ok with some counties bombing other countries your country was ok with bombing other countries aswell . 
  international politics , you know ... not for pussies . 
   but not ok with turning the boats full with economic migrants back .
