  most of those women would actually like to go to work and leave the kid with the father . 
  sadly many men still think , that their duty stops after the `` fun '' part . 
  but btt : women have been taking care of our kids for decades all around the world . 
  how many men died during that time in wars ? 
  i bet you , that more women raise kids than men die . 
  additionally take into consideration how long those women actually raise the kids . 
  and after they raised the kids they take care of the old ones , because again , men ca n't be assed to take care of their parents once they start to shit themselves at home . 
  you are so fuckin uninformed and uneducated on the general topic that it 's shocking . 
   in modern world no one is doing favors - if they stay at home or they like it , or they like social approve of child rising . 
  sure , all those mothers raise the kids for approval . 
  and they stay at home , because `` they like it '' . 
  i really do n't want to live in that mind you carry around with you . 
  must be a lot of dead weight . 
  that 's my last reply . 
  your views are seriously off the charts , even for reddit standards . 
  you should go back to fringe forums you people hang around usually . 
  in case you people like this stuff : r/slowtv, 
  yeah , i 'm also a little confused . 
  it would have been nice if the op would have also marked the autocephalous branches of the church . 
  and is it percentage of the people living in those districts ? 
  i somehow doubt that after all the socialist years in romania the church is still above 90 % . 
  i would have expected them to be more agnostic than that . 
   well , that 's one way to look at it . 
  it also means that europe did n't exist 70 years ago it means that `` european '' did n't exist 70 years ago . 
  i sure as hell would n't wish having the europe of 70 years ago , today , or in any kind of future . 
  i am pretty ok with the europe and the `` european '' system we have right now . 
  we made many steps into the right direction and it ensured the well-being of many europeans . 
  and yes , it does n't stop me from using my definition of european , because that definition is based on todays europe . 
  we are here because of our history . 
  and this europe and its european values are very nice . 
  values which russia does n't adhere to . 
  rule of law , inclusion , respect for the borders of neighbouring countries , freedom of the press ... nah , not very russian values . 
  so please keep telling me how russia today is european . 
  oh yes , of course , if we compare it to some european countries from 70 years ago ... yeah , then it would actually make sense . 
  and spare me your advice . 
  if i would get a cent for every advice all the `` smart '' people gave me in my life ... i would n't spend my time on reddit . 
  i actually would move to russia and live a filthy , corrupt life . 
  the russian way . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  man , i do n't give a fuck . 
  it was just some shitposting from me about finland , russia and sweden . 
  i know , that if russia seriously considers attacking sweden , that we are going to be fucked anyways . 
  it is not going to end well for anybody within a 10000km radius around sweden . 
  that 's why i find these `` scenarios '' entertaining . 
  they are valid till first contact . 
  after that the few surviving people on all sides will have fun rebuilding pretty much everything between moscow and london . 
  nah dude , you have to take finland into account . 
  by the time russia * actually * makes it to sweden , they will be decimated by fins so hard , that sweden can take care of the rest . 
  i am of course just joking around . 
  i find these kind of `` scenarios '' entertaining sometimes . 
  i hope that russia is not really thinking about pushing yet another border . 
  first of all , i commend you on being this thorough and willing to discuss your views . 
  i respect that . 
   see , i think `` western values '' include ideas like ... 
  i see that , and i see what you think about that . 
  but in my opinion and yes it is my personal opinion , you are not really right . 
  there is an area of overlap between what you call western values and what i call european values . 
  but i will insist on the fact that our european values are different and more encompassing than american values . 
  this is caused by the fact that we in europe have a leftist heritage , caused by i 'll call it a french tradition . 
  you know , the \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 parts . 
  they make us different and those parts define us against the more general points you made and which you call western values . 
  i guess this is also the reason why many americans view us as socialists and why the brits did n't really get warm with our european idea . 
  claiming that i 'm moving goalposts is kinda wrong . 
  there are quite a few distinctions between our point of view and the us ( western ) point of view . 
  and i am not placing emphasis on social security . 
  i am including it . 
  it is the combination of all those traits that make up the european idea as it started to develop in the last few decades . 
  also we 're back again at a different point i try to make all the time . 
  there is a set of european values . 
  which is distinct from `` western '' values as you call it . 
  we europeans are different . 
  we can not be subsumed under some kind of `` western '' world . 
  we have our own traits and our own views , based on our histories . 
   the russian people did n't decide anything . 
  and extrapolating from this unique historical situation is a bit wrong to be frank that 's my point . 
  the russian people never had the chance to decide . 
  nobody asked them whether they want to be reformed and `` europeanized '' . 
  and you took that point in time , not me . 
   the core problem here is , i think , the idea that western values are `` european '' . 
  for you this seems to be some kind of core point . 
  i do n't think that western values are european . 
  i think that there are european values and western values . 
  there is overlap between the two and they are compatible in many ways . 
  but they are not completely the same and some parts of it cause friction quite often . 
  yes western values and european values are close to each other because of historic legacies . 
  but the west ( us ) is lacking our `` leftist '' view , because it is dominated to an extent by the british legacy . 
   central to the idea of being european were , historically , not enlightenment values but traits like historically , i mean very historically . 
  after the religion wars in germany and the westphalian system europe started to define its own path especially after the collapse of the holy roman empire actually . 
  christianity got divided between catholics and protestants and we needed a way to include them all into the new societies . 
  roman and greek legacies did n't help with that . 
  we needed new ideas , which led to pluralism , individualism , freedom of speech , accountability of the political class , feminism all that stuff . 
  these things are specifically european , not roman , for example . 
  and they could n't be superimposed on russia , because they opted for their own way with their own history and culture . 
   no , i am not , i have given reasons for why russia should be considered european . 
  the definition of europe currently popular with the russian government and its supporters lacks factual basis and should not be taken into account in this matter . 
  and i have given you reasons why russia should be considered russian . 
  i think , that we should , finally , give the russian people a chance to decide for themselves what they want to be . 
  we should let them be `` not-european '' . 
  it 's the first time in their history that they actually can chose now . 
  also , comparing putin and edinaya rossiya to hitler and the nsdap is kinda uncalled for .
