  it does n't matter what i think about it . 
  you might think that the german way is too lenient . 
  this is your opinion . 
  in my opinion it certainly has its flaws but it is not bad . 
  the judgement was according to law , every aspect was taken into account . 
  those against the defendants as well as those for the defendants . 
  just because you do n't like them you ca n't ignore them . 
  wait , i heard this one quite often before ... something , something , fact , truth ... etc. 
   do you have a different suggestion for a headline ? 
  or are you only criticising because i said ` leftist ' ? 
  nope , i think the headline describes the post in a concise way without any bias . 
  it 's nice for a change . 
  they are political cartoons . 
   one-liner would have been better as a click-bait title for it . 
  how this is supposed to be click-bait escapes my sense of logic . 
  it 's `` political cartoons of the week '' . 
  it describes the content of the page if you follow the link . 
  you get cartoons . 
   a side note , ` liberal ' in the us more or less equates to ` leftist ' and that is the reason why we should use the same definitions here on r/europe ?!, 
  yep , seems logical . 
  / s so we have 3 out of 7 which seem to be leftist according to your interpretation . 
  the rest is maybe / ca n't decide . 
  i wo n't count the soares cartoon as leftist . 
  the cartoon does n't even have a political message . 
  it 's simply about the death of an important political figure . 
  furthermore : mocking trump equates `` leftist '' ? 
  that 's nice . 
  i like this kind of enlightened logic the most . 
  surprisingly the german media sees it in a different way . 
  he gets mocked in cartoons from every side here . 
  this somehow has to mean that germany is seriously `` leftist '' by default then . 
  but anyways : 3 out of 7 !, 
  ... leftist cartoons ... sure bro . 
   * edit/addendum : ` your enlightened interpretation of `` true '' ' -- sorry , i can not relate this comment of yours to anything i wrote in my original comment . 
  i really like your style , it reeks of jovial arrogance . 
  oh , and it does n't surprise me at all that you ca n't . 
  and what 's leftist about them ?!, 
  just want to understand your enlightened interpretation of `` true '' . 
   leftist, 
  oh , you like your little labels do n't ya ? 
   while they were convicted , the court legitimised attacking civilian and religious sites as a valid form of political protest . 
  no it did n't . 
  how do you people come to these conclusions ? 
  it 's astonishing . 
  because it 's the meta on r/europe . 
  i guess they somehow ignore the `` agenda pushing '' in the little box at the top . 
   where they end up turning a blind eye to the persecution of the jews ... sure sure , so much for living in your own world . 
  there is not one jewish building here in berlin that does n't have at least 2 police officers standing guard 24/7 . 
  german officials are very well aware of the fact that the jewish community is not really safe . 
  it is simply not true that someone here is turning a blind eye on that issue . 
  but we value the principle of law in this country . 
  and what people here hate most is when other people get some kind of special treatment in front of the court because it would fit the political debate . 
  our courts are independent of politics and they shall remain independent . 
  the fact that it was a jewish synagogue is not reason enough to warrant some kind of extra hard punishment . 
  it would be if the court would have been able to prove beyond reasonable doubt that it actually was motivated by hate against jews , or judaism . 
  the court was n't able to do so , therefore it had to punish the perpetrators for the crimes they could prove . 
  arson for example . 
  how the actual fuck did you come to all these conclusions ? 
  principle of law does n't work according to your assumptions and feelings . 
  the court took all the evidence into consideration . 
  the rest is business as usual . 
   `` this court decision can also lead to anarchy across germany , '' said kantor , `` because it provides a legal justification for the targeting of any minority , religion and nationality on the basis of a conflict that they could be in some way connected to because of religious or national ties . '', 
  yeah sure it can , when people like you and the author of that article want to stir up some shit . 
  and when it happens the courts will also take the evidence into account and judge accordingly . 
  how exactly , please enlighten me . 
  yep , what 's your point ? 
  it 's called hyperbole . 
  by taking into account the evidence and not being able to prove the contrary . 
  wow , fuck me , i think this is how a `` rechtsstaat '' ( state of law ) works . 
  we germans like having that . 
  but wait : if you ca n't see how this actually can be possible , then it must be wrong . 
  i like your logic . 
  what kind of double standard ? 
  so if it 's a jewish synagogue the perpetrators have to be punished extra hard ? 
  do i understand you correctly ? 
  you can . 
  then you will be convicted for arson like those guys did . 
  it 's a win win for many people . 
  you in a prison , a church less ... happy times . 
  i 'd rather not , thank you again . 
  i 'd rather not , thank you . 
   nothing strange or funny about the fact ... dude , it was meant as : `` hey !, 
  fun fact !, 
  nice to know . 
  many people actually do n't know ... '' kinda tone . 
  you really need to stop interpreting everything i say in a literal way :-) i find it interesting to know that the girl actually was a real person not just some generic thing the sculptor had in mind while designing the memorial site . 
  when you stand in front of it , it makes you think and connect to it in a different way . 
  about the tanks : yeah i know . 
  they produced so many of them , it 's no surprise that people did n't know what to do with them and started to use them as decoration :-) . 
  oh , and about the flowers . 
  i can do that , maybe next week , the weather is pretty shit right now . 
  i do n't mind putting flowers there . 
  fallen soldiers deserve respect regardless of their nationality , especially when they were killed thousands of kilometers away from home and got burried there . 
  the memorials in berlin ( which are also `` kriegsgr\u00e4berst\u00e4tten '' , ... cemeteries for fallen soldiers ) are taken care of and they are actually often surrounded by nice parks . 
   signed : hysterical woman come on , i am pretty sure that you have been called worse . 
  i do n't see anything new here . 
  i guess it 's politics . 
  meaning : the police would like to use the elections to get new money . 
  now every politician will have to promise to take care of that problem . 
  there is the term dark field .
