  this `` positionspapier '' is just the usual `` political '' fight that seehofer started . 
  and people in germany know what happened to all the other people who tried to pick a fight with merkel . 
  edit : a few typos . 
  it is all part of the plan . 
  you soon will have the pleasure to watch `` ber , the movie '' followed by `` ber , the musical '' and `` ber , 10 years later . 
  what happened to it ? '' . 
  pure genius . 
  `` we do n't secure the safety of our women in the public space '' sounds absolutely dumb . 
  first there is the distinction between our and their women . 
  so we do n't need to secure their safety ? 
  but never mind , it sounds even dumber without that implication . 
  why our women ? 
  do they belong to us ? 
  bashing patriarchal islamic societies while sounding like a chauvinistic ass is really the way we should go about it . 
  and lastly : in the public space . 
  so their safety within their homes is up to them then ?!, 
  violence at home and within the family is ok . just write : `` we do n't secure the safety of women enough '' and you would actually make a halfway decent statement . 
  and people like you wonder why others do n't take you seriously . 
  reddit , the place to hypothesize about different ways to die ... and which one is more enjoyable ... when actually talking about an article that tells us that germans feel safe . 
  wtf, 
  stupig germans , they do n't feel it . 
  must make them more feely . 
  send the guys from breitbart , that 'll help !, 
  bwahaha ... that is going to make death by cancer so much more enjoyable . 
  all the oncologists should tell their patients now : hey man just imagine u would have to die in a plane crash . 
  this way you can at least manage your estate before death . 
  mental gymnastics ... these are some . 
  there also did n't use to be people who wanted to desdtroy europe from within this badly before . 
  i fear them more than any terrorist . 
  i still feel very secure in berlin . 
  the paradox thing is this : people yelling how they are `` affected '' by terrorism although they are far far away . 
  they then start to actually change my way of life although there is no need to . 
  more surveillance wo n't make it better . 
  voting for right wing parties wo n't make it better for the future of my kid . 
  my life was perfectly fine and it still is . 
  we have bigger problems than terrorism . 
  inequality , social tension , europe being torn apart and the rise of populist parties , not to mention trump , are far more worrying than islamist idiots . 
  our way of life will be destroyed by ourselves and not by them . 
  i checked berlin this morning ... the people in the u-bahn were as annoyed as always . 
  i took the 9 crossing berlin . 
  no shock . 
  most of them seemed tired . 
  i am no media . 
  normal dude living in berlin . 
  i am also not in shock . 
  berlin has some seriously kinky places \\ clubs . 
  but the people are rather normal i 'd say . 
  oh you mean just like the last few years . 
  it 's the same every time . 
  they will try again and again . 
  nothinhg new here . 
  the csu will cry the loudest like always . 
  just google wagenknecht blames merkel for the attacks in berlin . 
  you should get a few results . 
  you can also watch her interview for rt. 
  she tries to get more appealing to ... 
  i guess afd voters who are disappointed by the left ?!, 
  the fuck do i know . 
  gwaaaaah , this is one of the best and strangely informative comments i have read in a long time . 
  have an upvote !, 
  yeah , of course , right !, 
  your flair and your name are really telling . 
  you absolutely `` look '' polish to anybody on this subreddit . 
  meh , nobody is ignoring anything . 
  ok , nobody besides the people who are living in their own bubble . 
  the papers are full with this shit and the public debate is asolutely nuts by now . 
  this subreddit is full of this `` do you idiots finally see it ? 
  i told ya for the last 50 !!!!, 
  years1 !, 
  paris is obviously already lost . 
  you ca n't live there anymore unless you are muslim . 
  berlin is a lost cause because of all the stupid `` multikulti '' leftist idiots there . 
  sweden , wow buddy , blondes are raped on a daily , no !, 
  hourly ! , basis there . 
  the only good countries where you can actually live a decent human life are poland and hungary obviously , because they got it right !, 
  ( ok , unless you are gay , a woman , a muslim , a jew , or pick your flavor of the day ) . 
  then try to pretend that you are not and they will `` tollerate '' you . 
  i am absolutely tired of this shit . 
  i am left leaning , i never voted for merkel but right now i actually am convinced that this time i do n't have a choice but to vote for her . 
  this retarded debate has brought me to that point . 
  i have been admitting for the last one and a half year that there is obiously a problem . 
  and that we need realistic solutions . 
  but on the internet there is no fuckin middleground . 
  it 's either we close the borders and deport every fuckin human being ever , or the opposite . 
  people pointing out that the situation is way more complex and that we need an approach that is not based on pure hyperbole are getting downvoted . 
  they are getting called libtards , lefties , they are getting applauded on the loyalty to some `` beliefs '' ( obviously not in a mocking self-righteous way , right ? ) . 
  we can not find and discuss solutions if there is no middleground left . 
  every time again and again this shit becomes a `` culture-religion '' bullshit circlejerk . 
  i am absolutely in favor of kicking out the persons who do n't adhere to our laws . 
  but i also do n't see any reason why we should force people to denounce their religion in order to integrate themselves . 
  why ca n't we have both , for example ? 
  i absolutely see a problem in the fact that the muslim faith tends to degrade the role of the woman . 
  but there are muslims ( my neighbours ) who do n't adhere to that interpretation . 
  the woman is not wearing any kind of veils , etc. 
  so it is obviously possible . 
  why should n't this be taken into consideration when thinking about the topic ? 
  i am aware of the fact that islamist terror is an accute problem . 
  but i do n't see why i should be forced to see the causality many people try to construe . 
  `` there are many muslims killing for their faith , therefore all muslims need to give up their faith in order to integrate themselves '' is not a solution . 
  so what the fuck do you propose we do ?
