  you 're projecting again . 
  there are plenty of controversial opinions around here . 
  it 's r/europe after all . 
  start a thread about two-speed-eu , enjoy the controversies . 
  this guy is n't controversial at all . 
  he just simply turns up and is trolling around for the top keks . 
  but , let 's have this controversy : name one good thing about hitler . 
  inb4 he loved his dog . 
  oh and ok , maybe exporting those death camps to poland . 
  now everybody thinks they 're polish . 
  i 'll concede that one . 
  smart move . 
  oh boy ... last week it turned out that you granted ze gays equal rights . 
  and now you are telling us that you 're freakin feminists , too !, 
  do you want to be the next sweden ? 
  because this is how you become the next sweden !, 
  you should downvote this fast , unless you want the world to notice you !, 
  till now you were grumpy men in the world 's perception ... this is about to change , if you keep this shit up . 
  the only guy who could actually save your asses is kimi ... r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen :-) ... . . / s i also upvoted :-), 
   i linked you material on it . 
  read it . 
  you did n't . 
  you linked some strange propaganda . 
  and now you link me to a `` hungarian '' museum in cleveland . 
  are you for real ? 
  are russia and hungary friends ? 
  yes or no ? 
  are orb\u00e1n and putin good friends ? 
  yes or no ? 
  who is not answering questions here ? 
  if they are such good friends , that putin even gets invited to unveil a memorial for the brave soldiers who fought for hungarian independence against all those insurgents , how can you call it an attack ? 
  there was no attack !, 
  if there ever were an attack , putin would n't have been invited to hungary . 
  you are lying again . 
  you ignore all my questions and just lie . 
  yeah , you wish . 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  thinking is not your strong suit . 
  please send the high energy guys . 
  why the hell do we always get you ? 
  t_d really hates europe , where are the really dank memers ? 
  sad !, 
  fp always fucks up my browser with their stupid shit . 
  wo n't open their page . 
  you might as well copy/paste it here . 
  but it does n't matter anyway , i actually never liked fp . 
  the low energy t_d guy is here again and tries to be `` controversial '' ... again ... 
  i guess it 's trendy among t_d pedes to spend their time here and to try to be ... what are you actually trying ? 
  ( funny , edgy , controversial ? ), 
  you pretty much fail at whatever it might be . 
   for more pictures , follow this link . 
  you 're still obsessing about those `` soviet '' tanks ? 
  what 's your problem ? 
   do you not believe it was an attack ? 
  what attack ? 
  your government invited them to save the country . 
  orb\u00e1n is still on very good terms with russia . 
  why should i believe you ? 
  obviously the russians and the hungarians are very good friends . 
  what `` attacks '' ? 
  friends do n't attack each other . 
  they came to help you and you call it an attack . 
  at least orb\u00e1n did n't forget , thank god . 
  as a good christian i have nothing but compassion for you and your situation . 
  i understand that life is hard for you right now . 
  my apologies if i insulted you . 
  i just hoped that you would find it in your heart to help others too . 
  i thought that hungary was a christian country . 
  i sincerely hope , that nothing but love will be in your future , my lonely friend from hu . 
   no , something more empty does . 
  you mean the voices in that empty thing you 're carrying on your shoulders ? 
  you should n't listen to them that often . 
  try to leave your basement now and then . 
  talk with some refugees . 
  oh wait , you ca n't . 
  they 're actually in real camps , not like the ones you were talking about , when those `` soviets '' `` attacked '' your `` country '' . 
  oh shit , i guess that 's what happens , when you live in your own world for too long . 
  you reply to your inbox and listen to voices . 
  i pity you . 
  my lonely friend . 
   i 'm simply replying to my inbox . 
  but why are you doing that ? 
  why are you replying to your inbox ? 
  is the inbox talking to you ? 
   that 's hardly an obsession . 
  still here , obsessing . 
  you need to stop . 
  i am starting to get worried . 
   and i can see the results . 
  what results ? 
  you , again , fail to make any sense . 
   i 'm looking at your posts why are you obsessing so much about my posts ? 
  do you have some kind of agenda ? 
  you need to talk to somebody , before it 's too late . 
  username checks out . 
  better . 
  try to keep up , fam . 
  so you 're not only projecting , but you 're also obsessing about my obsessions a lot for someone who clearly does n't care . 
  oh boy ... this is more serious , than i would have thought . 
  whataboutism ?
