  this article is pure gold because it 's : sweden/feminism/iran in one piece . 
  the only thing missing is freedom of speech . 
  then this thread would actually lift off like a rocket to the edge of the universe . 
  we should implement some kind of check-list in the sidebar of such threads to keep track if all the usual `` arguments '' have been thoroughly `` discussed '' . 
  no way , what , why , you mean , what , shit , what , where , why , gib link ! , nooo waaaaaaaaaaay !, 
  are you serious ? 
  why ? 
  how ? 
  whyyyyy ? 
  i am waiting for the day when news from the us do n't leave me completely dumbfounded for like 5 minutes ... 
  i find the bbc title a little strange to be honest . 
  the president is elected by the federal assmebly and not solely by the `` law makers '' . 
  here 's the wiki link : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_convention_ ( germany ) and to quote from it : the l\u00e4nder representatives are not solely politicians : it is customary for some states to nominate celebrities or other prominent and notable people , although most of l\u00e4nder representatives are often politicians , usually those in the state cabinet or other important state officials . 
  so yeah , the more you know . 
  he got arrested for being a dumbass . 
  the right to free speech does n't cover being an idiot . 
  anyways , he got arrested because it 's standard procedure when the police and the judiciary needs to prosecute you . 
  he did n't go to jail . 
  he got fined and he learned that saying all jews must die is not considered as a joke . 
  also , he obviously would have gotten away with it . 
  but he decided that displaying his idiocy on youtube would be a good idea . 
  furthermore , the right to free speech is intended for people to express their minds towards governments or public/political institutions . 
  it is not intended for making jokes about the death of millions of people . 
  it is also not intended for being an idiot . 
  if you want to insult and mock people , go ahead , but do n't be surprised when they sue you , because they do n't think it 's funny . 
  many people realize that being dumb is not covered by any laws . 
  quite the contrary . 
  therefore , please spare me your bullshit . 
   going to prison for having the wrong opinion , have you learnt nothing from your history ? 
  you do n't go to prison for opinions . 
  you go to prison for instigating hate and telling people that they have to kill/destroy/ethnicly cleanse other people . 
  or for saying that the holocaust never happened , or at least was n't such a bad thing like others think . 
  we have learned from history that humans are fuckin dumb . 
  that you can feed them lies and they are ready to kill eacht other , to torture each other and worse . 
  we have laws to prevent that . 
   fuck off you authoritarian hatemonger ahahaaha ... there is no need to `` prove '' him wrong , because there is no truth to anything he complained about . 
  that 's why i called him out on is bullshit . 
  there is no `` legitimate '' complaint . 
  because nobody , not a single law , is hindering him to question parts of the holocaust ( as he put it ) . 
  he is fully allowed to do so . 
  therefore : everything he said was bullshit . 
   sure ? 
  i can go to prison for questioning certain individual parts the holocaust on my blog such bullshit again . 
  stop telling lies . 
  you can not go to jail for `` questioning '' parts of the holocaust . 
  you will be prosecuted if you decide that your kind to `` questioning '' said parts is in fact denying that the holocaust ever happened . 
  you will also get into trouble with the law if you decide to advocate that the holocaust was n't such a big thing and that `` we should stop worrying about it guys , because come on ... it 's not 6 millions , it was only 1 million . 
  so no biggie '' . 
   attacks on free speech today , such as censoring people drawing mohammad are always originated from the left . 
  it 's funny how all this bullshit is being pushed upon us under the guise of `` free speech '' . 
  you are wasting everybodys time with all this bullshit you are spreading here . 
  becoming bitter about it is not going to help . 
  getting a democratic society takes more than one generation . 
  those people who grew up mostly in a democratic romania are now around 30 and will start to shape the future of the country . 
  seeing the protests shows that there still is democratic potential . 
  the people start to keep their representatives accountable . 
  this in turn only works because of the efforts against corruption and the president who lends the masses a voice . 
  people start to realize that the fight is not futile . 
  it took romania 30 years to develop institutions which are actually working for the people and are not a vehicle for corrupt people to get richer . 
  this is also the base for romania 's youth to get more engaged in the future of their country and to invest time and money . 
  when they see that there is actually a reason to do so , because their efforts pay off . 
  before the elections i think most young people were not sure about the future of romania . 
  now on the other hand i think that they start to see that there is a chance to improve the situation . 
  it takes time . 
  democracy does n't follow a binary logic , like full democracy , or zero democracy . 
  there are nuances . 
  it takes time to reach a certain level of democracy . 
  people need to learn to be democratic and to value democratic principles . 
  implementing a democratic voting system is the easiest part . 
  having a functioning judiciary which efficiently can enforce the rule of law ( ( c ) protection of the human rights of all citizens , and ( d ) a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens ) is pretty hard , as you might witness in hungary , poland , romania or russia for example . 
  having people who are ready to fulfill the prerequisite for ( b ) the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life is even harder . 
  that 's the reason why we can be proud of romania these days . 
  they actively were fighting for their democracy . 
  so yeah , romania was n't always as democratic as it is now . 
  it took a long time and a lot of work to reach what they have now . 
  and it will take a lot of time and even more work to get even further . 
  democracy is not given to you only because you are allowed to vote . 
  congrats , you managed to be the first to post a useless comment in this thread . 
  it adds nothing to anything . 
  quick !, 
  call your mom so she can get it on video !, 
   it 's the truth . 
  so it 's fake news then ?!, 
  alternative facts ?!, 
  i just ca n't keep up anymore . 
  come on , wtf . 
  i am convinced by now that all these guys ( including trump with his tweets ) actually have a sinister plan to render guys like b\u00f6hmermann , colbert , stewart , etc. 
  useless . 
  you just ca n't top this shit . 
  they provide their own satire now . 
  as far as i can conclude navalny does n't have a big enough voter base in russia , therefore the verdict wo n't stir up any kind of real trouble internally . 
  that 's why i think , that it 's their way of giving everybody a huge middle finger and showing how many fucks they actually give about echr , etc. 
  and the opinion of the `` west '' . 
  if you can read russian : http://www.newsru.com/world/08feb2017/givi.html the short summary is : it 's confirmed by pretty much everybody in donetsk . 
  the russians of course are denying any involvement ( that 's actually funny ) . 
  the dnr guys are of course saying that it was a terrorist act , probably conducted by ukrainian special forces . 
  there seem to be two versions of his death . 
  the one that is reported most is that he got killed in his office through a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rpo-a_shmel . 
  the other one is saying that it might have been a bomb . 
  i find it particularly interesting , because i just talked about this guy 2 days ago .
