  i am not convinced , sorry . 
   russians took part in many of the developments and events characteristic for europe yeah , i highly doubt that . 
  their tsarist heritage tied russia through family ties to europe . 
  that 's all . 
  the people did n't really care for all of that . 
  after all `` the people '' killed the whole romanov family in the end . 
  europe has been defined by english , french , german , italian and dutch thinkers . 
  our pluralistic , modern system is defined by locke , hobbes , rousseau , kant , etc. 
  not many russian names plop up . 
  this whole shit is pretty ridiculous by now tbf . 
  if i go to hungary and ask the people there , how european they feel , they smile friendly and tell me they 're hungarians . 
  if i 'd ask a man on the street in `` russia '' , if he feels european the probability is high that he would tell me something about gay people and then tell me to fuck of . 
  there was a short debate here on this sub about european values and many people did n't know what the hell we were actually talking about . 
  something about multikulti and immigration hurr durr . 
  also `` liberalism '' ... 
  but yeah , suddenly russia is `` european '' . 
  putin the guy who would gladly see the eu getting destroyed is `` european '' . 
  a country , where politicians of the opposition are incarcerated or shot on the street is `` european '' . 
  a country that annexed parts of a different european country and conducts a covert war on the territory of said country is `` european '' . 
  yeah sure ... russia does n't subscribe , it never has , to any of our european values . 
  it is gegraphicaly a part of europe . 
  that alone wo n't make it european . 
   and if you do , i simply wo n't reply to you anymore . 
  oh no ... ... anyways slavic culture is part of europe . 
   the whole `` russians '' are not european thing is coming from the political russia/west divide . 
  and they are right . 
  i do n't get this european arrogance . 
  why are n't we calling the us european ? 
  they are actually more european than russia . 
  they are celebrating oktoberfest and st patrick 's day . 
  they even have their christmas and new year 's eve on the same day as we in europe . 
  but somehow they decided to call themselves american after their independence war and we in europe decided to accept that . 
  but when russia decided to call itself russian , because there never really was enough european thought in russian identity , we decide to ignore that and treat them like little kids who do n't know it better . 
  the russian aristocracy married into european houses , because they thought , that russia needs to be more european . 
  that was more than a century ago . 
  the russian people did n't really care for all that shit . 
  european culture was always detached from the normal russian daily life . 
  after the tsar era we got a few decades worth of marxism/leninism/stalinism . 
  not very european again . 
  after that we got a country that has to define its own identity , that obviously is n't `` entirely european '' . 
  by all the comments here , i actually would conclude that we gladly can accept georgia , azerbaijan , armenia , uzbekistan and the other * stans into the eu someday , because they are as european as russia . 
  they were part of russia . 
  so they must be somehow also part of europe . 
   russian culture is entirely european . 
  this is so arrogant , that it is n't even funny anymore . 
  so , we ignore the rest and make them also european by proximity then ? 
  or are they something else ? 
  how does this work exactly . 
  where 's the line ? 
  yes , that is all true . 
  however we are talking about the biggest country on earth . 
  it reaches to the pacific . 
  it is to a significant part also asian . 
  like i said , calling vladivostok european is quite the stretch . 
  calling it asian would also be pretty strange . 
  why ca n't we call it russian , which it obviously is ? 
   much of the history , arts and politics has been european . 
  this makes me kinda itchy . 
  the russian elites tried to be european for a long time , because they thought of us as some kind of enlightened beings . 
  the russians themselves , not the 10 % of piter and moscow , never really bought into the whole european heritage view . 
  that 's why it was so easy for putin to bring them up against the `` west '' and `` western views '' . 
  russians simply do n't identify as europeans . 
  they see themselves as russians first . 
  so , i 'll stick to my position . 
  russia is geographically part of europe , at least a third of it . 
  politically and culturally russia is russian . 
  st. petersburg and moscow are maybe close to a european lifestyle but krasnodar , vladivostok etc are pretty russian . 
  why the hell are people trying to make russia european ? 
  is it that hard to accept that russia is russian just like the us are american . 
  we do n't call them european either . 
  and , again , i did n't doubt that russia is important for europe . 
  i simply doubt that the cover is important for any kind of debate . 
  we had this kind of stuff ( the spiegel has a real hard-on for the issue obviously ) quite a few times already . 
  furthermore : we can start a topic about the relations between russia and the us and the consequences for europe . 
  i can see use in that . 
  it happens quite often . 
  but this thread is simply about a cover of the spiegel . 
  how 's that a good topic . 
  anyways , i guess it 's rather a topic for the europemeta sub . 
  i see that now . 
   so beat it yeah , thanks for the kind words . 
  i am not doubting that the countries are included in r/europe . 
  you only want to read something into my comment , that i did n't wrote . 
  russian and turkish news are very relevant here . 
  that 's clear and it is a reason why i visit this sub quite often . 
  i am merely asking how this cover is relevant ? 
  why do we need yet another trump cover in here . 
  how is this * european * news ? 
  what the new thing here ? 
  it 's yet another spiegel cover . 
  and i kinda worry that it will only invite the usual suspects to brigade this thread again . 
  also , i realize that it 's `` not my call '' . 
  i simply asked a question . 
  it 's not agains the rules . 
  putin is pretty russian and not european at all . 
  and last time i checked many russians did n't view themselves as europeans . 
  the only definition that would make russia european is a geographic one . 
  besides that russia is pretty far away from europe . 
  but i agree that putin/trump * can * be relevant for europe . 
  i just fail to see how this cover is relevant for europe .
