  whereas slavic women tend to formshift after marriage and the first kid ... i heard ... :-) we should make a poll !, 
  thanks . 
  wish you the same , let 's make 2017 great again :-), 
  does n't work when your kid does n't get the concept of `` weekends '' . 
  i sometimes read a book . 
  i do n't use my phone in bed , crazy i know . 
  such oldschool much wow ... 
  well yeah , i have to wake up and bring my kid to the kindergarten and so on and son . 
  take care of him do some chores , you know ... normal life . 
  stupid time zones ... as a european i am going to bed in about 10 minutes ... those pesky americans are declaring their diplomatic war against russia right before i go to bed . 
  the russians never sleep and even when they sleep they wake up before me and start posting here while i am still sleeping . 
  i forgot to buy popcorn and i am going to miss all the russian friends asking `` what about america '' questions and/or telling `` deal with it , we are the new bullies on the block '' jokes . 
  i will be at least 4-6 hours late to the party !, 
  ffs !, 
  without popcorn !, 
  nooooo , do n't do that !, 
  if he 's a real canadian he is going to apolgize for his mistake and all is fine . 
  at least that 's what reddit taught me . 
  canadians apologize all the time . 
  also , we might need to keep friendly ties to them . 
  canada seems to be a nice place . 
  on the other hand we got a shitload of awfuly himym seasons because of that canadian girl that could n't make up her mind about that architacture guy ... in season 1 !!!!, 
  ftfy  how about not filling your countries with people who want to kill you in the first place ? 
  i thought you 're canadian ... which `` us '' are you referring to on r/europe ? 
  do n't get me wrong , you have every right to write your opinion here , but at least formulate it in a way that is closer to reality . 
  or do you have problems with immigrants too in canada ? 
  are the disappointed hillary voters that dangerous ? 
  nope ... i think you are wrong . 
  if you would compare a regulation against terrorist immigrants and this regulation , i am sure that this regulation saves absolutely more lives . 
  it works as intended and saves people from getting crushed by trucks on highways for example . 
  a very real problem that is affecting a lot of people in the whole eu . 
  u wan na tell me that eu regulations are actually not some pesky stupid things devised by the devil himself ? 
  who would 've thunked ?!, 
   you know what would save more lives ? 
  ... ergo : it would not save more lives . 
   great read , something sane bwahahaha , it 's biased as fuck . 
  just clickin on his name and looking through the other articles this guy wrote ( http://theweek.com/authors/michael-brendan-dougherty ) you can pretty much guess what kind of agenda he is pushing . 
  this one is particularly nice : http://theweek.com/articles/669030/angela-merkel-destroying-europe but hey , who gives a shit when `` the founder and editor of the slurve , a newsletter about baseball '' is writing about politics like he would actually know anything about it . 
  and also : who gives a shit when `` his bias is just like my bias '' , right ? 
  then it is a `` great read '' . 
  lmao !, 
  i 'm fuckin annoyed by all these biased bullshit articles circling around here . 
  every one of them , regardless of bias . 
  we should have a policy stating that for every biased article there has to be one of the other bias and at least 2 unbiased in the comment section . 
  so people can read up on topics and fuckin educate themselves , not only on the topic itself , but also on recognizing how much biased bullshit there actually is . 
  i am abolutely sure that there are a lot of smart people lurking here , from each european country , who could provide insightful information . 
  they just need to speak the fuck up and post some useful information . 
  make r/europe fuckin ' great again !, 
  my fuckin god , you people are dense !, 
  she was a citizen of an opressive state . 
  she went through the ranks she had to go through as a citizen of that fuckin state . 
  i know a ton of people whose parents were part of that regime because they fuckin lived in it and did n't have a real choice . 
  merkel is not a fuckin communist . 
  this must be the worst joke i 've read lately . 
  i just need to ask my communist friends , who actually make a point telling me that they are not communist but trotskists , and they would look at me like i am a fuckin lunatic . 
  merkel is their fuckin antichrist . 
  merkel 's policies are pure wahsington consensus neo-liberal capitalistic policies . 
  calling her a communist is just plain stupid . 
  this is just mind-numbingly stupid . 
  even i was a fuckin member of the `` pioniere '' . 
  a stupid state organization that can be found in every single fuckin socialist/communist state : does n't make me a `` former communist '' . 
  that 's also a fact !, 
  there , i can throw `` facts '' around , too . 
   none of the stuff you said holds any weight and it 's just memes . 
  wow , real good points you bring up there . 
  you seem to be very smart . 
  yeah , a joke that got its own private prison in stuttgart . 
  also changed the political landscape and debate and culture . 
  and caused the gsg9 . 
  anyways , i just wanted to show you that there was terrrorism in germany before the muslims . 
  you pretty much lied . 
  you know like : not telling the truth , or forgetting about certain facts that do n't fit your narrative . 
  but , i guess you are allowed to do that because you know the real `` truth '' , right ? 
  so you do give a shit ... or do n't give a shit ... ?!, 
  i am confused now . 
  you give specific shits , only for certain causes ? 
   no , we pretty much dont give a shit . 
  ok then : http://observer.com/2016/09/from-friends-to-bitter-rivals-poland-and-ukraine-accuse-each-other-of-genocide/, 
   brits are idiots , the other stuff you said is not true you have a very comfy bubble in which you live right there . 
  i will stop disturbing you now . 
  yeah , because those news were german news and at first nobody realized the political dimension of the things that happened . 
  so i ca n't blame the english media for that . 
  they ca n't report everything that 's happening in a european city . 
  anyways , in germany the stories lagged a little bit behind because of the holidays and the slow flow of information . 
  basically we had to wait one day longer than usual for our media to catch up . 
  but nobody was doubting the things which were reported . 
  people here would n't expect the media to fuck up the reporting about such an event in such a magnitude . 
  yeah ... the raf was a joke ... that lasted a few decades ... 
  they even teamed up with those palestineans who killed `` a few '' jews in munich . 
  there is a film about it ... a hollywood film oo . 
  but yeah ... nothing like that here in germany ... no no ... 
   parsimonious explanation there 's your problem . 
  thinking that there is a short and simple answer to such a complex topic , one that can be summed up in about 5 paragraphs , is actually funny . 
  actually not ... it 's rather sad in this case . 
  dude , you need to adress his feelings too ... you used way too many points based on logic . 
  also you did n't confirm his assumption that there is nothing wrong with `` monocultural '' societies . 
  you need to point out that `` monocultural '' societies are actually very good but nobody really wants to talk about it because it would be politically incorrect . 
  anyways ... 
  i liked your well written and thoughtful reply . 
   i do n't think anybody has an issue with multiculturalism between european cultures .
