   hungary can protect it 's schengen borders as it is required this mantra again . 
  yeah keep on protecting your borders . 
  but please stop harassing the rest of the eu , when it tries to do it in a cooperative manner through frontex . 
  protect your border and let the rest of us do our shit then . 
  stop vetoing our efforts to use the eu for the purpose it was invented for . 
  working together . 
   orb\u00e1n is a whole other story . 
  the only thing they handled well is this refugee crisis . 
  we do help people , but on our terms , not on their terms . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  i only need to take a look at a few headlines of the last dozen months to see how your way looks like . 
  i like this one especially : `` these plans would not only violate eu law and other international obligations , but following on a series of attacks on the rule of law since 2010 , they would further undermine the country 's commitment to european democratic values . 
  the government repeatedly confirmed that they are aware that the planned amendments would breach eu law , yet they are prepared to go against `` brussels 's will '' , hhc said . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.helsinki.hu/en/information-note-government-plans-to-breach-eu-asylum-law/ ) but i 'm sure that they must be some kind of soros shills , right ? 
  anyway , good job !, 
  he handled it really well !, 
  good.fuckin.job !, 
   you do realize , he has been trained to be david against the goliat ? 
  whenever the stronger western eu speaks up against orb\u00e1n , he gains support here in hungary . 
  this kind of political battle is his home turf . 
  we will never be able to rid ourselves of him , if you 're playing for his hand every single time . 
  but sure , it 's my fault . 
  so wait , you realise all of that , but you still keep defending him . 
  you tell me something about david vs goliath although you know , that it 's bullshit ? 
  good , job . 
  `` we '' play in his hand , not the people buying into his retarded narrative , willingly as it seems in your case . 
  i guess the bti report is right . 
  you people did n't quite manage the transformation into a democratic society . 
  you started earlier than romania , but funnily enough those guys go out to protest and do n't buy all the bullshit . 
  while you managed to protest , when he threatened to take away your internet . 
  yeah , fuck our democratic institutions , but keep your hands off mah internet !, 
  good ... oh wait , actually : please go on , fuck your democracy , build a wall around hungary , let 's end this shit quick please , thank you . 
   and you are trying to convince me , that a refugee who 's living on government aid you mean the 300 euros a month ... in germany ? 
  such aid , much nice life . 
  that amount of money really motivates you to live the rest of your life here . 
  do you have any idea about germany at all ? 
   being arrogant does not support your argument . 
  it is n't supposed to . 
  it 's for my entertainment . 
  i do n't like you . 
  to be honest , so far you really did n't give me any reason to like you . 
  at least i do n't call you illiterate , right ? 
   is there not something more targeted which could be done instead ? 
  more targeted than this ? 
  : https://europa.eu/newsroom/highlights/special-coverage/eu_sanctions_en let 's take a look : diplomatic measures : does n't hurt the people . 
  restrictive measures ( asset freezes and visa bans ) : asset freezes and visa bans apply to 149 persons while 37 entities are subject to a freeze of their assets in the eu . 
  149 persons ... the people ... hmm ... 
  restrictions for crimea and sevastopol : hurts a few people in that region . 
  i concede that much . 
  measures targeting sectoral cooperation and exchanges with russia ( `` economic '' sanctions ) : hurts the banks and the ability of the corporate sector to refinance itself through eu banks quickly . 
  the people do n't care about that . 
  russia still has enough reserves to finance itself . 
  how do you specifically want to be more targeted than that , without losing all impact you try to have ? 
   yes , and our ( according to you ) joke of a government actually managed to do something about the pressure we 're receiving . 
  yes , it managed to divert those flows to other countries . 
   as i 've said , i 'm all for establishing un controlled and secured immigration bases in these war affected countries , from where un controlled transportation to host countries is possible . 
  the hu approach again , i see . 
  let 's bring in the un in and make everything even slower and more inefficient . 
   however , i also maintain my opinion that every sovereign country must have the ability to deny any individual immigration seeker . 
  nobody said anything different . 
  why should this be a problem ? 
  why the fuck are you telling me this ? 
   i also believe host countries should be the ones who decide the amount and the timing of said immigration , including asylum seeking . 
  yeah good luck with that . 
  i hope hungary finds a magical fairy that shows us all the way . 
  i imagine a world , where the host country is telling the other countries : `` nah , i 'm not ready right now , you need to wait a little . 
  we 'll call you back later , ok ? 
  thanks '' . 
   my criticism towards your approach , is the part where you claim they would go home on their own , because life is as bad here as it is there . 
  this is complete nonsense . 
  55000 refugees from syria voluntarily returned home in 2016 after germany paid for their tickets . 
  we would n't have to pay for their tickets , if they would have money to pay themselves . 
  but yeah , complete nonsense . 
  people do n't want to go back home ... complete nonsense ... nonsense ... i do n't wan na hear about that , nobody wants to go home , orb\u00e1n told me so , they are here to rape us and to steal our moneyz and to destroy our christian culture ... i know it , orb\u00e1n said so . 
   there is no basis for your theory . 
  so we stick to your shitty and inefficient approach then . 
  alrighty , good job !, 
   we did n't treat them badly no , no , you did n't , you only treated them like animals . 
  that 's not bad treatment , you 're technically right . 
   we 're playing hard ball with the eu because we believe when a person wants to immigrate to germany , that 's not the eu 's problem . 
  that 's germany 's problem . 
  it should be dealt with by germany . 
  you 're funny . 
  we fuck the eu , because we think that germany has to pay . 
  the eu approach , that we solve our problems collectively is stupid . 
  so we fuck the eu , the * union * which specifically states , that its target is to do things together , because we think that germany has to pay . 
  such logic much wow . 
  and when i tell you , hey fuck your approach , bring them directly here , because we are already doing your job it does n't matter anyway , your response is : no fuck you , we do it here , the hungarian way , because fuck germany . 
  even more logic . 
  good job !, 
   i believe you just do n't want to understand what i 've been writing to you . 
  i told you , the hungarian way ( fence ) limits illegal entries , directing the flow to our immigration desks . 
  you 're inconsistent . 
  it should be dealt with by germany . 
  but you want to do it on your own . 
  when i tell you , to bring those people directly here , by plane , because they do n't want to waste months of their lives in some shitty camp , you tell me : no !, 
  we do it our way !, 
  good job , again !, 
   you would simply have the people who want to get in forming tent cities near those airports instead of our fence . 
  ... le sigh ... germany has to do it ... let them pay ... blabla ... i present you with an alternative , where this would happen .
