  hillary ignored the rust belt . 
  they though it was a democratic stronghold . 
  the people living did n't think so . 
  i agree . 
  but this is the eu . 
  we have a different political culture . 
  nobody in germany for example takes certain regions as strongholds for one side anymore . 
  ok besides bavaria and the csu . 
  bavaria never changes . 
  so in my perception , there is no real problem , that politicians willfuly ignore certain parts of society . 
  that 's why i do n't agree with the notion that `` they simply do n't listen to us anymore '' . 
  i call it a myth , at least in germany . 
  it gets told so many times , that people actually think it is true . 
  and that 's worrying for me . 
  because i ca n't get the people to listen to me , when i tell them , that politicians are actually listening to them , because it gets dismissed as `` no you 're not right , they 're not listening and we have to finally do something , it has to blow up , so they finally notice us ! '' . 
  this is not going to end well , if we keep telling everybody that nobody is listening . 
  i guess we can agree on that . 
  i also think that certain eu institutions will need more power to be able to actually influence the future of our european project . 
  but nevertheless we also will always need the local governments for implementation , for feedback , etc. 
  the eu is too big to be governed by one central organ , that 's for sure . 
   but this is exactly the point . 
  eu policy should be tailored in order to serve the eu as a whole . 
  not just greece or belgium or finland . 
  this can not work . 
  those countries have different issues , different economies , different societies . 
  the eu policies can help to converge that . 
  but they still have to tak into account those differencies . 
  claiming that one policy is able to fit the whole eu is an illusion . 
  eu-wide policies are intended to bring the countries to a common level and have a lot of unintended consequences . 
  we need them in the long run , but they are hard to handle . 
  they need to be complemented by policies , which take the regional issues into account . 
   we have to understand every perspective . 
  that of the guy living in a safe city somewhere in bavaria and of the guy who lives on an island right next to turkey . 
  yeah , that 's a nice sentiment but we would need an even bigger eu aparatus for that . 
  therefore it 's more feasible to help the local governments to help those people . 
  nobody in brussels actually thinks , that they can realistically know the problems of the guy in bavaria and of the other guy . 
  they have to rely on reports produced by the local authorities . 
  therefore , the issues have their origins often on a local level . 
   he said that the eu is the best place on earth . 
  considering the fact the europe is a big and diverse place i just said that his point is not the case . 
  i think that is pretty reasonable . 
  it is . 
  you said that the eu is not the best place in the world . 
  considering the fact that europe is a big and diverse place i think that one can safely assume that parts of it are actually the best place in the world . 
  black and white , yaddayadda ... it simply shows , that we all need to differentiate a little more and not assume that all is seen in the same way , throughout the eu . 
   do you think that when europeans see erdogan blackmailing europe with `` give turkey visa free travel or i open the gates '' they feel like the problem is resolved ? 
  i do n't think that i possibly can know what `` europeans '' think . 
  i personally think that the deals with our neighbours are part of the solution . 
  the results are visible . 
   do you think a merkel visit in tunisia helps a rape victim ? 
  i do n't think that . 
  i think that it can help to solve the immigration issue . 
  you claim that this issue gets ignored . 
  now you back down on it and shift the discussion to the question wheter these policies can help rape victims . 
  that 's kinda strange . 
  how are immigration policies supposed to help rape victims ? 
  they can potentially help by improving the situation in the future . 
  but women who are already rape victims wo n't profit by them at all . 
   the people want to see a tough stance . 
  policing , law and order . 
  which people . 
  be more specific . 
  you ca n't reasonably claim that you can know what `` the people '' want . 
  many people i know are very uneasy about the fact , that quite a few politicians use this issue to advocate for more video surveillance and more rights for the law enforcement to snoop into the private lives of citizens . 
  more law and order has negative aspects to it and the claim for more law and order often gets abused by politicians who want to dismantle basic principles of our free society . 
   have you ever been to an immigrant ghetto ? 
  i 'm from berlin . 
  of course i have ...  do you want to explain to me about your reasoning behind labeling such situations `` anecdotal evidence claims '' ? 
  they are . 
  you are assuming that your experience in those ghettos can be applied to the eu . 
  i can claim the same . 
  i 've been in parts of the city which have a higher population of migrants and reugees . 
  i was n't robbed . 
  who is right now ? 
  all we can do is take into account that those areas are highly problematic and we need a higher police presence . 
  taking that anecdotal evidence and claiming the `` the eu '' needs more police and law and order is wrong . 
  go to stuttgart for example . 
  very nice city . 
  different problems . 
  you ca n't take one place in athens and then base eu-wide policies on that experience . 
   keep telling that to yourself but do n't be surprised when the extremists take over . 
  ignoring them does n't weaken them . 
  i am not ignoring them . 
  i simply do n't see the benefit in reasoning with them . 
  they ca n't be reached anymore . 
  i ca n't go the_donald and really expect to have a debate with any of them and at the end we part ways being friends or something . 
  those people do n't want to be part of this world . 
  i can do whatever i want , they want to burn this world down . 
  i get the impression that you build your view based on things happening in greece . 
  which is ok . those problems are the most important for you personally . 
  we are all the same in that manner . 
  ops argument is also based on that perception , at least , that is what you assumed . 
  you dismissed his point by saying that  not everyone lives on the isle of man . 
  thereby imlying that his view based on his personal background is skewed . 
  al that , while you were doing the same . 
  i tried to point that out in a short sentence . 
  if you 're allowed to make arguments based on things happening in your place , he should be allowed the same . 
  just sayin ', 
   how about ignoring immigration ? 
  who is ignoring immigration ?
