   moreover , if they thought `` they are not allowed to do that '' , and that was the primary drive for doing so , then this is the exact same thing as not having your voice heard , and putting the pressure back on politicians . 
  voting to exit the eu is a pretty extreme way to put back pressure on politicians . 
  but like i said , your decision , i will not tell you how to run things in your country . 
   we simply do n't give a damn about learning or innovation unless its imperative that we do so , and even then we only want to innovate and learn so that we can afford ourselves more freedom to be decadent , lazy , and intellectually-idle . 
  heed your advice and maybe use the phrase `` i get the impression that ... ''  to suggest that people only comprehend what 's happening around them when they 've ingested enough shiny , polished news articles , is absurd . 
  also , what the fuck am i supposed to answer to that . 
  your style is very hostile to be honest . 
  i did n't suggest that we should ingest shiny , polished news articles . 
  i was talking about education and information . 
  if this in your world equates to shiny shit , maybe you should reform your educational system . 
   if you insist on increasingly deeper levels of analysis when , say , a man kills his wife , you 're left scratching your head and wonder how the fall of the ottoman empire led a man to kill his wife over dinner . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i do n't understand what this comparison is supposed to be about . 
   if you want to appreciate what 's going on in the world , the internet is the best place to start . 
  so the media is shiny shit but the internet is a good place to start . 
  i disagree . 
  either it 's all shit or all good ... to a degree . 
  implying that only the internet should be viewed as a reliable source is not going to cut it for me . 
   if you seek a deeper understanding of your european neighbours ' lives , then / r/europe is the best place to start ... how ? 
  my understanding after yesterday is that sweden sees mass rapings all the time and the government is made up of hypocrite feminists ...  think for yourself , do n't obsess over the news or the media , do n't succumb to the idea that politics is everything , and avoid ideologies . 
  so it 's think for yourself but listen to my advice first ... and then actually think for yourself . 
   am british , did vote , and one of the reasons i voted was what i outlined above . 
  so what exactly did hinder you ? 
  any kind of specific law ? 
  and which law was affecting you in such a specific way , that you deemed it necessary to leave the eu ? 
  i am curious , because we live in the same eu but there seems to be a grave discrepancy between the perception of people in the uk and germany for example . 
  although the uk even had the chance to pick the better deals during its time as a member . 
  the majority of germans do n't `` feel '' that they do n't have a chance to make themselves heard in the eu . 
   agreed , it 's more an aggregate of what people do ( like most sociology ) . 
  yep and it can be changed . 
  education and information ...  so why do you need government funding for it ? 
  if the people desire it , then you should have no problem in the free market . 
  because it is obvious that this kind of media is not intended for making any money . 
  so no private company is going to fund it . 
  which is also one of the reasons we have biased news , imo , unbiased news do n't get you a shitload of money and corporations which are able to influence votes . 
  but in my eyes having more and better information is a worthy cause and beneficiary to the public . 
  public goods are not very sexy within the corporate world . 
  therefore we need `` the state '' to step in and act on behalf of the public and its well-being . 
  besides , there is no `` free market '' . 
   i 'm not following you . 
  but whatever . 
  it is because you do n't like my narrative . 
  it does n't make it false , though . 
  you need to get out of your safe space , dawg . 
   one of the reasons the british people voted for brexit was precisely because they were not allowed `` to voice their opinions and to hold politicians accountable '' . 
  nah , not really , they voted for brexit , because they thought that they are not allowed to do that . 
  there 's a difference . 
  as a european citizen i am fully allowed to voice my opinion . 
   edit : just look at the scholarly articles/books on echo chambers nice link , thanks for that . 
  and yeah it is obviously a real issue . 
  but i also think that it is a consequence of the way we consume our media and how we adapted to the `` supply-side '' of the media market . 
  i do n't see it as a set in stone law and i think that there is the possibility to work against that through education and information . 
  the fact that we like our echo-chambers so much is in my opinion partially caused by the plethora of many different outlets voicing a range of opinions . 
  nobody has the time to check all and everything and then fact-check it against other sources . 
  so we tend to stick to the things we know and start to filter . 
  a tv station as i am `` proposing '' it would act as a `` starting point '' for your own research . 
  you still can visit your range of media , but you would have ( in theory ) a not overtly biased source at the beginnig . 
   because `` factual '' mean whatever you happen to believe , and fuck everyone else ? 
  that 's what i get from reading your comments . 
  i thought this is the way it works now ?!, 
  i actually am really sure that this is the credo of the_donald . 
  it 's funny how this if you 're not for us , you 're against us evolved from being adressed towards the rest of the world to being adressed towards the `` other '' half of us citizens ... way to go mates . 
  judging by the `` progress '' you made , in 4 years you will have quite a few `` closed borders '' within the us . 
  it will be fun to watch . 
   whether or not it technically qualifies under your definition of `` open borders '' is irrelevant . 
      in effect , it is viewed as an open border bwahahaha , oh mah sides ... and people are joking about the expression `` post-factual '' . 
   brexit am i supposed to read your thoughts now ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   in your opinion . 
  most people want to hear their own opinions parroted back to them . 
  in your opinion . 
  most people do n't want to die dumb . 
  they are curious beings and want to learn new things . 
  we can do this kind of shit all day long . 
   then you do n't want a european news network/station . 
  i think you got me wrong . 
  i do n't want an organization to mandate views . 
  i am not against an organization to be biased , because like you pointed out yourself , this would be quite impossible . 
  as long as the organization is transparent about it i can live with that . 
  until now , i was able to recognize the bias in the german media sphere . 
  i struggle with the uk one , but i do n't really read uk newspapers that often . 
   by implication , it would be the only just way to make decisions about this tv station . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's not about `` just '' . 
  we do n't need a just system , there never was one . 
  as soon as you start working on issues on a societal level there will be losers and winners . 
  it 's more about being efficient and beneficial for the majority , while not actively harming minorities . 
  the last part is tricky , because the problem of unintended consequences is real . 
  but until now , regarding the eu , societies managed to voice their opinions and to hold politicians accountable . 
  to be honest , quite a lot of people hold brussel more accountable for things they did n't do than their own politicians at home . 
  as far as i can see the policy cycle is working in the eu . 
   exactly . 
  you either have the tyranny of the majority , or you have gridlock - for a democracy , i can not think of a logically consistent argument justifying an entire people being overruled by people they have no power to hold to account . 
  the tyranny of majority can be a problem , when the minority does n't have the same possibilities to voice their concerns and to influence the decision-making process . 
  till now i still am not able to see this as a problem on the level of the eu . 
  quite the contrary . 
  the echr is one of the important actors in the eu which is helping minorities in member-states to get their voices heard . 
  besides having power to hold to account does n't necessarily mean `` veto '' . 
  you can do it in a constructive way , too . 
   which on paper i do n't actually have any issue with ... the issue is the organization mandating views/opinions on these regions .
