  i 'll have to pass on zat . 
  cause you did n't follow the rules :-)  removed . 
  petitions , surveys , & advertising must be cleared with the moderators before submission . 
  said submissions must be substantial in their contribution to the subreddit . 
  just ask the mods nicely maybe you will convince them to support you too . 
  good question :-) will wait for him to deliver ... i am sure he 's going to ... yep ... btw , interesting news . 
  i thought russia would try to diversify and get into high-tec etc. 
  right now they are good at growing wheat . 
  what 's the plan ? 
  there you go , have an upvote . 
  also , would n't it be nice if a mod would stiky this thing ?!, 
  i mean if you really want to keep a presence for the next 30 days ? 
  til that vexillology is about the study of flags , have an upvote :-) also that subredit is strangely informative and interesting . 
  protip : playing with yourself in front of the computer does n't count as fucking . 
   because at least one berlin voter saw his senator for what he is really is . 
  yep , i see him as a working man doing his job . 
  there are many of them , even in the field of politics . 
  i could n't do it better , i am pretty sure about that . 
  having realistic expectations about the work a politician can actually do is outrageous , i know . 
  btw , i keep on responding for shits and giggles . 
  i am seriously amazed at the lengths somebody is willing to go ( people use the expression `` mental gymnastics ) . 
  to keep their peculiar world view . 
  i am also equally amazed about the fact that those people usually tell me that i am not ready to discuss the real issues ( which we have n't done yet at all ) . 
  i enjoy this shit a lot , it 's fun in a very morbid way . 
  yep , and both points are equally true . 
  his main field of work is taking care of the judicial system of berlin . 
  he does n't take care of it by making statements about moldovan hookers . 
  nevertheless i am able to recognize that the issue of moldovan hookers can be an issue for his office . 
  although i am pretty sure that they also can be an issue for `` inneres '' ( berlin 's interior , who is actually responsible for the issue of security and therefore also for organized crime ) . 
  your problem is that you think that a senators job is tied to some kind of discreet events ( like hookers and the fuck do i know ) . 
  but in reality his work is tied to an institution which he has the mandate to control . 
  those institutions take care of the issues . 
   there are whole layers of problems that westerners are not dare to think , let alone to discuss . 
  sure buddy , just keep on telling yourself that . 
  whatever makes you feel good and self-righteous . 
  i do n't judge . 
  i do n't really know . 
  my best guess is that they want to differentiate between bildung , jugend und wissenschaft , which is mainly about education and the financing of the respective institutions ( universities , schools , etc. 
  and their administration ) and jugendamt , which is more about care and support for families with children and and also the youth . 
  jugendamt is not about education , it is rather about service . 
  berlin decided to to be more transparent about its budget and to make it more easier to read . 
  so with the help of [ the open knowledge foundation ] ( https://www.okfn.de/ ) they decided to visualize it in a more comprehensive way . 
  it 's in german but it is kinda self-explanatory with the help of google translate and also easy to use . 
  it would be nice if more cities or even governments would decide to do it this way . 
  and who would have thought that the budget for this year is 25 billion euros . 
  having the income of the `` state '' berlin visualized in such a manner would also be quite informative . 
  meh in russia you do n't beat the kids anyway . 
  the kids beat you . 
  women on the other hand ... yeah , that 's bad news for them i guess . 
  maybe , as long as putin is on such good terms with erdogan , he should get all those women some of those marriage guides circulating in turkey . 
  i read about them in an other thread here on r/europe . 
  oh wait , and then !, 
  then , they could offer turkey a membership in the eu ... no , i meant the eeu and they could show the west how their decadent ways are destroying their societies ... oh wait ... 
  just to provide an other point of view : we have here quite a few options regarding childcare . 
  and the costs are significant but managable . 
  the main problem hindering us to get a kid for a long time ( i became a dad a year ago ... after we , me and my wife , have been together for more than 10 years ) was the fact that you do n't have the job security anymore . 
  both of us have studied and are able to earn money . 
  but we had jobs with a 2 year contract most of the time . 
  getting a job that is n't going to cease to exist within the next two years is quite a problem nowadays . 
  i would also point out , that the situation in the lower income brackets actually became worse . 
  quite a few people would kill for a 2 year contract . 
  to sum it up : it 's not so much about the costs . 
  it 's about being able to plan ahead for the first few years . 
  without having a job that allows you to plan ahead most people postpone the decision of getting a baby or not . 
  this is the third time today that this topic gets posted here . 
  did i miss a memo ? 
  what is happening ? 
  why is it getting posted 3 times a day during different times ? 
  tl ; dr of the other times : half the comments were : fuck yeah !, 
  ; the other half was actual information why orb\u00e1n is actually targetting the ngos . 
  here 's the other thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5n76jq/hungary_plans_to_crackdown_on_all_sorosfunded_ngos/?st=ixtctjd0&amp;sh=13f44744 ca n't find the third one , maybe i 'm dreaming up some shit . 
  orb\u00e1n is fuckin everywhere . 
  edit : typos , i should sleep more . 
  so now we play the rhetorical questions game . 
  why would somebody like you actually pose questions for which he does n't already have a prefabricated answer ? 
  we got from unisex toilets in schools imposed by the senator ( which is a lie ) to child brides , arranged marriages , slave import and now to discrimination of women and minorities inside immigrant groups and hookers from moldova . 
  are you actually able to realise that most people would have stopped arguing at this point , because it obviously reveals itself to be a waste of time ?!, 
  it does n't actually matter at all what i will answer because there will always be some kind `` what about / and if '' argument you gon na bring up next . 
  accepting that this guy is just a politician doing a mediocre job is not an option . 
  but whatever , here we go : in my opinion all the points you just mentioned are absolutely irrelevant to this discussion here . 
  his office released a report which gives an update to a proposal that has been brought up in 2014 . 
  the senator did n't even say anything about this topic . 
  the house asked and the senate answered through a `` zwischenbericht '' . 
  it is part of the duties of the `` senatsverwaltung f\u00fcr justiz , etc. '', 
  to release these reports . 
  transparency , etc. . . 
  they used this opportunity to declare the intention of the senator to continue his efforts to implement policies against discrimination . 
  he will do so because it is part of his job . 
  he is also going to work on the issues you mentioned . 
  when he is going to do that and afterwards he will say something about it , or his office is going to release an other report . 
  you somehow deduced using some kind of enlightened logic that the senator clearly does n't give a shit about all the issues you mentioned because his office released a report about unisex toilets which ultimately is proof for the fact that this is the only thing he cares about . 
  let me spell it out for you in a ** tl ; dr ** : office of the senator for justice realeases report about toilets --  senator only cares about toilets , does n't give a shit about anything else . 
  truth !, 
  this is so fuckin tiresome - . -, 
  - . - he is the justizsenator of berlin . 
  his main field of work is taking care of the judicial branch in berlin . 
  he is responsible for the judiciary . 
  as an additional field of work he got mandated to take care of issues regarding discrimination ( within the administration of berlin ) . 
  maybe because he is gay , the fuck do i know ... why the hell should he address issues like the ones you just mentioned . 
  like really , why ?
