  everybody here knows that attacks will happen . 
  most of my friends were pretty surprised that it took them so long . 
  people here are pretty much prepared and just do n't give a shit about the fear agenda everybody tries to push on them . 
  they behave like adults and know to differenciate , at least the most of them . 
  we are sad about the people who died and we can mourne them without crying for more surveillance or for merkel to `` protect '' us from things that nobody can protect us from in the first place . 
  as an adult there is a time when you realize that you ca n't have 100 % security and that there is a tradeoff between security and quality of life . 
  we here rather trade some security for more qol , but of course this is a subjective sentiment many people do n't agree with . 
  also : nobody thinks he is heroic for not giving a shit . 
  what kind of stupid logic is that ?!, 
  life is not a fuckin holywood film ... alsoalso ( because it annoys the shit out of me ) : refugees are n't the reason why berlin got attacked . 
  is could n't care less . 
  it 's not like they are thinking : `` hey there are refugees in berlin , let 's attack berlin ! '' . 
  they care about the pr . 
  they attack berlin , paris , etc , because these are the capital cities of western countries . 
  they do n't give a shit about the people who live here . 
  it 's all about the symbolism and recruiting new idiots who will fight for their lost cause . 
   is the only alternative . 
  you should run for chancellor in germany . 
  merkel is known as tina here , as in there is no alternative . 
  she often was quoted saying , that her solution is without alternative . 
  you two are very much alike :-), 
  to deduce the willingness to integrate by looking at the willingness of applicants to use loopholes is naive . 
  like i said , it should be taken into account , when the applicant was a christian before fleeing the country . 
  but , when said person decided to convert after fleeing , then it 's their own private decission . 
  then at least it should n't be the sole factor anymore for deciding whether that person can stay or not . 
  the fact that someone is willing to convert is not a good indicator . 
  it can be one indicator but it should n't be the sole indicator . 
  well , it 's settled then . 
  as soon as a muslim is ready to `` convert '' ( there must be a really good way to measure how sincere he is about it , right ? ), 
  he will be fully accepted into europe and will be granted a residency permit within the eu . 
  my point is , that the question of conversion should n't be factor at all . 
  residency permits should n't be based on religion in our countries , which adhere to more secular values . 
  but that 's the point we 've been debating all the time now . 
  sorry you did n't realize that . 
   a lot of asylum seekers who come from countries such as afghanistan , iran or pakistan have converted to christianity in order to be granted asylum , as it allows them to make sure their life will be in peril were they to be sent back . 
  i have n't seen any official numbers , therefore i do n't know what `` a lot '' actually is . 
  but anyways , that 's the point . 
  i do n't get , how not allowing such migrants to stay , due to obvious abuse of a loophole is now suddenly controversial on r/europe ?!, 
  i absolutely think , that converting to christianity * after * you got to europe should not have any influence on the decission made . 
  you were a christian before ?!, 
  you have a case . 
  you converted afterwards for nice `` you can stay points '' . 
  nah forget it . 
  perfect then , all the muslims `` renouncing '' their faith in front of an employee of the state will automatically be granted permanent residency in europe . 
  nice . 
  i know and i do n't care , because it 's not the point . 
  the point is , that we 're going to accept all the muslims who `` convert '' to christianity in future , at least following to this sub now . 
  i 'm cool with that . 
   also if your priest is catholic he would agree with me , once you became part of catholic church , its practicly impossible to actually leave it , in thelogical sense . 
  yes of course it 's impossible to leave it . 
  but he would n't call you a christian . 
  the catholic church in this regard has the monopoly to define what a christian is . 
  only because you `` feel '' like one , does n't make you one . 
  otherwise gay christian marriage would be a thing . 
  cool , so we gon na accept all the undevout young muslim men , then ? 
  neato . 
  i am sure there are enough of them . 
  we only need to find a way to check for `` undevout '' ... 
   but i appreciate your sarcasm . 
  i 'm not sarcastic . 
  i am simply surprised . 
  r/europe the sub that is actually against any kind of immigration from muslim countries seemingly found a way to tell itself , that it 's actually ok .  64 % do n't think you should be murdered . 
  that does n't mean it 's something they would be willing to do . 
  i do n't think anyone should be murdered , but there 's still plenty of things i think are unethical and would n't be willing to do . 
  yeah ok , but then let 's stick to a set of rules for once in our fuckin time !, 
  how do we know , that that woman from iran is `` different '' and why should we make an exception for her ?!, 
  and why should n't we make exceptions for the 64 % ? 
  how does this shit work now , like for real ? 
  why are we making an exception for one person and for the rest aswell ? 
  really , i need a logical answer !, 
   and there 's a big difference between accepting only converts and accepting all converts . 
  see above . 
  please explain to me how this is supposed to work now ? 
  fuck our laws , we make exceptions for young women , who `` converted '' to christianity now , because ... hmm ... yeah , because fuck you for being a man and a convert ! . 
  how is this supposed to work ? 
  answer it ffs . 
  i am getting seriously fed up by the hypocrisy here . 
  what if it 's a female young convert with a male kid ? 
  and the kid can actually say , whether he/she wants to convert aswell ? 
  or even better : what if it 's a female convert with a son , who does n't want to convert ? 
  we accept her and deport her son ? 
  how does it work ? 
  where 's the fuckin ' consistency ? 
  like i said , that 's cool , 'cause obciously 64 % did n't say that ... a majority !, 
  so we should be able to ask them to convert and wait till word gets around , that this is a good way to get your asylum case granted . 
  i will even throw a welcome party to our new neighbours . 
  finally a really good and easy solution . 
  free conversions for everyone who wants them , we make them a nice package deal : one conversion and one european residency permit . 
  yay . 
   as for him being atheist and christian , i do not think these things are mutually incompatible my priest would like to have a word with you . 
  what kind of christian faith are you people practicing ? 
  it 's incredible !, 
  being a christian is not about celebrating holidays and going to mass . 
  everybody is allowed to attend the mass . 
  you go there , because you believe in god as a christian and , because you want to worship him in his house . 
  the cultural baggage you talk about , i do n't even know , what you want to say . 
  i guess , that our religious heritage has left its mark on our daily lives , but by that logic , everybody who 's celebrating christmas is suddenly a christian . 
  like i said , my priest would like to have a real word with you ... 
   look up christian agnostics i did , it says : `` they believe that god exists , that jesus has a special relationship with him and is in some way divine , and that god should be worshipped . '', 
  from wikipedia .
