  i can see the thread you linked to , it has 11 comments in total . 
  one is yours , but it isn \u00b4 t what you cited here ( i mean the part of spanish legislation ) . 
  i guess you owe me an apology ;-) but anyways , regarding the spanish piece of legislation : it says : `` the authorization file will require the report of the ministry of foreign affairs and cooperation on the convenience of it , based on the existence of international treaties or agreements signed by spain and , failing that , on the principle of reciprocity . '', 
  so reciprocity is required in the case where international treaties or agreements aren \u00b4 t exisiting . 
  ceu on spanish soil wouldn \u00b4 t be a problem i guess . 
  and the whole accrediting system is not solely based on reciprocity anyways ...  second , please cite the us constitution article or articles you are referring to . 
  i can \u00b4 t do that because : http://education.stateuniversity.com/pages/1882/constitutional-requirements-governing-american-education.html `` not only does the federal constitution confer no right to education , it does not even explicitly empower the u.s. congress to legislate on the subject . 
  most federal education legislation is therefore enacted under the `` spending clause '' of the constitution , which gives congress the authority to tax and spend for the general welfare . '', 
  and : http://lwv.org/content/history-federal-government-public-education-where-have-we-been-and-how-did-we-get-here `` two of our constitutional amendments played an important role in public education . 
  in 1791 , the 10th amendment stated , `` the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . '' public education was not mentioned as one of those federal powers , and so historically has been delegated to the local and state governments . '', 
  so , to sum it up : it \u00b4 s not about ammending the constitution . 
  there is nothing to ammend in the first place . 
  the constitution doesn \u00b4 t have any kind of provision , which would make education a federal matter . 
  therefore asking that the university has to be accredited by a federal body is `` unconstitutional '' in that way , that the reality of the institutional system of the us under the current form of constitution doesn \u00b4 t provide for a legal way to do so . 
  the interpretation of the constitution is clearly that education and all the things involved with it are state matters and not federal matters . 
   protip : not only the usde is involved in the accreditation process , contra your claims , it has accredited individual universities in the past and might do it again at any moment . 
  but the usde isn \u00b4 t even involved . 
  non-governmental agencies are involved in accrediting , the usde is making sure that they are doing it in a legal way and are not bullshitting around . 
  but anyways , providing sources and so , show me when the usde was the last time actively involved in accrediting a university , meaning it accredited the university itself . 
  then i can actually read up on it and decide whether the cases are comparable to the ceu and if there \u00b4 s hope after all . 
  i mean the last obstacle is then , that the orb\u00e1n government has to accept the usde as a `` federal body '' according to their own law . 
  but ceu still will have to found an own campus on us soil till september and employ teaching staff etc start courses and enroll students . 
  easy peasy . 
   the point is that you think that international laws and customs have to be taken into account when passing legislation concerning international organizations . 
  that is the point of it all - hungary is a sovereign , democratic state and if hungary wishes to create a law regardless of `` international laws and customs '' then the `` international laws and customs '' can , in short , gtfo , because they are not more important than the will of a sovereign state . 
  and that \u00b4 s why i asked you `` how do you think this shit actualy works ? '', 
  sorry that i hurt your feelings . 
  but ... regardless . 
  it shows that you have zero understanding of how the world works . 
  i could give you hours worth of lecture why your approach in * reality * is not going to work . 
  international relations won \u00b4 t work in any meaningful way if one actor is insisting that it can ignore the laws and customs of another actor . 
  are you able to realize that ? 
  your approach pretty much makes a good case for the invasion of poland through russia to be honest . 
  if russia ` s will as a sovereign state is to invade poland and march through europe and international laws and customs can in short `` gtfo '' , then why shouldn \u00b4 t russia do just that ? 
  i mean russia * is * a sovereign and democratic state . 
  anyway , the point is , that you have to find a middle-ground . 
  states are sovereign entities and they have the right to pass bills according to their own interests . 
  but states don \u00b4 t exist in an international vacuum . 
  they have to take into account how their laws are going to affect other states , or how their laws are affected by laws in other states . 
  states can not ignore reality . 
  your gtfo approach pretty much advocates pure international anarchy and domination through the most powerful actors . 
  because only they can actually follow through with that approach . 
  first of all :  i keep being asked to backup my claims over and over , even when i 've already done it multiple times . 
  i looked through your comments of the last 5 days . 
  you didn \u00b4 t provide one single link to your claim , that * most * countries have exactly the * same * kind of legislation . 
  so please , stop telling fairy tales . 
   only non-eu based university operating in hungary without having an accreditation reciprocity process . 
  i \u00b4 m not entirely sure , what you mean by that . 
  the university is accredited in both countries . 
  for the last decade it wasn \u00b4 t an issue . 
   the easier one is to simply operate as kee , a hungarian based entity . 
  which would destroy the possibilty of the ceu to issue us diplomas . 
  why is it bad to provide us diplomas . 
  why would a government need to pass legislation which would force the university to stop that practice . 
  where is the issue here ? 
   again , there are several remedies if the university wants to keep operating . 
  what are those ? 
  can they assure that the university can provide the same level of education and also the same degrees ? 
   the ceu is an american university . 
  please , point out where is the campus located , the name of a professor who teaches there , what degrees do they offer to american based students , what is the price of tuitions . 
  why is that important now ? 
  did the university breake any laws for the last decade ? 
  is it breaking any international laws ? 
  why does it need to have a campus ? 
  is it only allowed to issue us diplomas if it has a campus on us soil ? 
  why exactly ? 
  the issuance of said diplomas is accredited by the us organization , which is required to do so by law . 
  so the ceu has the possibility to issue those diplomas in a legal way , according to us law . 
  why does it need to have a campus in the us to do so ? 
   yeah , it 's a fake university - it only exists on paper . 
  it 's like an offshore . 
  it 's registered in the us to make it easier and cheaper to hire professors on a temporary basis , without having to subject itself to hungary labor laws , like hungarian universities do , to allow soros to get tax credits to his donations and to not have to meet the hungarian regulations wrt to undegraduated ratios , classes in hungarian language , etc , and to offer us recognized diplomas that the hungarian universities ca n't offer . 
  and somehow those other universities aren \u00b4 t really complaining , are they ? 
  the ceu doesn \u00b4 t invalidate their existence . 
  it provides good courses and is boosting scientific exchange between the universities and the world and hungary . 
  besides , last time i checked , a lot of people were interested in working for the ceu or in teaching there although it obviously is able to bypass hungarian labor laws . 
  career prospects aren \u00b4 t that bad after working there . 
  and finally considering donations and tax credits . 
  i am fairly sure , that the university is not making a real profit for soros . 
  i am actually quite sure , that he didn \u00b4 t found the university , because he wanted to make a shitload of money with it . 
   mind you that the accrediting process in the us is under the usde overview and that the us commissioner of education has published list of federally recognized accredited institutions . 
  yes exactly : it \u00b4 s under the * supervision * of the usde . 
  the usde itself hasn \u00b4 t to do anything with the accrediting process . 
  the accrediting itself happens by agencies which are not part of the government . 
  therefore demanding , that the ceu has to be accredited by the federal government is illusory . 
  that would actually require the us congress to pass a bill , which would allow the us government to accredit universities . 
  we all know how realistic that is . 
  the ceu is already accredited according to us regulations . 
  why does the new law now demand that it has to be accredited by the us government ? 
  especially when it \u00b4 s clear that the us government has no role in the accrediting process ? 
  oh yeah , sources : it \u00b4 s only wikipedia but hey ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/higher_education_accreditation_in_the_united_states  again , you 've been asked how you 'd write the law better and you keep stalling and refusing to give a honest , outright , answer . 
  why so much evasion and derailing ? 
  you \u00b4 re projecting , but anyways . 
  i asked you to tell me what your envisioned law is supposed to do . 
  what issue is it adressing ? 
  are we talking about financial transparency ? 
  labor regulations ? 
  which specific issue ? 
  and in this specific case : what was the law * theoretically * supposed to adress , which issue ? 
  why did hungary need this new piece of legislation in the first place ?
