  banning parties or organization for political reasons , is n't easy in germany . 
  we 're not savages ffs . 
   generating fear right before the election i would n't call it fear . 
  it 's more about generating chaos and uncertainty . 
  so the people vote for candidates , who promise `` order '' in a chaotic world . 
  it 's about perception . 
   calm down and above all : do n't start some e-panic . 
  dude ... this is r/europe . 
  you ca n't get off the crazy ride we 're in for . 
  the election did n't even happen yet . 
  i expect at least one more big hit till then . 
  this thread will explode shortly and will descend into the usual `` debates '' . 
   hopefully not another terrorist attack hmm ... you 're in for some bad news then ... i do n't think , that they got hit by a car while trying to cross the road ... 
   you did not say it , hence the use of the phrase `` seems to be '' . 
  ah ok ... i 'll use this phrase too in future . 
   that is true , i merely made a deduction based on your original post in this thread . 
  yeah , i did that too , based on your posts on r/europe . 
  what now ?!, 
   sorry nah , you 're not ...  please rest assured , i find it sad . 
  nope , why should you be sad ? 
  nobody is going to believe that you actually are sad about some random user on an internet subreddit . 
  lmao . 
  that 's just hillarious . 
   you 're throwing around some big words there big words ? 
   which makes you the liar , not me . 
  bwahahahaha ... ... wait ... hahahahahaha  somehow you managed to not answer neither any of my original questions , nor any of the follow-up ones . 
  what questions ? 
   it is not that hard to give actual answers actual answers ? 
  i ca n't see any . 
  all i see is deflecting , moving goal posts , semantics and stupid definitions . 
   i suggest you try it too . 
  i did already ... lots of fun :-) kisses xoxo, 
   i also appreciate how do you appreciate it ?!, 
   that your biggest problem in life where did i say , that this is the biggest problem in my life ? 
  where did anybody say that ? 
   to track which users disagree with you who says that you disagree with me ? 
  nobody really ever said that !, 
   but at the same time i find it a bit sad as well . 
  so much for sincerity and truth , you 're a liar . 
  you do n't find it sad !, 
  just tell the truth !, 
  lol , this is fun , i can see the appeal for your `` style '' of arguing . 
  i 'll adopt it , too . 
  thanks ;-), 
   and then there are the numerous far left movements , a new one springing up every few weeks , who are `` world famous '' in the capital but nowhere else -- they do have the potential to cause minor inconveniences to people by blocking the roads during their protests and such things . 
  ...  the lack of self awareness carrying an anti-dictatorship sign in a mass protest . 
  ...  or is it rather `` me and my buddies are walking around downtown holding up signs and nobody bothers us '' ? 
  ...  i do have my complaints about how things are going and i voice them in the proper channels . 
  i do not go out blocking roads and making other people 's life more miserable just because i have too much free time . 
  ...  sure . 
  in this case , by `` mob rule '' i mean `` a lot of people took to the streets so we 'll do what they want '' , and that is not the way a representative democracy should work . 
  ...  yea !, 
  mob rule rulez !, 
  screw representative democracy !, 
  you see , that 's why i called you here . 
  we need unbiased and objective views about the issue . 
  all this one-sided shit that gets peddled around here is so annoying . 
  oh wait i apologize . 
  you 're technically right , you said time and time again , that all this stupid paid protesting is wrong . 
  so yeah , i guess that 's an implied not everything is fine in hungary . 
  the amount of protesting is too damn high !, 
   neopuritanism hehe ... that 's a new one . 
  also paging / u/jooana , / u/skp _ 005 and / u/tsm _ in_2016_lul to `` explain '' us why all is fine in hu . 
   how should the west fight against islamists ? 
  the west ca n't fight islamists in an efficient way . 
  it would take an coordinated effort between all `` western '' countries , which would also have to last for decades , in order to fight islamism efficiently . 
  this is never going to happen . 
   what you 're saying seems to imply that there is no way to win . 
  exactly . 
   if muslims are not embraced , it plays into islamists ' hands by polarising relations with muslims . 
  yep . 
   but if they are not embraced so strongly that they get extremely well integrated and assimilated ( an almost impossible or at least extremely expensive feat given the number of immigrants and their level of education etc. ), 
  they will also get radicalised , along with other problems . 
  correct . 
   at this point , i do n't see why one would blame someone for saying , `` fine , let all muslims think us as enemies . 
  i do n't see how it affects us as long as we just close our borders to more of them and try to assimilate ( which will probably happen eventually given the flow of newcomers stopping ) or deport the ones we have . '', 
  it is perhaps simplistic , but i can see where the sentiment is coming from . 
  i ca n't blame them , too and i also can see where the sentiment is coming from . 
   i think it is a fair question to ask , what can muslim immigrants provide us , that other immigrants without a potentially problematic religion ca n't ? 
  nothing . 
  for me personally it seems , that we are losing this fight . 
  to expand a little on the initial point i made : the coordinated effort . 
  the `` western '' world managed to get its shit together during the cold war . 
  we did n't simply `` beat '' the ussr , because we had better weapons and better armies . 
  we managed to gain the upper hand , because we had a dream to offer . 
  a different view of things and of how people should be able to live their lives . 
  we managed to `` beat '' the soviets in the psychological arena . 
  we managed to sell them the illusion , that living a `` western '' life is something nice . 
  we were able to do that , because the `` western bloc '' stood together and for the most part presented a coherent image . 
  we lost that ability after the fall of the ussr . 
  the western world has nothing to offer anymore . 
  it 's plenty evident , when you look at the referendums . 
  we are divided ourselves within the nations . 
  brexit , turkey , the austrian presidential elections , the us elections . 
  we ourselves are not sure anymore , how we 'd like our societies to be . 
  there is division on an international level between western states , but what 's even worse is , that we are pretty much divided 50/50 on national levels , too . 
  we are an easy target for ideologies which are selling the dream of coherent and closed societies . 
  not only isis is selling that illusion . 
  nationalists are selling it , too . 
  that 's where they actually meet .
