  this article is such a credible source ... wow ...  what you ca n't debate is that it is a problem . 
  sure you can debate that . 
  i acknowledge , that it is a problem . 
  but i also learned a lot from our friends around the world . 
  so after admitting that it can be a problem , now i will ask how much of a problem it actually is ? 
  can anyone answer me that ? 
  with definitive proof , please ? 
  is there any good data on this issue , which can actually show , that the amount of the trade surplus is not simply a temporary effect due to the growth of the prc . 
  can anyone prove that it wo n't get down to `` normal '' levels again within the next 5 years ? 
  and what is `` normal '' in the year 2020 ? 
  the amount of money world-wide is growing due to policies employed by national banks etc. 
  china alone has a shitload of money it is willing to spend . 
  maybe the imbalance is caused to significant parts by world-wide changes of the financial system . 
  maybe germany is actually not that far away from `` normal '' levels . 
  maybe we need to readjust our understanding of `` normal '' in current circumstances . 
   after all , the chinese surplus of the last decade has been widely fingered as one of the causes of the 2008 crisis -- it is hardly a big step to argue the german one might be the culprit next time around . 
  yeah sure , if you 're writing for the us/uk ( where 's the difference anyway ) side ... then pointing fingers around , while conveniently forgetting about the rigging of financial systems , is very nice . 
   first , put some moral pressure on the germans to take action . 
  `` morality '' is in demand again !, 
  i wonder how long it will last this time ?!, 
   true , angela merkel and the stern inflation hawks at the bundesbank may not like it very much , but the government needs to spend and spend it is spending and it is ready to spend more . 
   next , if merkel wo n't agree to that , then impose temporary tariffs . 
  sure , crying about financial stability of the world and the german threat and then suggesting tariffs in order to coerce germany into compliance . 
  it will help stability a loooooot !, 
   but if all the other major economies agreed , a 10pc emergency tariff could be imposed on german exports . 
  at the very least , that would curb some of its sales , and it would deliver the kind of shock that might convince the germans that something needed to be done . 
  well , allrightyyy then . 
  now he 's getting delusional . 
  i guess the uk does n't have enough enemies already . 
   sooner or later the german surplus is going to create a banking shock , just as the chinese surplus arguably did . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the us/uk banking system , the lack of regulation and oversight is sooner going to create the next shock , long before german trade imballance will have any effect of that magnitude . 
  but hey , who gives a shit , right ? 
   the system needs to be prepared for that , and the german banks , which are the most likely victims , put under close supervision . 
  supervision by whom actually ? 
  is the uk now going to control german banks ? 
  can the eu in turn control uk banks in future , when the need arises after the next world-wide shocks ? 
   in the longer-term , if the euro is the root cause of the problem , that needs to be addressed as well . 
  either it needs to be taken apart completely , or else broken up into more manageable units . 
  sure buddy . 
  this article is very objective . 
  no agenda at all . 
  imposing tariffs on germany as an `` emergency measure '' and dismantling the euro . 
  i guess the logical consequence would be to pay a tribute to the uk next . 
  seems only fair . 
   it is only acting responsibly for the rest of the world to stand up to it suddenly the uk realises that acting responsibly and morally right in the world should be a thing ... hmm ... at least as long as it is about own interests . 
  this article is a joke . 
  * maybe it 's right-wing people * 3 upvotes ... a few comments saying that we should n't jump to conclusions ... * it 's been islamists !, 
  * way more upvotes , followed by the usual echo chamber bs . 
  r/europe ... such unexpected reaction , much wow ... 
  read my other comment . 
  i know the history of the conflict and the intricacies of the different parties involved in that shitshow back then . 
  i nevertheless am going to stand by my point that the change from russian to romanian as the single official language , accompanied by the change of the alphabet , was the point that pushed the population on the transnistrian side to go full secession . 
  until then , the only people who would actually lose through the moldovan indpendence on the transnistrian side was the soviet nomenclatura leading the heavy industry and being part of the higher ranks of the political scene . 
  after the proposed nationalist changes through the moldovan independence movement , the threat for the `` normal '' guys on the transnistrian side became very real . 
  the russian majority there could n't speak a word romanian and also could n't read the latin alphabet . 
  for them evryday life would have changed immensely . 
  russia was in full chaos mode , they could n't have stopped the moldovan vote for independence , if the people in moldova would have managed to stay united . 
  the moldovan independence movement managed to go gull retard by alienating the gagaus people and the russians through their nationalist rethoric and their intention to go for the `` reunification '' with romania . 
  the question of language is often abused and heavily politicized and is also often a cause for conflict . 
  even in ukraine ( ! ), 
  the question whether the russian language should remain an official language became contentious . 
  although the two languages are n't really far from each other . 
  in transnistria the moldovan `` minority '' ( they actually still make up more than 20 % of population ) gets discrimiated through language even today . 
  like i said in my other comment , in the end it all depends on how the central government in kasakhstan will manage to integrate the russian people along the border . 
  i do n't know much about them . 
  but , such a change can become the first step in a retarded conflict about culture and language , if it gets implemented poorly and is alienating the russian speaking people . 
  the number of not recognized states along the russian border shows very well , that russia knows how to use those `` minorities '' . 
  taking in regard that they all watch russian tv and news , i would n't bet on the integrating power of the `` home '' government . 
  we have the dnr , lnr , transnistria , south ossetia and abkhazia so far . 
  russia has some experience in instigating fights in bordering states . 
  i agree , that a shift per se , should n't lead to any conflict normally . 
  but this specific shift in these times has a lot of potential to get politicized and to become the cause for conflict . 
  during the independence movement of the rep of moldova the `` indepence party '' was planning the same move . 
  they wanted to shift from russian to romanian and to adopt the latin alphabet , which would have excluded the russian nomenclatura from the higher career paths . 
  the cases should be compared more in depth . 
  ... but , anyways , in the case of moldova the problem was , that the russian nomenclatura did n't learn romanian the years before , because there simply was n't the need to do so . 
  so they felt seriously threatened by the shift and that eventually caused the short violent conflict between the transnistrian side and moldova . 
  also the russian army stationed on the transnistrian side did help a little . 
  in the kasakh case it would be interesting to know , how big the russian population is , how well they speak kasakh and how much they would feel threatened by the move . 
  those factors could influence the probability for conflict . 
  the russian doctrine in this case was clear for the last 3 decades . 
  russia will always defend russians outside the borders of the rf . 
  putin is not going to ignore it . 
  edit ... spelling - . - ... . and grammar ... 
  it 's ok , i so far trust your judgement and i really do n't envy the mod team for doing all this stuff , because it 's obvious that a lot of `` judgement '' decissions happen on a per case basis , which will always leave room for interpretation and `` interesting '' debates . 
  i am simply slightly annoyed by the `` this is going to be deleted , because it 's against the hive mind of r/europe '' comments . 
  in my * opinion * the op was bending the rules . 
  that 's why i was betting on a tag , because he did n't breake any rules , but the post is n't completely `` kosher '' either ... 
  anyway , have fun watching this thread , i 'm outta here :-), 
  yeah , this plan worked out pretty well for moldova 25 years ago ... they only got an unsolved conflict with `` transnistria '' out of it . 
  i see the next seccesionist movement on the rise somewhere on the border to russia . 
  and a `` referendum '' ... 
  it clearly is , but all the crying from the censorship-camp is making moderation here a fuckin minefield i guess . 
  i bet it will get a `` misleading , or edited title '' tag and the mods will let it slip this time . 
  moderating must be a ton of fun , when you basically have to watch a kindergarten argue ... 
  those guys were actually from moldova . 
  they 're not romanians . 
  funny thing , they named that ... how to describe it ... arghhh ... it 's called [ korolev cross ] ( http://nerdist.com/the-beautiful-rocket-ballet-that-is-the-korolev-cross/ ) , named after him :-), 
  i find his life 's story so tragic and bittersweet . 
  for me he is one of the persons i strangely identify with , because at his heart he always seemed to be a very genuine and `` down to earth '' ( haha , i know ) person , who had a talent .
