  but at the same time it deletes anything containing nipples with a strangely religious fervor . 
  yep , that shit has to change . 
   some whaling is nothing really . 
  do n't know man , wwf , greenpeace and the un are opposing whaling . 
  i think they would rather watch them cannibalising each other than sacrificing all that meat for trapped people . 
  i ca n't blame them eihter , saving the world a whale at a time is a difficult undertaking nowadays . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  if your harpoon is big enough the size of the target does n't matter . 
  although , admittedly , the target could get wrecked a little . 
  but people going for landwhales have low standards anyways . 
  nah , they 're not `` worse '' than the brits but the brits are shorter . 
  therefore easier to catch . 
  sorry for being a little inaccurate . 
  hey , it 's you again . 
  have an upvote for being entertaining . 
  although i have to add that the most cologne victims were visitors from france , the uk and i think poland . 
  german women are not very attractive anyway , nobody wants to really rape them . 
  edit : fun fact , i once read that people prefer german porn stars because they look so mediocre and therefore people can accept more easily that the particular scene could actually happen irl . 
  whereas american pornstars look way too fake and eastern european pornstars look way to good . 
  nobody wanking off to that would believe that anybody could actually score such a girl irl . 
  low effort is low effort . 
  have a downvote . 
  just gon na highjack this comment to ask : what happened to dadin actually ? 
  last time i heard about him he was in `` transit '' between prisons and his wife did n't know anything regarding his whereabouts for 3 weeks . 
  did the `` system '' finally decide that he was in `` transit '' long enough to tell the wife where he is ? 
  yeah 100 % is expected , at least where i live . 
  if you are not 100 % sure you can not convict anybody of a thing because there is reasonable doubt . 
  furthermore , advocating that every attack on any kind of religious building must be declared as a hate crime is in my opinion utterly insane . 
  so can we just stop here and recognize that we have different opinions . 
  i am getting tired of discussing this shit here . 
  the topic is dead anyway and the majority moved on to more important things . 
  thanks . 
  like i told to the other dude explaining some things to me : i get the intention but i think that the law is far from perfect and needs adjustment . 
  nevertheless i can accept it as the russian way of dealing with such issues . 
  but i also think that tailoring laws around topics like `` freedom of religion '' is a complex undertaking . 
  i personally do n't like the style because i have a different opinion but it 's just my opinion . 
  i wo n't start an argument about it because the topic itself is too complex for meaningful internet arguments . 
  i came here to get a russian view of the topic because it did n't seem to me that the issue is as clear and `` straight '' as it was implied in the article . 
  yeah well , thanks for the explanations . 
  this clears up a few things . 
  i guess i can understand the motivation behind the law , but i think that it overshoots its target a little in its current state . 
  as long as it is going to get adjusted i can accept it as the russian way of handling certain issues . 
   it 's pronounced `` oogai '' . 
  i do n't really know how to properly transliterate his name . 
  i can read and understand russian at , i 'd say , a basic level . 
  multitran.ru helps a lot . 
  so i know his russian name , that 's why i wrote that he should n't go to the us with that specific transliteration . 
  it would cause some irritation i guess . 
  but : it also could turn out to be seriously hillarious . 
  i 'm not up to date on russian law . 
  is being a missionary really against the law ? 
  is the article actually right when writing all the things about that yarovaya law ? 
  i mean , if it 's true , then i have to admit that this thing is kinda over the top . 
  that hare krishna stuff is not my cup of tea , but i do n't see why you need to presecute their leaders . 
  also : ugay ? 
  hope he does n't travel to the us with that name . 
  interesting . 
  although ... hmmm ... well ...  i think that the people that feel fucked with are just not used to people telling them what they do n't want to hear . 
  i guess that 's why i like your style . 
  as the receiver i never really know how much of what you wrote actually represents your real opinion . 
  i like to project in this case and to assume that you actually are almost ok and i could actually drink an alcoholic bevarage with you . 
  and therefore i assume a certain level of cleverness on your side and not just pure senseless trolling . 
  nevertheless , i seriously not like your opinions , because raisins . 
  but i respect your skill to cause mayhem and i will simply avoid commenting on your comment . 
  cheers dude . 
   it seems ... that 's almost 100 % , right ? 
   im sure there would be no doubt if a mosque was set on fire it depends on whether the perpetrators could credibly argue that it was n't a religiously motivated crime . 
  the same laws would apply to those people , too . 
  like i said a few times on this thread already : only 'cause you do n't like it , you ca n't ignore it . 
  only 'cause you `` feel '' like the punishment does n't fit the crime it does n't mean that the judge was wrong . 
  he got appointed to decide on such matters without your ( and my ) kind of preconceptions . 
  also , just read u/ujorge 's comment above mine here ( the one that started this conversation ) . 
  it shows that this case here was not as `` clear '' as you want it to be . 
  it would save us a lot of `` arguing '' . 
  me neither as long as a crime can be defined as a hate crime without a doubt and everyone is 100 % sure that it is justified to pass that kind of judgement against the perpetrator . 
  yeah , i know . 
  that 's why i wrote : '' `` crimea belongs to ukraine '' printed on it which ** was built ** in the eu . '', 
  same scenario . 
  more fun . 
  more win . 
  that 's an illusion . 
  besides , the line between strict enforcement and oppression is too thin to fuck around with . 
  turkey for example ... they went way too far with their way to enforce things . 
  does n't make turkey more liveable and safer than germany , at least imo . 
  nope , i just did n't realize that it was trolling in the first place . 
  this guy is good ( at trolling ) . 
  it was a sarcastic `` haha '' . 
  like : oh yeah right , this is truly a problem - . - . 
  ah fuck it , sarcasm in a written form is really hard . 
  i am not amused by their situation , quite the contrary . 
  yes , i am aware of that . 
  stupidity wo n't be stopped by laws anyway . 
  xaxa , i like you . 
  you 're almost as cynical as me . 
  we should be friends . 
  disclaimer : i do n't support your `` point of view '' . 
  but i like your way to fuck with the people on this subreddit . 
  i respect that . 
   the russian made train . 
  ukraine should send a daily train through donbass to crimea with `` crimea belongs to ukraine '' printed on it which was built in the eu .
