  this shitty greentext game ( you know ... you implying stuff , without clearly saying it , blabla ... ) is fucking annoying . 
  simply say what you want to say . 
  just try it . 
  in future when you 're about to write a comment , which could be ended with a question mark ( but actually is n't a question ) simply try to write a sentence instead , stating what you actually want to say . 
  here 's an example : instead of writing what you wrote , try : `` it seems to me , that a significant part of migrants from africa are n't doctors and engineers . 
  and they obviously have problems with accepting our way of life '' ... or something like that . 
  just try to sound like an adult , instead of writing like a 16 year old edgelord . 
  hmm ... who is celebrating ? 
  i was like : yeah ? 
  interesting ... they would celebrate that ? 
  is it such an important event ? 
  let 's look at the linked wiki article : `` aleksandar tsankov ( democratic alliance ) ... 
  the insurrection was put down by the army . 
  thousands of rebels were killed without charge or trial . 
  [ 5 ] this marked the debut of aleksandar tsankov 's reign of `` white terror '' , prompting the future bombing of the st nedelya church , prompting , in turn , martial law and an intensification of the terror . '', 
  so who would celebrate that specific day ? 
  i googled today 's news , etc. . . did n't find any `` celebrations '' . 
  this also does n't seen to be a national holiday or anything . 
  so what are you trying to tell us here on r/europe ? 
  do you people commemorate the day ? 
  what is happening on the streets ? 
  is there an official porgramme ? 
  to me , so far , it does n't seem to be such an important event for bulgaria . 
  same answer . 
  you 're really bad at this , not even joking anymore ... 
   seriously before you invent more motives check my comment history nope . 
  so what did you claim though ? 
  more than your president ? 
  i know ... that 's the joke . 
  there are a few comments in this thread , saying , that they 're not buying german cars anymore . 
  i 'm like : okaaaay , have fun with a peugeot then . 
  although , i must admit , that japanese cars are nice . 
  but yeah , ze germans have bought most of the european market . 
  i mean , you can still buy a volvo , quite the nice car . 
  but fiat , lancia , renault ? 
  i 'd rather not . 
  i found the fb page myself already . 
  and please point me to the fb links in this thread . 
  pro tip : you ca n't , because there are n't any . 
  op 's link leads to a picture and nothing else . 
  i already did , what you 're describing , hence my 2 edits . 
  are you trying to troll me ? 
  what the fuck is your angle here ? 
   did you not read my post ? 
  it was published on fb - linking to fb gets a post to be automoderated in this sub . 
  that information was lacking from the beginning . 
  even the initial post still only leads to a picture . 
  i had to find out myself , where that picture was actually coming from . 
  is it so hard to understand , that i actually wanted to know where the picture came from ? 
  am i supposed to believe a guy on the internet ? 
  is this how it works in 2017 ? 
  edit : also you conveniently failed to mention , that you edited your post in order to add the fb part . 
  you did n't write it the first time around . 
  have you read my comment and especially the 2 edits ? 
  i was not implying that it did n't happen . 
  i simply stated , that i would like to see some contextual information in order to make up my mind , before i get totally outraged . 
  using your brain helps , checking sources is advisable in general ... 
   the same exact casualty you were using to explain away the russian situation . 
  what situation am i explaining `` away '' ? 
  all i see is a picture of an audi in front of the memorial . 
  where 's the context ? 
  did audi put it there ? 
  i do n't see any ads . 
  no flyers , nothing . 
  if it 's supposed to be a newspaper ad , where 's the text ? 
  if i click on your link , i simply get to the picture . 
  there 's no newspaper article . 
  so far , the only person implying , that this is an official audi ad is you . 
  please link to an article or something ( with a translation ) . 
  or to a page with more relevant information . 
  edit : i found the article . 
  op is not really good at linking . 
  still do n't know what 's going on , the article is written in polish of course . 
  googled around a little bit , so far there 's no other ( english ) source . 
  edit2 : i obviously have to do the relevant work on my own : it obviously was a picture posted on the audi polska facebook page . 
  therefore it 's actually funny , because obviously the polish guys themselves did n't realize that they let a bad pic get posted to their fb page . 
  all in all , it 's no official campaign . 
  here 's some kind of apology by audipl for their fb fuckup : `` we would like to clarify that a photo session showing one of our models in warsaw was not part of an advertising campaign and was made by an independent photographer who takes pictures of various car models in distinctive locations around the world . 
  the photo was not initiated by audi , and its publication took place without proper verification of the material from the session . '', 
  so yeah , oh mah gawd , audi is advertising in front of the memorial !, 
  do n't buy german cars !, 
  buy a skoda :-), 
   then maybe the issue has always been russian journalists being more nosy than their western colleagues ? 
  independent press has a longer history in the west , so they 've learned their lessons a long time ago . 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  what are you actually trying to say ? 
  what kind of causality are you trying to imply ? 
   now how does this help you in curing your bigotry , is anybody 's guess , rationality is not your strongest suit so i wo n't bother guessing , you are what your parents made or failed at . 
  again , you obviously ca n't make a point without getting personal . 
  after trying to insult me all the time , now you try to insult my parents , too . 
   i can only conclude that being single weights heavy on your mind . 
  and , again , your conclusion is wrong . 
  but at least you 're consistently wrong :-)  why so obsessive about my sex ? 
  how do you get to this conclusion ? 
  i simply stated my train of thought in a written manner . 
  i do n't care about your gender . 
  you are the one obsessing here about unimportant things ...  now how does this help you in curing your bigotry why would you try to cure my bigotry ? 
  why are you actually so obsessed with that ? 
  fun fact : so far you managed to answer none of my questions . 
  why are n't you a bigot ?
