  they are all selling an easy answer to a complicated world . 
  and russia is part of the game , which is the funny part about it . 
  russia is beating us at our own game . 
  all these people realised , that they actually have something to offer , what `` western '' societies are willing to buy . 
  order . 
  it 's pure market theory here . 
  those `` forces '' are creating chaos , so they can sell order . 
  the higher the supply of chaos , the higher the demand for order becomes . 
  i personally think , that we are on the wrong path , once again . 
  we are willing to pay for order with our own values . 
  we already sold privacy . 
  we let ourselves be filmed everywhere . 
  we do n't give a shit anymore about the fact that state agencies snoop into our private lives . 
  the uk regulations , which even manage to regulate the way you 're watching porn !, 
  that would actually be funny , if it was n't true . 
  and the latest german draft adressing our `` facbook issues '' suddenly got a comparable addition . 
  how 's regulating porn providing order ? 
  i do n't know , all i know is that people do n't really care anymore . 
  selling our privacy was a first step . 
  voting nationalist will be the second step , when we start to sell our next value : not discriminating against race , religion , gender ... we are losing this fight , because we forgot about the second front in such a fight . 
  we do n't know how to fight ideological fights anymore . 
  but it 's in the word actually . 
  we fight ideas with ideas . 
  during the cold war we fought the soviets with arms and technology . 
  we had real fronts with real soldiers and we showed them that we can fight them when it 's necessary . 
  but we also fought them on the second front , with the dream we sold , with our ideas . 
  now , we only manage to fight islamist with weapons . 
  we bomb them , we shoot them . 
  but we do n't fight them anymore with our ideas , because we are fighting amongst ourselves . 
  this left/right schism simply shows , that the `` west '' has nothing more to offer . 
  we can shoot them , but we can not show them an alternative to their point of view , which would seem more attractive . 
  * seem attractive * . 
  of course objectively our western world is a nice world and better for individuals to live in . 
  but * subjectively * we can not sell it anymore . 
  we ourselves do n't buy into it anymore . 
  so for me , discriminating against muslims , by showing them out is simply the wrong way , because it 's nothing more than the next nail in our coffin . 
  of course a muslim is not better , than other immigrants . 
  muslims do n't have anything to offer , * compared * to other religions/ethnicities , etc. 
  but it 's not about that . 
  it 's about not losing our values further in this fight . 
  stricter laws , safety , etc , i 'm all for it , but we need to find a way to balance it with our values . 
  only if we manage to present a coherent image , a dream , an alternative way to live , which is also appealing for muslims , only then are we going to be able to actually `` win '' our fights again . 
  the battle will always be there . 
  after the fall of the ussr we got used to the idea , that we do n't have to fight ideological battles anymore . 
  but that 's wrong . 
  we need to fight for our way of life again and again . 
  so there 's no way to win the `` battle '' , because it 's an eternal fight , but we need to find a way to win our fights again . 
  losing muslims to extremist is only showing that we ca n't manage anymore to win these fights . 
  losing one or two , that 's normal statistics . 
  losing that many , like over the last years , that 's worrying . 
  seeing how the turks voted in the western world , that 's also worrying . 
  we can not offer muslims an integrating idea anymore . 
  all in all , i 'm very pessimistic about our future . 
  we are going down the same paths , we went down before . 
  only this time , we are not on the side with the good ideas . 
  we are selling the same shit , the others are selling . 
  order ... the western way . 
   sorry to poke holes into your conspiracy theory . 
  stop apologizing , when you actually do n't mean it . 
  it sounds stupid . 
  also , islamists can be modelled as rational actors , too . 
  they have a set of goals . 
  one of them is killing infidels , for sure . 
  but that is a very simplistic view . 
  they also have to get new recruits , fight against actual armed enemies , in order to conquer or defend territories , finance operations , etc. 
  they actually have political goals and use different tactics and strategies to reach them . 
  islamists are not one-dimensional beings , or pure cannon-fodder for the cod generation . 
  btw , that 's not a conspiracy theory . 
  it 's just a more complex way to view them , than your simple non-believers fairy tale ... 
  taking them serious and analyzing their strategies should be our main goal . 
  have you ever asked yourself why they 're actually attacking us , especially before elections ? 
  did you ever consider , that it 's more about achieving strategic goals , than about killing infidels ? 
  have you ever considered viewing them as organized fighters in a global war without borders ? 
  we would expect the russians to act strategically and to target certain points in case of a war . 
  but , when it 's about islamists , they suddenly become dumb faceless idiots , who `` just '' wan na bomb us ... have you ever asked yourself , why only a specific group of countries get targeted ? 
  mostly countries , where islamists are able to maximize their profits , while investing as little as possible . 
  in the west those countries have a significant share of muslim citizens and are often important in a symbolic way ( like sweden ) , or political way ( france or germany ) . 
  in the middle east , the targets most of the time belong to the `` other '' side . 
  and then there are the usual suspects , which conduct operations against their territories directly ( like the us/uk and russia ) . 
  islamist do n't bomb us for shits and gigglez . 
  terror operations require resources . 
  they have to think about investing those resources for the biggest effect . 
  if terrorizing us would * actually * be cheap as fuck , we would have daily attacks . 
  it 's no conspiracy theory , that they want us to vote for nationalist parties . 
  nationalist parties will be the first ones to exclude or expell muslims from western societies . 
  that would only help terrorist organizations to get new recruits . 
  so they try to achieve more than one goal for as little money as possible . 
  one or two well timed attacks will with a very high probability cause a shift in perception of the threat caused by them and will trigger people to vote for nationalist parties . 
  that in turn will destablize the eu . 
  which is certainly something islamists would like , because it would weaken a strategic enemy . 
  it also would be quite the marketing effort for islamists . 
  conducting succesful attacks on european soil would boost their market value . 
  which in turn would get them new recruits in the west ( especially when they are already marginalized by nationalist policies ) and additional funding by parties interested in supporting their goals . 
  who would like to invest in an organization , which is not able to conduct succesful attacks ? 
  but an organization that is able to attack heavily secured targets in the west , must be a well maintained enterprise , right ? 
  so investing in that would be prudent . 
  so yeah , why are they attacking us right now ? 
  not because lepen is their boss . 
  only an idiot would actually think that this kind of implication is worthy of any thought . 
  they are attacking us now , because it 's the best time .
