   i live in britain and when i talk to older people who voted leave , they mostly seem to say that the eu is just unrecognisable compared to what they voted for 50 years ago . 
  yeah , the times are changing . 
  but at least they have the chance to vote on the outcome on a regular basis . 
  they even had the chance to opt out through brexit . 
  looking at the scottish independence issue that seems pretty generous , compared to comments by english people saying that the referendum was a `` once in a generation '' process . 
   they wo n't change though . 
  the eu is set on a paths and they wo n't change because they do n't have to . 
  they are n't accountable to the people . 
  you are partially right . 
  there is an element of path dependence ( just google the term ) within the evolution of the eu . 
  nevertheless , things are changing . 
  the eu had a legitimacy issue , but it has been ameliorated , and there is still some work to be done on that issue . 
  but it is also a prime example why the status-quo can be bad . 
  the eu is always going to have issues , because it has no predecessor . 
  it 's the european answer to questions specific to europe . 
  we ca n't copy the us or the un . 
  we need to follow our own path . 
  that includes making mistakes and finding ways to correct them . 
  being ambitious about it is the only way , if we want to succeed . 
  if you do n't want it to succeed , then ambitious is of course rather bad . 
  a stagnating eu would sooner or later implode . 
  oh mah sides '' * you felt * the implication was * clear * enough '' ?!, 
  and then you go on rambling about r/europe * misunderstanding * your * implied * message in written form , without any context , simply phrased as a question , that could pretty much mean anything . 
  are you for real ? 
  i am so sorry that we , the users of this subreddit , ca n't read minds . 
  wait , are we talking about our new right-wing saviors now ? 
  to me it sounds a lot like their plan . 
  let 's ask the question differently : is it inherently bad ? 
  or do you simply want to imply that in this specific case it 's bad . 
  then simply say so . 
  imo societies have an inherent urge to better themselves , no let 's reformulate it , they have the urge to make progress . 
  sometimes we come up with wmds and chemical warfare and sometimes we come up with iphones and the internet . 
  a project like the eu project needs to be ambitious , in order to achieve progress . 
  if it would n't be , we would have stagnation , some call it status-quo , because it sounds nicer . 
  but the world keeps changing at a faster pace and the eu needs to adapt accordingly . 
  it was very ambitious in the beginning and it is often cited as an example in different fields and if it wants to survive it is going to have to remain ambitious . 
  of course , the progress achieved is often up for debate . 
  that is your duty as a citizen of the eu . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with debating the achievements of this project . 
  he 's right though . 
  `` ever heard of civil war ? '', 
  seems rather provocative . 
  it surely is n't a moderated or even differentiated view . 
  it rather seems like one of the really beloved rhetorical questions you like to use . 
  the ones , that imply a certain answer , which you assume everybody knows , but `` is too afraid to talk about , because racism , xenophobia , hurrdurr , no censorship mah opinion stupid lefties multikulti , false equivalent '' did i forget something ? 
  it 's challenging to keep up with the amount of stereotypes and buzzword you throw around on a regular basis . 
  yes exactly !, 
  it is called having a political vision for a common future . 
  the eu is often called a project . 
  it is something we have to work on . 
  it requires us to bring in our ideas and hopes for the times that lie ahead of us . 
  sure , we can also work on the problems that bother us today . 
  but it should n't stop us from thinking about the goals we want to achieve . 
  they are of course idealistic in nature . 
  but we need our idealists as much as our realists . 
   it was equally awkward . 
  i guess we found the common theme with president trump . 
  i mean i heard some guy ask them to do a handshake and i saw merkel talking . 
  and apart from that i heard merkel ask him whether he wanted to shake hands , while he kept ignoring her . 
  the whole situtation seemed really cringey and trump obviously tried to look tough or something . 
  oh shit ... opinions and perceptions , how do they work ? 
  just give up , this thread is completely overrun by the usual `` we gon na eradicate ourselves , lookt at the fertility rates of those africans hurrdurr '' people . 
  they wo n't listen to you . 
  look how much you got downvoted for actually trying to make an argument using facts . 
  they have here a nice circlejerk and are confirming each others preconceptions . 
  it 's quite surreal . 
  the hyperbole is crazy and i 'm waiting for more doomsday scenarios like `` we will be completely overrun by muslims by the end of the decade '' . 
  i guarantee you , that there are people here , who actually think , that it 's realistic . 
  just go away . 
  they 're not interested in talking to you . 
  they simply need a place to propagate their views . 
  it 's important to keep up the narrative . 
  we still have important elections ahead . 
  this place will go nuts in half a year , especially , when some retarded terrorist is going to blow himself up before the elections in france or germany . 
   a provincial person who has no clue about how the economy works . 
  aka putin ? 
  i mean , let 's be honest . 
  he tanked the russian economy quite hard . 
  the only thing that is keeping russia afloat is its money reserves . 
  those were the times ... when russia actually made money ... wait , when a few people made a shitload of money . 
   macron has held a conference titled `` which future for europe ? '', 
  in berlin with sigmar gabriel and j\u00fcrgen habermas =  link < = good post , very informative , but can we acknowledge that the link leads to a video that has 55 minutes of people just waiting !, 
  that 's hillarious . 
  maybe you could provide a new link , that starts somewhere at the 55 minute mark or something . 
  you simply need to rightclick on the video and there 's the option for it . 
  you can copy this link : https://youtu.be/cqpviqub60y?t=3249, 
  that is totally uncalled for . 
  why the bashing ? 
  you can leave , but you can come back again somewhen . 
  just give it time , do n't be bitter and try to be a nice human being . 
  after all this whole populism/brexit mess could become the catalyst we needed to get our shit back together . 
  you can either be a cynic or you could do your part and work together with us and fuckin make europe fuckin great again for fuck 's sake !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  if no quads , he 's not right . 
  it 's simple . 
  did you check 'em ? 
  fun fact : berlin still has n't reached the [ population number ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_population_statistics#/media/file:berlin_population2.svg ) of pre wwii levels . 
  meh , i 've been lurking the donnie for a while , cause they 're morbidly funny . 
  the nl election has been a topic for the last few weeks . 
  i would have expected them to learn by now which party wilders belongs to ... ehm wait , owns . 
  therefore , yeah , i 'm gon na laugh at them .
