  lmao , there was a time , when trolling was regarded as a artform ... 
  i remember those days fondly . 
  and then russia came along and it all went to shit . 
  now we get these schmucks without any self-respect prostituting themselves for a few bucks . 
  they do n't even know how annoying that 28k dial-up sound actually was ... fuckin internet kids !, 
  in germany we call it `` haarspalterei '' ( splitting hairs i guess ) . 
  anyways , i was kinda annoyed by the comments prompted by bad translation . 
  there are a few down low , you know the : bwahah she 's so dumb talkin ' about tests , she must be so detached blabla . 
  in that context merkel is implying a `` the price for freedom is eternal whatever '' scenario . 
  she is not talking about simple tests that can be passed but about trials that wo n't end anytime soon . 
  but whatever i guess ... 
   biggest test just because i see so many people commenting on the word `` test '' . 
  she used the expression `` pr\u00fcfung '' , which in this case rather means trial and not test ( like a written test ) . 
  she pretty much talks about how german and european values are on trial and under attack by many different parties interested in destroying these values . 
  and of course some other topics . 
  here 's the text in german https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article160738212/die-neujahrsansprache-von-angela-merkel-im-wortlaut.html i heard that the zdf will publish the video after its emmission with english and arab subtitles . 
  because that 's what it is . 
  it 's actually really easy , look : when you say that everybody who believes in `` imaginary sky daddies '' is `` not very bright '' you also imply that everybody who does not believe in those `` daddies '' must be `` bright '' . 
  so you discriminate between those two groups . 
  if you would posit that everybody is equally dumb regardless of what they believe or do not believe ... that actually would be not dicriminating . 
  so if you now want to tell me , that you did n't imply anything in your first post , then fuckin try to write in a way that does n't leave room for interpretation , ffs . 
  yes , we can !, 
   turks in germany are descendents of economic immigrants with no historical basis . 
  there is a seriously complex discussion that has been going on for years in political sciences ( especially ethnopolitics ) that shows that the whole topic is way more complex than what you try to make it be . 
  turks are descendants of immigrants now . 
  in about 500 years they will become something else . 
  when do you draw the line . 
  and who will actually draw the line how much time has to pass before an ethnic minority can claim that it has been there long enough in order to claim its independence ? 
  also international law and the people ( i.e. 
  the states ) that are practising it decided that the sovereignity of a state has a higher value than the wish of independence of minorities . 
  like others pointed out , it would be fuckin mayhem if it would n't be this way . 
  each and every state that has any kind of beef with an other state could just try to instigate some kind of independence movement in said state to fuck with it ( oh , hello there russia ! ) . 
  it is especially ironic that russia who always drew the `` sovereignity card '' when blocking a referendum in the un sc is simply ignoring ukraine 's sovereignity and instead chooses to use the `` independence card '' suddenly . 
  votes of independence are only commonly accepted ( like others already pointed out ) when all parties agree . 
  that 's the right way to do it . 
  in the case of ukraine nobody asked ukraine . 
  you simply can not posit that the people of crimea wanted it , therefore all is fine . 
  the consequences of such actions are going to be felt for decades . 
  you can read these publications for starters and work your way through the literature if you are interested in any meaningful way . 
  https://www.tcd.ie/political_science/undergraduate/module-outlines/js/irish-politics/irishpols/toddethnopols06.pdf https://www.researchgate.net/publication/259706780_secession_in_catalonia_beyond_identity, 
  miniatur wunderland in germany mrw : http://imgur.com/vzv1miv seriously ... that ca n't be true . 
  no way ... nope . 
  i mean , really ? 
  why ? 
  just how ? 
  hungary : parliament germany : miniatur wunderland, 
  nope , sorry mate , times did n't change . 
  your view is still batshit crazy . 
   ... and i was downvoted into oblivion . 
  typical `` i am the victim of their thought control oppression mechanism '' bullshit . 
  no higher illermainiti powers are at play here . 
  just normal people who actually know how to count . 
  they downvote you because they grow tired of this nonsense everywhere . 
  anyways , of course there is a certain western view on many things associated with russian and/or mena politics . 
  even steinmeier pointed out that there is a lot of tunnel visioning in the german media when reporting about things in eastern europe + russia . 
  you do n't have to be some nutty conspiracionist to recognize that . 
  you simply have to mentally downtune the bias and you can find good info which can help you to formulate an almost educated opinion . 
  but going full retard and insinuating that there is some kind of higher plan for thought control is just dumb . 
  the news outlets belong to big corporations and shareholders who want to make money . 
  maybe that 's the biggest problem nowadays with `` western '' media . 
  news is way too much about money and not about information anymore . 
  but we as cosumers are at fault here , too . 
  a meduza link , now we went through my main news outlets in the course of a few hours :-) i mean russian ones . 
  sorry , just found it kinda funny ... it 's like someone is clicking on the same stupid links as me ... i 'll be honest : i also read radio echo moskow 's news as a fourth source and dekoder.org is a nice addon for people who speak german :-) btt : well fuck !, 
  how the hell is the media now supposed to spin this shit ? 
  putin says `` net '' and decides to wait for trump , which also makes him look like a freakin ' sane guy . 
  i do n't like him at all but i have to admit that he trolled obama really hard , especially during obama 's 2nd term . 
  the western news outlets really tried to hype this shit and build some kind of diplomatic war scenario and putin just stopped the whole show . 
  yeah i know , but he started it :-) ... and putting a disclaimer in front of the text , that i respect women a lot and that i am not a misogynist etc. 
  would have made the comment less fun . 
  sometimes i like to behave like a chauvinistic asshole on the internet i guess . 
  i still think that this topic is freakin hillarious !, 
  yeah i get that . 
  we have the same thought i guess . 
  my concern was , that people would jump on the `` guardian news is fake news '' band waggon , which would be wrong in this case . 
  and yeah , you are right , the main point is still that nothing has been decided yet . 
  putin still has to give his approval . 
  which did n't happen yet . 
  but lavrov seems quite confident right now . 
  aaaand : absolutely !, 
  waiting till something actually happens would be really nice . 
  but nowadays it 's all about the clicks and news have to be fast etc. 
  it annoys me too . 
  they basically so far just report about plans and nothing else . 
  also , the news about the closure of the american school ? 
  such bullshit , only 'cause somebody wanted to be first again . 
  i prefer newsru.com , lenta became very much pro government lately ( i guess forcing the editor in chief out and replacing her gets you that result , but anyways ... ) linking to russian texts without a short translation ( at least the title ) is uncool man . 
  and also : the guardian title is accurate . 
  that 's why the foreign ministry , together with other collegues in other departments , presented a proposal for consideration by the president of russia , to declare 31 employees of the embassy in moscow and 4 employees of the consulate in piter persona-non-grata . 
  so the guardian article is pretty much accurate . 
  all that happened is that putin has to decide now whether he will go along with the proposal of the foreign ministry , or not . 
  there is no decision yet . 
  lavrov expressed his hope , that the initiative prepared by his ministry ( literally , the department under his control ) will be approved soon . 
  `` we think that this proposal will be adressed in the fastest possible way '' declared the head of the foreign ministry of the rf ( as cited in ria novosty ) . 
   except belarus , because fuck belarus . 
   poland is pretty good , no where near russia . 
   in poland , they are a little less quality . 
  that 's pretty thin ice you are walking on right now . 
  :-) and anyways , nordic women are way better . 
  they keep their shape after 35 .
