  oooh , juicy :  ireland ca n't have produced that much greatness if it needs to claim the american president kennedy for itself . 
  i suppose if that 's valid then the uk can claim everything that most other us presidents have achieved , not to mention practically everything ever done by any australians , canadians and new zealanders . 
  and let 's top things off with this one :  think of all the irish-nationalist , terrorist-supporting scum , so many of whom have died and continue to die every day without seeing a ` united ' ireland ... and then think about the many more still alive today who will still never see their vile , racist , irredentist dream come true ...  brings a smile to my face every time !, 
  :-) i like the way you try to convince other people , that you are taking them seriously and that your opinion on this issue should matter . 
   and the geopolitical play keeps on a play ... yeah sure . 
  sadly the people caught up in this `` play '' do n't have the luxury to view it in such simplistic terms as you . 
   while europe is hopelessly left oh , this is what it 's all about . 
  you needed some kind of pretext to peddle your usual `` the eu is bad , it has completely failed '' bullshit . 
   tools/structures needed to play the game in a meaningful way . 
  fortunately diplomats in the eu do n't think , that this shit is supposed to be a game . 
  the eu has its own set of tools , which are based on its economic power . 
  something russia is missing . 
  russia has a nuclear arsenal , but economically that country never caught up with the west and now it even destroyed much of the progress of the last decade . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2011/briefing_georgia_15aug08_tv-1136.pdf ) a nice read for you : `` attempts to ` punish ' russia will neither end the hostilities in georgia , nor help avoid another war in eastern europe . 
  relations between russia and the eu have become increasingly strained in recent years . 
  russia has issued a number of threats to individual eu countries ; for example , to target poland and the czech republic with nuclear missiles if they agreed to host us missile defence installations . 
  should the eu start making threats to russia , moscow would match those threats and even up the ante . 
  the eu has been right not to copy russia 's aggressive tone . 
  it should stick to that approach ; all the moreso because russia is now even less inclined to respond positively to any eu threats . 
  the georgia war and the western reaction to it has left moscow feeling aggrieved . 
  some policy-makers believe this war was a western trap to tarnish russia 's reputation : the us and others encouraged georgia to attack south ossetia so that russia would either be portrayed as weak ( if it did not respond ) or as aggressive ( if it did ) . 
  so moscow would dismiss any eu threats as absurd hypocrisy . 
  europe 's response to the war in georgia should focus not on russia but on the countries between russia and the eu . 
  the eu needs to revitalise its policy towards the eastern neighbourhood . 
  that would be the most effective way of stabilising the former communist countries and preventing another war in europe . 
  the eu 's interest in the eastern neighbourhood boils down to two things : eastern europe should be free from conflict , and it should be anchored to the west -- that is , bound in a tight institutional and economic relationship with it ; one close enough to discourage irresponsible politics and that enriches both sides by facilitating mutual trade . '', 
  to sum it up : the [ conflict in georgia ] ( https://ifsh.de/file-core/documents/yearbook/english/04/k%c2%94nig.pdf ) has been a complex matter for some time now . 
  the eu , as well as the us , or any other magic fairy playing games , has no means of really helping it without risking destabilizing the region even more . 
  the involved parties are not interested in resolving the issue in a mutually benefitial way . 
  the harsh reality is , that some conflicts ca n't be resolved without russian cooperation . 
  putin is not inclined to cooperate . 
  this shit here is on him and not on the eu . 
  there is no power on this planet that could strong-arm the russian government under putin to cooperate . 
  and let 's be real , for putin that conflict is a nice thing to have , because this way he can appeal to his home audience by depicting himself as a strong leader , while the economy goes down the shitter . 
   the fact that you can not see any abuse is a problem in itself . 
  please point me to the abuse , open my eyes . 
   freedom of speech exists to protect the minority views , not because they are always right but because they could be right . 
  so , if a minority calls for eradicating another minority , what shall we do then ? 
  which minority is worth more ? 
  i 'm gon na copypaste one of my other comments here , because this is getting annoying : the funny thing is , that this proposal also encompasses all that bullshit spread around by isis . 
  if an islamist radical would call for the death of infidels and post a picture of a beheaded guy with the caption , that this is the fate for all europeans , that would fall under our laws against inciting violence and hatred . 
  i would bet , that half of the people in this thread crying `` censorship '' would be quite conflicted what to think about that . 
  because we all hate muslims , right ? 
  but if a german posts a picture of dachau with the caption that we need to start the ovens again , because we need to burn all the refugees ... that suddenly is free speech . 
  hmmm ... isis calling for europeans to be killed ... 
  shoot them , deport them , let them feel the full force of our laws !, 
  germans calling for burning all the refugees ... free speech !, 
  this is the end of democracy , when they are not allowed to do that !, 
  that 's why trump got elected !, 
  yeah ... sure ... logic . 
  edit : yes i am talking about threats of violence . 
  that 's `` hate speech '' here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung that 's what we are debating in germany . 
  a bad one ... [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlzxrzfcyos ) what i think about your opinion . 
  and how is this an answer to the issue of curbing hate speech on facebook ? 
  am i supposed to read your thoughts ? 
  i 'll try to answer what i assume you are hinting at : living in west germany was quite nice . 
  living in west berlin was n't that bad either . 
  there were laws making living nice and they helped to develop a nice country . 
  i can see , that this concept seems rather strange for someone living in bulgaria . 
  but you should try it , maybe you 'll catch up somewhen . 
   i do n't see the point . 
  then why the fuck are we doing this shit here ? 
   you already know that linz has critics . 
  the critique is aimed at the causal relationships . 
  his hypothesis is quite accepted and very compelling in more general means . 
   there 's a big difference between the transient authoritarians who have popped up now and then in our hemisphere , and the frightening totalitarian states that have appeared in china , russia and europe . 
  yeah no shit . 
  they are different shades of authoritarian . 
   a president can be a strongman , but only a party ( or a coalition of parties ) can transform democracy into totalitarianism . 
  source ? 
  this debate becomes tedious somehow . 
  let 's sum it up : * you * do n't agree ... yeah tough luck , i guess . 
  i am inclined to believe that this account is some kind of second account of the other `` historian '' who deleted his initial comment . 
  i wasted hours debating somebody who has `` opinions '' . 
  this shit here is highly unsatisfying . 
  do n't expect another reply . 
  please go fuck yourself , i 'm out . 
  i feel royally trolled , 10/10 , you made me respond and actually take the time for this shitty debate here , about your `` opinions '' . 
  what a shitshow . 
   so why are you giving only examples of threats . 
  because it is one of the main issues of this whole ordeal . 
  threat of violence is not an accepted part of our democratic society . 
  the funny thing is , that this proposal also encompasses all that bullshit spread around by isis . 
  if an islamist radical would call for the death of infidels and post a picture of a beheaded guy with the caption , that this is the fate for all europeans , that would fall under our laws against inciting violence and hatred . 
  i would bet , that half of the people in this thread crying `` censorship '' would be quite conflicted what to think about that . 
  because we all hate muslims , right ? 
  but if a german posts a picture of dachau with the caption that we need to start the ovens again , because we need to burn all the refugees ... that suddenly is free speech . 
  hmmm ... isis calling for europeans to be killed ... 
  shoot them , deport them , let them feel the full force of our laws !, 
  germans calling for burning all the refugees ... free speech !, 
  this is the end of democracy , when they are not allowed to do that !, 
  that 's why trump got elected !, 
  yeah ... sure ... logic . 
  edit : yes i am talking about threats of violence . 
  that 's `` hate speech '' here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung that 's what we are debating in germany . 
   i am talking about the other posts it can be considered hate speech . 
  what posts now ? 
  i seriously do n't know anymore what you 're talking about . 
  you need to be more specific . 
   this is destroying your democratic freedom .
