  it takes year to acquire the permits needed and the investing part is put on hold . 
  building new pieces of autobahn ? 
  well good luck with that . 
  it takes years until everybody involved is satisfied . 
  new cables for high speed internet ? 
  did you comply with communication legislation ? 
  and who is going to pay for the maintenance ? 
  well , good luck with that . 
  let 's face it , i mean really , just for once : a public government investing money is always going to get some kind of shit for it . 
  do you trust your government with investing all the money it took from you ? 
  that 's the reality of democratic states . 
  governments have to be able to be held accountable for their decissions . 
  therefore we have a ton of regulations and laws telling our governments what they can do and what they can not . 
  that 's a standard government for you . 
  we have a federal system on top of that . 
  therefore : spending money on infrastructure is ridiculously hard in democracies . 
  you do n't like that ? 
  azerbaijan is a nice example what public funds can buy you without legislation . 
  baku has some nice buildings . 
  i do n't really know if they 're actually needed , but someone , i do n't know who , decided to fund them . 
  anyways , the german government is investing money , where it can . 
  our political system , our regulations and our laws make it hard for our government to simply spend money . 
  we like it that way and are only annoyed by it , when we want the government to invest it in something new , when `` we '' actually want it . 
  then we realise , that it 's too hard , then we have a debate for the next five years about it , then the issue will be old again , then we forget about it until the cycle starts again . 
  yay for democracy . 
   most of states do not use the full amount of infrastructure spending that the federal government allocates to them . 
  that 's not on sch\u00e4uble . 
  that 's on the state governments . 
  it certainly is part of the issue , but i think that sch\u00e4uble plays a big part aswell . 
  i never talked to him , but many people know that it is no fun bargaining with him . 
  they know , that they never get the money for free and that there are strings attached to it . 
  before you jump to conclusions , i do n't hate sch\u00e4uble . 
  he 's simply doing his job . 
  but i think , that the way he 's doing it , is part of the bigger issue . 
  on the other hand , i could n't do it better . 
  someone has to make the shitty decissions and as the finance minister you 're certainly not going to make many new friends . 
  but all in all , i actually ca n't remember any german finance minister , who has been liked by the people . 
  it is a shitty job . 
  somehow you have to accommodate a load of wishes with very limited ways to do it . 
  but anyways , i only inculded him , because people often think , that federalism is the only issue here . 
  the truth is , that the matter is seriously complex and that many more factors interfere with each other , which are part of the federal system but also simply part of human psychology . 
  so the simple `` invest more '' mantra is checked real hard by the german ploitical system and the key actors on the local , state and federal level . 
  try to make all those people work together ... haha , good luck with that . 
  to be honest , this bullshit is getting annyoing . 
  it is still the federal republic of germany . 
  and it still can be compared to a degree to the us . 
  just like california is richer , than other states , the same can be applied to german states . 
  schools and roads are part of local politics . 
  schools are actually often part of really local politics . 
  the german government ca n't do shit about it . 
  the federal surplus is part of the federal budget , which in turn gets used for military spending but also in big parts for social spending , etc. 
  just like in the us the federal budget is used for the ` bigger issues ' . 
  the only roads maintained by the `` government '' are the bundesautobahn . 
  that 's why they are called * bundes * autobahn . 
  they belong to the bund . 
  therefore , the statement , that `` germany 's infrastructure is creaking '' is oversimplyfied . 
  there are poor states and rich states . 
  the infrastructure is surely creaking in certain parts of germany . 
  just come to berlin and take a look yourself . 
  but there are also parts of germany , which look quite healthy . 
  the german government has a limited reach and limited tools to `` invest '' the money . 
  and then there 's local-federal politics . 
  you have to keep in mind , that state governments are often made up of oposition parties . 
  the cdu led ministry of finance is also not very interested in simply `` helping '' poorer states out , if they 're led by the spd for example . 
  the bargaining process between the federal government and the state government can become quite complex . 
  the mof is not going to be interested in helping out simply because the people there have a good heart . 
  keep in mind , that mof is still responsible for starving greece . 
  sch\u00e4uble is not known for being a nice guy . 
  it 's actually quite funny , because sch\u00e4uble is spending most of his time in berlin . 
  so he should be able to see , that berlin needs money to invest in its infrastructure . 
  but hell will freeze over before sch\u00e4uble is going to invest money here . 
  especially not now , when the cdu was voted out of the state government in berlin . 
  to sum it up : germany 's infrastructure is fine in some parts and is shit in some other parts . 
  the german government wo n't be able to do as much about it as it would actually want itself . 
  germany is still a federal republic and german states are always keen on keeping a certain level of independence from the federal government . 
  just take a look at bavaria . 
   sifting through my posts in an attempt to denigrate me will never work . 
  nah it worked , it made me look aswell and i 'm laughing my ass off right now , who the fuck would post in r/nofap ... ffs , you have some real issues m8 . 
  such a strong american :-), 
  not really ... http://news.stanford.edu/news/2009/january7/power-010709.html, 
   great , now all we need is the usa to join the eu . 
  oh god please no !, 
  just build the fuckin wall and stay on your side . 
  the planet will be better off ... 
   that is sad that you dislike them . 
  why is it sad ? 
   maybe read their program if you didnt already . 
  i read their programme . 
  that 's why i do n't `` like '' them . 
  it 's not about sympathy and shit . 
  i do n't agree with some pretty important points . 
  and i do n't think , that they have a viable vision for a german future in the eu and nato . 
  i actually read all `` fringe '' programmes . 
  i read the afd programme aswell , because it 's important to know , what the parties on the fringes of the political spectrum are standing for . 
   and without bias did you even watch the speech ? 
  i skimmed through it . 
  that 's why i mentioned gysi . 
  he seems credible , when he 's talking to an audience . 
  i also like watching him on the usual shows , when he 's arguing with other people from the cdu especially . 
  but listening to wagenknecht is as much fun as listening to merkel .
