  humankind is not profiting at all from nationalist policies . 
  `` america first '' is not going to help the world . 
  there is no `` trickle down '' in international relations . 
  you shit on the world , you shit on the world ... spade , spade ... simple . 
  now i am actually discussing this bullshit , i ca n't believe it . 
  i 'm out . 
  waste of time . 
  sad . 
  i feel pretty much the same the whole day . 
  actually the whole week . 
  do you want to be friends , or why are you asking ? 
  i can tell you about my day , if you want . 
  it was n't that special tbh . 
  normal stuff . 
  weather is mediocre . 
  i guess the weather is nicer where you live . 
  judging by the time you 're posting you must be somewhere close to the west coast . 
  or japan . 
  i ai n't sure . 
  the fuck do i know , we could be all dogs ... 
   you know , i thought about it a bit more do n't stop ... 
  i know it hurts , but do n't stop . 
   i also think it 's in large part due to brainwashing in the german school system . 
  brainwashing ... hmm , i would call it education . 
  it 's the thing that people in the us rarely get . 
  just like health care ... an other thing people in the us ... nah forget it dawg . 
   that makes them hyper-cautious and distrustful of any leader who espouses nationalism . 
  nope , you 're wrong . 
  shocking , i know . 
  what makes us cautious is experience . 
  and education . 
  60 years of cooperation ( especially with our french friends ) showed us that it 's the bestest way . 
  it ca n't get any bester . 
  nationalism is just stupid . 
  it is . 
  it 's just bad . 
  trust me . 
  i know things . 
   actually , i do n't think there 's anything inherent in the german psyche that is uniquely susceptible to nazism . 
  yeah , no shit sherlock . 
   the weak institutions of the weimar republic were a necessary factor in hitler 's rise . 
  ... hmmm ... education ... health care ... things you lack . 
  i see a pattern . 
   and the u.s. has much stronger , battle-tested institutions . 
  ... sure buddy pal jim . 
  please spare me any replies . 
  or do n't ... i do n't care actually . 
  i am not interested in `` discussing '' on this level . 
  it 's still freakishly low energy and it lacks sophisti ... could you send someone else from the_donald ?!, 
  thanks . 
  i see you identify with your president a lot already . 
  there is always need for sophisitcation . 
  this is so not high energy !, 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  edit : i decided to edit in a typo , for the gigglez . 
   lol , behold the power of msm brainwashing . 
  you people really need to come up with new memes . 
  the `` msm '' meme is so 2k16 . 
  you literally lost me at the 5th word . 
  it just ai n't fresh anymore . 
  sad !, 
  i feel insulted that you do n't deem us worthy anymore of your effort to provoke us here in new , elaborate and funny ways . 
  lame !, 
  are the sophisticated the_donald users asleep or what ? 
  yep i know , i voted for die partei for the ep . 
  but some elections are too important . 
  not gon na waste my vote here . 
   most germans , if not absolutely all know perfectly well ... 
  i guess that is the reason why all the newspapers decided to write at least one article titled `` who is schulz ? '', 
  `` what does schulz stand for ? '' . 
  but whatever . 
  i 'm gon na jump on the mega train , those guys are more fun . 
  well , ok then . 
  in that case i will reconsider everything i said and i am going to adopt everything you said , because your points are obviously more compelling than mine . 
   do you really think nationalists/right-wing-extremists are going to have a hard time finding the right narrative when it comes to the former eu-parliament president who pushed for more power to the eu ? 
  yes , i do . 
  most germans do n't associate anything bad with him . 
  he is not tainted by the politics of the last years . 
  they see him as a genuine alternative . 
   just in this thread you are probably gon na see `` but he saaaaid refutschees are gold !!!!, 
  and he said the onli purpose of germany is 2 ensure israel 's existence !!! '' . 
  the message perceived in germany is , that he was reminding the members of the eu to work together during the refugee crisis . 
  it is going to be hard to spin it . 
  they will see him as the guy doing his work in the ep . 
  his statements and positions during that time are perceived as prudent or are not perceived at all . 
  also :  just in this thread you are probably gon na see i 'm also expecting a lot of `` mega ! '', 
  `` no brakes '' and `` train '' memes in this thread . 
  so , what now ? 
  for me the coolest thing about all this is that schulz ca n't be attacked by the alt-right/trump/putin whatever `` forces '' as easily as merkel . 
  they just did n't think ( like most of us ) that he would be the next candidate . 
  he was n't part of any government ( german ) so far . 
  this makes it kinda hard for them to find a good narative against him . 
  this could be fun to witness . 
   kurds ... terrorists ok then . 
  not gon na discuss on this level with you . 
  if you really think that kurds are terrorists , then ... nah , i 'm not gon na waste my time here . 
   since when was turkey and kurdish forces in syria/iraq fighting against each other ? 
  since the turkish government decided to mingle in syria because the kurds were gaining territories . 
  they sure as hell are not fighting together . 
  and one sentence before you just called them terrorists .
