  i find this shit hillarious . 
   i do n't mean to alarm you , but ;     1 ) you 're using ie i 'm using edge ;-) xaxaxa nah , anyways i exclusively use it for twitch streams , because they interstingly run more smoothly on edge . 
  only the twitch streams , any other stream is running perfectly fine on firefox . 
  do n't ask me why , but the latest firefox iterations somehow fucked it up ... also how fast did you click on those links , i edited them within the first minute after realising my mistake ... 
  yeah , i do n't really ... what ? 
  nope , they 're not : i like this one here : http://i.imgur.com/qc75yau.jpg and this one is somehow even funnier : http://i.imgur.com/9uqcuwn.jpg, 
   that is more a question of political willpower . 
  this study just implies that it is indeed economically feasible , if that 's what they want to do . 
  but politically , it would indeed imply going toe-to-toe with merkel 's government , and their people in brussels & frankfurt . 
  but , financially , it 's possible . 
  that 's the interesting part for me , actually . 
  i am assuming that our leading politicians get their ideas * from somewhere * . 
  this [ council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_council_of_economic_experts ) is a part of the puzzle . 
  but it seems a little hard to make out which scientists are also able to get the attention of merkel/sch \u00e4uble . 
  there was an article somewhere claiming that we need to stop the `` neoclassical monoculture '' in germany . 
  so the consensus is i assume , that the economists dominating the views of our economical-political elite come from that school . 
  i am aware that the paper you linked here comes from the hans b\u00f6ckler stiftung . 
  and that seems interesting insofar , that , if we manage to get the spd into power in germany and schulz as the new chancellor , then how long would it take to start changing the political approach ? 
  our ministry of economics is a already lead by spd ministers . 
  but the agenda setting power still lies within the ministry of finance and merkel 's office . 
  so having an economy minister from the `` left '' is obviously not enough . 
  the chancellor and the finance minister seem to be the ones dominating the debate . 
  germany as a nation has now heard the austerity tale for a few years and even hinting at some kind of bail-out for other european countries gets you a veritable debate here . 
  so even with a spd leadership it would take a few years to `` shift the narrative '' . 
  the csu will never shut up about it to be honest . 
  but : if spain would find the political will to go ahead and change their policies accordingly , it could actually help to shift the debate here , too . 
  so far spain and ireland are often quoted as the success stories of the austerity approach with greece being the outlier ... `` we only have to give them enough time '' ... 
  in the sphere of political science and also sociology that shift in debate already is occuring . 
  there is some pressure showing that we need a more `` humane '' approach . 
  and the rise of the afd at least had the positive effect , that we now also have a debate about the consequences of the decades of the `` neo-liberal '' policies . 
  so , if these economists could manage to be heard in spain , it would actually speed up the process and help the german debate aswell . 
  the eu should n't expect , that a possible schulz chancellor is going to be able to completely abandon austeritiy . 
  he would need positive examples within the eu to sell it to the people in germany . 
  the jewelery was sewed into their clothes . 
  they wanted to use it to somehow finance their escape , but they never made it . 
  if you ca n't take your money with you , you need to have a back-up plan . 
  it did n't seem that dumb to hide some of the diamonds , etc somewhere , where nobody would search for them . 
  in those times touching the female members of the family would still have been a bad idea . 
  ah , you 're also the mod of r/economics . 
  now i get it :-) what do you guess , how many people actually understood this paper ? 
  i scrolled through it and went to the conclusions . 
  which are totally my cup of tea , but i still think that any economic policy supporting a more keynesian approach will be shunned nowadays . 
  the washington consensus still seems to be the status-quo in some form and sch\u00e4uble wo n't back off from austerity , especially not this year during the elections . 
  but on the other hand , spain can still handle its finances anyway it likes as long as it stays below the limits stated by the eu fiscal compact . 
  do you think that there is a chance that the spanish government would take such an approach into account ? 
  in germany this kind of thinking would be complete heresy . 
  maybe it would change under schulz , but not under the merkel/sch \u00e4uble duo . 
  also , i 'm gon na throw in parkinson 's law of triviality . 
  this paper is the nuclear power plant . 
  you need to link an article that has the bike-shed version , so more people would be able to comment on the contents of the paper ... 
   russians are n't fighting in this war . 
  and that 's why everybody thinks that putin is weak !, 
  he 's just talk and no actions . 
  russians are getting killed in ukraine , but putin just sits there and watches !, 
  how can you let this man be president of russia ? 
  he is n't doing anything for russia !, 
  he sends russian soldiers to die in syria , but he ca n't be assed to protect real russians in ukraine ? 
  he kills your economy , but he somehow gets richer all the time !, 
   i am perfectly willing to debate and read other opinions . 
  that is mighty nice of you , i commend you on that . 
  i , on the other hand , have very low tollerance levels for bullshit . 
  therefore , i simply bow out and wish you a nice day . 
  eu rules !, 
  eu number one !, 
  ooooh , this is such a nice pvv echo chamber you have here ... so cozy !, 
  yeah !, 
  i 'll leave you both alone now ... enjoy your safe space . 
  xxx, 
  you should point out , that he not only lived there for seven years , but that he actually survived it ... this guy must be some kind of wizzard , that 's for sure . 
  a dark master of sorcery . 
  yep , seriously , this must have been quite the effort . 
  well made post , absolutely informative . 
  it deserves the gold , that 's for sure . 
  i am impressed . 
  thanks for doing that . 
  that 's actually a decent comment . 
  it made me smile . 
  i also have a strange startrek simpsons moment here . 
  have an upvote for that . 
   well you did such a good job wading through all my comments like a little investigator it was n't such a big effort , res makes it quite easy , you just scroll down . 
  and the fact , that you manage to come over as an `` english condescending prick '' for about 95 % of your comment history , makes it really easy ... honey ;-), 
   i saw on the bbc an interview with a woman who voted yes to independence last time but will vote against it this time purely because of immigration . 
  well , that settles it then . 
  i was wrong after all . 
   saxon police ignores right-extremists ? 
  who would have thought . 
  to be fair , they also let the radical islamist commit suicide in his cell . 
  they do n't seem to be very `` professional '' overall . 
  i think , that the really astounding piece of information is , that the authorities view it as terrorism from the beginning and that therefore the federal prosecuter office got involved very early . 
  also , ca n't wait for the first commenter to point out , that we would n't have these problems if merkel would n't have left in all the refugees , hurrdurr . 
   there are going to be plenty of people who want scottish independence but who will vote against it because they do n't want to join the eu . 
  being for scottish inependence and against a eu-accession is not mutually exclusive . 
  those people you mentioned can vote for independence and that 's it . 
  i doubt that they will vote `` remain '' because they fear an eu-accession . 
   in fact in light of all those issues it becomes apparent that for independence to win it will need to focus on the emotional argument and fear , such as incoherent rambling about ` what type of country we want to be ' , as the financial and logical arguments are heavily against independence . 
  so , just like the brexit campaign then ? 
  it worked there , why should n't it work in scotland , too ? 
  i think i 'll start the `` touchy-feely-campaign '' right now by quoting some of your comments :  scotland has been a burden on england since the act of union between the kingdom of england and kingdom of scotland , except for a brief period around the 1970s and 80s when there was an initial boost from north sea oil production . 
  or  well have fun waiting 30 years until there 's another ref :-) and this one is nice :  plonker . 
  this is why you scots ca n't be trusted with another referendum , so many of you are blind to the facts .
