  we had enough widely publicised cases , where the kids got taken away by their fathers to foreign countries . 
  it seems pretty clear , that as long as your ex-wife is not abusing the kids , they should stay with her , so that they can stay in germany . 
  besides , my sympathy is kinda limited , when you tell me that your ex-wife simply took the kids and ran away . 
  i am assuming that you were n't without any fault regarding the whole mess . 
   i disagree on that . 
  there are rights and wrongs in politics . 
  it all depends on definitions . 
  things can be morally wrong but legaly right . 
  thinking that politics is about terms as right or wrong is indicative of an uninformed and undifferentiated view . 
  some people see it as a social construct others see it as a system to enforce the will of the majority . 
  politics is not right or wrong , it 's complex . 
   for example , it 's wrong to create a law , which specifically targets groups of people because of their race . 
  i guess the refugees sitting in your prisons or in camps outside your border are going to agree with you . 
   how is it important , to know the political opinion of your lecturer on a class about anything ? 
  context ... you ca n't ignore it , although you obviously are trying very hard . 
  it seems to me that you found your next `` definition circle jerk battlefield '' . 
  to sum it up for you : it is important . 
   since everything should be questioned by critical thinking , the teacher should question his own beliefs as well , and present their classes in a way it 's neutral of their personal opinion . 
  yeah ... in primary school maybe . 
  the world is as black and white there as you might prefer it . 
  in a university you get to the level , where things become complicated and you simply need more information to form your own thoughts about certain issues . 
  taking a class on the impact of economic reforms in the ex ussr has quite different outcomes when your lecturer is a fighter for the washington consensus . 
  a french economist like pikety has fundamentally different views on such a topic compared to somebody teaching at harvard . 
  and yet , they are both `` teachers '' and as a student you need to be aware of the school of thought they come from . 
  there are professors ( varoufakis is one ) who are opposing austerity and would like to see a more keynesian approach to economy . 
  they are `` teachers '' at universities . 
  it 's the fuckin reality . 
  it is a daily occurence and your fairy tale `` neutral '' university world simply does n't exist . 
  how hard can it be to accept the fact that societies are created under a constant fight for the right `` direction '' . 
  there is no right or wrong . 
  there are only different approaches . 
  and as a student you need to know which approach your lecturer prefers . 
  because there are preferences , you ca n't ignore it . 
  no cpaitalist is going to tell you that the communist manifesto is a good primary source . 
  neo-marxists in italy would have a different opinion . 
  i mean , how many examples do i actually have to bring , to show you , that politics in universities are a normal occurence . 
  in the fields i mentioned . 
  biology , etc is of course a completely different topic . 
  although , even there you have issues which can have a societal impact , gmos for example . 
   you do n't believe my opinion , which is fine , but where did you get ` hate ' from ? 
  i was n't talking about hate . 
  i was talking about different political opinion in university lectures . 
  i was implying that you have a political agenda . 
  there , i spelled it out for you . 
   perhaps organisation is not the correct phrase in english . 
  i mean the government is a body which is involved in politics , by definition . 
  so is the eu , whether we 're talking about an eu institution , or the union of countries as a whole . 
  you need to be more specific . 
  everybody is involved in politics . 
  even universities ( deans , scientists , etc. ), 
  what do you actually think from where our political leaders get their ideas to implement austerity on everbody ? 
  it 's the fuckin universities !, 
  you know , those `` neutral '' institutions you dreamed up ... . . not involved in politics , at all ... no no, 
  it 's not an issue in germany . 
  shared custody is the norm although , the law is assuming that the kid is living with one parent most of the time and sees the kid moving weekly ( daily , or whatever ) between homes as the exception . 
  here 's a german publication : https://www.destatis.de/de/presseservice/presse/pressekonferenzen/2011/mikro_kinder/pressebroschuere_kinder.pdf?__blob=publicationfile the tl ; dr : 82300 divorces : 77000 ( 94 % ) get shared custody , because it 's actually the legal norm . 
  you have to explicitly file for full custody and then the family court has to decide in every single case . 
  here the situation is different : the rulings in those contentious cases were in favor of the mother with 71 % . 
  in 7 % in favor of the father . 
  and in 20 % the court decided in favor of shared custody therefore against the filing party . 
  so all in all , 94 % get shared custody . 
  the contentious cases are a different story , you are right about that . 
  but i feel inclined to assume that the courts are right , because the topic of custody is n't such a big issue in germany . 
  therefore i assume that the rulings are seen as justified . 
  if there was a systematic case of discrimination against men , the topic would be much bigger in germany . 
   are you okay with this ? 
  of course i am . 
  why should n't i ? 
  my professors are human beings not fuckin robots . 
  especially , when teaching politics , sociology or economy , the people will have some kind of political leaning . 
  it 's an important piece of information . 
  there is no right or wrong in those fields . 
  i obviously can find you within seconds a bunch of people who think that the orb\u00e0n government is corrupt and autocratic , and i also would need just a few seconds to find you people who think that his government is the most democratic thing out there and a defender of european values . 
  knowing about their political values is important in context , the world is not black and white and humans have political views . 
   does n't matter the side they lean to , it 's equally bad . 
  yeah , i do n't believe you . 
  there 's no equal hate in hungary right now . 
   my government is a political organisation , so is the eu . 
  a university is not . 
  nope . 
  governments are not [ political organisations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_organisation ) , what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the eu is a [ supranational union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supranational_union ) and not some kind of government . 
  and universities are part of the education system . 
  you 're comparing all these things according to your uninformed perception . 
  what they have in common is , that they are home to societal actors . 
  to be more specific , university professors and deans are , or can be , societal actors , depending on their own view of their role . 
  universities can be home to groups which are acting on changing things on a societal level and they are involved in educating students in becoming societal actors , or not . 
  it all depends on the study field and on the inclination of the individual . 
  and to answer your next `` rant '' :  how does the university , the institution itself develops a political opinion ? 
  is it the rector ? 
  a dean ? 
  some deans ? 
  all of the teachers ? 
  everyone who 's employed there ? 
  the students ? 
  who exactly ? 
  i simply used the term university to encompass a vast number of individual actors who work on changing societies according to their own political views . 
  initiating a retarted argument about `` who exactly yadayada '' is simply tiresome . 
  we both exactly know what the implied meaning in the term `` university '' is supposed to be in this context . 
  universities are in their sum insitutions , which can develop a certain leaning .
