  to sum it up : i know you 're a polish nationalist . 
  you can drag your country into an open conflict with russia if you really want . 
  but let the rest of the world use their diplomatic channels for this kind of stupidity . 
  that 's what adults ( parents ) do . 
  this shit is not about appeasment . 
  it 's about finding the appropriate answer for a fuckin air-space incursion during peace-times . 
  do n't shoot your kid , if he 's testing boundaries again ... 
  in my days people enjoy living in peaceful conditions . 
  you want a war ? 
  this is how you get a war . 
   in my days non violent people protected by violent ones had the decency to be quiet about it . 
  and i do n't even know what the fuck you 're actually rambling about . 
  i sure as hell hope that the majority of our soldiers are not violent ones , but level-headed , intelligent persons . 
  when i served i got the feeling , that most of them are . 
  and the ones who came over as militaristic war hungry bullshitters did n't stay long . 
  we do n't need violent soldiers . 
  we need smart soldiers . 
  not shooting down a plane in such a situation is the smart thing to do . 
  you can escort him out of your airspace and let the diplomats do the rest . 
  that 's their job . 
  russia is now able to get a fair warning , that this shit do n't fly with the uk . 
  doing it again , can cause harsher answers , maybe even shooting the plane down . 
  you know , some kind of escalation in small steps . 
  you do n't escalate to the max like an idiot , when there 's no need for it , ffs . 
   intercept and force to land . 
  if he refuses , shot him down . 
      if you dont respect yourself , no one else will . 
  yeah , this seems like the reasonable thing to do / s, 
   are you done feeling better about yourself ? 
  nope , i 'm never done , why should i ? 
  i hope that i 'll always feel `` better about myself '' ...  russian language was part of church culture introduced by kirril and mefodii . 
  and in 18 century was heavily reformed by russian aristocracy for writing poems , novels and etc. 
  i guess i somehow managed to touch upon a sore point . 
  it 's what my russian teacher and my friends from russia told me . 
  did n't know that it was all wrong . 
  i 'll lecture them on that the next time . 
  feel free to downvote ... 
   are you suggesting kids ' detention should be conditional on them taking it well ? 
  oh yes of course . 
  what 's wrong with you russians ? 
  `` hey , we have the best child-care here , we do all we can to `` protect '' them ... we also use force , because fuck children , right ? '', 
  the mental gymnastics olympics are really early in the year this time obviously . 
  come on man , medvedev is an honest beggar , not like this filthy 10 year old boy , who has to feel the full extent of the `` law '' ... / s, 
   how should a police officer understand that a person demanding his name is a citizen ? 
  also does '' \u043e\u0431\u0440\u0430\u0449\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f '' implies verbal demand or a written one ? 
  oh so this is now some kind of grey area , where a police officer ca n't really know what the actual law really means . 
  but `` begging '' is clear cut well defined and the situation warranted the use of force against a minor , because he * clearly * was begging ... sure buddy ... 
   this is fake news . 
  lmao , you 're a joke . 
  please provide credible news then . 
   so it 's just your assumptions . 
  we have videos here showing it . 
  they show , how he did n't do anything wrong . 
  they also show how a 10 year old gets forcibly removed by adults missing any kind of empathy , or professional skills needed to handle the situation ( funnily enough they call themselves `` child protection '' ) . 
  as far as i can see it , they simply failed the standard police aplication test or something and earn their money by dragging 10 year olds along the ground ... child `` protection '' my ass . 
  so yeah , my assumptions seem pretty on point based on the videos . 
  i seriously would n't want to live in your world , where you call adults dragging kids along the ground `` protection '' ... what a joke . 
  yep , the government should protect children , it should n't harass and detain them . 
  if that 's your idea of protection , then good luck russia . 
   begging is illegal in russia thinking for yourself obviously , too . 
  how the hell are n't you able as an `` official '' of the state , to simply differentiate and use your fuckin brain ? 
  this kid did n't disrupt public life , he did n't do anything annoying as fuck and i doubt , that he actively asked for money or anything . 
  as an adult with a job these people in their uniforms should be able to use some common sense and say `` nah , fuck it , there 's nothing wrong with that '' . 
  certain laws leave room for interpretation and let officials of the state decide , whether the act is punishable/important/whatever , or not . 
  they could have been lenient and moved on , because after all it 's simply a kid reciting hamlet . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  how can you actually defend this kind of behaviour ? 
   the empirical dismissals of clash of civilizations i 've seen look at historical time stamps much larger than the post cold war period . 
  i do n't really understand what your point is here , tbh . 
  maybe you can elaborate . 
   however , i personally do n't find the theory very instructive on the international level , because various factors play a role here . 
  but the `` theory '' ( i 'll rather call them assumptions , which so far could n't be proven empirically ) has been aimed at the international level . 
  it 's a clash of civilizations after all . 
  but anyways , even the beginning of the whole thing is quite useless , as he ca n't manage to define the term civilization in a consequent way . 
  and besides , the use of his theory on a national level has also shown quite a few times , that his assumptions are wrong . 
  i 've read a nice essay about the assimilation of hispanics into american `` culture '' , who are often way more patriotic , than americans themselves . 
   proximity , for example , increases the chances of conflict considerably . 
  yes of course it [ does ] ( http://people.cas.sc.edu/starr/starr%20isr.pdf ) . 
  i personally find the [ loss of strength gradient ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loss_of_strength_gradient ) quite convincing . 
  but it 's only a minor factor . 
  you should factor in economical considerations , ethnic/social cleavages , etc. 
  they all are important factors for the onset of conflict ( intra-state aswell as internationally ) . 
  the russian wars along the border of the rf are quite telling . 
   interactions across the world are increasing , which intensify civilization consciousness and the awareness of differences between civilizations and commonalities within civilizations . 
  you see , this whole passage is simply inaccurate . 
  what the hell is civilization consciousness ? 
  we ca n't even decide for ourselves here on r/europe whether we belong to the `` western world '' to a `` secular world '' to eastern europe , is estonia baltic or nordic , etc ? 
  asking the people about the values of the eu will grant you quite often zero answers . 
  although those values can be described as traditional european values based on our secular worldview . 
  anyway , considering `` culture '' i am an absolute constructivist . 
  we can emphasize our differences and we will get the results . 
  or we can try to find a way to integrate people into our culture . 
  look , i do n't give a damn about the arab world . 
  it is going to take decades until they become democratic ( maybe ) . 
  the chinese leadership has told for a few decades now that chinese simply can not live in a democracy . 
  you call it `` cultural relativism '' . 
  i call it `` cultural laissez-faire '' . 
  if the arab world and the chinese decide , that they want to live that way , then they can do whatever they want . 
  who am i to tell them , that our european way is the way to go ? 
  and do n't kid yourself , by now it became quite evident , that there 's no `` western '' culture .
