   the eu only needs to do two things to become popular oh look , yet again a guy telling me that the eu only has to do the following and all will be fine . 
   it is not interested in the former and unable to do the latter due to basic economic realities . 
  such deep analysis of complex matters , i am impressed , son . 
   that is why people dislike the eu : it created those problems and is unwilling and unable to solve them sure , more of the same . 
  generalisation after generalisation . 
  this is why `` the people '' do n't like the eu . 
  guess you must be some kind of prophet knowing what the european people think . 
   germans may wish to adopt a eu identity due to woii guilt `` germans '' . 
  yep , all of them , or is it the most , a few , many ? 
  we must be all the same to you . 
   but most citizens of other countries do not . 
  ok , now we 're at most . 
  i guess you asked them all . 
   the federalisation project is therefore doomed to failure . 
  in your opinion . 
  so to sum it up . 
  just like every other guy who is anti-eu ( i am assuming you are ) you try to start a debate by throwing opinions around and generalising to the max . 
  everything is black and white and all problems can be solved by a few `` simple measures '' . 
  obviously in your mind all the bullshit you wrote is a good incentive for me to start a debate with you . 
  i 'd rather like to start a meta discussion . 
  why do you think that anything you said is actually inviting anybody to a debate ? 
  it is completely one-sided . 
  there is no nuance and it shows a clear lack of your ability to differentiate issues . 
  when reading what you wrote i feel like talking to justin bieber fan who 's telling me that bieber is the greatest musician of all time , because he makes the best music and sells a lot of albums . 
  for me it 's like : i could argue with you about that , but i 'd rather not , because who the fuck has the time and motivation to argue with fanatics ? 
   a country thats been to the moon haha , prove it !, 
  that thing never happened !, 
  now stop sending us your stupid chemtrail planes you soros shill !, 
  i obviously spend too much time on the internet :-), 
  that 's ok , the netherlands did n't intergrate into euro 2016 as well . 
  we survived :-) sorry , that one is too hard to pass . 
  but to say something on topic : i guess we would have to wait what is going to happen , if we actually see some kind of 2-speed-eu . 
  in my opinion a lot of `` hate '' for the european project was caused by the expansion which led to a perceived inefficiency and other problems since then . 
  i think , that , if the core group could manage to show that it can work on pressing matters in an efficient way and that it could invigorate the european idea again without all the bickering between partners , that then the rampant euroscepticism would also become less . 
  i am talking about the next 40-50 years . 
  but it 's just an opinion . 
  your opinion is as valid as mine . 
  we will have to wait and see how this project is going to develop . 
  i mean everything is possible . 
  the netherlands could even qualify for the worldcup , you never know :-) i am ready to accept downvotes for the bad jokes about the dutch team . 
  i just could n't resist . 
  i am from germany after all :-), 
   ( assuming they are , that is ) most of the time they are not . 
  for instance you can not adopt kids . 
  therefore people living in same-sex relationships did n't have the possibility to start a family . 
  that 's the main objection regarding this issue in most countries ( germany as well for matter of fact ) . 
   marriage is the legal basis for starting a family . 
  hehe , i guess i was an illegal kid then , because my parents were n't married . 
  but anyway , this is a strange view to propagate . 
  is marriage a licence to breed in your opinion or what ? 
  people who do n't marry but become parents must be some strange anomaly then . 
  that 's sweden . 
  we 're talking about finland here . 
  finland is the country russia fears most . 
  you 're still here and your opinion still does n't matter . 
  must be the story of your life . 
  reddxit could be a solution . 
  r/europe mimicking real life , so gud . 
  let me cite a different comment of yours a few lines below :  none of that makes any sense . 
  none of it is true . 
  seems to me like :  fingers in ears , la la la , not listening . 
  and yeah , i am ignoring your main point , because i choose to do so . 
  why the hell am i supposed to get into a useless internet argument with a crazy brit ? 
  it 's a waste of time . 
  ignoring your futile attempts at reasoning is more enjoyable . 
   what part do n't you understand ? 
  yeah that 's what i 'm wondering , too . 
  what part of hush , hush , go away quietly , you do n't have a vote on this one , did n't you understand ? 
  instead you 're throwing more opinions at me , like they would matter in any part of the world , or like i 'm supposed to feel some kind of obligation to take them into account . 
  ridiculous . 
  yeah , that 's kinda your opinion , but thanks for sharing it anyways . 
  cheers . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it will depend on the elections in france and germany . 
  the actual government ( merkel ) started to push the `` eu of 2 speeds '' doctrine lately . 
  so this would mean scenario 3 . 
  on the other hand , if we get a schulz/macron duo it could very well mean a lesser form of scenario 5 , or at least the beginning of it . 
  but , to be honest , i actually think that scenario 3 is the more realistic one . 
  getting the visegrad states on board will be a pain in the ass . 
  therefore i would understand if people decide to leave them alone and to continue the integration without them . 
  sorry dude , but i 'm afraid that as a brexiteer you 're not having a vote on this one ... 
  so please : hush , hush , go away quietly . 
  wow , that took you really long , was it that hard to just write what you actually mean for once ? 
  8 comments for `` vichy regime '' . 
  such a waste of time and space . 
  it 's like fuckin kindergarten . 
  are we supposed to read your thoughts now here on reddit , or what the fuck was this whole conversation about ? 
  because , to be honest , even after 8 comments , i am not able to actually get what you wanted to imply . 
  it 's such a stupid way to communicate with others . 
  is this stupid guessing game about being able to deny everyting later on , or what is it actually good for ? 
  i just do n't get it ... 
  ah come on , it 's only 2 downvotes . 
  i upvoted you back to 0 :-) i guess you came here with the wave of donald supporters , who were really butthurt yesterday and you somehow got downvoted with the rest of them . 
  but to be honest , this thread went completely haywire , when the people in the us started to wake up . 
  it was kinda hillarious . 
  you can sort the comments by new and you can see what i 'm talking about . 
  anyways btt : you are assuming that germany is some kind of uniform country that can be described in a few words . 
  germany is as friendly and peaceful as any other european country . 
  it depends on the situation and the issues . 
  two days ago we had a few articles about the numbers of attacks on refugees and refugee shelters here in germany . 
  you would n't call us peaceful and friendly after that .
