  last time i heard about him he tried to keep a low profile , because of the death of `` motorola '' ( the other internet hero ) . 
  it was pretty obvious that somehow the important guys got killed one after the other . 
  he got killed in the `` middle of donetsk '' . 
  i am kinda skeptical right now that the ukrainians could pull it off . 
  ( https://www.22places.de/reisefuehrer-berlin/ ) . 
   fighting for freedom of speech from your basement ? 
  such a hero . 
  yeah , i read that one too . 
  shit 's hillarious . 
  it 's sad , but also funny , but also sad ... it 's confusing . 
  it 's not !, 
  it 's alternative facts !, 
  you have to keep up with the memes , you are losing your edge :-), 
  i was n't assuming that . 
  i did n't even realize that you 're american . 
  i just find the story that free speech and freedom of thought are getting stifled in my part of the world very tiring by now . 
  i see it often used by people who are about to undo a lot of good work done by people who actually had the good of the people in mind . 
   but since i do n't live in europe it 's hard to get a very good picture of what 's going on . 
  i get that and i am pretty sure that there is no solution for that . 
  i live in germany and i do n't know what 's going on in the us . 
  i read the news and still watch colbert ( mainly because john stewart appears there from time to time ) . 
  but i reckon that this causes me to have a pretty skewed view of the things that are happening there . 
  i would never insinuate that the us are becoming a fascist banana republic . 
  judging the state of the country you live in is a privilege of the citizens of said state , in my opinion . 
  they ideally should know best , because they live there :-) i have an opinion and a certain picture of the things happening there , but i am sure that it is not representative of the actual reality at all . 
  ha ! , that 's actually the reason why i always try to spend at least 3 weeks in the us when i 'm there . 
  the first week is every time a gigantic cultural shock . 
  then there 's your answer . 
  this is an investigation conducted by a german agency concerning a german case . 
  i do n't know what is going on in the netherlands . 
  translation : the sz quoted from the report that , above all , `` the use of persons or organizational structures which formally do n't belong to the secret services for de facto secret service activities is concerning . '', 
  the incalculability of the actors in russia `` does not allow a concrete prognosis for further development in germany . 
  therefore using this investigation as grounds for dismissal of anything that has been said so far concerning this issue is quite premature . 
  the bnd is sitll concerned about activities with a secret service character conducted by informal actors which are aimed at influencing public perception . 
  for me the whole thing points out that the issue is very complex and that we are just at the beginning of finding out how to handle it . 
  stating that there is no problem at all and that we are fucking hysterical about it is as wrong as stating that russia is responsible for every social problem we have right now in the eu . 
   so why do i keep reading about this campaign by russian hackers to influence politics in europe ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why do you ? 
   however , the chancellor 's office ordered to continue the investigation . 
  for the report of the special evaluation group `` sputnik '' of the bfv and the work group `` psychological operations '' of the bnd , which is subdivided into 13 chapters , is also not an acquittal from the government 's point of view . 
  it analyzes russia 's `` more confrontational course '' against germany since 2014 and calls the reporting of russian media and their german offshoots such as rt deutsch or sputnik news `` hostile '' . 
   the german secret services see the responsibility for such attempts to influence public perception directly within the kremlin 's presidential administration . 
  i 'm gon na include a google translated version here : german intelligence agencies have not found any clear evidence for a russian disinformation campaign against the federal government , but they do not give an all-clear . 
  according to information from s\u00fcddeutscher zeitung , ndr and wdr , this is the result of almost one year 's investigation by the bundesnachrichtendienst ( bnd ) and the federal office for constitutional protection ( bfv ) . 
  original deliberations , to publish the results of the investigation , which are classified , were not followed . 
  `` we have not found a smoking gun , '' the government said , trying to find a striking evidence of russia 's political interference . 
  such a document would have been presented by the government to warn russia about this type of action . 
  `` we would have liked to draw the yellow card , '' says a security expert . 
  however , given the lack of evidence , it would not make sense to publish the 50-page intelligence paper . 
  this would have put a further strain on the already tense relationship with russia . 
  however , the chancellor 's office ordered to continue the investigation . 
  for the report of the special evaluation group `` sputnik '' of the bfv and the work group `` psychological operations '' of the bnd , which is subdivided into 13 chapters , is also not an acquittal from the government 's point of view . 
  it analyzes russia 's `` more confrontational course '' against germany since 2014 and calls the reporting of russian media and their german offshoots such as rt deutsch or sputnik news `` hostile '' . 
  `` case lisa '' : rape by `` s\u00fcdl\u00e4nder '' ( people from the south ) turned out to be invented the german secret services see the responsibility for such attempts to influence public perception directly within the kremlin 's presidential administration . 
  it is difficult , however , to draw the line between exaggerated and false reporting and disinformation , according to the report . 
  state treatment of this phenomenon represents a `` new challenge '' and must be further investigated . 
  the background is the concern that russia , as is said to be happening in the us , could intervene in the elections , for example by publishing secret documents captured by hacker attacks or by helping right-wing populist parties . 
  with france and the netherlands , where elections are also pending , the german intelligence services now agreed to cooperate closely . 
  the investigation was commissioned by chancellor angela merkel after `` case lisa '' . 
  russian media and politicians had caused a stir after the alleged rape of a 13-year-old russian-german by `` s\u00fcdl\u00e4nder '' , causing demonstrations , in front of the chancellor 's office . 
  later it turned out that the girl had invented the story . 
  it was initially assumed that russian government agencies or intelligence services orchestrated protests . 
  but this could not be proven `` in any of the cases , '' the report says . 
  ... this is so tiresome . 
  i guess it 's part of the strategy , but whatever . 
  in germany , where i live , there is a lot of debate on merkel 's `` open-door policy '' . 
  nothing gets swept under an imaginary rug . 
  news do n't get censored by a ministry of truth . 
  merkel is not satan . 
  life is still very nice and also very safe . 
   i was referring to what appeared to be that 's what i like most about this issue . 
  it `` appeared '' to be . 
  to whom ? 
  and why should i care ? 
  in my perception everything is absolutely fine . 
  there is a wide range of classic newspapers which are covering the issue from every angle . 
  and they are doing it in a civil manner being fully aware of the fact , that they have a responsibility for the information they are conveying . 
  i like that . 
  i live in a country with a stable society and i would like to keep it that way . 
  i do n't want to live in a polarized society where we all fight along some ideological fault lines . 
  i said it in an other comment , but i will say it here again : i can see what happens when people start fighting along those lines . 
  there are still a lot of bullet holes in the walls here in berlin . 
  i can also visit our national museum to get a nice reminder of the times when people were so divided that they started killing each other on the streets . 
  as a conclusion : we have civil debates here . 
  issues of this magnitude are very complex and ca n't be debated by throwing around a few statistics and then saying that a is clearly the cause of b. 
  politics are not simple . 
  there are no simple solutions . 
  we live in a very interdependent world . 
  the fact that a few million refugees brought us to the point where we are now is ridiculous . 
  we are ready to vote for demagogues promising us that they can solve our problems by destroying everything we reached so far . 
  we are ready to destroy the work of politicians like schmidt , adenauer , miterrand , schuman , de gaule , etc. 
  because of a `` refugee crisis '' . 
  a lot of people before me worked very hard to get europe to where it is now . 
  i wo n't stand by and watch idiots shouting `` free speech '' undo it . 
   i might be wrong , but in my experience only people who are triggered post stuff like above . 
  i guess you 're triggered . 
  anyways , i hate this `` triggered '' bullshit . 
  it pulls down any discussion to a level of stupidity that ai n't worth any further input . 
  the guy you answered in my view is n't `` triggered '' at all .
