  the us government can \u00b4 t be involved . 
  so please , don \u00b4 t pretend , that this new `` law '' is `` simple as that '' and not specifically passed in order to close down the university or at least to pressure it into falling back in line ... like the good old times . 
   massive protesting has to do when people 's collective rights are being threatened or over a poor government 's decision on a matter that affects the people as a whole . 
  specific groups , which can be quite big , can protest aswell . 
  you know , when workers are protesting that their factory gets closed . 
  it can be 10k workers shutting down streets etc. 
  in order to show that they do n't agree . 
  here it 's mostly young people and students , who obviously feel the need to protest a specific government decision . 
  i guess many old people and workers do n't really care and that 's ok . 
  but it does n't make the protest less legitimate . 
  and orb\u00e1n is blaming soros for pretty much everything . 
  it obviously sticks , because everybody here is regurgitating the point ad nauseam . 
  may i point out , that it 's often the same people , who are crying about if `` it 's not my decision , then it 's not democracy '' for example , when speaking about the brexit referendum . 
  we have the same scenario here . 
  obviously people do n't like the cause of the protest and insinuate , that it must be staged , or inflated by the media . 
  which is annoying . 
  that 's why we ca n't have nice things . 
   but the reason countries adopt these type of legislation is due to protectionist and fiscal reasons . 
  yeah , why not , but then adopt legislation for all of them . 
  rule of law , etc. 
  this law is adopted for one entity specifically . 
   anyway , people protesting this are n't doing it from a libertarian perspective oh great , you know why they 're doing it . 
  i guess you can read minds . 
  try reading mine ... ;-)  does this make you at least ponder the issue here is n't exactly the university operating ? 
  oh but it is , obviously . 
  it is exactly the issue . 
  the hungarian government adopted legislation concerning exactly the ceu . 
  so how ca n't it be the issue ? 
  the issue for me is , that there was no objective reason to do so . 
  your points ( protectionism , fiscal reasons , etc ) do n't really apply in this case . 
  at least the orb\u00e1n government does n't have any reasons to object such behaviour in other areas . 
  so the issue for me is , that the rule of law is ignored in this case . 
  either adopt legislation in a consistent manner and which applies to every entity equally , or stop pretending , that it 's not about the ceu . 
  when it clearly is . 
  it 's legislation taylored strictly against the ceu . 
  that 's the point . 
  or maybe orb\u00e1n could simply let the university operate like it was before . 
  what are the reasons against doing so ? 
  i mean , objective reasons . 
  did the university damage hungary , the hungarian nation , or whatever , in such an objective way , that there was the need for a specially taylored law ? 
  you need legislation to adress `` problems '' and to at least mitigate them , or at the best to solve them . 
  was the ceu a problem ? 
  still not interested ... nope . 
  keep looking for a circlejerk elsewhere please . 
  sorry dude , i have no interest in `` debating '' with you ... keep moving on . 
  oh great , t_d showed up guys !, 
  so , you must be doing something right , when even trump supporters feel compelled to comment on hungarian protests ... 
  uuuuuuuuuh , nice picture . 
  should be the header :-) i like the lighting and all ... 
  o yay , t_d is leaking again ... . 
   but even the center-right ( cdu/csu ) is very much underrepresented in the public discourse . 
  what do you actually mean by that ? 
  merkel got her own hour on zdf or ard , i do n't remember anymore , to tell everybody why she was running for a 4th term . 
  underrepresented in which terms ? 
  articles in newspapers , minutes on air , tv , or radio ? 
   i get these things mixed up . 
  you mean you * lie * frequently ? 
  what 's up with poland ? 
  i would n't have expected anything like it , considering how catholic they are . 
  i do n't want to start a circlejerk or something . 
  it 's a genuine question . 
  are there any good socio-economic studies on the issue ? 
  and is there data on the percentage of the `` type '' of family ? 
  i mean , is it known whether it 's a single mother/father household ? 
  there 's only one final answer to this age-old question . 
  we let hungary exit the eu as quickly as possible and keep them `` outside '' for the next let 's say ... 35 years and then we simply watch what happens . 
  we then compare the data with the time , when they were `` inside '' and see which is better . 
  there we go : solution !, 
  oh great , i have a stalker now . 
  anyway , it 's more profound than your understanding of the world . 
  and to be honest i 'm simply surprised about the amount of bigotry going around here . 
  a few days ago people were crying about the fact that we did n't mourn with the russians . 
  but if it 's sweden , then they deserve it , right ? 
  you people are inhumane bigots . 
  so much for our rich enlightened western culture . 
  no , i actually did n't . 
  i did n't realize that he is riding the same retarded it 's about culture islam is bad hurrdurr train . 
  and why the fuck are japanese bigots now ? 
   a very uncomfortable truth oh god this shit again . 
  stop annoying me with your retarded bullshit . 
  just stop . 
  i know that it 's hard for you to understand that the world is not black and white . 
  therefore i do n't bother to explain it to you . 
  you could use your rich culture and also just stop bothering me with your mental diarrhea . 
  my `` nation '' . 
  ok then . 
  my `` nation '' wo n't use chemical warfare and i do n't give a fuck about trump 's foreign policies . 
  go away , i 'm not interested in a circlejerk . 
  move on . 
  jerk someone else . 
  thank you . 
  i see you 're familiar with 4chan and t_d . 
  your `` skills '' are more useful there . 
  i seriously do n't know what you 're * implying * . 
  fuckin write what you want to say and stop pussyfooting around like a 2 year old . 
  yeah , i was n't denying that , was i ? 
  am i supposed to read your cultural thoughts again , or what the hell ? 
  please spare me your `` cultural '' views again , i am still not interested . 
  thank you . 
  go annoy somebody else .
