  sure buddy ... but i 'll try to be a little more than your `` likely '' let 's read the report together shall we ?!, 
  so to sum it up for you . 
  the likely cause for radicalisation is the conflict in syria . 
  at least for the majority of the suspects . 
  the 2nd most likely cause can be found in the events of 9/11 and the following conflicts . 
  the ways to radicalize people is the internet , friends and better propaganda . 
  also mosques and certain clubs . 
  the immigrant influx , yes i am absolutely sure , has nothing to do with islamistic extremism in germany . 
  the radicals have been caused by the conflicts between the west and the is and the following `` organisations '' . 
   what is your argument again ? 
  kindly clarify . 
  my argument is that you are too fuckin lazy to search for the source yourself , to read it and to educate yourself . 
  instead you choose to spread bullshit around like it 's on sale somewhere near your place . 
   so many could actually be immigrants or failed asylum seekers who are going there . 
  oh please , inform yourself . 
  it is n't that hard , like really , like once in your lifetime . 
  61 % were born in germany . 
  5 % were born in syria . 
  sooooo ... * many * ... could be immigrants blabla , yadayada , same shit different day . 
  read the report . 
  it 's interesting . 
  stop spreading your bullshit . 
  at least today . 
  please . 
   thy ask us to supply photos of us together , skype logs , etc. 
  to prove our relationship !, 
  next time just try to include some amateur porn for more credibility . 
  sorry , this shit actually made me lol a little . 
  i believe you , but it sounds creepy and hillarious at the same time . 
   just stop watching controversial media xaxaxaxaxa , that must be one of the most hillarious things i 've read on here in a while . 
  do n't watch `` controversial '' media . 
  watch the non-controversial one . 
  you feel better then . 
  everything will be fine . 
  this guy is funny . 
  guys !, 
  come here , take a look !, 
  this guy is funny , like a clown !, 
   university for normal students is just about signaling what you have learned and what you can do . 
  this is a very undifferentiated view . 
  every branch has different characteristics and prerequisites . 
  throwing engineers , physicists , chemists and people from economics , psychology and medicine together is really not smart . 
  students have different backgrounds and interests and pursue different careers . 
  claiming that studying is about some kind of `` signaling '' , whatever this is supposed to mean , is narrowminded at best . 
   assuming it is something like a bachelor degree it makes perfect sense . 
  i do n't know for which degree he is trying to write the thesis . 
  i assume that it is an academic degree . 
  a bachelor 's degree is not going to grant you any scientific career in germany . 
  but besides that , i would have expected somebody who wants to write a thesis for any kind of academic degree , to be able to deduce himself that official statistics offices are not going to publish data on something that did n't happened yet . 
  and even after a real brexit it will take some time untill the first statistical data is going to be published . 
  it depends on the frequency . 
  unemployment data is often published on a monthly basis . 
  gdp data sometimes quarterly or annualy . 
  trade data , like trade ballance for example , annualy . 
  and so on . 
  let 's assume further : so you will have to wait at least a year until you get your first complete set of statistical data . 
  but this data is not going to include any effects of policies applied to counteract the effects . 
  like tariffs or stronger trade with the us . 
  so you should wait a few more years to be able to take into account those changes . 
  after 10 years you should be able to have enough data to actually be able to make an informed statement about the effects of brexit on a macroeconomical level . 
  till then it 's guesswork . 
  i can find you right now 10 experts saying that brexit will have no effects , 10 more who will tell you that it will destroy the eu and uk and 10 who will say that it will be the best thing for the uk ever . 
  10 is an arbitrary number here . 
  but yeah , we have enough experts working as fortune tellers right now . 
  the effects of brexit depend on so many factors that it is nearly impossible to make any good predictions ... which brings me to the next point . 
  for any kind of scientific degree i find the question way too broad . 
  the author should rather concentrate on certain fields . 
  it would be a better question to ask about assumed effects on the financial sector , or maybe manufacturing chains . 
  for example rolls royce is manufacturing turbines for helicopters and airplanes . 
  they have plants all over europe . 
  their supply chains are quite complex . 
  asking about the effects for manufacturers that operate internationally would be a better question that can be answered in a scientific matter . 
  another weak point in the question proposed is that he is asking about effects for the uk and europe . 
  narrowing down the field would be wiser . 
  not every european country will be affected by a brexit in the same way . 
  he could narrow it down to the top 3 or 5 of the trading partners of the uk . 
  that would make the question more credible . 
   of course it is speculative , but again if he is looking for a career in this area a good thesis will increase his opporunities to get hired . 
  showing you can do something that these firms demand every day makes it very desirable . 
  the career opportunities in the scientific field in germany do n't depend on your bachelor 's degree . 
  you will have to reach your master at least before you are going to be able to find a professor who will think about hiring you as an assistant or something . 
  and even then you will have to first work as a teacher at your department and then some time later you will be able to think about your phd , etc. 
  all while trying to get your next annual contract . 
  the career paths in the scientific field are shitty at best , but i wish everybody good luck if they really think about it in germany . 
  also , consulting firms , you mention them quite often , are going to be interested in effects i mentioned before . 
  they will research effects on manufacturing chains , tariffs , financial sector ( investment banking , real estate , etc. ) . 
  they do n't care for the macroeconomical effects . 
  their clients are affected by changes in different ways . 
  export oriented businesses behave differently compared to import oriented businesses for example . 
  the macroeconomic indicators mean different things for them . 
  therefore telling them something about the effects for the whole uk is not going to be interesting . 
  they need specific answers for specific questions . 
  so anyway , i really did n't want to have this kind of discussion . 
  but your generalistic and undifferentiated statements somehow triggered me . 
  i wish the op best of luck , i guess he knows what he 's doing . 
  and i also do n't really care tbh . 
  it 's his thesis . 
  he can do whatever he wants for what it 's worth . 
   if you want university to be in any kind useful for employment this is a go to topic . 
  oh sorry , i did n't realize that universities are one-trick-ponies which are only `` useful '' for employment ( ?
