  they had their referendum on the premise that the uk would stay in the eu , now the uk decided to leave and to decide for everybody involved , what 's best for them . 
  all the while those asshats ran around yelling `` take the power back ! '', 
  how should people in scotland feel about it ? 
  people were telling you millions of reasons why it would be beneficial to stay in the eu . 
  51 % decided that they do n't care , that the reasons to leave were more compelling . 
  they told you , that the economy would suffer , but you people decided to ignore the experts and pretend , that all will be fine . 
  they showed you exact numbers , good arguments , you people did n't give a shit . 
  and now , the scots are supposed to listen to you ? 
  on which premise ? 
  you showed them how this shit has to go and you lost your street credibility on the way . 
  you are in no position to give them any advice . 
  but : i simply do n't like any of it . 
  the brexit will have consequences none of us can foresee . 
  a scottish referendum and possible declaration of independence will have additional effects and the uncertainty in our world is going to grow . 
  all because you people could n't be arsed to listen to arguments . 
  all of you !, 
  your democratic society is going down the shitter , too . 
  you know why ? 
  because you let the political class and the press lie to you . 
  nobody is able to trust anybody anymore . 
  and now you want the scots to trust you ? 
  how is this supposed to happen ? 
  after all the lies ? 
  the most notorious example is the stupid bus . 
  you know why ? 
  because the people behind it admitted , that it was hyperbole , but you people ca n't be arsed to care about it at all . 
  you ca n't be arsed to hold them accountable . 
  you ca n't be arsed to fuckin fight for your most basic democratic rights !, 
  you are lied to , your biggest news outlets lie to you , too and your civic rights to the most basic forms of privacy get dismantled . 
  and you people do n't do shit about it . 
  you just sit there idly and watch the world around you come undone . 
  and now that the scots decide to leave you , you try to convince them to stay , after all those lies ? 
  there is no trust left at all . 
  zero trust . 
  if there was ever an ounce of trust in the political class and the media as a controlling actor , after brexit it 's all gone . 
  and this my friend is the most tragic thing about this whole ordeal . 
  you people , you let all of it happen . 
  you watched how all the trust , that is actually needed to have some kind of decent society , you watched how it all got destroyed . 
  and you keep on destroying it . 
  you let yourself being divided . 
  the brexiteers are now telling everybody to accept the vote , to get over it and that nobody cares about `` the bus '' . 
  the fuckin truth is , that the bus is the perfect symbol for how truth and trust got murdered only for one thing : so that some of your political elites could achieve their goals . 
  and one last thing . 
  this whole scottish independence thing ... 
  i hope the referendum will turn out as a `` no '' . 
  i hope the scots will vote to stay . 
  you know why ? 
  how many times have you read in your history books something about `` independence '' and `` war '' ? 
  does that ring a bell ? 
  the instances , where independence has been achieved without any kind of conflict are very rare . 
  the brexit is going to work , because the eu is going to accept it . 
  if two entities decide to go different ways , both entities need to agree to it , if you want it to be peaceful . 
  if britain is not going to accept the referendum , it will mean war . 
  not the open one , hopefully , but the terrorizing one , with bombs and dead civilians . 
  scotland has a history of conflict with england . 
  they will be able to draw upon those old tales of national identity . 
  they will be able to get a few hundred people , who will decide to do something about it . 
  and the irish will get a bunch of new ideas . 
  and we will have a new conflict in europe . 
  you people , you are sitting on a bunch of nice conflicts there . 
  and you still think , that you can keep halfassing your way through it somehow . 
  you , who are keep telling us in the eu , that this whole thing is going to fail , because we ca n't get things done , etc. 
  you , do n't realise , that you in fact have the same problems . 
  that your union is at a crucial point right now and that it 's up to you , the people , to get your asses up and to do something about it . 
  to become involved in politics , to become involved in society ( even if thatcher told you , that there is no such thing ) , to simply become involved and to hold your representatives accountable . 
  to have an open debate about the role of the media . 
  about how it is n't checking politics anymore . 
  about how you people ca n't trust anybody anymore . 
  after that , you will have gained enough credibility again , to tell the scots , what to do . 
  when the uk leaves the eu : fuck the economy , all those experts do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  look at all the news saying that nothing will happen . 
  the uk will get the best deals anyway , lol haters !, 
  when scotland leaves the uk : look at your fuckin ' economy mates !, 
  you wo n't survive a week . 
  experts ( me ) agree , that you will be broke !, 
  we can play this game for ever . 
  this whole scenario is brexit again only this time the roles are reversed . 
  making any argument for the one side is as vaild as a year ago for the other side . 
  it will boil down to the referendum in the end . 
  just like in the uk . 
  i am not supporting any side , the whole thing will bring a lot of uncertainty . 
  but watching brits arguing for the scots to stay using the same arguments the eu and remain people made a year ago is pure comedy . 
  even more so , when considering , that you now actually think that economic arguments should be taken seriously , although a year ago any bad scenario was `` nah , those experts do n't know shit '' . 
  i 've seen plenty of leave voters arguing for soft remain and more welfare , unfortunately they often seem to get drowned out by radicals . 
  i have also seen a lot of people in my life . 
  a lot !, 
  i tell you , really many !, 
  i have seen them !, 
  they were arguing a lot . 
  they were !, 
  for pretty much everything !, 
  some of them said things like : the vote is over , deal with it !, 
  so , i guess , when the vote is over , the side that loses is obviously fucked . 
  that 's how it works nowadays according to the internet . 
  i have seen the internet !, 
  it 's yuge !, 
   fundamentally , whatever she says is n't really important . 
  that 's funny , a good way to win scotland over . 
  tell them , that whatever their political leader says , is * fundamentally * unimportant . 
  `` the uk needs to leave , it has no say in the eu , take the power back , hurrdurr !,
