  yes , i agree . 
  that 's what i meant in one of my other comments , when i said that i * feel * that he is bringing his american views into the debate , which themselves skew the issue a lot . 
  he has a way to use words which themselves do n't leave much space for a middle-ground . 
  you may call it hyperbole in certain cases . 
  what makes him more appealing , than the rest of the ususal suspects comming from that `` side '' is , that he at least is now and then trying to moderate himself and to paint a more complete picture , than breitbart would do , for example . 
  but nevertheless , when watching him i often have the * feeling * that he 's arguing like an american on reddit . 
  which is not inherently wrong , but it certainly is influencing the amount of credibility i am willing to attribute to him . 
  talking about dishonesty ... 
  nevertheless , there is some merit in getting a different view alltogether . 
  but eventually , it is a regional and maybe cultural issue , therefore i think , that the only people who can actually have a say in this whole mess are swedes themselves . 
  i find it a little intrusing from the american side to impose their political views and moral compass on the swedish side . 
  that 's why i would n't call that guy unbiased or objective . 
  he ultimately is n't . 
   again , you use personal attacks to shift the discussion in the way you want it to go . 
  why do n't you just go ahead and lecture me about what i 'm thinking , what country i 'm living in and what should we do there we go , you 're projecting again . 
  this is not leading anywhere with you . 
  nah , sorry , i was really just shitposting for the last one and a half days . 
  i gave up a long time ago , you remember ? 
  so i decided to toy around with this conversation and to waste some time for the lulz . 
   like all those healthy young man who were throwing rocks at our trains and the workers , but did n't stay around in their war ridden country to fight for it ? 
  yes exactly . 
  you 're defending the others , why not defending these , too ? 
  double standards , hypocrisy ? 
  no , no ...  this has been there for decades now and nobody in germany obviously had the idea to take it away . 
  this , according to your deduction , confirms germany is still friends with russia . 
  yes exactly , germany is still friends with russia . 
  that 's not the point we are debating . 
  we are debating whether it was an attack or a failed coup . 
  but nice deflecting ... again . 
  ;-) you did n't however manage to provide evidence for * your * lie about alleged `` attacks '' . 
  you , again , simply tried to deflect . 
   they get the most in germany nice assumption . 
  good try . 
   we were protesting an internet tax , which could have set a bad precedent , and an easy way for our government to limit free speech , by raising taxes how democratic of you . 
  but you decided not to protest , when the government decided to raise taxes on certain media outlets , who did n't adhere to the official line and to simply buy the rest . 
  i guess `` free speech '' is a rather vague concept for you . 
  i 'll admit that this is an assumption . 
  in your case a justified one nevertheless ;-), 
  well , i guess , that this video series will cause some controversies . 
  all in all there are some points i would criticize but i also have to admit that he is raising some very valid points . 
  overall , the one thing , which irks me more than anything else , is , that he is approaching the whole issue with an american way to see certain things . 
  it 's a very subjective thing , but while watching his videos there are parts in it , when i simply * feel * , that he has it wrong and comes to skewed conclusions , caused by his american `` bias '' . 
  but like i said , it 's my personal perception . 
  one point for example is his short ramble about no-go-zones . 
  it 's not about semantics . 
  although he very strongy tries to make a point , that it 's purely an argument about words . 
  but i rather think , that it 's about creating a false image . 
  like he said himslef , those areas are high-crime problem areas . 
  many cities have them and there should n't be a problem calling them problem areas , because that 's what they are . 
  what they are not is `` no-go-zones '' . 
  it 's simply dishonest ... which brings us to his main point . 
  he has to see it from both sides . 
  it 's not only the media that has to be seen ciritcally . 
  he 's doing the same thing . 
  he is being dishonest due to his own views . 
  implying that calling problem areas no-go-zones is something , that is not going to make me trust his conclusions . 
  the `` left '' has to be won over with truthful arguments as well as the `` right '' . 
  just like the `` right '' is complaining about the self-censoring of the swedish media , the `` left '' has a point when complaining , that many things get blown out of proportion in order to push an agenda . 
  which is the point , where he is eventually right . 
  we need to get all the sides to the table . 
  and the swedish society just like the german , or the french society seriously needs an open debate about these issues . 
  but the debate has to be conducted within a frame , that all sides can agree to . 
  we all need to take into account the other side . 
  i would call me `` left-leaning '' . 
  and i would n't consider anything he said blatantly wrong . 
  i think that sweden has problems which are very comparable to german problems and which can be tied to the immigrants-refugee-issue . 
  but just like i am ready to admit , that we have those obvious problems and that we need to work on them and sometimes we need to do things which are rather inhumane by modern humanitarian standars , just like that `` the other side '' has to meet me in the middle and see , that enforcing pure law and order regimes and losing our own moral compass and values in the process is nothing good . 
  in my eyes , we all need to meet in the middle , because we all need to work on it together . 
  also , what the hell is with all the downvoting down below again ? 
  here 's a chance for discussion . 
  but all i see is people who get downvoted by -15 ... -20 . 
  that 's at least a dozen people who could have rather tried to make a point , than just clicking around . 
   of the 1956 hungarian revolution . 
  what revolution ? 
  romania had a revolution . 
  it managed to change the regime . 
  you had a failed coup of people who were obviously enemies of the hungarian state . 
  therefore they had to flee the country , when they realised , that they did n't have a chance after the soviets arrived to defend your country . 
   you seem to be more comfortable with assumptions deductions . 
  there 's a difference . 
  i take the things happening outside my four walls and deduce , that you 're lying . 
  you are the one making assumptions all the time . 
  you assume for example that refugees like staying in germany and you assume , that they receive huge amounts of money . 
  oh , the smell of hypocrisy in the morning . 
  you really like projecting much , do n't you ? 
   not to unveil , that has been there for quite some time . 
  so it 's even better then , is n't it ? 
  there has been a statue for decades now and nobody in hungary obviously had the idea to take it away . 
  which would be the logical thing , if it would commemorate some kind of `` attack '' you are insinuating about . 
  instead the leaders of both countries meet in front of this statue and commemorate their long and fruitful tradition of cooperation . 
  you were protesting some internet tax . 
  but you do n't protest against the statue and the meeting . 
  i therefore deduce , that you , again , make things up and are lying , citing history . 
  as far as i can see , history and actual events prove , that there were no attacks and that it was in fact a failed coup . 
  and not only that . 
  all those people fleeing the country did it in a most irresponsible manner . 
  instead of staying there and keep fighting they decided to run away . 
  it only shows , that they did n't have any support in hungary . 
  which in turn proves again , that it was merely a failed coup and that the soviets did you a favour by helping your young nation out . 
   no , i am not lying , i 'm citing history for you , which you choose to ignore .
