  sign me up !, 
  i 'd really love to live in that universe . 
  i would n't even wan na be captain of something . 
  maybe a science officer . 
  and i 'd have a ranch , somewhere in montana ... wait ... that 's the hunt for red october . 
   quite possibly , but the most individualistic country ever ( the usa ) is the most successful one to date . 
  that depends on your definition of successful . 
  i just googled `` most liveable countries '' in the world and it seems like the standard statistic for this kind of question is the hdi ( http://hdr.undp.org/sites/default/files/hdr_2015_statistical_annex.pdf ) . 
  the us is in the top10 but the winner for a few years now is actually norway . 
  also i 'd like to point out that germany , austria and switzerland are consistantly ahead of the us . 
  going by the gdp you would be correct i guess , but per capita would paint a different picture again . 
  culturally speaking a quick search brought me to this site : http://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/influence-rankings which ranks france as first ( which is funny , tbh ) . 
  but they also mention that : `` while the u.s. may not be associated with sophisticated living , its $ 500 billion-plus media and entertainment industry is the largest in the world , representing a third of the global industry , according to pricewaterhousecoopers . '', 
  so i guess , that regarding media the us is still quite influential . 
   i.e. 
  slow steady transition to see what we actually need the state to provide that 's where we would obviously disagree on a few issue areas , but i can see merit in your approach . 
  although realistically seen , it would be hard to `` tune '' the different issue fields without causing some kind of fallout , we 're talking about experimenting with societies after all . 
   the good of the individual is the good of the people . 
  no way . 
  trickle down economics did never work . 
  a society of pure selfish people would be a nightmare . 
  like i said , there needs to be a ballance between the good of the people and the good of the individual . 
  and i repeat myself : going to extremes on this scale is not a good idea . 
  also : we got to one line answers again , i see . 
  i 'm gon na stop here , as i think that we debated the issue enough obviously . 
  have a nice evening . 
   simple question : is it easier to know ( a ) the differences between the european council and the council of the european union , the doctrine of judicial review within a supranational entity , agricultural directives , etc. , etc. 
  ( i.e. 
  all the many beautiful reasons to remain in the eu ) , or ; ( b ) i do n't proclaim to be an expert , but i know that this experiment is unfavourable to me , and therefore i 'd rather not have anything to do with it . 
  the question at hand should n't be about whether such a thing is easy or not . 
  to misquote kennedy a little : we are not working on the european project because it 's easy , but because it 's worth it . 
  having a referendum which is decided by the question you proposed is in my opinion not a good idea . 
  it boils down to : `` i do n't know enough about the eu , but i feel it in my guts , that we are on the wrong side of history '' . 
   realistically , you can not say that remainers were more informed . 
  you know what ? 
  that actually would be a nice question for a scientific study . 
  have remainers a better grasp of the way the eu works , than brexiteers ? 
  i do n't know it , i just found your remark intriguing . 
   so , yes , i think it 's fair to say that you ( perhaps inadvertently ) illustrated the british public as petulant children throwing their toys around . 
  check . 
  i think that i really ca n't express it a more neutral way than i did . 
  i said that i think , that they voted on something without having full information about it , while only listening to their guts . 
  there is no implied judgement by me , i merely wanted to state an ( maybe unfounded ) observation . 
  i would n't compare the brits to petulant children ... that would be unfair to the children . 
  sorry , i just could n't resist :-) the last line was a joke !, 
   if you instruct people to analyse a thing too deeply , it becomes more and more difficult to determine what ( and why ) that thing has occurred in the first place . 
  i disagree . 
  some things are way too complex in order to state that a supraficial analysis is sufficient . 
  especially societal questions are too intervowen and influenced by many factors to ignore certain aspects , because it would make it too complicated or something . 
   that sounds like some mutation of confirmation bias , or a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  ... you 're confirming yourself here . 
  it is again only an observation . 
  i again merely stated that this subreddit is not a very good source for information about things happening in europe . 
  especially when taking the `` voting '' system in account which is getting abused quite often . 
   ( and yes , we all know the bus was exaggerated . 
  news flash : nobody gives a fvck ) . 
  this is why i find your tone kinda condescending and hostile . 
  but as far as i 'm concerned you seem like a good person yourself . 
  nevertheless the bus example is just one between a few , which i 'd like to use to depict , that voting on such important matters through a referendum is a bad idea . 
  people can be misinformed . 
  you should challenge your own views as well from time to time , i am fully ready to do it myself and i have done it a few times in my life . 
  positing that nobody gives a fuck is in my eyes not going to lead to a good debate . 
   major decisions are so far removed from the demos that we may as well be living in an autocracy . 
  that is pure hyperbole , come on . 
  democracy through representation is the way to go on such a big level . 
  you can not include the whole `` demos '' all the time in every decision . 
  the people do n't have all the information they need to make informed decission and can be manipulated too easily . 
  the ballance between full democracy and a representative one is hard to achieve , but advocating full democratic processes for major decisions is not realistic . 
  the brexit vote is such an example . 
  i am accepting it , because it clearly is a democratic decision . 
  but it also shows that such complex matters which such wide-reaching implications should n't be decided through a referendum in my opinion . 
  it would be a good idea , if you would be able to ascertain that each voter has really all the information needed for his decission . 
  but that 's not going to happen . 
   but should it ? 
  who are you to try and change the way people want to do ? 
  for me the most important thing is giving people the freedom to decide things for themselves . 
  for me the most important thing is to give the people the environment where they are able to decide for themselves . 
  you need a stable society for that with firm structures . 
  my decission is worth shit , when nobody feels compelled to accept it . 
  so again : balance between the good of the people and the good of the individual . 
  going to extremes on both sides will lead to bad outcomes . 
   media makes money because people consume it , if you 're saying your media wo n't make money - that is saying people wo n't consume it . 
  no , media makes money because of ads . 
  the news are free . 
  the most trusted sources for news here in germany are ard/zdf . 
  because we pay for it , we expect them to deliver and are willing to held them accountable , when they transgress . 
  private companies providing news for free can tell us to fuck off . 
  additionaly , good journalism still does n't come for free . 
  good journalism should be a public good again and therefore we actually would need to pay for it . 
  crying about bad journalism while at the same time not wanting to pay for it is kinda strange . 
   how are you substantiating that ? 
  earlier in your posts , you explicitly stated that you do n't really have a clue what 's going on in the uk , yet you 're prepared to diagnose a political upheaval in the same country ? 
  i specifically stated that the only thing i get news about here is the brexit and pretty much nothing else . 
  so yeah , i do n't know much about everyday problems in the uk , but i am confident to posit that a significant part of the exit voters did n't have all the information they needed for an iformed vote and did so based on perception and beliefs . 
  the nhs bus is one of the examples showing what kind of information voters got . 
   where have you got the idea that every brexiteer is a naughty , mischievous child whose who 's acting up ? 
  spare me this shit . 
  i did n't imply anything even close to the things you said here . 
  it was a democratic vote and i 'm accepting it as it is . 
  it 's the decision of the people in the uk and i 'm not about to tell them to do things differently .
