  many universities have well-known faculties which eventually define their role . 
  the [ chicago school ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicago_school_of_economics ) in economy or the [ frankfurt school ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frankfurt_school ) in philosophy are just two examples . 
  universities get associated with these kind of schools and have an according image . 
  it 's not that hard to understand , i do n't even know why the fuck we actually have to circlejerk this retarded non-topic . 
  not every university has a certain image , but the big ones over time get one . 
  ucla , mit , etc. . . universities become homes to ideas . 
   can you show me the history of ceu ( rector ? 
  dean ? 
  student ? 
  owner ? 
  whoever ? ), 
  `` being a pain in the ass for wannabe autocrats , who ca n't handle criticism '' ? 
  hmm , wait , you mean a law specifically taylored for somehow stopping the existence of said university is indicative of the full support of the orb\u00e1n government ? 
  are you for real ? 
  or do you simply want to circlejerk around `` details '' so that we can expand this `` interesting debate '' for the rest of the day ? 
  i 'm a father . 
  i have many rights . 
  i even had the possibility of sitting a complete year at home with my son without serious financial repercussions etc. 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   the teachers may have their own personal opinion , but in my opinion that should not have a place in lectures . 
  in your opinion . 
  not in my . 
  i have n't had a single professor that did n't have his political leaning influencing his teaching . 
  funnily enough the majority of my professors were actually very conservative . 
  as a person who took part in quite a few lectures in several universities i can without any fear attest , that the majority of the teachings at german and english universities are veeeeeeeeeery conservative . 
  yeah , i know , i know , in the world of my conservative friends enjoying the fruits of us inflenced media , universities are some kind of safe heaven for `` liberal , leftist '' students and their politically naive professors . 
  but let 's face it , if this assumption would be the tiniest bit true , europe would be a leftist 's wet dream . 
  but looking around all i see is a bunch of conservative governments , a lot of austerity and so called `` neo-liberal '' economic policies and the rise of populism in ee . 
  even classical left governments are slipping to the right and are adopting policies which can not be called socialist at all . 
  but what do we fear ? 
  liberal universities !, 
  like i answered to the other guy : the last thing hungary should be afraid of is * one * liberal university . 
  especially after your government disabled quite a few checks in your political system . 
  but who cares anyway ? 
   they are n't supposed to teach anti-government either . 
  they are supposed to teach critical thinking . 
  most of the time , at least in sociology and political sciences , that means critical about implemented policies . 
  yeah , some people see it as anti-government . 
  which is dumb . 
  it 's critical . 
  a government is supposed to be criticised . 
  your government is obviously allowed to criticise the eu all day long , but a university criticising governmental policies is somehow a bad thing now ? 
   generally speaking , political opinion should be something everyone develops individually , not something you are taught , just like religion , favourite football club or taste in food . 
  generally speaking we all die in the long run . 
  but to be more specific : universities do n't teach political * opinion * . 
  that would be a waste of time . 
  at a uni you actually should learn to differentiate and see things from more than one perspective . 
  the ceu does n't have a reputation of teaching * opinions * . 
  it does have a reputation of being a pain in the ass for wannabe autocrats , who ca n't handle criticism . 
   i do n't particularly care for filthy rich people trying to influence society and mold it to their ideals . 
  yeah , welcome to the real world then , because that is the norm . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/perspectives-on-politics/article/testing-theories-of-american-politics-elites-interest-groups-and-average-citizens/62327f513959d0a304d4893b382b992b ) a nice paper on exactly that issue in the case of the usa . 
   university should be a place of learning and discussing different viewpoints , want to push a specific ideology , start a political party . 
  yeah , ideally maybe , i 'm not even sure about that . 
  besides , science ( not universities ) already get a shitton of funding from sources which are literally the opposite of `` unbiased '' . 
  it is a real problem and it needs a societal debate , but the topic is way too specific in order to get the people to talk about it in an informed way . 
  if you actually are ineterested in getting to know the way how european universities get funded , you can read it here : https://www.utwente.nl/bms/cheps/publications/publications%202010/modern_funding_report.pdf on the impact of money on science , you can get some useful info here : http://www.sgr.org.uk/sciencepolicy/sgr_corp_science_full.pdf all in all , i have to say , that your viewpoint if faar too simplistic/naive considering this issue . 
  education , espacially higher education , has always been a contentious issue . 
  power elites in autocratic states never like to be contested by some kind of intellectual elites . 
  the hungarian government has already disabled a few important checks in the political system and it has control over important parts of the media and it has the means to put pressure on independent media outlets . 
  turning towards higher education institutions , which do n't align with official orb\u00e1n ideas , is just the next step . 
  the government has already started to influence primary education . 
  therefore attacking the ceu , one of the few educational institutions in ee , which actually has some impact , is simply dumb . 
  this is the reason why orb\u00e1n is able to dismantle democratic institutions so easily . 
  people oppose the idea that universities can lean one way or the other more , than a government , that decides to shut down universities for ideological reasons . 
  i 'll take `` biased '' universities every day . 
  just looking at the political landscape , it gets pretty obvious , that the `` liberal '' narrative , does n't really stick . 
  hungary is pretty far away from being `` liberal '' in a political sense . 
  the last thing hungary has to fear is a `` liberal '' university to be honest . 
   as for ceu , is it politically neutral ? 
  universities do n't have to be politically neutral . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  the government is n't supposed to get `` involved '' in the teachings at a university . 
  and universities are n't supposed to teach government-friendly . 
   seems to be it 's more slanted towards the liberal side . 
  oh god no !, 
  not the liberal side !, 
  that 's it , close that fuckin institution !, 
  you mean rowdies ... nobody is protesting in rasha !, 
  they 're all soros shills / s, 
  i actually would n't be surprised if the girl was polish or czech ... she does n't look that brittish to me :-), 
  nah , everybody just knows that george is simply trolling most of the time . 
  he 's actually funny , because he does n't take himself too seriously . 
  but tbh , when you 're that well known for trolling most people stop arguing and simply downvote . 
  it 's how reddit works . 
  i 'll say go to / r/askeurope, 
  i think that the most troll response would be to also delete this question ... ... because it 's against the rules !, 
  u must go to / r/askeurope but , yeah ... i guess it 's an april 1st , we 're all funny nao , joke . 
  ... . the uk will surely be back again on the map in the corner ... in about 25 years !, 
  aaaaaaahahahahahaha, 
  ** edit ** : a few thoughts on the topic : some parts of the translation are kinda bad , because the text contains a lot of german legal speech , which is hard to translate . 
  one important issue dicussed in the article is that according to the bill social media providers are supposed to get the authority to tell people who think that their personal rights have been violated , the names of the violators . 
  till now you had the right to that kind of information but the courts had to decide if your claim was justified and then you could sue that person in court , etc. 
  now the private companies shall decide . 
  also , the hush hush way how this draft was changed is quite outrageous . 
  the people from digitale gesellschaft ( an ngo ) simply found out because they were looking through the eu database . 
  the article explains , that eu members need to notify the commission , when they intend to enact bills , which could have effects on an eu-wide level . 
  the funny thing for me was how much everybody was crying about free speech and stuff , when the draft of the bill was quite tame tbh . 
  but now that the ministry of justice decided to actually fuck it up for real by introducing stuff that clearly should n't be there , it gets no attention at all . 
  now is actually the time to build up pressure from the public side and to oppose this bill in its actual form .
