  so i guess , he 's not a christian agnostic . 
  tbh , not believing in god , is quite the disqualifier for a `` christian '' . 
  he should call himself white hungarian . 
  i , as a christian , would n't call him one . 
  otoh , he 's obviously as `` christian '' as that iranian woman . 
   a lot of them honestly believe you should be murdered if you convert away from islam a lot of them ? 
  guess you asked them personally . 
  but it 's okay anyway , because we obviously agree here . 
  we ask them to convert and all those young men , who say , that they do n't care , 'cause fine , why not , i do n't give a shit as long as it gets me a residency permit , suddenly become our new accepted and integrated neighbours . 
  such an easy solution !, 
  why did n't i think of it ? 
  i really mean it , no backing out . 
  all the refugees , who `` convert '' are allowed to stay here . 
  if they decide to `` reconvert '' it 's ok . or are we going to implement a certain time frame regulation ? 
  they will need to be `` christians '' for at least two years . 
  it will be easy as fuck as soon as they realize , that `` converting '' helps them to get their cases accepted . 
  - are you christian ? 
  - oh yes ma'am , i am since last week !, 
  - nice , welcome to europe then . 
  i 'd be willing to bet , that those people would `` convert '' very quickly . 
   this woman would be in grave danger in iran . 
  that 's neat . 
  i would openly argue , that a lot of refugees coming to europe would be in grave danger in their source countries . 
  all those afghanis ... could be in grave danger . 
  orb\u00e1n should take them in aswell . 
  they are as `` christian '' as this woman . 
  if it 's not enough we can ask them to convert , in order to make relocation easier . 
  hey cool , i 'll ask all the refugees to convert then . 
  problem solved , full integration accomplished . 
  finally we found a way to accept the refugees coming to europe . 
  poland will be delighted to get a bunch of new christians and germany will be relieved to finally being able to bring them to eastern europe . 
  yeah , i 'm kinda surprised aswell . 
  i think it was a simple mistake from your side and i only wanted to point it out , because it changes the message significantly . 
  people are expecting agenda pushing from fuckin ' everywhere nowadays , it 's crazy . 
  anyways , i read parts of the article , but it 's not for me really . 
  i studied something else , not economy ... its other half . 
  i dabbled in economy , especially international trade but that 's about all . 
  isnt there a `` common '' theory showing , that somehow trade diminishes with distance ( kinda very generalizing conclusion , it 's more complex than that , i know ) , but i have read a while ago something about trade between the us and canada and how trade between neighbouring countries is often most important . 
  therefore , i would n't have expected that germany would have any significant impact on countries in the south-east ( like romania , etc ) . 
  it 's your call , but i actually linked to the ranking because it is specifically aimed at people like you : `` an overview which takes foreign mathematicians ' choice of location for their research institution in germany as the sole indicator helps to fill this gap . '', 
  you could logically assume , that those universities have a higher share of english speaking staff in their faculties . 
  making it easier for you to find teaching staff , which can actually help you . 
  but yeah , your call . 
  i 'd suggest asking in r/de , too . 
  you 'll reach a more german audience . 
  and maybe even a few math students . 
  you can read this pdf for some pointers : https://www.humboldt-foundation.de/pls/web/docs/text_id_693537/f12522/seiten_aus_kosmos_91_20081.pdf it 's a little older , but it should give you a general idea about the ranking of the universities . 
  the saarland uni is on 8th place . 
  i would advise you to take a look at the enrollment requirements for the respective masters and to proceed from there . 
  i 'd pick 3 universities and then look at living costs . 
  berlin is still affordable , munich and hamburg are a little more expensive , stuttgart is pricey , saarland and the `` west '' ( ruhrgebiet ... d\u00fcsseldorf , cologne , bonn , etc ) should be affordable , too . 
  here 's the standard search page for wgs ( you know , sharing a flat with other students ) : http://www.wg-gesucht.de/ so you can get a general idea about , how expensive living there might be . 
  finally : no german skills : that 's kinda hard to say . 
  i assume , that most courses are going to be in german . 
  i would n't be surprised if some unis would require you to provide some kind of language certificate proving that you 're on b1 or 2 level . 
   germany alone will make a significant contribution to the external adjustment process in the european south . 
  `` germany alone will ** hardly ** make a significant contribution to the external adjustment process in the european south . '', 
  your quote is incorrect , fyi . 
  sure , obviously your arguments are pure facts . 
  anyway you stated that the applicants could apply in any eu embassy . 
  so there 's no need for germany to do all the things you are crying so dramatically about , because romania and the rest of the eu would obviously be part of the whole thing , too . 
  besides , you did n't address my other points . 
  you used one point to try to paint me as subjective , which is interesting , because it shows , that you actually have no real objective counterpoint . 
  it further shows , that you actually are all show and nothing else . 
  your comments so far are crying in a bitchy form about the german way to do such things and that 's all . 
  you 're mocking us and are pretty much projecting your prejudice on me and other users in this thread . 
  i never insisted , that problems will be solved in a heartbeat . 
  you are reading it into my reply . 
  i actually stated that there are no easy solutions . 
  only fools think that there are easy solutions to the migration problems we face right now . 
  i simply pointed out that this way we could address the trafficking issue . 
  i am not talking about migration . 
  but it does n't matter because you obviously are only here to mock us . 
  therefore this is my last reply this thread was doa anyway . 
  enjoy your prejudices . 
  yeah , sure . 
   i did n't realize you were actually seeking a challenge . 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
   i propose an even easier solution that also minimizes the carbon footprint of having a lot of people travelling to europe just to get their asylum applications denied : allow them to submit their asylum applications at any eu embassy in their own country . 
  sounds ok , there 's not much to say against it , besides , two points : it would be quite expensive and would require the receiving states to significantly boost the numbers of people working in those embassies . 
  so it would require additional training , housing and logistics for a ( probably ) high number of people . 
  is it really worth it ? 
  you will have to recruit those people , it is going to take quite some time and you would need to put them into countries , which are n't really safe most of the time . 
  and is it going to solve the issue of human trafficking rather quickly ? 
  second : i suppose , that we 're talking about actual refugees and people , who actually have a reason to apply for asylum ( imagine the gay people in chechnya ) . 
  therefore i suppose , that especially those people would be in need of a swift decission . 
  in order to reach that level of performance by people working in those embassies , the states would be required to really make a significant effort . 
  meaning a seriously high number of staff , so that it can be ensured 100 % , that people who are in actual danger , get their cases processed immediately . 
  i mean , your taling about being `` humane '' . 
  so risking their death would n't be humane . 
  so , to sum it up , would n't it be more feasible to actually grant them the right to enter your `` safe '' country first and process them afterwards in that safe environment ? 
  and would n't it be more logical to have those trained proffesionals living in your safe country and not in some kind of warzone or ... chechnya ? 
   is n't my proposal more humane , you would need to ask the asylum-seekers that question . 
  i find it quite arrogant to guess in their names . 
   easy to implement see my points above . 
  i find it actually harder to implement and more dangerous for everybody involved . 
   and not plagued by the emotional , financial and logistic distress of having to enforce the return of people that might not want to go back home ? 
  that distress is part of the risk they have to take . 
  otoh , i would wager , that waiting for your application to be processed , while fearing for your life , could be equally distressing . 
  i guess you need to weigh the pros and cons here , right ?
