  do n't tell me that they are not supposed to be anything . 
  nobody is buying into that shit . 
  besides ... yaay , look ! ... 
  a `` by that logic '' argument . 
  i am too tired for this stuff . 
  bbc is a biased news site . 
  lenta.ru is a biased news site . 
  see what i did there ? 
  i am reading russian news sites every day . 
  yeah imagine that . 
  lenta , newsru.com , meduza , etc. 
  they are fuckin news sites and i get that they have a certain bias like every other fuckin news site in this fuckin world ffs . 
  they are reporting on stuff which happens in russia and in the rest of the world . 
  and it 's fine . 
  when i go there i know what i have to expect . 
  rt , sputnik and co. are sites that target a certain audience in foreign countries . 
  there is no fuckin german news outlet with an . ru ending that is doing the same . 
  to sum it up extra for you : you must be really naive to think that rt is not supposed to be anything . 
  you ca n't tell me this shit with a sraight face and expect me to buy into such cheap talk . 
  if you seriously think that they are not supposed to be anything , then there is no ground for discussion between you and me . 
   should we ban that too ? 
  ... and just one thing because it really grinds my gears . 
  i did n't use the word `` ban '' once in any of my posts . 
  where the actual fuck did you even think that i implied anything regarding banning of sites ? 
  where . 
  the . 
  stop annoying me with these accusations that do n't have anything to do with anything i wrote . 
  learn to fuckin read !, 
  i value free speech as much as anybody else . 
  why the hell are they pushing propaganda when they are supposed to be some kind of news site ? 
  what , how , why ? 
  i did n't even tried to offend you . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  so , you 're back at crying again ? 
  generalization , the favorite way of the `` other '' side . 
  but i 'll admit that it 's kinda shady to not say why the focus is `` bad '' here you go : in germany you had 3 important weekly magazines . 
  spiegel , stern and focus . 
  focus came last and is the youngest . 
  stern lost much of its credibility after the fake hitler diaries story . 
  it also was perceived as the most left leaning one . 
  spiegel is rather left , but it also has a reputation of being very critical of the government . 
  it has lost some of its quality like many other print media due to pressure from the internet . 
  focus was kinda conservative but it became rather superficial . 
  it lacks information and many people view it as `` many nice pictures and graphs and just a little in depth analysis . '', 
  all three have lost readers and impact . 
  the demand for weekly magazines sank and spiegel is kinda the last one that still has some reputation . 
  btw , zeitung is just the german word for newspaper . 
  welt is conservative as fuck , it 's funny that you think that somebody here would read it . 
  i do n't know , i am from germany . 
  and last time i checked people here were sure that we do n't know shit . 
  but i am pretty sure that people from all over the world already know the answer and feel compelled to tell us germans how to go about it . 
  xaxa , dude ... you lost my interest , like you personally . 
  the topic remains interesting but i am not interested anymore in discussing it with you . 
  i actually never was . 
  do i really have to spell everything out for you ? 
  ho lee fuk . 
  it 's like actually talking to a two year old kid . 
  i am amazed , wtf is happening here ? 
  my face is full of disbelief right now ... 
  see my edit . 
  is it better now ? 
  too late for what ? 
  and wooooooow , you really told me what to do , xaxa , such smart reply much impressive skill . 
  i like your style , but you still lack finesse . 
  you will get there . 
  but is it going to be too late ? 
  oh look , suddenly you sound coherent and your sentences are structured and you even try to engage in a discussion . 
  i feel like talking to the third person under the same username today . 
  but you lost my interest by now . 
  here we go again . 
  it 's almost like there is going to be an important election this year . 
  i think i will vote for merkel . 
  she is a woman . 
  seems logical to vote for her in this scenario . 
  edit : ok ok , i will vote the afd . 
  edit edit : so i went from -2 to +9 after the first edit . 
  this thread is full of jokers . 
  the difference between here and now is the other . 
  pick is a salami manufacturer in hungary . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  i try to synchronize my communication skills with yours , maybe i will someday `` understand '' what you 're saying . 
  ohmahgahd , you just wo n't stop . 
  it 's the first time that i have to `` discuss '' with people on reddit for so long . 
  any other topic and we manage to stop within 3 replies , max . 
  i did n't get your point because your verbal diarrhea did n't make any sense . 
  you just started to spew out some shit without any context and then you cried because reasons ... 
  i had no fuckin clue that you get triggered by everything . 
  i have no interest in discussing any of the points you mentioned . 
  they are of no interest to me . 
  i ca n't make it any clearer . 
  i did not want to discuss it in the beginning . 
  you just jumped into this with points i did n't even think about talking because they do n't belong to this discussion . 
  just once more extra for you : your points are completely irrelevant here . 
  i am not talking about european problems . 
  i was talking about russian disinformation . 
  how the hell you managed to deduce that i had any interest in discussing european problems with you in the first place , is beyond me . 
  nah , i believe in talking with each other . 
  you just spew out your usual preconceptions and prejudices and do n't refer to anything i said . 
  and then you start crying . 
  nothing new here .
