  still , it does n't change the fact , that annexation implies coercion through a stronger power . 
  poland did n't have that kind of power . 
  therefore , poland did n't annex german territories . 
  i am aware of the legal speech that the brandt government had to take into account in order to get the treaty ratified . 
  the implications ( again the historical context is critical here ) were quite diverse . 
  there were many unanswered questions caused by the potsdam conference regarding the borders . 
  the german government was n't able to unilaterally make any decision regarding the borders without the consent of the `` siegerm\u00e4chte '' . 
  and getting the cdu/csu on board was equally hard , considering that a lot of questions regarding legal disputes over the expropriation of germans were n't answered at all . 
  so the situation was pretty complex . 
  saying that the treaty is n't precluding a later treaty according to international law ( the friedensvertrag issue ) was a feasible way to get things going . 
  but it does n't change the fact that the bilateral treaty between the 2 states was a legal document that de-facto acknowledged the borders and set the path for the international treaty under kohl after the reunification . 
  therefore saying that the constitutional court classified the treaty as non-binding and not legal ( which would mean illegal , i guess ) is wrong in my opinion . 
  the court merely pointed out that the issue can only be solved eventually through the participation of a unified germany and the `` siegerm\u00e4chte '' . 
  it happened later in the course of the treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany ( the 2 +4 vertrag ) . 
   you are aware that all border treaties signed by brandt back then were ruled not binding and not legal by the constitutional court , right ? 
  no , i 'm not , when did that happen ? 
  the treaty of warsaw has been signed by the government and later ratified by the parliament . 
  the document acknowledging the border defined during the potsdam conference is therefore a binding international treaty . 
   pop cultural revisionism of history . 
  i really like all this buzzfeed bs , throwing around meaningless phrases like a pro . 
  what the hell is pop cultural about it ? 
  people today ... 
   the point is that the atrocities that were commited aginst germans should not just be forgotten in my oppinion . 
  i agree . 
  and i also think , that , like i said , the events that happened were far from legal or moral . 
  i mean , for what it 's worth , stalin broke the same laws that were used for the n\u00fcrnberg trials . 
  he undoubtedly was as guilty as hitler and his cabinet for commiting similar crimes as the nazi regime . 
  the allies and the bombing of dresden is another part of that story . 
  all in all , there was no `` innocent '' party during those times . 
  but the germans started it , as stupid as it sounds and therefore we had to pay the price for all the shit that happened . 
  the atrocities against civilians , especially in the east , were in no way justified . 
  but in the historical context , i can * understand * them . 
  i wished people were more forgiving and wiser , but wars seem to bring out the animal in most of us . 
  it was a very quid for quo situtation and , yes , i agree , that we all have the obligation to remember , that a lot of really bad things happened on all sides . 
  and that , like i said , finding innocent people during those times was quite hard . 
  but , the last but , the way you framed your comment , you did n't raise peoples ' awareness of the displacement of german inhabitants after wwii . 
  in my perception , your comment was rather aimed at pointing out , that the borders are at least illegitimate if not actually illegal . 
  and that is not helpful at all , because you start an argument about the legitimacy of the borders , which is a waste of time nowadays . 
  pointing out , that k\u00fcstrin had a rich german history like many other places in that region and then showing how the legacy got destroyed within a few decades , would have been more helpful . 
  you could have taken the time and write a few more sentences on the issue and maybe you would have manage to educate a few people here about the ties between the history of poland and germany , etc. 
   when they appear to be a super long attack * attack * ok , well alllllrighty then . 
  so we went from * extensive * to * attack * ... are you for real ? 
   where did u/vertikal19 `` renegotiate '' any borders ? 
  are you seriously saying criticism of historical events should be , what , banned ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  you start your comment with `` where did blablabla '' ... let me ask right back : where did * i * say that criticism of historical events should be banned ? 
  obviously you are allowed to read in anything you like into my comments , but i am not allowed to draw my own conclusions . 
  is this the way it works now ? 
  if a german guy is showing up here and starts criticising the borders with poland i am going to assume that he thinks , that the redrawing of the borders was n't good . 
  i agree . 
  nevertheless i feel inclined to point out the very specific circumstances during those times and to say , that the borders are the consequences of the actions of the nazi regime . 
  the way they were established was n't legal by any international law standards , but we have to deal with it , because of the specifics which led to the redrawing of the borders . 
  and i pointed out , that renegotiating the borders would n't be helpful . 
  you can argue about them as long as you want , i do n't care . 
  but , eventually , we all have to accept them . 
  or just wait till the next war and try to redraw them again . 
  that 's how borders get redrawn . 
  wars do that . 
  at least on this scale . 
   especially when someone was just innocently pointing out that this town is not in germany anymore . 
  yeah , that 's not the way it was understood here and the ensuing comments showed that there is reason to doubt the innocence part ...  if we were actually talking about the moral implications of this border change before your intervention , i might have thought you were not overreacting . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  how am i overreacting ? 
   when you engage in an extensive historical explanation about circumstances . 
  oh i am so sorry that i tried to use more than two sentences to point out that historical context matters . 
  i guess that qualifies as `` extensive '' for our internet age of gifs and memes . 
  i 'm wondering what the 1000s of pages of books and essays about the topic qualify as in your universe ... fml . 
  * extensive *, 
   i am merely stating that what happened in these territories was unjust well , that 's debatable . 
  at least in the context of the aftermath of wwii the division of german territory into many parts was seen as justified . 
  international laws were quite new in that context aswell . 
  the notion that even the big players have to adhere to those rules was n't really established . 
  but it 's a very complex topic anyway . 
  what remains is the fact , that the events on the eastern border of the german reich are caused by many different historical events , which shaped the future of todays germany and europe . 
  the borders are n't up for dispute anymore . 
  ultimately it was the price that got paid for a war and for the genocide caused by the nsdap regime . 
  it was not legal , but in the context of those days it was seen as justified and it has been accepted by the german government within the following decades . 
  for me this whole issue is a typical `` deal with it '' issue . 
  devastating a whole continent and killing millions of people has its consequences . 
  looking at the map and seeing how the eastern parts of prussia simply disappeared is terrifying . 
  but it is also a reminder . 
  do n't get me wrong , i still think that it 's a shame , that k\u00f6nigsberg and its history got mostly erased . 
  it is , just like k\u00fcstrin and other cities , an important part of german history . 
  it 's crazy how fast it is forgotten . 
  but , the borders and that land is the price we payed and trying to renegotiate them by pointing out that it was wrong is not helping . 
   are you triggered oh this shit again . 
  i am not triggered . 
  the internet is not only about memes and shit . 
  i pointed out that the term `` polish annexation '' is stretching it quite a bit , especially when op is doing it only in two sentences and pretty much ignores quite a bit of history around the events . 
  and regarding the coercion part : oh buhuuu , nazi-germany was coerced into doing something after starting wwii and the holocaust . 
  my sympathy is quite limited . 
  nobody is thinking , that the potsdam agreement was not about a shitton of revenge and justice as understood by the 3 leaders of the us/uk/ussr . 
  but calling it a polish annexation is quite ridiculous . 
  it was stalin 's idea and he did n't really give a shit about what polish or german people actually thought . 
   it was part of the polish annexation of german territory after ww2 , which is also part of why the city did not really get rebuilt . 
  come on , this is really skewed to the max . 
  calling it an annexation is pushing it hard . 
  i see the rest of the comments and / u/cossack _ 7 is right in pointing out , that there was no `` polish '' annexation . 
  your way of cherrypicking definitions is also quite dishonest .
