  hyperbole much ? 
   how is banning memes not censorship ? 
  because you say so ? 
  no , because our laws say so . 
  we actually try to respect them around here . 
  different countries , different attitudes , i guess . 
   there should be no internet laws , just laws . 
  what now ? 
  laws are applicable to any sphere . 
  we have laws , which need to be somehow enforced on the internet , too . 
  that 's the whole issue . 
  we have laws against inciting hate against minorities etc. 
  if somebody on the street would start telling everybody , that we need to euthanize gay people , because they are an abomination , that would grant that person a trial in front of a court . 
  we in germany do n't think , that we need to debate this issue again and again . 
  we can debate , whether gay people should have the same rights or not . 
  but we can not debate , whether we should kill them or not . 
  that 's a categoric `` no '' around here . 
  and that 's ok . 
  i fail to see the problem in it . 
  and now we try to find ways to make people on facebook and twitter to respect the law . 
   everything you can do in real life you should be also do on the internet and other way around . 
  ok , you ca n't tell , that someone needs to be killed in real life , therefore you can not say , that it should be legal on the internet . 
  thank you for being for these mesures proposed by our minister of justice . 
   i 'm saying the evidence is n't strong even without the us . 
  it 's pretty circumstantial . 
  yeah , but you 're not providing any kind of studies , which could prove that statement . 
  here for example : it 's in german : http://www.oei.fu-berlin.de/politik/publikationen/ap81.pdf it 's a good study about the issue of reautcratization . 
  democracies becoming autocracies again . 
  short translation : a quick statistical analisys of the number of cases shows , that semi-presidential systems are more prone to reverting back to forms of autocracy compared to parliamentary systems . 
  which would confirm claims made by linz . 
  if you look at different cases of the last few decades , you can see quite a few democratic systems , which became autocratic again to a certain extent , russia is a good example . 
  furthermore , if the evidence would n't be compelling at all , there would n't be this much debate about it . 
  what we can take from it so far is , that there are compelling cases confirming the hypothesis , but there are also very compelling cases showing that there is more than the simple causal chain , that presidential systems are more prone to autocratic changes . 
  now , if you take turkey and the us into consideration , it would shift the scientific debate . 
  turkey would be yet another case showing exactly what we 're talking about . 
  and if the us would see the same fate , then things would change quite significantly . 
  so far there is good evidence , showing that civil societies play a big role , regarding this issue . 
  it 's not quite clear which factors are really important ( education , ngos , income , gni-coefficient , etc. ) . 
  but it is obvious , that not all presidential systems are equally threatened by this issue . 
  but if the us would lose parts of its institutional independence , that would make this debate quite interesting again . 
  so far the debate was able to show that the systems have their own advantages and drawbacks , but the hypothesis that presidential systems have institutional and political characteristics which can be more easily abused in order to establish an autocratic system , seems to be true . 
  finally : this debate here on reddit was sparked by my statement that the last paragraph was a nod to the scientific community , especially to the people working in the field of comparative politics . 
  for them this statement is true . 
  they will have to watch the developments closely . 
  turkey shifting in any direction , could make a case for both directions of linzs ' hypothesis . 
  just like the us case . 
  egypt is another one . 
  things are changing a lot and so far the states , which returned to more autocratic regimes , were some form of presidential systems . 
  therefore , your statement  it 's pretty circumstantial . 
  is actually very wrong . 
  statistical analasys provides significant results confirming the hypothesis . 
  what is true on the other hand is , that there is no compelling causality . 
  statistically there is correlation , but clearly there are more factors influencing the process . 
   so the evidence for this theory seems pretty thin from my ignorant standpoint . 
  what theory are we talking about now ? 
  here 's a map . 
  blue ones are full presidential systems . 
  i hope you wo n't ask me again where i draw the line ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presidential_system practically the entire new world has * some form * of presidential system . 
  the best example contradicting the hypothesis by linz ( i quoted him earlier here ) is the us system . 
  that 's right . 
  did i say anything to the contrary ? 
  i seriously do n't get what you 're trying to prove ? 
  i am admitting it , what is your point again ? 
   and realistically , when a historian talks about the politics of the western hemisphere they mean the new world and see ? 
  now i learned something . 
  that was fun . 
  we should do this again some time . 
   i said ww1 . 
  yes , i know , i can read . 
  and you still fail to show me how his heroic deeds manage to change anything in the long run . 
  i 'm looking at you kaliningrad !, 
   which one of your ancestors were those ? 
  the one who died on the east front . 
  makes you think , if it was worth it . 
  his live given for the ideas of a bunch of retards . 
  i guess he would have quite a different opinion , than yours . 
  but please , keep insulting me , i do n't mind , fortunately we live in a society , where you can do that freely . 
   my great grandfather was a german hussar , wore the totenkopf , and helped protect his ancestral lands of east prussia from the russians in ww1 . 
  yeah , that worked out pretty well . 
  let 's ask the people living in kaliningrad again . 
   just further proves that all the brave and masculine german men died during ww2 . 
  you mean they lost the war . 
  i was referring to brits in this thread . 
  i am fully aware of the fact , that many people have different opinions . 
  i am also pretty sure that a lot of english people do n't mind seeing those pesky scots leave . 
   i applaud that your country didn t had any censorship issues lately so why do you want to change it . 
  this debate is n't about censorship . 
  i already said that . 
  we are not debating censorship . 
  we are debating hate speech in the age of internet memes and bullshit . 
  we had issues with that latey , so that 's why we want to change it :  you can not see that the rise of extremist thoughts is because of frustration . . and if you censor them the frustration will only grow . 
  again ... we are not about to censor them . 
  stop telling lies . 
  we are about to apply the same laws to internet communication . 
  we need to find a way to do it in a convenient manner , which is efficient and not destroying our democratic freedoms . 
   in an effort to define the western hemisphere as the parts of the world which are not part of the old world , there also exist projections which use the 20th meridian west and the diametrically opposed 160th meridian east to define the hemisphere . 
  ok ... guess you use the one without the `` old world '' . 
  at least i know that now . 
  context still matters , but you ignore that conveniently . 
   if you 're fine with giving up the free speech right to whoever runs the country then what can i say .
