  they both do n't seem genuine . 
  wagenknecht is selling out wherever she can . 
  die linke does n't have a `` good brand '' anymore on the federal level . 
  on a local level , they 're ok . 
  i do n't mind them here in berlin for example . 
  but on the federal level they simply suck . 
  with gysi at the helm , they kinda had a vision and a convincing image . 
  they seemed coherent , but not many people voted for them , because they still are relatively far to the left . 
  but with wagenknecht , they somehow became leftist populist , without a convincing message . 
  sorry dude , but that is my perception of them on the federal level . 
  i am not against die linke , before you jump to any conclusions . 
  they simply need to get a convincing leadership again . 
  and they need to communicate their main points in a concise way again . 
  right now , die linke on a federal level is just pure show , no content . 
  i do n't get the spanish one . 
  i lack some background obviously . 
  anyone care to explain ? 
  yeah ... but no . 
  i always liked to listen to gysi , because he is a good speaker . 
  he seemed credible , although i most of the time ca n't agree with all the leftist points of die linke . 
  but wagenknecht ? 
  she 's bad . 
  as a leader of her party , as much as a politician . 
  she 's actually the reason why i would n't vote for schulz . 
  i really do n't want to see the bundeslinke in any government . 
  not with the policies they 're promoting . 
   it 's quite simple actually ah , the mantra of the `` silent majority '' ...  will importing more jihadists exacerbate or alleviate the issue ? 
  it 's fairly straightforward , but i guess `` we can never know the real causes . '', 
  if a sociologist ca n't make this connection he 's about as worthless as the penny in my pocket . 
  since when is more surveillance connected to jihadists ? 
  north korea must be full of them obviously , following your `` logic '' . 
  take the biggest offenders regarding mass surveillance , etc. . . you know , those nice dictatorships ... like maybe belarus ? 
  so many jihadists , it 's crazy !, 
  practicly run over by them . 
  saddams 's iraq ? 
  but forget about that , because it would be too simple , right ? 
  let 's take a look back at history and the history of mass surveillance . 
  stalinist russia , fascist italy and germany ... they had such high numbers of immigration and jihadists , they really had to increase their surveillance . 
  right ? 
  immigration and radical muslims are not the cause for mass surveillance . 
  they are a good excuse for it . 
  the cause is rather , that there still are enough gullible voters , who believe in the law and order rhetoric of conservative parties , which then use their legislative power to push those laws , which often align with a certain worldview . 
  theresa may would push for more surveillance with or without terrorism and immigration . 
  she would simply find other reasons to do so . 
  but hey , it 's so simple , right ? 
  more immigration causes more surveillance . 
  if only the real world would be so black and white ... all the sociologists could actually predict the future !, 
  anyways , i 'm out . 
  you 're not worth it . 
  go and look for simple answers ... simple minds , simple answers ... now there 's obvious causality !, 
   that 's not some shot in the dark as you 've attempted to portray it . 
  it is pretty much . 
  you can not compare climate studies with sociology . 
  you have centuries worth of data on the one side and a 10 year timeframe on the other . 
  one of those is actually a good base for predictions ... the other is guesswork . 
  so far my collegues in the sociology department did n't manage to reliably predict the future . 
  the climate scientist on the other hand are quite good at it ... compared to sociologists . 
   we know the causation , the variables , the indicators that play a role in this trend . 
  who is we ? 
  the guys i know , from the sociology department , would laugh their asses off at such a remark . 
  especially talking about causation . 
  the main problem is , that `` we '' never know the real causes . 
  trying to tie societal changes to some kind of monocausal models is pretty retarded and nobody would do such a thing . 
  at least no professional . 
  there is no such thing as `` this single factor '' is the reason for all the change . 
  you could not , in any universe , uphold the hypothesis , that higher immigration is leading to more surveillance . 
  just try to prove that conclusively for any group of countries , societies , cultures ... you would be the god of sociology , if you would manage that . 
  i doubt it ...  we know the causation , the variables , the indicators that play a role in this trend . 
  that is highly doubtful . 
  please point me to the data base , which is actually able to deliver on that statement of yours . 
  i hope it has historical data for the last 20 years , encompassing `` all '' the variables which play a role and is also usable for comparison between ( at least ) oecd countries . 
   i do n't need to guess but that 's what you do , you literally wrote `` i guess '' ...  more government surveillance and curbed freedoms is an observable trend trends are not indication for some kind of predetermined future . 
  * hint : * a trend can actually be stopped and societies can learn . 
  the future is still what we make out of it . 
  you have a 10 , maybe 15 year snapshot of human history , you call it a trend and you imply , that mentioned snapshot is indicative of a future , which ca n't be averted . 
  you 're deducing from a biased pov and anyway , if we could actually predict the future in a reliable manner , by watching past events , sociology and political science would be the coolest field to study . 
  but * hint * , they all did n't manage to predict the collapse of the soviet union ... although they monitored its development for decades . 
  i still trust in our west-european democratic societies . 
  and , i hope , that the uk will get its shit together , too . 
   i guess the unarguable trend of curbing freedoms and more intrusive government ? 
  i guess , it wo n't really happen and all will be fine in the end . 
  guessing , opinions , assumptions ... hmm i like this game . 
  so what will be your next guess ? 
   i 'm sure the impetus will only grow stronger as the problem expands . 
  i 'm sure it wo n't . 
  what now ? 
  of course ffs !, 
  grief is not based on logic . 
  ask the russian guy who killed the swiss air traffic controller after the collision of those 2 airplanes above germany . 
  the controller did n't intend to kill all those people . 
  it was an `` honest mistake '' . 
  a stupid accident also caused by bad procedures , pilot error and greedy managers who wanted to save a buck . 
  the `` logical '' thing would be to acknowledge , that the controller does n't deserve to die . 
  but hey look , a father grieving is not going to act logically . 
  humans are not robots . 
  edit : also your scenario is complete bs . 
  scenario 2 would actually prompt some retarded reasoning by me saying in the event of the death of a loved one : `` hey , at least he did n't get killed by a psychotic torturer !, 
  so it 's all good then . 
  knowing , that he could 've died in way more painful ways , makes his death so much better ... '', 
   for russia these are not independent countries , only a few countries are independent in the world for us .
