  they decide that it 's not really worth it . 
  now someone back home comes to them and tells them , `` dude , those guys are pure evil , i 'm gon na bomb them to shit '' . 
  but now the people would say : nah , forget it , they 're as fucked up as we are . 
  their lives are not better than ours . 
  it 's the same struggle everywhere . 
  but they treated us with respect and were not shitty humans . 
  do n't bomb the shit out of them , that 's stupid '' . 
  doing it your way , we get people who come here without any money who are literally without alternatives and perspectives and who are fully disappointed and full of hate when they eventually get back to where they came from . 
  i hope it 's simple enough for you . 
  i see , you are one of the very caring hungarians . 
  that heartwarming . 
  sadly putting people in camps will not deter the rest at all . 
  they will simply go somewhere else . 
  yeah sure , hungary wo n't have to deal with them anymore , which is nice for you , i guess . 
  the rest of us , still will have to face the reality and work in a constructive manner on the problem . 
   i might have missed a lecture on this one . 
  why are we obliged to help anybody , again ? 
  because it is in our own interest . 
  simple . 
  how are they going to make it better ? 
   anyway , i wo n't be responding to the rest of your infantile way of discussing . 
  oh no , that 's so sad . 
  / s and no , i do n't think we 're helping them at all . 
  that 's the joke . 
  we are already not helping them . 
  we , in fact , are actually doing everything we can to make their lifes as shitty as possible . 
  we force them to take the worst possible routes , if possible the most risky ones too and when they make it , we do whatever is possible to make their lives shitty again . 
  like putting them in camps and let them rott until they finally go back to the shitholes they came from . 
  it 's funny how you would call that `` help '' and advocate for doing even less , than what we already are doing . 
  which is almost nothing . 
  please do n't respond . 
  of course it is not . 
  sadly nobody gives a shit , when we cry around like little kids and tell them to go back , because it really is n't our problem , for realz now , pretty please . 
  the next conflict on our periphery will come . 
  and it will bring us more refugees . 
  the next country will remain a shitty country and it will bring us more immigrants . 
  we either deal with that , or we will have to deal with the consequences . 
  europe has the resources to deal with problems in its neighbourhood . 
  it can be smart about it and invest the resources in actively fighting the causes of those problems , so that we wo n't have to deal with it , when it 's already too late . 
   and why should we deal with this problem ? 
  if we do n't deal with it , it will deal with us . 
  the way it is doing now . 
  we either act , or we are damned to react all the time . 
  the reaction wo n't be happening on our terms though . 
   we 'll help more people if we prevent them from coming ... haha , such `` help '' . 
  let me rephrase your statement , so that it is closer to the truth : `` i want back the good old times , when i did n't have to care about them , because they were n't here and i could simply ignore the problem '' sadly ignoring the problem got us where we are now . 
  but hey !, 
  let 's try the ignore approach again and again and again and again , this time it will work , promised !, 
  orb\u00e1n , wilders , trump , petry and farage told me so . 
  they listened to me and promised me that all will be ok , if we build a wall !, 
  again ... 
   british  i know , i also used lower case :-) it was a tryhard shot at bad trolling :-) sorry , i am also tired , haha . 
  ... and i guess you also meant its ... at first i thought you 're a russian posing as a brit . 
  then i assumed autocorrect on a mobile device . 
  now i guess , you 're simply tired :-) do n't care , did laugh , have a nice evening my brittish friend . 
   it 's day are numbers . 
  hmm ... ok . and what if it 's night are letters ? 
  nono ... just let them assume what they already know . 
  it 's the way it goes ... you know it 's about sweden again . 
  this must be like christmas or something . 
   but more about '' back doors '' xaxa , sorry ... i actually loughed a little , while reading that ... 
   elites education you what now ? 
  it 's called tertiary education and it is free for everybody . 
  even for the kids whose parents belong to the working class ( or whatever you might call them ) . 
  you know , those parents , who worked their asses off to give their kids the chance to have a better future and , who are really glad to see them going to a university and doing better than them . 
  and , wow imagine that , after their tertiary education the majority of these kids , some of them even become doctors , engineers and architects ( nobody needs doctors , right ? 
  fuck society , i wo n't pay for their education , they do n't help me at all !, 
  hurr durr ) , they actually pay significantly more taxes , than the average worker and are statistically more healthy , which costs the society less and co-finance later your sick ass , when you become old and bitter . 
  yeah , fuck the elites , what are they doing for me , hurr durr ? 
  you 're fucking ignorant . 
  a lot of actually brave people fought hard for free tertiary education for everybody and not only for those who could pay for it ( the financial elite ) . 
  that free tertiary education is helping our society a lot . 
  forcing people to pay for good education while crying about elites , this is some next level ignorance right there . 
   you ca n't `` prove '' that the refugee/migrant influx has had zero impact on islamic radicalisation in germany i did . 
  the funny thing is , while i did that , you fail to prove me wrong by using anything else than your opinion . 
   you 're just refuting an assertion based on nothing other than wishful thinking i could n't have said it better . 
  that is what you are doing since the beginning . 
  sorry that you 're bored . 
  i am very entertained . 
  no dude , i did that in my first two comments . 
  that 's what most people see , i 've linked the source and provided the information . 
  something you failed to do . 
  the thing is , that you are unable to accept any truth that does n't fit the narrative you try to push here , which is logical i guess , because you would have to admit that you 're wrong . 
  i repeat myself , but i was the only one providing data and sources . 
  you merely are imagining things which do n't exist and are , at most , `` likely '' in some kind of alternate universe . 
  you 're like a fortune teller . 
  a fraud . 
  also you think , that i am trying to convince you . 
  which is funny , because i do n't . 
  the important thing was to provide real data and sources at the beginning to counteract your bullshit . 
  the rest was mildly entertaining and a case study . 
  i never had the illusion , that i could convince you of anything . 
  i had fun , i hope you did n't see it as a waste of time . 
  for me it was very interesting . 
  watching a fraud and how he works ... 
  so wait , let me get this right . 
  first you tell me to use the power of logic and to deduce things using my mental abilities and now you tell me to believe in magic and to invent my own world ? 
  you really fail at making a coherent point , you know that ? 
  also : fraud-tactics-101 : if everything else fails : try to depict your opponent as unable to follow your obvious sense of logic , which is by default the only way to see the world , because it 's the logic of the normal guy from the street . 
  let me point one thing out for you : you right now only showed , that everything up until here is not much more than a construct of your own imagination .
