  the differences between the usa and the eu are obvious . 
  we have different views considering the issues of societal cohesion , solidarity , etc. 
  what i actually want to say is , that we right now have quite the problems with 3rd generation migrants . 
  we do n't manage to integrate them really . 
  that 's a problem . 
  i do n't have a simple idea how to adress the issue , but i know , that telling them time and time again , that they 're different , than us , is also not going to help . 
  our hysterical way to paint the muslim world as our newest nemesis is simply exacerbating the issue . 
  it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  we tell them , that they 're different and bad and they will do all they can to remain different and become bad . 
  and additionally on the other side , we ourselves start to buy into the narrative . 
  i 've read a study about a `` tripsharing '' app ( you know , people tell , that they 'll drive from a to b and you can hop on if you pay a share of the fuel costs ) where the guys from the sociology department were able to prove that people with a turkish sounding name are less often picked up , or accompanied , than people with a german sounding name . 
  we are making this world the way it is , by emphasizing the bad things . 
  and it is a vicious circle . 
   there are many objective measurements we can use . 
  more scientific achievement is objectively better than less . 
  more happiness is objectively better than less . 
  hmm , and how do you manage to differentiate between political systems and `` culture '' . 
  both indicators you named are equally viable as measurment for the effectivness of different political systems ( and educational systems , health-care , etc. ), 
   islam is not conducive to free & open societies , we can observe this phenomenon across the world . 
  our societies will only get less free as time progresses . 
  yeah , but how can you posit , that democracies and `` western cultures '' are inducive to free & open societies . 
  we ourselves right now are voting to limit the freedoms other people have fought for . 
  look at the us and their educational system . 
  they are hell-bent right now to segregate their children and to grant good education to people , who can afford it . 
  look at the internet laws proposed and partially passed in several western countries right now . 
  look at our polarized societies . 
  look at the people , who call for harsher punishment , even for the re-intorduction of capital punishment . 
  we are selling our values ourselves , islam has nothing to do with it . 
  there is no guarantee , that a democratic state is going to remain democratic . 
  the issue of [ re-autocratization ] ( http://people.cas.sc.edu/starr/starr%20isr.pdf ) ( hello mr orb\u00e1n ) is quite real . 
   you have n't given any argument for why huntington is wrong . 
  oh boy , you want me to give arguments why he 's wrong ... why ? 
  there are by now quite a few articles out there pointing out , that his assumptions were very inaccurate and biased . 
  but ok , i 'll point you in the general direction : www.society.gisap.eu/sites/default/files/1spm-18-19.pdf `` this essay ( article ) does not undertake the venturesome task of analyzing the article in the realm of ethics , its pessimistic vision about the future of the world and its simplistic views of non-western parts of the world . 
  instead , it endeavors to gauge the article 's social-scienti\ufb01c value using three benchmarks . 
  for brevity , we will peruse huntington 's core statements without going into details . 
  first , we will look at how clearly and consistently the concepts were de\ufb01ned . 
  then , we will show examples of ambiguities and fallacies in huntington 's logic that makes his later hypotheses untenable . 
  lastly , some empirical \ufb01ndings will be cited to demonstrate that huntington 's predictions are not supported by research . 
  while huntington includes some information that covers a part of the reality in international affairs , his interpretation of that reality is inadequate and he fails to convince its careful readers because of his illde\ufb01ned concepts and biased usage of data . '', 
  you can read the rest yourself , i have nothing to ad . 
  another nice study : international terrorism and the clash of civilizations http://eprints.lse.ac.uk/20414/1/international_terrorism_and_the_clash_of_civilizations_ ( lsero ) . pdf `` the results reported in this article provide supportive evidence for our strategic theory of international terrorism : if foreign countries support the government of the terrorists ' home country with economic aid , arms transfers , military alliances and intervention in civil wars , then domestic terror leaders have a strategic incentive to attack nationals from that foreign country . 
  this is exactly what we find in our estimations of international terrorism in a directed country dyad sample over the period 1969 to 2005 . 
  these patterns of international terrorism are predicted by our strategic theory and are simply incompatible with a non-strategic account of international terrorism such as huntington 's paradigm of a clash of civilizations . '', 
  again , you can read the rest yourself . 
   that was your argument . 
  `` no culture is superior '' i , e cultures are on an equal playing field . 
  it 's your turn i guess . 
  on which basis are you able to compare cultures objectively ? 
  without getting normative ? 
  what makes a culture objectively better ? 
  the fact , that i like my western culture and the german political system , does n't mean , that it has to be the best , compared to the uk system for example , right ? 
  where are you going to draw the line . 
  for me for example , the uk political system is absolutely insufficient . 
  the electoral system they have is in my opinion a joke and not representative at all . 
  but is this comparison objective ? 
  i could now posit , that the german system is clearly superior , just like the dutch , because it gives political minorities the chance to be represented in the political sphere . 
  but the brits would see it differently , i guess . 
  i do n't think , that they 're ready to accept the superiority of the german electoral system . 
  and the dutch would laugh about it , because they actually do n't have our 5 % limit , barring certain fringe groups from entering the parliament . 
  but for you it 's about muslims , right ? 
  what about the chinese ? 
  i mean , they killed female fetuses for quite a while . 
  are far from democratic . 
  they are surpressing freedom of thought and speech . 
  but they are clearly a military and economic power . 
  is their culture inferior to ours ? 
  can you answer it without getting normative . 
  how are you able to find the right indicators which would make a comparison objective ? 
  how do you quantify those indicators ? 
   yes , you have an idealistic view of the world not rooted in reality . 
  i 'll point you to the text i just wrote above . 
  so i 'm the one who 's idealistic ? 
  the one who 's asking for empirical findings and ways to prove that the real world actually works according to your assumptions . 
  when all empirical findings so far showed that huntington was wrong on so many levels , you are calling me idealistic . 
  you call my views not rooted in reality , when i am actually trying to find empirical evidence in the real world , which shows , that your fears are actually justified . 
  so far empirical research ( you know , the one * actually * rooted in reality ) has only shown , that the issues are way more complex , than a simple `` clash of civilizations '' . 
   yes . 
  simple question , do you want your country to become more or less like saudi arabia ? 
  i want my country to remain part of the eu , free of oppression , pluralistic and liberal . 
  building a wall is not going to change shit . 
  keeping `` them '' out is but a mere joke . 
  i am not afraid of muslims . 
  they make about 6 % of german population . 
  i am afraid of the 20-30 % of `` radical conservatives '' who are using this issue to employ new policies , which are changing our country and making it more illiberal ( hello mr orban ) , more oppressive , less pluralistic and not part of the eu ( hello mrs may , le pen , etc. . . ) . 
  i am afraid of the people in my country , who are loud enough to change the political system . 
  the terrorist come and go ( i 'd like to point you to the 2nd text i linked again ) . 
  but changes in the political system , which are making it harder for me to remain anonymous on the internet and easier for the `` agencies '' to spy on me , those changes are going to stay . 
  look at the new internet laws in the uk . 
  are they really necessary ? 
  are they actually used against terrorist , or are they also used against political activists ? 
  and look at the programs of those parties , which are deflecting our attention with the immigration/terrorism issue . 
  while they 're milking the situation as best as possible , they also use the time to either become filthy rich ( hello mr orban , again ) or to push through new policies , destroying societal cohesion ( hello mrs may ) . 
  i am not afraid of muslim terrorism . 
  the muslims are not changing my democratic world . 
  people like you are changing it , by voting for those parties and by calling for harsher laws , harsher punishment , more surveillance , less inclusion , etc. 
  i am afraid of people like you , who are going to make this world less livable for my son , who is not going to be able to simply drive from larochelle to helsinki to warsaw and from there to anywhere else in europe without border controls . 
   jimmy carter is an exception ah ok ...  bush criticized him behind closed doors ( not in public ) , and even then it was considered rare . 
  ah ok ... so it 's not really critique . 
  an exception , again , i guess ...  these next two are taken during an election where bill was stumping for his wife .
