  you mean those half-assed attempts at ... nah forget it , i wo n't argue with you about that , it 's not worth it . 
   they used to leave to undisclosed places , which is not fair in my opinion towards schengen states , when we 're talking about people who 's background check is underway . 
  not fair , that 's funny . 
  there are quite a few things which are not fair regarding this issue . 
  but yeah sure , you 're doing it for schengen again . 
  not for hungary , no no ...  they are now `` detained '' ( not sure about the correct legal term ) , not allowed to walk freely in hungary , but they can leave the way they came from . 
  so , back to serbia ? 
  good job . 
  you helped a lot . 
  here 's your medal . 
   we do n't send them , but you or the whole eu for that matter ca n't exactly dictate how many people hungary must process per day in order to qualify as a good guy country . 
  ah , this shit again . 
  we can ask you to do your part . 
  you can refuse to do so . 
  we can start our new eu2 .0 project and take care of the shit ourselves , because we already have to , because hey look !, 
  : after hungary closed its borders all the refugees somehow got detoured magically to italy and spain . 
  wow ... so surprising . 
   if we did n't give a fuck , we would be busing them to austria . 
  guess what , they 've pulled razor wire up too . 
  nobody seemingly bashes them for it though . 
  you bussed them very quickly to germany , when you had the chance . 
  but then austria closed its borders , too and forced your joke of a pm to actually respect the arrangements between the eu partners for once . 
  so the problem actually is , that you could n't transport them fast enough off of your territory and now you 're stuck with them . 
  so do n't kid yourself , you 're not doing it for `` schengen '' . 
  you were simply not fast enough . 
  you could have tried a more cooperative approach . 
  you could have worked with the rest of the eu together . 
  your pm decided to rile up the other jokers from the visegrad 4 and to fuck us all over by building a fence . 
  good job . 
  he really managed to propagate the image that hungary is a reliable partner , when the time comes to really solve some hard issues in the eu . 
  that we can count on you to do the right thing and to look for ways to solve this crisis together . 
  oh no , wait . 
  he showed us that his word is worth shit and that he is ready to sell us all for your next vote and a few more years of `` power '' . 
  good job , again . 
  that 2-speed-eu ca n't come fast enough . 
  i guess the eu is only good , when it has to solve quality problems of products sold to ee . 
   with these fences , we do make them use our official entry points . 
  that 's the whole point , to stop them from illegally crossing our ( and our schengen allies ' ) borders . 
  and you called me naive . 
  you only make them go elsewhere . 
  they simply do n't use your hungarian entry points ... this makes this :  ( and our schengen allies ' ) particularly enraging . 
  you literally send them to everywhere but hungary by building your shitty fence and the camps . 
  at least admit it . 
  hungary could n't give a fuck about its `` schengen allies '' . 
  i really start to like the 2-speed-eu idea . 
   and not accepting any more of them this is not a realistic choice . 
  try again . 
   realise that at this point , enough is enough . 
  we 've realised that a long time ago . 
  the numbers of refugees has been declining since a while now . 
  and do n't fool yourself , that did n't happen because of those `` high-tech '' walls hungary was building . 
  it was because my shitty chancellor has been cutting some really crazy deals with all the countries in our direct neighbourhood . 
   you 've got to make sure your own people do n't suffer from it , which they might start to if we keep letting this develop like it is right now . 
  the people here suffer from many different things , which are way more important than those refugees . 
  when they will be gone , we will realize that sadly our problems did n't go aswell . 
  refugees are a temporary problem . 
  our social issues are home-made and we have been cooking them for a long time , long before those poor bastards washed ashore . 
  also : declining refugee numbers ... the development is pretty clear here . 
   from war ridden syria ? 
  you somehow want private companies , to schedule regular flights to and from war ridden syria ? 
  what pilot would take the risk ? 
  ahem : https://www.flightradar24.com/data/airports/dam damascus airport is operating normally . 
  it has flights from quite a few commercial airlines operating to and from mena . 
  your point ? 
   why do you think we do n't know who they are ? 
  because they can enter wherever they want . 
  if they want to board an airplane , like you and me , they have to provide their id . 
  standard procedure . 
  pay the ticket , board an international flight . 
  it 's almost normal , right ? 
   what about people who do n't have a passport or any sort of identification ? 
  the same rules apply to them as to you and me . 
  i ca n't board an airplane without valid id . 
  they stay where they are . 
  so let 's see : we provide them with an incentive to take a safe and short route and keep their legal papers , or they can take the risky and potentially deadly route that actually is also more expensive and destroy all their legal papers . 
  what do you think , people with children would do ? 
   what if isis captured offices and equipment , where they are capable of producing `` legal '' documents as they please ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  they already have . 
  i am talking about providing refugees a mean of safe travel . 
  terrorists do n't give a shit about all that . 
  they get here with closed or open borders . 
   you ca n't be serious . 
  how could they even know where can they afford housing if at all ? 
  most of the refugees want to get to some kind of relatives . 
  it 's like me or you visiting the us . 
  immigration control asks me every time where i 'm going to stay . 
  the same applies to those guys . 
  you do n't travel that much , do you ? 
   how is this any better than denying them in the first place ? 
  it would save them time and all their money . 
  do you really want to scam them for 2 months of living costs ? 
  that 's ridiculous and totally helpful . 
  you really do n't travel that much ... 
  it 's simple , again , they have to prove that they can take care of themselves for 2 months ( it 's an arbitrary timeframe , i do n't care ) . 
  assuming , that they would have invested otherwise a few thousands of dollars to travel for months through the world , one can expect them to have money left now , because they only paid a fraction of it to travel fast and safely and they can use that money to pay for their lives for a short period of time . 
  i 've seen an article claiming that it would cost around 9k euros to get from syria to schengen territory . 
  even if you pay 1k for a plane ticket you should still have 8k left . 
  that should be enough to survive for two months . 
  hungarian do n't make that much money in a year .
