  why do you feel the urge to attack me personally every time you write something ? 
  why are you projecting your shortcomings on me ? 
  it 's not important . 
  after your comment i 'm inclined to believe the other guys more . 
  your attempt to make an argument for the `` trump side '' makes me question that side even more and makes me more suspicious about the things which are happening . 
  without your comment , i would have ignored the whole matter and would have waited for the outcome . 
  but now , that i see people like you implying , that this whole thing is actually totally not really bad/important/as it seems ... i am getting inclined to believe , that it actually is !, 
   sorry , lamppost , keep searching , im sure you 'll find a lamppost that 's just right for you eventually . 
  i still do n't know , why you have the urge to make it personal . 
  you seem to have problems debating things in a more objective way . 
  that 's why i assume that you must be a woman . 
  every second sentence is about my perceived character . 
  and i am the bigot ? 
   generalisation based on protected characteristics is in no way the same . 
  and again , you 're too dense to understand the basic message . 
  of course generalisation based on characteristics is bad . 
  but there is a difference between generalisation and discrimination . 
  one is getting adressed by anti-discrimination laws , the other not . 
  you 're not understanding the basics of laws , but you insist on arguing here , pretending , that you do . 
   sorry , lamppost , keep searching , im sure you 'll find a lamppost that 's just right for you eventually . 
  i 'm not looking . 
  you seem to be projecting a lot . 
  you should try reflecting upon your actions and convictions . 
  your comments so far showed that you 're a nationalist , a sexist , a bigot and pretty bad at understanding basic principles of the legal system . 
  i am here for you , if you need help . 
  so far it 's been a lot of fun for me . 
  seeing you grasping at straws , while trying to maintain an aura of supremacy ... it reminds me of putin . 
  i guess , it 's a russian tactic ... you still need to train that skill obviously . 
   i generalise based on perfectly legal characteristics . 
  yeah , but you still generalize . 
  the law refers to discrimination . 
  we both do n't discriminate . 
  discriminating implies us ( you and me ) actually doing things . 
  we just think . 
  and we both think in the same patterns obviously . 
  so you are as much a bigot as me then . 
  you generalize , i generalize . 
  it does n't matter if it 's against a law , because there is no law against generalizing . 
  there are laws against , discriminating . 
  i do n't discriminate . 
   this will be a day when i 'll start asking for permission to post on a sub from a random bigot and his defeatist appeals to the masses . 
  you dont even have the balls to speak for yourself and have to appeal to `` we '' . 
  much sad , no banana . 
  no , i meant we here in germany . 
  you can do whatever you want on the internet . 
  i do n't care . 
  also , why are you so angry again ? 
  you do n't really seem calm . 
  you must be a woman ... you argue like one , that 's for sure ... 
  but why am i a bigot , and you 're not ? 
  you still did n't answer that . 
   i 'll carry on being a person of russian ethnic origin , away from your bigotry . 
  that 's ok . 
  i also prefer you to sit in your hole with the other russian bigots . 
  we do n't have any need for people like you around here . 
  kisses xoxo . 
   the difference is im not breaking the eu laws , you are . 
  so if this argument comes to the high authority , a court house in eu . 
  i 'll be cleared , you 'll be prosecuted . 
  you 'll be officially a bigot , i wo n't be . 
  all im asking is that you follow the law . 
  you 're dense . 
  please sue me !, 
  oh my god , go on , report and sue me !, 
  we can watch the people at the court laugh their asses off , because you obviously do n't have a clue , what the law actually is about . 
   do you see the fucking difference , dumbo ? 
  yes i do !, 
  you are a bigot . 
  the law you 're refering to all the time is protecting people against * discrimination * . 
  i do n't discriminate against russians . 
  having prejudices ( being a bigot ) and discriminating are two different things . 
  so we 're all bigots now , right ? 
  you have prejudices against the users of this sub , i have prejudices against russian trolls . 
  then it 's settled . 
  you 're a bigot . 
   posters on a sub on reddit are not a protected characteristic under eu law , ethnic origin is . 
  yes i know , but that is n't the point . 
  the point was , why are you not a bigot ? 
  you are behaving like one . 
  `` prejudice is an affective feeling toward a person or group member based solely on their group membership . '', 
  so you are a bigot aswell , right ? 
  that was the whole point . 
  you 're behaving like a holier than thou person and throwing rocks in a glasshouse , like it 's the fuckin olympics of throwing rocks in glasshouses . 
  i simply am amused , while watching a bigot crying bigot all the time ... you 're funny ... you know , like a clown . 
  you are amusing me , thank you . 
   because i dont start my arguments with '' you germans . . '' but you start it with `` you the users of r/europe '' ... so how are you not a bigot , then , according to your definition ...  oh im chilled as a cucumber you make a rather angry impression . 
   word of advise , dont try and pull that sexist bigoted crap in real life , you might get arrested . 
  the rule of law is still the norm in germany . 
  i 'm not worried ... 
   obviously a bigot wo n't get when he is being a bigot , if bigots were clever you 'd apply a basic filter before opening your mouth spouting bigotry . 
  i still do n't know why you 're so angry at me ? 
   i didnt say that , you did . 
  but that 's what you do all the time . 
  why are n't you a bigot then ? 
  how does this work ? 
   the sex of person seems fundamental to you in the areas that have nothing to do with person 's sex - this makes you a sexist . 
  you 're talking out of your ass now m8 . 
  you should try to chill for a moment . 
  it would help this conversation . 
  right now you sound rather incoherent .
