  interesting data . 
  at first i thought that we would learn nothing as this number seems to reflect the size of government and public spending . 
  more left-leaning countries have more police officers per inhabitants . 
  but then you see scandinavia with the lowest scores of the board ( as well as iceland . 
  does anyone have an insight about any other value that seems correlated with this ? 
  that 's possible and quite interesting . 
  uk has been doing modifications to its censorship list recently , and everytime a country does that , political websites `` accidently '' get included . 
  http://yro.slashdot.org/story/13/06/11/2238247/uk-isps-secretly-start-blocking-torrent-site-proxies if you want that we test that , can you join me on an irc ? 
  either on #lol at irc.lyonopenlab.net/6667 or #frlab on freenode, 
  is there a clause about police violence preventing admission in the eu ? 
  are there eu standards on protest repression ? 
  genuinely interested . 
  the events in istanbul are indeed pretty serious , but there has been protestors killed by police in several eu states . 
  what is the threshold there ? 
   why would europeans fight for freedom when they already have it ? 
  to keep it . 
  i know that the order of the [ sovereign military order of malta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_military_order_of_malta ) is a very rare judicial entity : they are considered a sovereign state that does n't have a territory . 
  this is now basically a healthcare charity . 
  i kind of half wish they formed militias to defend hospitals too ... 
  i am less disturbed by tax reform than by lowering public spending . 
  but i guess i 'll see in a few years then . 
  overall spending is what i want to look at , hollande seems to be a specialist at doing something while appearing to be doing the opposite . 
  he has pressure to look like a deficit hawk right now , i am willing to give him the benefit of doubt . 
  ok so he claims austerity is stupid and then that he will implement it . 
  my question is : did he already ? 
  has public spending been reduced while he was in power ? 
  this is an honest question , as i decided to make a small break from politics until the next presidential campaign : do you have sources to back that claim ? 
  did the public spending decrease ? 
  that would be quite a blow to his credibility instead . 
  he does more than avoid the word : http://www.lefigaro.fr/conjoncture/2013/04/17/20002-20130417artfig00530-hollande-la-depression-se-prolonge-en-europe-a-cause-de-l-austerite.php `` depression in europe is continuing because of austerity '' said hollande . 
  that 's quite a statement . 
  but then again , saying is saying , i 'll believe in actual actions and policies . 
  there is a difference between realizing and admitting . 
  the real question was , when did they really realize it and did they act according to this realization or rather did they act according to individual interests ? 
  actually , french ministers ( i believe including the one of finances ) said that austerity was a stupid idea . 
  now , they are just talking , it does n't necessarily mean they will act accordingly , but the battle of ideas is being won ... 
  mario dragui , the president of the ecb , is the former vice president for europe of goldman sachs , the bank that helped greece to cheat on its accounting during this period . 
  we have named bin laden at the head of the cia and are wondering why terrorism is still a problem ? 
   i wonder if the greeks will find any irony in the fact that the only reason they were saved from greater catastrophe was because they were part of the eurozone . 
  that 's something that is yet to be proven . 
  without being part of the eurozone , greece would have either defaulted , devaluated , or both . 
  these would be disastrous for the richer part of the greek society but would probably have been a shock that would have been more quickly absorbed . 
   how were they so wrong ? 
  they used a wrong model of interactions between the private economy and the public spending . 
  imf economists themselves recognized that they used a keynesian multiplicator of around 0.5 when it was probably 3 times that . 
  the thing is , when this number goes above 1.0 , repaying public debt is the worst idea during a crisis . 
  it is hard to know if they were genuinely believing their theories even back then . 
  the tragedy is that all the people who made the wrong decisions , either out of self-interest or incompetence , will stay in charge , wo n't be punished , and everything will continue as usual . 
  oh , and stating these facts makes you a far-leftist commie in the media also . 
  if it does n't smell , it does n't taste . 
  these are two brands of [ jesus ] ( http://www.specialiteslyonnaises.fr/images/stories/produits/jesus-de-lyon_01.jpg ) , right ? 
  ( it is a kind of sausage here ), 
  what passes as cheese in most countries . 
  what passes as food in some . 
  going to church . 
  not surrendering to the germans . 
  yes . 
  in this day of internet and youtube reporting , the video would immediately be all over twitter , and people would judge if it was a good decision . 
   [ edit : do britons say behavior or behaviour ? ], 
  they just behave . 
  eu mps are elected , in every country . 
  romania is part of the eu , you ought to know that . 
  i do n't see where i suggest that adorableness should prevail over the well-being of nations . 
  i doubt that you came to this interpretation through an honest reading of my post . 
  and yes , candidates may lie to their electors . 
  i would favor a liquid democracy system or , failing that , a system that allows to dismiss on petition + referendum elected representatives . 
  italian women color their hair pretty young these days ... 
  well then do n't vote for her , what 's the problem here ? 
  she is trying to show that a thing can be done , she is trying to show what kind of rules an ideal society should have . 
  i am not sure i am 100 % supporting her in this endeavor ( it * is * indeed distracting for her and may not be that beneficial for the child ) but this is a democracy , this is a free citizen freely elected by free citizens . 
  if it is not what her electors want , she wo n't be reelected . 
  if the eu parliament thinks it is distracting and silly and that it is not worth making the effort of accommodating for that , they can also vote to forbid this kind of things inside the parliament . 
  provided she respects every rules and law , everything works correctly imho . 
  i would add also that young moms raising their children is a demographics that deserves to be represented in the eu parliament . 
  and that this representation does not mean that those that are elected should stop raising their children themselves . 
  i do think that it must be difficult , but i think it is worth making some effort to make it workable . 
  actually , if the eu parliament is like the french parliament , 50 years old toddlers make a lot of noise constantly so i would not think it disturbs much the normal course of debates . 
  also , her daughter does not have any kind of immunity so i am guessing that the president of the audience can expel her if she makes debates impossible . 
  first , note that the united states considers that access to a free internet is a human right that follows from the basic right of freedom of speech : http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/politics/diplomacy/120706/un-deems-internet-access-basic-human-right-0 the french three strikes law attracted many criticism from the eu , especially vivane reding who insisted that cutting internet access to someone was very serious and needed very carefully crafted laws ( something the french law was not ) second , this was not just a cutting internet at home decision : this is a `` barring from internet '' decision . 
  the user is added to a blacklist and is forbidden to sign a contract to another isp ( but still had to pay for the service he did not receive , yes it is crazy ) . 
  so i would say that it is a higher inconvenience than not having water at home . 
  in my case , it would mean forbidding me to practice my profession for a period from 2 months to one year ( in practice there are loopholes , but they are much more a consequence of legislative incompetence rather than benevolence ) . 
  i 'd rather have my water cut at home than being barred from checking my inbox . 
  i depend on the second one more than on the first one . 
  are you making a philosophical point ? 
  will you kill me if i disagree ? 
  i can understand that some people may like the schwatrzbrot , but have you tried the british kind ? 
  i has the same feeling as when i tried their fruit blue cheese : `` i see that you are trying to do something interesting , but ... this is not here yet . '', 
  see ? 
  this is why we are constantly at war ... 
  do n't be too sure about it . 
  west of berlin , i do think that the police forces are better trained at handling civilian protests `` peacefully '' ( i.e. 
  without killing people ) but we have n't seen a crowd really frighten any government . 
  cameron said that during riots it made sense to block twitter to `` prevent sacking '' . 
  in paris , occupiers of empty buildings ( like the non profit `` jeudi noir '' ) know that a cellphone blackout is often the sign of an imminent police action . 
  upvote that to the sky . 
  install tor it and do it now , that internet is still working correctly . 
  and if you do n't live in turkey , it ca n't hurt to be ready when this happens in your country . 
  there is no legitimate reasons for a government to prevent its population to communicate . 
  good boy .
