  this is a structural problem : we have too many processes where consensus is necessary . 
  solidarity is also not eu 's strong point , as the greek crisis currently shows . 
  if you ca n't be trusted to quickly help a country financially , why should you be trusted to help it militarily ? 
  could greece trust the eu to fight over cyprus ? 
  would the french or spanish be concerned enough about baltic states being attacked by russia ? 
  the trust is simply not there for small countries to rely on eu yet . 
  which leads to the last point : for a small country like estonia , does it make sense to have a complete army ? 
  air force , ground troups , navy , etc. . . 
  if it is invaded , it wo n't be able to resist but still , it makes an invasion more costly than if there were no army . 
  there were talks a few years ago , where nato proposed that one of the baltic countries specialized in demining operation ( apparently they have good expertise in this field ) and funds this sector more than others . 
  in an alliance where you can rely on other armies , this is indeed cost effective , but you really need to trust the chain of commands there , to be able to send the tanks you need a few hours after enemy tanks are spotted . 
  not weeks , not days , but hours . 
  it requires a high level of military cooperation . 
  finally , us fears ( rightly , i believe ) that a eu army would weaken nato . 
  i think they will go to great length to prevent it from happening . 
  they may even open the supreme command to non-us countries , which would be a big deal . 
  in the end , contrary to my pessimistic tone , i am in favor of a eu army , but i see no one in eu proposing a credible path to get there . 
  i think that my country could have led the way for such a thing to happen when sarkozy instead supidly joined back nato . 
  alone , we still have a functional and powerful army . 
  if for instance we had gone to mali with two or three other eu countries , it would have been possible to put into place a proto-eu command ( everything in the eu seem to start from a 3-4 countries alliance , i think it is the way to go ) . 
  if successful , it would have given arguments to leave nato for these countries and reinforce cooperation , make a new defense alliance , a democratic structure of command and grow organically from there , partner after partner . 
  the political will seems to be absent . 
  i am not in the knows of the military secrets , so it is quite possible that it makes more sense to rely on nato for now , but as an europhile , i would love to see something as cementing as a eu army appear . 
  only if it effectively becomes a democracy . 
  in its current form , where the eu council or commission , two organizations that are not elected , can go their ways in so many domains , that would be a big no . 
  eu-wide elections of a president , or a stronger parliamentary regime are necessary before i would be comfortable with such a power . 
  i feel that this is uk 's problem now . 
  it has to decide which side of the atlantic it lies on . 
  our euro coins is a reminder of how ambivalent the uk has been to europe : different countries have different heads because it was unacceptable for uk to not have the queen on their coins , and eventually they did not even join the euro-zone . 
  make up your mind guys . 
  be neighbors or be flat-mates , but do n't expect to cherry-pick only the good things and still have a say in eu decisions . 
  a rebound is an inverse of a derivative , not of a second derivative . 
  if you derive the quantity enough time , you can always find a rebound . 
  austerity has nothing to do with debts . 
  austerity is simply when you dramatically reduce public spending and/or raise taxes for a reason . 
   most people in europe may perhaps understand some level of english , but surely are not comfortable using it . 
  and certainly many are not able to hold a more elaborate discussion in english . 
  that has to change . 
  providing a common goal to europeans that makes use of english is a way to do so . 
  i know berlusconi , merkel or cameron , but they do not have any impact on my life . 
  i also know them because they are politicians from one of the `` big '' countries , which seems unfair . 
  we have european elections , but no common candidates . 
  there are no political personalities i will vote for or against than , say , a german . 
  and we do have a common language , so common that we hate to admit it is indeed our lingua franca : english . 
  with my japanese wife , my friends scattered in us and asia , my clients in australia , my experience in singapore , i feel first like a earthling , then like a french , and finally like a european . 
  interestingly , finding this forum actually raised my feeling of belonging to this loose federation . 
  i wish we had common elections where we could argue for or against common candidates . 
  we 'll trample that . 
  sissies who need armors to play rugby are too easy to scare , 
  this is not really different than when you accept that international trade sets domestic prices for goods . 
  is this being ordered by foreign interests or just a normal part of negotiations ? 
  rodrik argues that at some point , if you refuse any kind of tariff , local monetary policy , local regulations , you make it impossible to fulfill some democratic desires . 
  you are still able to have an army , a territory and domestic laws . 
  this is what is left of sovereignty . 
  this solution ( sovereignty and deep economic integration ) is labelled `` golden straightjacket '' . 
  i personally do not believe it to be a stable situation , especially in countries used to democracy , but it is inspired by several countries which followed a dogmatic economic view ( * cough * austerity * cough * ) despite their population 's will , in order to preserve a deeper economic integration . 
  `` for the long term good '' of the population , you follow market trends in a deeply integrated economy . 
  some definitions of sovereign do indeed imply some form of democracy . 
  here the idea is that you have a government that is interested in a high gdp ( because it taxes transactions or because it has shares in many industries ) but disregards the demands of the population and therefore can accept any foreign constraint in this domain . 
  on other domains typical of the sovereignty ( army , national laws , constitution ) the country remains independent . 
   another option is maintain the nation state , but to make it responsive only to the needs of the international economy . 
  this would be a state that would pursue global economic integration at the expense of other domestic objectives . 
  the nineteenth century gold standard provides a historical example of this kind of a state . 
  the collapse of the argentine convertibility experiment of the 1990s provides a contemporary illustration of its inherent incompatibility with democracy . 
  [ link ] ( http://rodrik.typepad.com/dani_rodriks_weblog/2007/06/the-inescapable.html ) basically , you turn your country into a sweatshop dedicated to make the most profitable things out there , without protecting either your domestic market or your local industries , two common demands in democracy . 
  well , that goes without saying . 
  my point is that by so deeply integrating our economies , we either lose democracy or sovereignty . 
  i 'd rather lose the latter than the former , hence my proposal . 
  your population of bible belters do not afraid us . 
  we will unleash the hordes of poles to them and selected breeds of italians . 
  i mean , you may have texas , we have the friggin vatican !, 
  bigots since day one , yo !, 
  and if one pope is not enough , we will make the orthodox charge . 
  if you think religious meddle too much into us politics , meet the people who managed to make russian politics their own bitch . 
  no , guys , seriously , not ubu berlu again ... 
  it will give ideas to sarkozy ... 
  `` sovereignty , democracy , deep economic integration . 
  you may choose two . '', 
  * dani rodrik * ( famous turkish economist ) if this happens , i want the right to vote in us elections . 
  is this kind of score the norm for the far left or is it rising ? 
  sounds that the far left is rising in many countries of southern europe ... 
  i would downvote any french i spot ( not german though , they ... frighten me ), 
   switzerland is a small , rich and homogenous country , with an educated population and high civic sense . 
  do n't forget that they have lived for centuries in this highly democratic system , which may be the cause of several of the characteristics you mention . 
  they are rich because they decided to not take sides in wwi and wwii . 
  they fund education generously , they are picky on immigration and vote several times a year , which may do something to your civic sense . 
  yep , women suffrage happened late . 
  27 years after france ( which is not * that * a long time ) . 
  it required a constitutional change which means that in ** every ** canton , 50 % of the men had to be in favor . 
  they have their own texas , but women voted in cantonal elections far before that ( [ starting in 1959 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/women's_suffrage_in_switzerland#introduction_of_women.27s_suffrage_at_the_cantonal_level ) . 
  actually they had to wait until the early 90s to force every backward canton into accepting this decision . 
  when i hear my grandparents , i wonder if in 1971 50 % of the french males really were in favor of women votes . 
  i still believe it is preferable to wait for a whole population to agree on something to decree it rather than decree it first and force it upon the population . 
  turns out that when you need an approval of the majority , there is a higher incentive on sane education . 
  you also have to admit that such a doubling of the voting population , even legitimate , is a rather unique and irreversible event in the life of a republic . 
  they had to overcome a few safeguards to make it possible . 
  swiss probably are , as a population , a bit misogynistic and xenophobic . 
  probably more , than , say , californians . 
  yet , their system is good . 
  i am not particularly fan of the decisions the swiss make but love how they make it .
