  the fact the woerth couple seemed to cause no concern to sarkozy despite being the exact definition of a conflict of interest is also very saying . 
  * sabotage of justice * : you have to admit that strikes of judges is a fairly rare event in france . 
  tribunals are not known as a leftist bastion ( well , maybe now they are ) please tell me if you really want to go into the discussion about the economic results . 
  this is a long discussion and would enjoy to learn how someone apparently literate about the events can really support sarkozy , but i would totally understand a lack of time or desire for you to do so . 
  i agree that italy 's economic situation is far more disastrous than france , but still maintain that belusconi really looks like sarkozy 's political model . 
  there has been even more important news on the imf front : they admit that they made a mistake in their models , underestimating the weight of government investment in causing a virtuous cycle of growth . 
  they basically say that austerity was a mistake . 
  the imf . 
  i was more interested by the 27 % who made him access to the second round of elections . 
  in the second round , people tend to vote for the people they hate the less . 
  liberal dogmatism , fascination for money , trophy wife , pressure on the justice to be more lenient on white-collar crime , presidential immunity ( while it was chirac 's doing , sarkozy enjoyed it quite a lot ) , political position on the spectrum , integration of civilians in the police ( i personally call that militia ) , sabotage of justice , diverting of public money , influence traffic , obsession with their image in the media . 
  the list is long . 
  indeed sarkozy was not re-elected but had 48 % of the votes , 27 % on the first turn . 
  i wondered who these people were , who could not recognize the last 5 years as bad management . 
  the answer was given by ipsos : mainly catholics . 
  the more practicing , the more likely they were to vote for sarkozy . 
  i wondered the same about sarkozy , who was a closer clone of berlusconi that most people recognize . 
  the reason i found is very simple : religion . 
  something like 80 % of sarkozy 's electorate was religious . 
  i guess the numbers must be similar with sarkozy . 
  i do think that religious people tend to trust authorities more and check facts less ( do i appear as biased here ? ) . 
  so once you are set up on accepting a given news channel as the truth and the rest as propaganda , you have a few dozen percents of voices that are given when you posses some big medias . 
  yes , i am not chocked by that and is a bit sad that this is what we talk more about than about his corruption scandals , his pressures on a judge , on the police , etc. . . 
  the only way sex can be a scandal is because his electorate is mainly traditional conservative who should not accept this , but well , they do ... 
  that 's totally true . 
  not only do people get older in church , but there are also far fewer . 
  they talk about helping the poor , but here the biggest charity for poor people is `` les restos du coeur '' , a secular non-profit made by a humorist ( who happened to be anti-clerical ) . 
  i do think that the pedophilia scandals really hit the church harder than they admit . 
  i had catholic friends who refused to admit that any priest could ever have inappropriate behaviors with children or cover up such actions . 
  on the english version of this poll , it was debatable whether or not people understood the word `` revolves '' correctly . 
  as long as we will be teaching little girls that their value as a human is their value as a mother , there is no reason that these stats will change . 
  my experience shows that the resistance to changing this meme mainly comes from women . 
  i while fight overt sexism every place i find it ( i consider myself a feminist despite having testicles ) , but i honestly doubt that suppressing male sexism would make the gender ratio of ceos 50/50 or the employment rate equal . 
  the fact that [ single women earn more than single men ] ( http://www.time.com/time/business/article/0,8599,2015274,00.html ) shows clearly that the issue is not sexism , but the way motherhood ( and parenthood ) is considered and managed in our society . 
  good to see women having a day per year , as long as we keep the 364 others , of course ... why is n't it named `` women 's rights day '' instead ? 
  women make up 50 % of the world population , having a single day for them is quite insulting . 
  i hereby declare summer and autumn to be womens days and winter and springtime to be mens day . 
  viviane reding has an excellent record on privacy matters , unfortunately , she is just one person and ca n't talk in the name of the eu . 
  hey mate !, 
  are you still [ machine-gunning emus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ) ? 
  you are an inspiration for ecosystems regulators , do you know that ? 
  i would rather do without predators that can attack humans . 
  depending on the problem you are trying to solve , hunters can be seen as a better solution . 
  yes , that ( and the fact that we can easily switch to an alternative when necessary ) is why i do think that the current situation is acceptable . 
  i really thought they had removed the record from the root servers . 
  i still wonder how the icann could be expected to resist an order by the us government . 
  i do n't have any other example . 
  maybe the pressure around the . xxx tld but there is no proof of real pressure like there has been over easydns during the wikileaks debacle . 
  using famine as a weapon of war or even repression is a war crime , but not really a genocide in the common understanding of the term , is it ? 
   in western countries , communism failed mostly because the army was strong enough to quell any revolution . 
  strange . 
  this is a remarkably insightful explanation i have never read anywhere . 
  i always assume a lack of popular support , but a better organized army and police may be the reason . 
  the un-decided restrictions would be much harder to enforce , especially if it is decided specifically that there would be no restrictions and if it was well specified under which conditions a record can be refused . 
  but i agree , there is no political will for this to happen , and if it were to be managed by un , they would probably restrain the icann more than it is currently . 
   yes , i 'm aware . 
  but it would change every time you switched connections . 
  why ca n't you have an alternate dns server on a static address ? 
   i do n't think the true problem is the technical limitations of people though , it 's getting the information out to the technologically limited people in the first place i remember that when people began to understand that they could download songs then movies for free , a lot of them suddenly managed to install obscure software . 
  if there is a way to go around a restriction on porn browsing , be sure that every teenager in the world will find a way to learn enough to do the 4 clicks that are necessary . 
  this was during a military disaster , and this was a single town against a whole country . 
  this was a revolution that failed , i do n't think it existed for long enough to attribute its failure to the communist ideology . 
  it has to follow any silly anti-terrorist law that the us senate passes . 
  the latest episode was them removing the wikileaks domain out of us pressure . 
  the way to change it is simple : create an organization outside the reach of any tribunal that has a very clear process for accepting/refusing dns records : they put a price of each tld and only accept people who pay . 
  to be outside the reach of any legal system , it would need to be done by the un . 
  i doubt however that it would ever happen , so now we live with the fact that us laws apply even if you do n't want business with us but also with the fact that it is easy to circumvent . 
  the changes takes really 2 minutes if you are not tech savvy . 
  and if necessary , an application could do it for you , web browser could come with plugins to do that . 
  you just have to change the dns server you use . 
  if you want , i can send you a . bat file that does it for you automatically . 
  yes , and i think that this law will never be voted . 
  such things crop from time to time . 
  this is democracy at work : some silly laws are proposed , refused , and we examine the next one . 
  a more correct title would be `` eu to vote against porn ban '' . 
  the likelihood of such thing passing is really low . 
  continue to sleep well , and install tor , just in case . 
  it is bad that anyone controls so much of internet . 
  however , usa only controls icann and therefore dns registries , whose importance is really overblown . 
  a 2 minutes manipulation on windows ( and a single command line under linux ) allows to bypass any restriction that would happen on that level . 
  i think this is for the simple historical reason is that stalin has been an ally against nazism in wwii . 
  there is also the fact that ( correct me if i am wrong ) stalin killed many people in labor camp , which is slightly less evil than designing industrial factories for just killing people . 
  gulags were not concentration camps , even if they come close . 
  also , did stalin commit genocide ? 
  i am unsure about this one . 
  i know that there was some paranoid random killings and very arbitrary ways of labelling someone a political opponent , but i do not think he tried to genocide any population . 
  in the end , i agree that these are bad reasons to consider stalin a good guy or even a less evil dictator than hitler was , but these are the reasons i think . 
  an interesting aspect about marx writings is that he envisioned communist revolutions in developed and more educated countries that already were democracies . 
  instead it happened in poor and uneducated countries that went often from medieval to communist systems . 
  i wonder how it would have turned out if the first communist revolution happened in a country where anyone could understand why the cheka ( the secret political police with a licence to kill outside of any trial , which would later become the kgb ) was a really bad idea . 
  do we really hate nazism ? 
  national-socialism is not either on its `` socialist '' side . 
  actually , many of the socialist part of the nazi program would fit naturally in a left-wing program . 
  what is hated is the bigoted racism and the authoritarianism . 
  soviet government only had the second part , but anyone asking for an authoritarian government is frowned upon . 
  the thing about communism is that some people believe that it can be done in a non-authoritarian way . 
  they may be wrong , but in an idealistic way . 
  they can be viewed as naive , but not mean or violent . 
  most neo-nazi today are mostly interested in the racist or the authoritarian parts , that are more directly opposed . 
  it is easier to see how communism may be compatible with democracy than how nazism may be .
