  i think this is the core difference . 
  there are , on the other hand , small stalinist or maoist parties , and these are quite disliked too . 
  no , the morning is my enemy  actually when abroad , i enjoy a `` breakfast '' as we say in french : sausages and eggs , some omelette ... 
  i did not see much difference in energy ... 
  [ this ] ( http://www.chocablog.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/milka-daim-2.jpg ) inside [ this ] ( http://www.parlons2jeux.com/wp-content/uploads/pasquier_pain1.jpg ) . 
  microwave for 15 seconds . 
  i used to drown this under coffee but i am slowing down my consumption now . 
  exactly . 
  i mean the ability to make phone call , to get my number and browse my contacts . 
  well greece shows that the trigger threshold for this to happen is quite low . 
  sure , go ahead , 
  solidarity does not mean comfort . 
  `` we will not let you die out of hunger '' is not the same as `` we will preserve your current standard of living '' . 
  i do n't know czech communist , but i doubt that their program is just `` to everyone according to his needs , from everone according to his abilities '' i started voting for far-left parties when i actually read well-constructed programs that appeared more centrist than radical to me . 
  i would call them center-left with a questioning about several economic dogmas . 
  hell , our far-left party does not even call for nationalization of banks !, 
  it was part of what the right wing did just after the war !, 
  `` to everyone according to his needs '' is indeed an ideal state that no party pretends to be able to achieve overnight , but it offer a guide in how to tame free markets into a bit more of fairness . 
  this is behind the idea that firs necessities should be taxed less than luxury for instance . 
  or that people fired for economical reasons deserve a compensation . 
  most people agree with this to some extent . 
  let them complain ... and put a link to any agency that would make stats about a bigger european area . 
  there would be morphine but my guess is that it is not available in pharmacies but only in hospitals in surgery departments . 
  yeah , their application asks for communications access . 
  no thanks , i 'll access to the overlords ' data through the website . 
  but , there is a strong case to put a link on the sidebar ... 
   are you sure about that ? 
  they did n't say `` our goal is to dismantle public healthcare '' ( actually they did say things close to that off the record ) they simply funded healthcare less , restricted the people who could have access to it , made it harder to get reimbursments , made the reimbursement lower , reduced the number of people working in this service . 
  in practice , they put a lot of incentive to get a private healthcare . 
   however , parents should be able to send their kids to private schools with no extra charge . 
  ok , i see what you mean . 
  i would n't mind this system much but still oppose it for one simple reason : most private schools in france are religious and your proposal would allow the public financing of religious organizations , which is contrary to our constitution . 
  i would have personally no problem with the state offering vouchers to private and secular schools , but i see how this could offend people who would want their children to have a religious education and see the state like taxing only their religious belief . 
  there is a number of non-religious private schools that already receive subsidies from the government . 
  i think that given our constitution this is more the way to go : parents who put their kids to private school still pay more , but a part of the cost is absorbed by the state . 
  it is normal that they pay more , as private schools here usually have better equipment and better paid teachers . 
  i agree that it is how it should work . 
  i have seen that it is not how it works . 
  most , yes . 
  100 % of the muslims i have talked to love the separation of religion and government that we have in france . 
  maybe i am just talking to a small portion of smart people , but the thing is that your kind would prevent these well educated and smart people , who sometimes are officially muslims because they would be beaten in their home country if they criticized religion , from coming to my country . 
  get the head out of your ass , and count the number of muslims in your country who speak your own native language vs the number who try to force everyone to speak theirs . 
  get numbers , man . 
  immigrants who do not put their children in the education system of the country they immigrated to are very rare . 
  yes , they come with their culture , yes , they also have a different language , but if your culture is afraid of waterpipes and kebabs , it must be a very weak culture with nothing very compelling inside ... 
  i can tell you that most immigrants i have seen in france , despite your kind who spit on them in the street , despite the rampant racism in police , despite hostile administration , love france , love its values , love the fact that you can be welcomed without ( too much ) prejudice . 
  and the last thing they want to see in france is sharia law . 
  if the choice is between : 1 . ), 
  angering the electorate by voting agaisnt their will in order to get a compromiser 2 . ), 
  angering the electorare by participating in a stalemate of the country i think that most politicians would choose 2 . as it leaves the possibility to blame the other side . 
   the question is , would it be universal ? 
  was the insurance supposed to be compulsory ? 
  what would happen if you could n't afford it ? 
  it would n't be compulsory ( right now you are free to not have any private health insurance ) and it would n't cover non-paying consumers . 
  so if you could not afford it , a simple operation , even life-saving , would put you under debts . 
   that 's what i mean . 
  you pay for education in taxes but if you want to send your kid to a private school , you ca n't use that money and have to pay separately . 
  that 's not right . 
  that 's called a state and life in a society . 
  i pay for the roads i do n't use . 
  i pay for the army i do n't like . 
  i pay for the enforcement of laws i do n't like . 
  i do think it is right , but the day when a majority believes like you do that it is not right , they will change the rules and i will abide by the new ones . 
  i do believe however , that on various aspects , even if you do n't have children that need schooling , it is worth paying a bit more to live in a country where even the poorest people have basic education . 
  it cuts costs on police , justice , prison , and dynamizes the economy . 
   you make it sound as if they were going to just cripple the public schools and give nothing instead . 
  what was their rationale ? 
  what were they going to do with the money it saved ? 
  please there rationale was : there are too much public workers ( i could agree on this statement ) . 
  there solution was : let 's just not replace half of the public workers who go into retirement . 
  in every field , in every domain , with no discrimination . 
  really . 
  that was how they implemented it : half the posts where people would go into retirement would not be replaced . 
  this brought chaos into tribunals . 
  they squeezed the public services by slow attrition . 
  i could also be cynical and point out that sarkozy 's brother leads one of the biggest private healtcare/welfare group in france , but that would be trash talking , of course ... 
  they have a dogmatic distaste with the notion that any mission could be more efficiently handled as a public service than by a public sector . 
   you paid for education in taxes but it only covers public institutions . 
  if you want to choose a private school , you have to pay double for it . 
  i want to live in a country where people know how to count , read , have a basic grasp of history and economy before they are allowed to vote . 
  i am willing to pay for that , as is the majority of the population . 
  i am willing to do so even though i do n't have kids and would probably homeschool them if i had rather than putting them into the education system . 
  the point you make is one of the core debates in a democracy : what should be paid by the state ( i.e. 
  by everyone ) and what should be a matter of personal choice . 
  your opinion is defensible , but you should n't present it as the only fair one . 
  a reasonnable argument can also be made for the opposite opinion . 
  namely , that every child deserves an education , regardeless of their parents ' financial situation . 
  public school is not just a service offered to parents , but also and foremost to children . 
  and it is considered in most countries , including mine , like a human right to have basic education . 
  therefore , if you accept this notion ( you are free to disagree , but then it is the majority who gets to decide ) then a public service has to exist . 
  i. . . am not even sure what you are talking about . 
  public healthcare , like private healthcare , has rules about what you need to do in order to get reimbursed . 
  private healtcares to complement the public healthcare are common . 
  what the right tried to do , is not to replace public healthcare with a voucher system , but to remove altogether public healthcare and let people choose their own private healthcare that they pay for monthly . 
  with education , you usually either put your children to a public school or to a private school , but you still have the choice in france , and this is a good thing . 
  however public school is free , private school is paid for . 
  the ump tried to make public school less functional and less funded . 
  what are you talking about removing the freedom of choice when funding healthcare and public school ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  you make the assumption that these guys have the maturity to make a political debate and to actually change opinions based on arguments ...
