  i think it is interesting and telling the amount of people who believe that the people should not really given any meaningful amount of power . 
  yep , the independence of the media is a core issue in a democracy . 
  this is why the plurality of sources is important . 
  that is why internet is such an important tool . 
  i am sure that the media will be flooded with bad advices . 
  that 's ok , democracy still works . 
  look at the referendum on the eu constitution : every media was saying `` you have to vote yes ! '', 
  and no still won . 
  in the end of the day , you do believe in the wisdom of the crowds or you do n't . 
  but if you do n't , please tell me why you do believe in any form of democracy then . 
   it 's stronger because the representatives are better informed . 
  because of their qualification and experience they know how to best consider all the ramifications of implementing their decisions . 
  i am extremely doubtful of this claim . 
  politicians are usually full-time politicians with little in-depth knowledge about anything else . 
  and anything else include economics , military , it , diplomatic , agricultural , managerial fields . 
  when they need information about a field , they call experts , and as they are surrounded by lobbyists , most of the time , this is what they get . 
   the problem with direct democracy is that discrimination would be worse . 
  gay marriage or lgbt rights in general would n't have stood a chance if the decision was up to the majority . 
  well here and in many other places , it would have happened earlier if the majority decision was respected . 
  and in 2 or 3 years , we would have pot legalization . 
   it gives the freedom of direct democracy whilst giving some of the benefits of meritocracy . 
  the only merit is the merit of being able to attract votes and walk your way on the top of the candidate list in internal party politics . 
  people do not get into position of power because of their talents . 
  i 'll change as few words as possible in your argumentation to make it stand against representative democracy . 
  please tell me what you think of it :  in fairness , representative democracy has its bad points . 
  the problem is that letting the representatives decide is only good if the representatives actually know what is good for the people . 
  the fears people have with the lack of eu referendum are more that people are going to vote for someone who promises to exit the eu without fully understanding the ramifications of the decision . 
  [ the second paragraph can be left as it is ]  in its purest form , democracy is mob rule by the ignorant . 
  if you have a majority of ignorant , then yes , this is what any kind of democracy is . 
  but if it becomes crucial to take the good decision that the population is informed about the real problems , be sure that the medias will soon become flooded with information and pressing advices . 
  you are right , the european declaration on human rights has an exception for enforcing `` morals '' in its article about freedom of expression . 
  and suddenly raided for a `` very good reason '' , choose your pick : aiding terrorists , helping pedophiles , trafficking drugs . 
  thanks , that clears it up . 
  and i thought that the laws about pornography in france were fucked up !, 
  uk is a step forward there !, 
  on the internet part , this is more than worrying . 
  rulers do not like free medias . 
  free medias make debacles like wikileaks possible . 
  i really do think that there is not much more there than that . 
  `` fight the terrorist '' is now a bit overused as an excuse so `` protect the children '' is now the prevailing excuse . 
  if such a system is put into place , it will be abused from day 1 . 
  it is as certain as the fact that it wo n't prevent teenagers from downloading porn . 
  do n't underestimate the possibilities of an idiot in a position of power . 
  different case , but this may very well be unacceptable by the rules as well . 
   the great thing about the internet is that its international , they may block domestic access but peple can just switch to a foreign server and get the same content . 
  only as long as there are free country from where to host the contents . 
  hell , some websites have to even be allowed to make revenue streams from their content . 
  would reddit , with its porn subreddits , be allowed to be a company in uk ? 
  this is very important . 
  historically , this has been how the government took control of workers ' press in the 19th century : not by outlawing it , but by making it difficult for it to exist in an financially independent way . 
  the existence of technological workarounds should not be seen as acceptable solutions . 
  petition your government to change these absurd laws . 
  is that compatible with eu rules ? 
   they 'll have to trust the politicians who may be in favour of it , or may use fear mongering to further their agenda . 
  i 'll tell you a secret . 
  politicians do have advisers , as you notices , and they have to trust these . 
  the adviser may be in favour , or may use fear mongering to further its agenda . 
  one more option is made available by representative democracy : corruption . 
  if direct democracy is installed , voters will use the exact same sources of information than politicians do . 
  there will be also manipulation attempts . 
  lobbyists will turn to medias as well . 
  but i have never been convinced that the battle for public opinion would be an easier battle for them than the battle for the representatives ' votes . 
  when you know that in brussels there are 5 lobbyists for 1 mep , i honestly doubt that it would make the situation worse . 
   the second particularly makes me think that this bill could come down to prejudices . 
  actually , no such law has ever been applied without prejudice . 
  lgbt groups is the perfect example : lgbt define themselves around a sexual practice and identity . 
  ruling which that a practice is `` extreme '' is a political act . 
  and will only work as long as some countries have internet freedom and your country does n't block vpns like china does . 
  technical solutions are just workarounds here . 
  the problem and the solution are both political . 
  get this idiot out of office . 
   the possession of `` extreme pornography '' , which includes scenes of simulated rape , is to be outlawed . 
  so , no bdsm in uk ? 
  who gets to draw the lines between pornograpy and extreme pornography ? 
  what will be the appeal system when , inevitably , a political website gets censored because of these laws ? 
  yes , i used to believe it meant `` false promises '' , but now it just means `` popular promises '' . 
  however , i still fail to see how representative democracy is stronger against these . 
  i was merely showing how your argument ( which i think is wrong ) could be turned into an argument against democracy as a whole . 
  actually , most of the arguments against direct democracy apply to representative democracy . 
  actually , i do n't know what `` populist '' means in your country , but in mine the meaning of this word has strangely shifted . 
  it know means `` promise things that the people want . '', 
  i do n't see how this is supposed to be a bad thing ? 
  i do n't see how any candidate does not qualify . 
  agreed , and i downvoted the article . 
  yet i 'd like to point out that berlin is a different beast than germany . 
  people and local governments there have their own mentality . 
  i only know berlin , and most germans i have met told me that i have never really been to germany yet . 
  germany is an open history book of the 20th centuries ' mistakes . 
  i think snowden ( but more importantly , assange or swartz ) have a lot of supporters there . 
  it is however , probably not the safest haven . 
  democracy is bad because society can easily be co-opted by populists, 
  well , is it because people do not care that elections are rare , or is it because elections are rare that people care on an infrequent basis ? 
  none of the people i know stop having political opinions on national issues out of the election periods . 
  give people the right to vote on smaller issue , and i am sure a lot of people will get interested in those . 
  in france no one cared about the rules of eu until we were asked to vote on the eu `` constitution '' through referendum . 
  then people became passionate about it . 
  want people to get interested in politics ? 
  give them a way to make decisions that count . 
  i do n't which bill you are talking about . 
  just google `` uk veto eu '' and you will find many articles about different issues .
