  the sad part is that they usually engage people who are not especially violent . 
  damn , we would need new phonemes for some of these , 
   french is incredibly beautiful but i just ca n't progress beyond basic conversation or ordering in a restaurant . 
  this means you have n't reached the level to understand what the waiter mumbles grudgingly to you . 
  there is a threshold of understanding after which french is not beautiful anymore . 
  german may sound unpleasant , but if you live in paris , it is useful to know at least once every century  ( i am one of the weirdos who actually enjoy the german language ), 
  english . 
  i know my fellow froggies will burn me down for this , but english is the best language , not because it is beautiful , not because it is efficient , but because it allows me to communicate with other fellow humans all over the world . 
  i used it to talk in real life to japaneses , koreans , chineses , americains , germans , czechs , australians , indians , bengladis , and on internet it makes it possible to not even know your interlocutor 's nationality . 
  any * lingua franca * will be my favortie , so english ftw . 
  actually in french we have an adorable newspeak expression for tax avoidance that i do n't think is used in english : we call it `` optimisation fiscale '', 
  how is it in english ? 
  tax avoidance = legal/gray zone and tax evasion = fiscal fraud ? 
  if so , yes . 
  this is so obviously in the interest of every country that i do n't understand why it is not done yet . 
  this is a clear fight between peoples ' interest and corruption . 
  sarkozy already promised to work on that with laughable results . 
  i hope this time it will succeed . 
  tax evasion is the main reason why some decent fiscal policies are impossible in many countries . 
  i did n't find a picture of this . 
  too bad . 
  i often disagreed with him but more than once he raised a voice on insightful issues when the majority of eu was remaining silent . 
  i really enjoyed his call to solve the greek-turk conflict over cyprus in order to solve greece 's finances . 
  `` collective rights '' is a less offensive rewording of `` privilege '' . 
  people always tried in history to get some privileges , either individually or through a group . 
  this is such an instance . 
  how so ? 
  how could have they handled the events better ? 
  my understanding is that without any power available to pump water , there was not much they could do . 
  this is not about being difficult , but about being desirable . 
  i think that obama ama may have a historical interest for future historians . 
  if the next hitler is a redditor , this too may be of value . 
  any country can be a candidate to the eu . 
  then it is the commission and council which decides if a candidate is suitable . 
  one of the criterion is to be european , without any definition . 
  a proximity of culture may be arguable as a good enough criterion . 
  the right to be forgotten go much farther than that . 
  it is about any identifying information , including public one . 
  it could impose reddit to delete every post i wrote after a 5 years lag for instance . 
  we already have laws ( in france at least but i think it was a european thing ) to deny companies the right to collect informations for longer than necessary . 
  let 's start by applying these laws , and see how hard it is to make a us or caribbean company comply . 
  private informations that companies forces us to give can be protected by this right to be forgotten , but i think it is * very * dangerous to propose that an information that has been released publicly , even involuntary , has to be protected by this law . 
  what is published on internet can not be forgotten unless we change radically the nature of internet . 
  i wish lawmakers understood that point , and before they do , i am unwilling to push for something that may confuse them for very little gain . 
  it is worse than that . 
  saint-pierre-et-miquelon is a group of islands near canada . 
  our maritime zone touches canada 's , and it has been agreed that the limit between these zones passes in the middle of a very small islet . 
  therefore , on this islet , there is a terrestrial border between canada and france . 
  this is , of course , just while we wait that quebec secedes and joins eu ... 
  also , we have a ( very small this one ) terrestrial border with canada . 
  i think that peter `` the last pope '' is linked to the apocalypse , but i ca n't find the reference ... 
  this one is special . 
  we have our new doomsday prophecy : according to the [ prophecy of the popes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prophecy_of_the_popes ) , the next one will be the last one before the end of the world . 
  i wonder if the nutjobs will switch from mayas to this . 
  i , for one , see this disappearance as a good thing . 
  this right is simply not enforceable . 
  i would love to have it , but it seems it is impossible to enforce without giving someone power to censor any information on internet . 
  one does not simply erase a public information from internet . 
  i prefer we focus on real issues with real solutions . 
  give any citizen the possibility to authenticate themselves pseudonymously , give any citizen the right to sue companies that do not secure their private data , forbid asking for too personal data in many businesses , etc. . . 
  does ` population ' means ` residents ' or ` citizens ' ? 
  it is an interesting bit of trivia to know that france 's longest border is with brazil . 
  in restaurant , when you got good service , you can round up the amount in order to give a tip but this is totally optional . 
  `` here be dragons '' . 
  maybe it is my french genes , but looking at germany on this map made me think `` seriously , do n't go there '', 
  which means that if you disagree , you do n't really have any other choice than voting for things like the pirate party or other parties who integrated their program . 
  what is roi ? 
  i honestly do n't know which agreements are already in place . 
  you can enter any country of the schengen area without a visa if you are from uk ? 
  indeed , it sounds strange then to accept the schengen treaty . 
  actually schengen is not a totally no-border zone . 
  border checks still exist , and while they are not systematic , there are active patrols on the netherlands borders in strategical times . 
  schengen just says that a passport from any country of the area allows you to enter and live indefinitely in another country of the area . 
  it does n't say that you are exempt of entry controls . 
  there is still a difference between a passport/id check and the need for a visa . 
  but ultimately , it is a matter of scot 's choice to know if they prefer to stay in a totally no-border zone with uk or if they want to have a schengen passport . 
  i am wondering how easy it will be to keep a free border with uk once you begin to have different laws . 
  imagine that one legalizes cannabis or handguns and the other do n't . 
  i doubt that this is a very stable situation in the long term . 
  i do n't see how they are mutually exclusives . 
  a scottish passport would allow to travel in all uk and all eu , a eu passport would allow to visit scotland , and a uk passport would allow to visit scotland . 
  i do n't understand the logic here . 
  the schengen agreement is not just about the difficulty of watching a territorial border or managing queues at airports . 
  it is about the ability for citizens to move accross eu without asking for a visa and to stay as long as they want in another eu country . 
  it benefits both uk citizens wanting to come to another eu country , and to eu citizens wanting to go to uk . 
   despicable as the actions may be , you ca n't just prosecute people if they have not committed a crime . 
  i do n't know in greece , but treason is a crime in mine . 
  when you knowingly act against the interest of the state , while leading it , you are liable . 
  let them stand in trial , have their `` i was too dumb to see this was a bad idea proposed by corrupt people '' defense broadcast , and let judges and electorate decide if it is applicable . 
   well , this process is under way and i explained to you the reasons why it is not as fast as you 'd think . 
  the complaint on speed was more or less a rhetorical question . 
  i know first hand how hard it is to start a small party and gain traction . 
  i still wish more people just refused to vote for the responsible of this crisis . 
  i wish that it was eliminatory to have been part of the failing government . 
   and i am again reminded of that map that was linked a while ago of what the european map would look like , if all separatist movements ever had had their way . 
  but what would the euro zone map would look like if this movement had it its way ? 
  are n't scots more europhile than uk ? 
  it could result in a clearer situation for eu : the rest of uk finally leaves , officializing their stance on about every european proposal , and scotland joins the schengen and euro zone that uk refused for so long . 
   which instance of fraud on national accounting are you referring to ? 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-debt-crisis-how-goldman-sachs-helped-greece-to-mask-its-true-debt-a-676634.html )  also , which party are the people supposed to vote for instead ?
