  saudi dollars can be used hundreds of time without coming back to the us . 
  by what strange magic do you think that money always comes back to its country of emission ? 
  chineses ' situation improve , that is for sure . 
  this is because there is a ( quickly closing ) gap between what they will accept as a pay and what an industry can afford for labor . 
  however , without the right to cross borders , or with the acceptance of forced labor in the manufacturing of export goods , you create an equilibrium state where social dumping can occur without the `` slaves '' situation having any reason to improve . 
   in the last decade global inequality ( between countries ) has decreased for the first time since the industrial revolution . 
  interesting statistics . 
  i did not know that . 
  but the globalization is not a recent trend , it is at least 100 years old ( some would say 200 or even 300 ) . 
  if true , why is it that this is the first time that inequality decreases ? 
   do realize the fundamental reason why this ca n't happen ? 
  the welfare state . 
  milton friedman explained it brilliantly . 
  the welfare state in japan and france are roughly similar . 
  you wo n't get a difference that offsets the price of a plane ticket . 
  note however , that friedman 's point can be made almost without modification on the flow of capital . 
  making people able to move physically makes them able to benefit from better welfare in different countries . 
  making capital able to move accross borders makes it possible to benefit from lower taxes in different countries . 
  this is , however , a completely moot point : welfare abuse is not about immigration , it is about nationality acquisition . 
  if you are concerned that your welfare system is too generous for immigrants , force them to keep their home country 's system . 
  quite simple , are actually what is done in many cases . 
  i wish we made the same thing for funds . 
   on the one hand the french populace gets for 15 fr iron and a book and on the second one the french populace only gets iron for such amount . 
  your accounting is incomplete . 
  in the end of the first scenario , the french populace get : - iron - a book - 5 fr in the second one they get : - iron - 15 fr add one iteration and you have iron/2 books/5 fr in the first scenario and iron/3 books/15 fr in the second one . 
  another way of counting would be to count how much wage was paid to the french populace in both scenarios and what goods were acquired . 
  in which case , the second iteration becomes iron / 2 books/10 fr in and iron/3 books/30 fr the example you chose clearly shows how tariffs favor the domestic economy . 
  i continue to think that this is a quite simplfying example that makes far too much assumptions , but it does not even prove your point . 
   as for the 10 fr that went abroad , what about it ? 
  the belgians wo n't bury it in the garden nor throw it out at sea , they 'll use it to buy french made products , the 10 fr would come back into the french economy sooner or later and indirectly then stimulate french production in some other area other than iron . 
  how do you know ? 
  the example , as it is laid out , only talks about an advantage of belgian to export iron . 
  it is fair to assume symmetrical exchanges on all the other goods . 
  there is no mechanism that says that imports and exports of countries are exactly matched . 
  the difference is called [ balance of trade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balance_of_trade ) . 
  when usa buys oil to saudi arabia with dollars , saudis do not have an obligation to spend it on us goods . 
  they buy cars in germany , clothes in china , power plants in france , and maybe some iphones in us . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't see how this example prove anything else than my point . 
  here is m. bonhomme with his 15 fr . 
  no tariff : - he puts 10 fr in belgian iron - he puts 5 fr in a french book with tariff : - he puts 15 fr in a french book how hard is it to realize that in the first case 10 fr have left the french economy and that in the second one they stay inside ? 
  i agree that the world benefits from no tariff anywhere , but a single nation can , through asymmetrical tariff , gain an advantage . 
  this is simple logic and even your example does not deny that . 
  your example shows that there is indeed a hidden cost to tariffs , especially in the case where it causes a monopoly ( a condition that i expressly mentioned as undesirable ) . 
   and yet the people will continue to have those goods and the income they would have otherwise spent on stuff1 - the industry of stuff2 , 3 or 4 would benefit as the consumers would now have more disposable income and buy more from these sectors . 
  ok i stopped reading from there . 
  if you ca n't grasp the notion that having less jobs cause a decrease of income , i ca n't convince you of anything . 
   and a will be worse off how ? 
  they 'll have cheaper `` stuff '' and will be able to focus on producing `` other stuff '' , that 's better for them . 
  well , the collapse of their stuff1 industry removes the revenues of a part of the population . 
  repeat this process with stuff2 , stuff3 ... stuffn until this becomes a problem on the national level . 
   because lack of free trade helps in promoting domestic monopolies and oligopolies . 
  maybe , but this is in the very long term and assuming a government that actually lets such monopolies happen . 
  these are assumptions that are far from being automatic , especially in a government interested enough in economics to exploit the ability of imposing asymmetric tariffs . 
   what about the consumers of b who will have to pay higher prices for `` stuff '' how so ? 
  local competition will drive prices down anyway . 
   the unemployment that will cause in the `` other stuff '' sector ? 
  how so ? 
  we assumed no tariffs in the `` other stuff '' sector . 
   what matters in the end is the price and the quality of their products . 
  both characteristics can be helped by economics of scale ( how do we say that in english ? 
  : advantage coming from higher volumes of production ) . 
  in many industries , your statement is false : the size of the market does matter and can lower costs ( including the cost of a higher quality ) through access to bigger markets . 
  i guess it is a problem of narratives . 
  usa can occasionally accept to not be # 1 but certainly not rank lower than any of its enemies . 
  i tried once . 
  the main problem that makes such a metric unacceptable is that cuba rises above usa in that case . 
  i really do believe this kind of stuff is why gdp per capita is integrated in hdi . 
  consider the case where only the `` stuff '' gets tariffs . 
  if b has a surplus production of stuff , it will be able to feed the local market and export to a at a lower price than companies from a , who will not be able to compete ( actually this situation happens in the agricultural sector of many poor countries that ca n't compete with usa and europe ) `` stuff '' will be bought by citizens of b locally at the same price as if theyre was no tariff and all other goods does not suffer import taxes . 
   the national monopolies will often not be able to cope in foreign markets why are you assuming monopolies ? 
  there can be a competition of several companies from b , this is even the best option . 
  they all would have a competitive advantadge over companies from a : access to a bigger market . 
    the trade balance would shift to their advantage , as their product could be sold in europe but not the reverse . 
   what about it ? 
  it would be their loss that they 'd be `` protected '' against lower prices . 
  actually , it would advantage their industries . 
  imagine a and b , two similarly sized countries . 
  a does not impose tariffs on imports , b does , at 20 % . 
  `` stuff '' is made by both countries , at roughly the same cost . 
  companies in a can only sell on a 's market while companies in b can sell it to both a and b market . 
  if this is an industry ( like many industries ) when economies of scale apply , companies in b will be more competitive . 
  apply this to enough industries and the loss of purchasing power that the tariff brings is quickly offset by the competitive advantage . 
  better yet : only impose tariffs on incoming goods that you try to be competitive on . 
  i am against protectionism . 
  i am for free trade , for free circulation of information , goods , capital and people . 
  i am a pro-gloablization person . 
  i do believe that lowering borders will bring a better world . 
  this is not what this kind of treaties do . 
  the evils of globalization only exist when you replace barriers by filters . 
  right now , funds flow without any problem from any country to any country . 
  bitcoin will probably even make it technically impossible to prevent it . 
  ideas are almost as free to travel . 
  here again , technical progress makes this almost irreversible . 
  goods , thanks to treaties like this one , are becoming a lot more easier to circulate . 
  in absolute , this is a good thing , but in practice , the fourth point makes it dangerous : people ca n't travel freely . 
  oh sure , as a tourist , you can go to almost any country for a limited time , but do not expect to be able to work everywhere , to buy a house , to participate in politics ... 
  this assymetry in free crossing of borders turns what should have been an equalization of world economies into the social dumping economy we have of today . 
  jail workers in a country and prevent them from finding better situations abroad , but allow goods and capital to flow and you have a despicable slave economy . 
  well , this is not a problem with japan , but still ... as a japanese citizen consort , i wish that it was as easy to get the right to live in eu for them than it is to send money to a bank account .
