  honest proposals to solve that through cheese fondue contests were left unanswered . 
  well air is drier too on top of peaks ... 
  historical events are often simpler than they appear in retrospect . 
  yes , a lot of people from the upper class abandonned monarchist claims when they saw that a republic could very well manage to defend their interests as well but i do really think that the silly divide between monarchists was the apparent and real reason why the 3rd republic could exist . 
  the fact that the republic catered to the wealthy was just another nail in the coffin . 
   france have also orl\u00e9anist and bonapartist pretenders . 
  yes , but he is less glamour . 
  `` count of paris '' is a cool title though . 
  http://www4.pictures.gi.zimbio.com/henri+philippe+pierre+marie+orleans+duc+de+jtga1o5lt3bl.jpg on the bonaparte side , i would be very surprised if there was only one pretender . 
  it is noteworthy however that it is thanks to the division between orleanists and bourbon that france is now a republic . 
  monarchists were a majority in 1871 but they did not manage to form a coalition so republicans proclaimed the republic . 
  thanks guys !, 
  to be honest , i fail to see how eu beats that system currently . 
  at least in russia , there is one person who can plan and implement a long term strategy . 
  if it comes to that , chinese planes will do all the connexions to china and european companies will do lines like beijing-tokyo . 
  it would be a funny situation actually . 
  well , what i see is that churchill thought that elected representative sometimes voted out of passion and not out of a reason and that for some decisions a two-rounds process is necessary , which i agree with . 
  churchill is not proposing that directly elected people should be replaced by less directly elected with ( or if he does , i disagree he gave valid reasons to do so ) . 
  i think that what he points out is a reasonable criticism of any democratic system : you sometimes need to have several rounds of voting to be sure about something . 
  true in direct democracy and true in indirect one as well . 
   how can this be acceptable in this situation when russia is sending troops to ukraine and is responsible for downing the mh17 ? 
  the people considering it acceptable are usually those who consider that a corporate contract should be valued over diplomatic positions . 
  this is very much a state vs business issue . 
  another argument is that it did cost france quite a while to build this ship ( 10 years worth of nato 's membership ) and it would like to recover its costs . 
  my opinion is that france could swallow the costs ( let 's make us pay for sarkozy 's mistake who considered putin a trustworthy ally to do business with . 
  that was stupid on his part and it is our fault if we have rotten contracts like that now . ), 
  but that in exchange eu should bitch a bit less about budget deficits or at least remove this cost from the deficit calculations . 
  i am not against the idea that people who could not predict correctly who to trust should get hurt in their finances . 
  maybe it will finally make foreign relations an important topic in elections ? 
  that would be a bold move , and it would mark history . 
  let 's not assume that because something opposes ambient inertia it ca n't possibly happen . 
  a eu army in response against russian moves would get a lot of traction in eastern states . 
  we tend to underestimate their political influence . 
  that would actually be one hell of an event . 
  i am all ~ ~ turned on ~ ~ for it now . 
  yeah , let 's call one the berezina !, 
  ( technically a victory ), 
  it is like saying that nsa spying on european leaders ca n't cease until al-quaeda stops bombing people . 
  i hate that ( lack of ) logic . 
  being civilized is not a contest to just be the # 2 in the assholery contest . 
  the thing is , most candidates for the parliament , in a lot of countries do not make laws or a living : they have other jobs , often totally unrelated to the legislative process . 
  what politicians do , when drafting a law , is asking the help of specialists . 
  heh , citizens voting on law drafts will end up doing the same . 
   and have well though out stances on the various issues facing the nation you may have very good politicians in portugal then , but in france `` well thought out stances '' is the opposite of what most politicians pass as opinions . 
  like i said , you can criticize democracy . 
  there are plenty of ways to criticize it . 
  but criticizing direct democracy and preferring it representative democracy , i have never seen that done correctly . 
  i fail to see how churchill 's quote criticizes direct democracy ? 
  the debate he was in was about different mechanisms for representative democracy . 
  at this point in history , they had no way to make all of england participate in a debate , hence the need for representatives and a very formal set of rules for debating . 
  things like internet and websites like reddit really change the set of technological and logistical constrains and should likewise make us revisit some of our assumptions on the constraints of debate and voting . 
  yep , and this criticism is valid for every kind of democracy : representative or direct . 
  actually i have yet to find a criticism of direct democracy that could not be applied to democracy in general . 
  unprecedented ? 
  really ? 
   current law does favor the traditional/major religions . 
  that 's exactly what i supposed it did but the article 's failure to mention it made it sound like a perfectly normal stance . 
  i , for one , am not shocked that some people get to vote on eu treaties . 
  it is called democracy and i heard some positive things about it in the past ... 
  we are all still laughing about that . 
  it is really interesting to see how paris and london became the only main hub for france and uk but that the german-speaking world maintained a dense network of local hubs . 
  it cast some light on a feeling i had , over the history of ideas : it feels like english and french philosophers and early scientists were basically copying from each other but that london and paris really exchanged with the german speaking world in a back-and-forth way . 
  it feels like some ideas and development have to come from big cities and other benefit from a more loose network . 
  as much as i feel very concerned for gaza people and think that this is a very important subject in the news , is this really something for / r/europe / ? 
  this is about censorship in israel and / r/worldnews / neither being part of europe ... 
  i want to say that this is not this kind of article that will really help fight these guys . 
  the article cites the following offenses : 1 . 
  40 percent tax on advertising revenue 2 . 
  hungary 's government control office put more pressure on civil society groups , seeking financing data from them . 
  3 . criminalized homelessness 4 . stripped some 300 religious groups of their official status suggesting that they are anti-democratic moves . 
  that 's incredibly clumsy . 
  tax rates are a matter of national sovereignty , and 40 % on things like advertisement is not necessarily undemocratic . 
  asking that civil society group be financially clean is not a thing that strikes me as abnormal . 
  criminalizing homelessness is something i wish as unanimously rejected but every country sadly does this . 
  and finally , refusing to recognize religious groups is what a secular state is supposed to do . 
  the problem is when it does favor one . 
  so , to sum up , this article is exactly the kind of counter-productive crap argument that fuels far-right in public opinions : it does not seem to be worried by anti-democratic measures but makes people feel that this is an agenda-vs-agenda thing . 
  i do n't have a high opinion of someone who is envious of the chinese or russian political system , but you 'll need more than that to convince me that he is a threat to democracy . 
  certainly not , the court declared him innocent !, 
  ( yes , the court had the good person , he admit it , had a literally smoking gun when arrested , several witnesses , etc. . . but the court declared that it was ok to shoot someone when in a patriotic fury , that he was not really responsible . 
  i kid you not . ), 
  reminds me of when i went to buy some food in a shop in berlin , i tried my best german and was answered in french . 
  which is nice . 
  and frustrating . 
  stop stealing our belgians jokes !, 
  well , exactly , yes . 
  russia is bad at projecting forces . 
  such a ship helps a lot . 
  they are not a game-changer , i agree , but if you have any idea to remove a 1 billion ship from the russian navy without triggering wwiii for a 1:1 dollar ratio , i am all hear . 
  they are helicopter carriers as well as command ships , probably loaded with electronic warfare devices . 
  they are a force-projection toolkit . 
  was n't the sa purged after the night of long knives and basically nonexistent afterwards ? 
  i always thought this homosexuality thing was not generalized through the nsdap . 
  as long as they remain profitable and competitive i guess . 
  unlike nasa , arianespace is a for-profit commercial space transportation company . 
  to be honest , it was far more obvious that putin was a bad person to make business with when the ships deal was signed with sarkozy than it was that greece would need a bailout when the submarine deal was signed . 
  i really wish that sarkozy and his party gets called on this shortsightedness at one point , but right now he is busy defending against a lot of other accusations . 
  i am the first to enjoy the french surrendering monkey jokes and to mock the french army : it is a national sport here . 
  but i honestly think that russia knows a bit about weapon system and that france , one of the few nations in the world with the skillset to build nuclear aircraft carriers , is probably able to put a lot of scary tech in a military ship . 
  do n't expect a surprisingly strong stance from the current government .
