  do n't care about occupying a park , go visit your rural relatives , tell to people what happens , make them tell people around them what happened . 
  it is useless to have a crowd of people opposing the government if it is still legitimized by elections . 
  he is the president sarkozy should have been , had he been economically educated , and willing to manage france rather than loot it . 
  i often feel that this is what is disturbing the ump right now : hollande is implementing the policy that sarkozy did not manage to do . 
  so now , in order to politically exist , they try to steal some far-right values . 
  i used to mock people talking about the `` droitisation '' ( right-sliding ) of society but now i find it incredibly obvious . 
  yes , but amongst broken promises are fairly important ones : - no tax raise after 2013 - use tobin tax ' product for development ( which somehow implied to defend the tobin tax ) - fair relocation solutions for roms - more aid for developing countries - basically everything he said over mali - limitation of ceos salaries - lock the minimum salary with inflation - no administrative retention for children - supress totally stock options - renegociate the european treaty of budget discipline basically , everything in his promise that made him a left-wing leader has gone down the drain . 
  the famous `` bourget speech '' is now seen like a bunch of lies . 
  i agree however that i prefer hollande by far to what sarkozy brought to us . 
  i may even vote for hollande in the next election if he is at the second turn . 
  but i 'll probably not vote for him at the first . 
  or better : admit that there is no tribunal inquiry or neutral inspectors about the question and that creating such a thing should be the top priority for anyone who thinks world governance will soon be a necessity ? 
  this is a war situation . 
  doubt and contradicting stories is the fog of war in 2014 . 
  if at this point you do not trust your own government 's evaluation of the situation , you are screwed , because you wo n't be able to get a clearer picture than them and you wo n't be able to see through their lies if they lie . 
  what a great president he would be if he did half of what he promised !, 
  i know that in russia has close ties with the far right parties here in france . 
  possibly funding partly some of them . 
  after all , chechnya is a war against `` muslim terrorists '' made without any regard for these sissy human rights . 
  he is for strong patriotic and conservative values . 
  i would not be surprised that this is actually a far-right crowd admiring the `` strong man '' of russia . 
   the force , which was set up in recent weeks , currently is made up of eight men who served in the ukrainian or israeli armies or have martial arts skills , the team 's founder , tzvi arieli , told jta thursday . 
  translation : one guy is from ukrainian army , another from israel 's , the rest from the local fight club , and they thought it would be cool to make a gang . 
  you do n't protect a whole population with 8 guys armed with baseball bats . 
  all you can do is retaliate after the fact . 
  and this is why every kind of militia ends up turning bad . 
  you are arguing for a europe-wide government then . 
  unfortunately , most , if not all of the eu countries refuse to hand over the freedom to decide on some of these things . 
  and i would argue that given the not very democratic nature of the eu , this is not a bad decision . 
  remove the european commission or at least strip it of any legislative powers first . 
  make the eu parliament able to draft and pass eu laws , and then we can talk . 
   germany suffered big losses from poland which is impressive with poland outnumbered [ 40 to 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoqj8gghnxu ) . 
  sorry i just put this song everywhere i can . 
  it taught me about the ratio of forces in the invasion of poland and i 'll continue to post it everywhere until we stop teaching the invasion of poland only through the `` tanks vs horses '' angle . 
  well , i did not live through the culmination of the cold war , but i think that this is the point that this discussion is all about : yes , we were pretty knowledgeable in france that ussr was a propaganda-heavy dictatorship and very few people wanted to be an ally to them , however , we also realized that this did not give a free pass for usa to do anything it wanted just by being slightly less crazy than ussr was . 
  we did not systematically follow usa in all its actions and we even reserved the right to do actions that the us did not approve . 
  would the us president launch nukes if france was attacked ? 
  if it pretended to be attacked but the russians denied ? 
  if one of its oversea territories was attacked ? 
  if it was attacked with conventional weapons ? 
  french people did not trust the usa with their security . 
  democracy is good , but every 4 years , it is unreliable . 
  having our own nukes helped answer a lot of these questions . 
  sure , we were evil capitalist , but we were not us lackey . 
  even if the ussr said that to the population , i think their diplomats realized it was not true . 
   major nato member uh , [ no ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato#french_withdrawal )  with nukes and aircraft carrier that it built itself , yes . 
  that is precisely what allowed france to be a credible neutral state even if it was not shy of being closer to the us than to ussr . 
  or maybe it comes from recent history and after a cold war spent as the neutral ground , france simply does not see the world in terms as evil vs good . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  greek philosophers were talking about good and evil far before these were anthropomorphized in theological entities . 
  there is a thing called a vote and a fair election . 
  let 's introduce this game to russia and settle these things once and for all ... 
  i guess the main reason is that us tends to approach european history from the english point of view . 
  if you do so , he was a real villain there . 
  france is a product of christian culture as well , yet i find this trait far less prevalent here . 
  maybe it has to do with protestantism ? 
  but i personally tend to doubt the religion-based explanations for this kind of things . 
  now imagine what it is to live with a land bridge between you and russia . 
  they are just posing as a normal country . 
  they are biding their time : http://what-if.xkcd.com/53/, 
  now i wonder if the headlines about greece will still continue to ignore syriza and the fact that greece is becoming or if they will finally talk about the first far left party that is in good place to be the first one to take control of a eu country . 
  what is a normal country in eu ? 
  if only ... 
  are the representative better informed ? 
  i have seen some batshit crazy claims by members of my pariament . 
  that uninformed people vote directly on laws or that these uninformed people vote for representative does not change much imho . 
  the thing is , with referendums , you have incentives for both sides to educate the population , instead of lobbying the representatives . 
  ah yes , that 's the retort i was looking for . 
  end slavery !, 
  end ownership of corporations !, 
  corporations are people !, 
  sadly , this is not with the bunch of austerians that came into power that this is likely to change . 
  off topic , but when written that way , i read `` proukraine '' as `` prookraine '' which i like the funny sound of . 
  from now one i will refer to both sides as prookraine and prootine . 
  it makes this whole story less grim . 
  thanks . 
  then jail one . 
  i clicked on this link , happy to hear one of my compatriots talking `` for the people '' and was a bit underwhelmed to see manuel valls picture ... 
  i am probably not included in `` the people '' he talks about . 
  larger as part of gdp , not as part of government expenditures : http://i.imgur.com/lrkktnx.png norway is an oil state , its gdp is * huge *, 
  saudi arabia used to have . 
  it was called `` negative tax '' . 
  basically , you would get paid just for being a citizen . 
  that 's why most of their workforce is foreign : most saudis do n't have to work . 
  that 's also why they are content to live in on of the most repressive country in the world : the fridge is full , hospitals are free and you do n't have to work . 
   common liabilities without common governance can not work . 
  when i stopped trusting the `` experts '' and read a bit about the subject , i was amazed that they did not understand ( or did not want to understand ) this simple fact . 
  euro was either designed to fail , or was designed by pure bozo . 
  and considering that they still are unamovingly in place , i am not very confident in the success of such a manifesto . 
  mybe you are right , i should start being the change i want to see . 
  yet , i wish that the leaders of these parties would talk to the eu people as a whole . 
  the problem is that european parties do not campaign as such locally . 
  they campaign as national parties and the parti socialiste is quite different from their british or greek counterpart . 
  to be fair , i am not sure if we know who would be elected president for each of them . 
  and to be totally honest , i ca n't name more than 2 european parties . 
  so , what am i missing ? 
  if the future commission president is not from my country i 'll never get to vote him . 
  that 's my point . 
  do we get to vote for him ? 
  seriously .
