  in france , my understanding is that a protest must be declared to the police but does not have to wait for authorization . 
  it can , however , be forbidden . 
  typical example : on may 1st , far-right organization organize a protest on the same day as unions and a lot of far-left organizations . 
  they are usually authorized , but the police refuses any declaration that would imply the two crowds to be too close . 
  the last protest that was forbidden in france ( this is fairly rare ! ), 
  was the one against the shitty movie against islam . 
  the call to protest proposed a path that would come close to several embassies , this was after the us ' ambassador death . 
  i still think that forbidding it was a bit heavy-handed , but could accept that it was appropriate . 
  i am actually of the opinion that protests are a sign of an immature democracy . 
  i would prefer a system like switzerland 's where referendums can be called by petitions . 
  it has much more impact . 
  protests just mean that a few thousand people are angry and this is seen as a valid reason to block roads in already over-crowded streets . 
  in the kind of two-party system that is currently emerging , having 40 % of the population unhappy is seen as a normal features . 
  in this context , protests serve no purpose . 
  actually , it is part of our culture to dream that a big enough protest can trigger a revolution . 
  i think it is a bad dream . 
  our democracy should get over its teenager crisis and propose responsible means to citizens to express themselves . 
  make referendums on retirement , nuclear energy , gay marriage , nato coming back , libya and mali wars , and be done with it . 
  make the majority choose and deny the right to block roads because you are unhappy about it !, 
  the arrogance of french with the military skills of germany . 
  here come the frenmans !, 
  fear !, 
  this is not to make one man angry . 
  this is to make a statement , possibly toward the russian people , and especially the gay russians : we are on your side . 
  yep . 
  i wish that this makes everyone learn to not trust them much anymore . 
  which is a perfect argument to show what a joke these tests were . 
  to be honest , i see most political parties as broken watch that indicate the correct time once in a while . 
  now we are at the far-left time but i guess that conditions change will see them unable to adjust . 
  well , when the system is obviously broken , how can it create panic to discuss about how we could fix it ? 
  more democracy , less national sovereignty . 
  democracy , deeply integrated economies , sovereignty , you may choose only two . 
  actually / r/europe is the only media that i can think of that comes close to what you describe . 
  when all parts of a system fail , it is usually called a systemic failure , but only the far-left says such things here . 
  why is there such a taboo about debating the basis of the international financial system . 
  i am not calling for sovietism , i am not criticizing free trade or capitalism , just pointing out that the current system needs corrections . 
  buying bitcoins . 
  the reason i do n't want to live in cuba is the lack of political freedom . 
  if we are to make a metric of `` countries that are great to live in '' , then we have to integrate a way to measure several freedoms . 
  it is dishonest , however , to try to design another indicator to reflect this kind of things . 
  actually , i am wondering if we would not see the same nationality ratio among the victims . 
  foreigners are usually statistically more likely to be criminals but also crime victims . 
  actually i dont read dane ( and find it quite rude to post something in dane in / r/europe / without offering a translation ) . 
  i am merely making a parallel with my own country , where this kind of arguments are also common . 
  in all categories of crimes , even excluding rape , there is about 90 % of men . 
  in a purely pragmatic way , i agree that forbidding some places to foreigners would have an impact on crime , but have to recognize that a similar ( and actually greater ) effect could be done by forbidding access of the same area to men . 
   being poor does n't make you rape . 
  actually statistics say yes , it makes you more likely to be both a rapist and a rape victim . 
   being from a shitty culture does . 
  that too . 
   notice they are all from the same area of the world turkey , somalia , afghanistan ? 
  not even the same continent . 
   do n't you think they also have immigrants from other areas ? 
  if absolutely no immigrant from non-muslim countries ( this is what you really mean ) is accused of rape , this would be an interesting case . 
  do you have a source in english with such statistics ? 
   if everybody is equal this is what you are missing . 
  immigrants , whatever their origins are , are less educated and poorer . 
  they often are over-represented in courts of justice . 
  of course , there could also be some institutionalized racism ... 
  ah , the downvoting neofascist brigade ... 
  reminds me of the good old day of internet , where any forum was doomed to attract the sknihead brigades . 
  ca n't have any influence in europe , so trying to get one in / r/europe , eh ? 
  good luck to you , captain useless . 
  heil to the brigade !, 
  more frightening , 98 % of them are male despite being 50 % of the population . 
  remember , if this seems a good reason to apply stricter rules to foreigners , this is an equally good reason for stricter rules on men . 
  it is good to be # 1 somewhere . 
  take that czechs and finns !, 
  i do n't know if you have been following the code changes in the last months , but a new pruning algorithm seems to make the time at which the blockchain will be unmanageable much farther . 
   what do you care about the actual fr ? 
  if you do n't understand that , then what about doing what i proposed to you : do a few more iterations in both cases . 
  better yet : in scenario 1 make it so that at each iteration 2/3 of the money goes to belgium . 
  you will see that even in goods , ignoring money , the french population becomes poorer on the longer term . 
  your claims only hold true for the very short term . 
   heck , you could mint a lot of coins and print a lot of money . 
  but in this scenario and in the one i propose , there is no money creation , merely circulation , so stop making strawman arguments please . 
   be it the french iron producers or the belgians getting paid , we 're talking about fr , they were legal tender in france and not in belgium . 
  depending on the date you consider but this means either that one could convert francs into gold or french francs into belgian francs . 
  both operations removing some value to the overall wealth of france . 
   damn , compare india 's performance ever since they liberalised free trade , here 's their gdp growth rate . 
  i am not sure how i should write it . 
  maybe in bold ? 
  maybe in capitals ? 
  maybe using fewer , simpler words ? 
  ** my opinion = free trade is good when symmetric , bad when asymmetric ** what do n't you understand ? 
  do you get symmetric/asymmetric ? 
  what is the problem there ? 
   and what about hong kong that is so small , has no tariffs and a gdp larger than austria despite not having only 1 % of the land area ? 
  hong kong is china 's tax haven . 
  its gdp is 90 % service , this has nothing to do with tariffs . 
  even with a tariff policy that would eliminate all their goods exports , this would only lower their gdp by 10 % ( their whole industry ) . 
  once again , this is from the link you provide . 
  tariffs , in a purely competitive world , is a prisoner 's dilemma : if two countries have low tariffs , they benefit both from it . 
  it is a no brainer . 
  most countries have low tariffs , and the wto is here to ensure that everyone cooperates , but the wto exists exactly because there is an incentive to try to create asymmetrical situations . 
   wo n't they eventually use it to buy us-made products ? 
  why ? 
  do you think the chinese mind having big dollars reserves ? 
  do you think it is impossible to buy stuff in europe with dollars ? 
  dollars are accepted outside us .
