  hey let 's annoy england together !, 
  ninja vikings then ? 
  obviously , usa uses english because of the british empire . 
  i have no problem acknowledging that . 
  and american english is just a flavor of `` british empire english '' that came to be more dominant in the world , due to the last century 's events than plain uk english . 
  different times had different * lingua franca * , as italians used to say . 
  right now , it is us english . 
  it is the language asians , russians , arabs , africans , will all speak when in front of an international audience . 
  have no worries , however . 
  if history teaches us anything it is that very soon a `` eu english '' will start to appear . 
  already , `` internet english '' is starting to diverge from american english . 
   and french is still prominent due to quebecs international position ? 
  more because of our former colonial empire . 
  personally i do n't think there is much to be proud of there . 
  that is correct . 
  france has many `` terrorist '' attacks from independentists . 
  corsica , but also basques . 
  there used to be some britons too . 
  these attacks always take a great care to cause material damages to republican symbols but to not hurt people . 
  typically , they bomb a police station or a city hall at night . 
  if you want to make islamist terrorism more frightening , count the number of persons killed , not the number of bombs detonated . 
  i mean , even causing a shortcircuit to delay a high speed train was counted as a terrorist attack . 
  the thing is , english is the international language because of american leadership in the world . 
  using uk english would be a sort of acknowledgement that uk had a lead role in unifying europe , which would be really ironic , given history . 
  in that respect either german , french or latin would make more sense . 
  i do think it also adds a layer of fairness : by using us english , we can say that none of the countries in eu use their native language to communicate with each other but make the common effort to use a foreign one , even though the effort is minimal in the case of uk . 
  you mean , countries that are different but share vaguely the same language ? 
  france/belgium/luxembourg / quebec ? 
  this internet and / r/europe / , this is not uk either :-p, 
  probably because lifting the embargo does n't mean much . 
  no one expects to send actual weapons before august . 
  you know , just in case some rebels are still alive right now ... 
  however , i am wondering if the chemical weapons and the hezbollah joining assad 's forces wo n't be finally a trigger for a little action . 
  edit : to be fair , le monde is running a serie of big articles on syria right now . 
  well , the guy responsible for the greek crisis has been put at the head of the bce , what do you expect , exactly ? 
  when i was in france it was very hard . 
  now i live in japan , and fruits are a luxury here but vegetables are everywhere . 
  there saying here is that you need more than 20 different ingredients in your daily intake ( which goes actually quite fast once you start counting the sauces , the ingredients in the miso soup , the tea , the sesame seeds , etc. . . ), 
  great !, 
  it is done . 
  can we now pleeeeeeease talk about something else ? 
  about the crisis , the european model , the legitimacy of nationalizations , the interest of having a national industral plan , syria , syriza , mali , nato , the european army , patent laws and copyright laws reforms , the democratic process in eu and in france ... 
  subjects are numerous . 
  gay marriage should just have been a footnote on hollande 's presidency . 
  my anecdote was in lyon . 
  it has vastly improved with the new building , but in some other regions it seems to still be the case . 
  there was an article in rue89 about seine saint denis that related an almost exactly similar anecdote . 
  it was in my own country , that i thought i knew quite well . 
  it was when i went to the prefecture with my now wife to help her get a residency card . 
  offices open at 9 am . 
  we go at 10 and the clerk tells us , very seriously `` at 10 am ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  you have to be there at 5 am to have a chance ! '', 
  `` at 5 am ? 
  but the office is closed at this time ! '', 
  turns out it was actually the correct answer : the queue spans the whole street , and you have to be there before 6 am if you want to have a ticket to give your forms during the day . 
  you have to stand there for at least 4 hours , in the night , with no police around , no seats , many people trying to cheat , sudden unexplainable compression of the crowd one hour before the opening . 
  we were young so it was not a problem , but i saw people with crutches and people over 60 in the queue . 
  i felt really , really ashamed and very angry against my country . 
  there was , however , a magical moment at 8:50 , ten minutes before the opening . 
  the man in front of the door , the first one to be there , probably since the evening before , was a very old man , maybe 80 , who looked very weak . 
  at one moment he shouted about people stopping pushing and making some room for his wife to arrive . 
  a taxi was arriving , and an old woman with two crutches came out of it . 
  i do n't know how it was possible , but the crows that was pushing five seconds before silently made a nice passage for the lady to meet her husband . 
  not a push , not a moan . 
  gives a new meaning to the `` brain drain '' america is causing in europe ... 
  we have a mp who made a link between homoparentality and terrorism , during parliamentary debates . 
  the thing is , i doubt most of them are crazy , but i think they take us republicans as a model . 
  teach me , what does german etiquette says about shooting one in the head ? 
  just handle me a bottle , down here in the # 18, 
  but as they probably did n't factor in the incredible kindness of australian residents , i call it fair . 
   `` britain and france had been pressing to send weapons to what they call * moderate8 opponents of president assad '' but how the hell are they going to be able to control who gets those arms , how can they be sure they are ` moderate ' ? 
  i have the same question about every nation that makes business with saudi arabia or arab dictatorships . 
  it is indeed risky , it can indeed end up in the wrong hands , exactly like what we do routinely as part of `` normal business '' . 
  but there , at least , there is a small chance that this serves a democratic cause . 
  oh , i am not naive , a democratic outcome is really uncertain . 
  but without helping the rebels , the outcome is certain : assad wins , democracy loses . 
  this buys us the chance to roll the dices . 
  note also that if terrorism is your concern , there is one sure thing you are doing by giving arms to the syrian rebels : fighting the hezbollah ( which is a far more organized group than al-quaeda in my opinion ) who joined forces with the regular syrian army . 
   with iran and russia supplying the regime with arms , and the west supplying the opposition with arms , this is proxy warfare just like afghanistan in the 80s all over again , and look how that turned out . 
  there is only one way to break this cycle of violence : make democratic legitimacy the real reason for involvement rather than just an excuse for a proxy war . 
  make clear rules about what it means to be a ruthless dictator and systematically help rebels in these cases . 
  it used to be a part of the constitution of my country . 
  i am sad we removed it . 
  she just follows her self-interest . 
  she has nothing to gain from taking a position in this debate . 
  actually many people here thought that killing yourself inside notre dame in front of 1500 people by shooting a bullet in your head still qualifies as rude . 
  but we do are picky on etiquette , i agree . 
   their worldview in general is n't progressive i used to believe that , and anecdotal evidence made me wonder if this was right . 
  after all , many immigrants left their countries for a reason , and for some of them it was the stupidity of local religious bigotry . 
  of course , i only get to speak to a specific kind of muslim , being as an outspoken antitheist that i am , but still , i am wondering ... atheists from catholic families , in france , are usually outspoken . 
  atheists from muslaim families tend more to be in the closet about that . 
  it probably skews statistics a lot . 
  how many feel like jamel debouzze ? 
  he is culturally muslim , says he is a believer too , but was in favor of gay marriage . 
   jean-fran\u00e7ois cop\u00e9 , has repeatedly stated he would n't stop fighting the bill ( when , in all likelihood , it 'll be over soon ) . 
  he also called to a coup , comparing himself to de gaulle and the current situation to 1958 ( when de gaulle took the power , in the context of an attempted military coup d'\u00c9tat ), 
  note that this motto was never understood as a description of the french society but as the ideal it strives toward . 
  i do think that we are doing an acceptable job on the two first ones , but the last one needs a lot more work currently . 
  and yes , these protests are backward in this respect , but note that the law still got passed , with not a comma changed .
