  this argument holds true against representative democracy as well . 
  if you have someone you trust on the issue , vote as s/he says , if not , vote as you think is good . 
  and mainstream media do have a disproportionate amount of power . 
  if montesquieu was alive today , i am sure he would have talked about the separation of 4 power instead of the classical 3 . 
  or had several referendum every year . 
  switzerland decided to be part of shengen and not of eu that way . 
  but direct democracy is a big noooooo . 
  our elites know that somehow , it is bad for us ... 
  how can you be totally committed to a marriage arranged by your grandparents and whose terms change every year through discussions you are not invited to ? 
  actually i do believe that eu can not be successful if it is solely an economic union . 
  the whole zone also has to agree on common rules about work , social welfare , integration policies , etc. . . 
  otherwise , the eu zone will keep too many internal differences to function as a unit . 
  therefore , people saying that uk must go out of eu on social arguments are not necessarily wrong : if britons do not appreciate eu 's policies , that would surely be a better way than having to veto or stalemate any new policy negotiation ... 
  i do think that the differential in gay rights may actually have an effect close to that one . 
  gay immigration is something you want : these people do not move because of a bad economical personal situation and those who will be wanting to move are those who consider that you can overcome the language barrier quite easily ( which often means , they are more educated ) actually , i do think that the gay rights differences may cause the same kind of immigration that happened when protestants were forbidden in some countries : moving to a new one , with all their riches and education , made countries like netherlands quite wealthy . 
  i wish russia attacked eu . 
  one would then see at which speed a spine can grow . 
  heh , if you want a low score , let the police do the trafficking for you !, 
  jokes aside , i wonder what is being measured here , and how much is corruption and tax evasion ( our eastern europe redditors seem to think this is the biggest issue in their countries ) and how much is drugs trafficking ( what i would have suspected more than anything else in western europe ), 
  just having a reliable way to measure longitude and latitude of the place you are means that once your boat has done a survey of the whole coast with a cartographer onboard , you have a precise map . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't say that other countries should help usa arrest snowden , but merely that if countries are to provide asylum to snowden , coherency would imply to criticize the us laws that are making snowden a criminal in usa . 
  and that is a difficult exercise , because these are the laws against the act of treason . 
  that would mean to create a protective status of `` whistleblower '' . 
  but simply accepting snowden 's asylum without criticizing the us laws or procedures would simply not be logical . 
  actually , while i support snowden 's revelation and the call to protect whistleblowers , his case is pretty clear : he is effectively a traitor and disobeyed knowingly the us laws . 
  us prosecuting him is totally normal under their laws . 
  it is the us laws that are to be criticized , not the people who apply them . 
  and i wish the eu leaders would wake up and realize how the us is transforming into a police empire . 
  this is not snowden 's case which made these laws appear . 
  assange 's case , on the other hand , is totally different : he is attacked totally extra-judicially . 
  i hope medias do n't forget about him . 
  anarchists have no problem with a state and laws widely accepted by the population . 
  anarchy means `` no master '' , not `` no order '' . 
   a temporary lack of leadership is quite different from a permanent lack thereof . 
  belgium was therefore a temporary anarchy . 
  yep . 
  this is not the ideal situation either , yet you have to admit that this is a far cry from `` having to pay protection money to thugs and no law at all '' . 
  i do believe that one or two year without a government causes less damage than 4 or 5 years with a bad one . 
  why ca n't you do like us all and just blame the eu for everything ? 
  i am not comparing them , but providing an example of how the order and the state can be maintained with no official government in power . 
   unless there are police or military forces that can actually stop the thugs , there will be thugs . 
  agreed . 
   and if you have a police or military force that upholds the law , you effectively have a state . 
  agreed . 
  anarchy is not a stateless system , it is a system without rulers . 
  google for zapatistas for instance , it is a system that is governing a large part of chiapas ( a region of mexico ) through councils that change every 2 weeks and a voluntary army that takes its decision voluntarily . 
  anarchy was arguably the situation in belgium a few years ago : no new laws could be passed , but the administrations was still working , police and justice were still there . 
  bulgaria anarakia !, 
  we had christine bouttin too ... 
  as an anarchist , i endrose this move . 
  i think that there is not a single action that i can not justify with the bible !, 
  you know , the more i think about it , the weirder it seems to me too ... 
  however i do not see the reasons why a criminal seeking asylum legally could not still be judged for his crimes . 
  in france , all that you need is that the victim has residence in france ( and i think the orthodox church can claim that for instance ) . 
  asylum do n't give any amnesty , just a reason to have a visa . 
  i thought i remembered of a rwanda official who was granted asylum but was still judged by a tribunal in france but i can not find the reference . 
  you are confusing several issues . 
  let me reorder your post a bit . 
   this case is about bringing a vandal to justice to hold her responsible for the irrefutable crime she commited . 
  that 's your first mistake . 
  from france 's point of view , this is not about that at all . 
  no one complained to a french court about the destruction of property , but someone asked the french court `` do french laws on asylum can apply to this person ? '', 
  and the court answered yes . 
  had she killed the president or had she done nothing more than shouting slogans , the answer would be the same . 
  they are not judging the crime she did , just the applicability of the french asylum laws to her case . 
  which brings me to the second point :  why does some obscure faceless french bureaucrat think that it is he who can set limits on political protest and decide what kind of monuments we are allowed to build ? 
  that would be despicable . 
  no , what happened is that the french parliament ( not just a bureaucrat ) decided on limits that ** can not be put ** on political protest . 
  it says nothing about your monuments , not sure why you believe otherwise . 
   what things should we correct ? 
  to know that , you will have to ask a copy of the judgment to the cnda , the court responsible for the decision . 
  they are forced to state their reasons clearly . 
   this case is not about political persecution of dissidents or selective application of the law against opposition , this not about abuse of human rights or anythign else . 
  my guess is that they disagree with you on one of these points . 
  probably on the fact that the law will be selectively applied . 
  see , if you have laws that punish anti-religious speech differently , or just if you have an habit of doing so , even while the laws does n't state it , this is considered religious persecution by france , and asylum is automatic . 
   who are you to decide what kind of memorials we are permitted to build ? 
  who are you to decide who we grant asylum to ? 
  luckily for you , i do n't have neither claim any power over what can be constructed in ukraine . 
  i just stated an opinion , as a citizen of the world ( and someone used to political debates in democracy ) that when you make a memorial for 120,000 persons , you do n't attribute a religion to the whole pack unless you are really sure . 
  you are free to insult these people by building a poorly designed memorial in their memory , and i am free to say that you had poor taste in putting a religious symbol on top of it . 
  you also stated an opinion that removing the cross from a memorial was an action of disrespect to the victims , and i disagree . 
  this is still vandalism , but not necessarily disrespect . 
  i know of people who would consider it disrespectful to put a cross on their tomb and commendable to remove it if there was one . 
  i am not a jurist so i may be totally wrong on that , but i do think that if you find a victim of her actions in france ( which could be easy : descendants of people killed in the memorial , or the orthdox church 's local incarnation ) and explain why it is unlikely that she will ever get judged in ukraine , i do think that the court will have to accept to take the case . 
  however , i do think ( once again , i am very unsure about it ) that the ukrainian government has to agree on that , because it means it will have to accept the judgment and not make a second trial back home . 
  actually , granting political asylum ( in france ) has nothing to do with stating the innocence or guilt of the person . 
  you grant asylum to people that you think wo n't get a fair trial . 
  that does not make them innocent . 
  you want to judge her ? 
  you have two options : - let france judge her ( and i think she would get a small jail penalty ) - read the asylum ruling and correct things in ukraine to remove the reasons that they give actually shevenko will probably be judged in france for her surprise protest in notre-dame ( i think she will be fined but probably not jailed : there were no destruction ) now about the affair you are talking about : shevenko did not destroy the memorial or the monument , she just partially damaged it , removing the cross that was on top . 
  this was a political statement saying that orthodox church was trying to appropriate the suffering of the victimes of communism . 
  now i disagree with the mean of action , but i do think that the act by itself is political and not necessarily disrespectful for the victims . 
  actually , i can say that removing the signs of a religion in a memorial of people who disagreed with it is an act of respect of the memory . 
  collective memorials should not bear religious symbols , except in very special cases . 
  mine is arriving next tuesday !, 
  what ? 
  no , disregard my flair i live in tokyo currently , obviously ... 
  i agree , yet when the symptom is that women get raped and that this can be prevented by a bit of paint on the floor , this is a useful thing to do while the correct solution is implemented .
