  spain allows to reach a big part of latin america . 
  while i think english is preferable , these language can be argued to make sense in the eu parliament . 
  - maltese translators are less common . 
  how many of them even exist , in a population of 400,000 native speakers ? 
  is n't that acceptable that the one or two that the eu parliament managed to find may be unavailable ? 
  there are very good `` technical '' reasons . 
  by the way , i think it is saying a lot that what is probably a very human problem is called a `` technical '' reason . 
  if it turns out that the maltese translator is blamed for that and had a legitimate reason to not be there , i hope the prime minister wo n't be too proud about it . 
  how about letting each country pay for the translation in its own languages ? 
  i wish we could outgrow these small ( and ridiculous ) issues . 
  surely !, 
  so many people died because of this ... 
  this is a petty issue stemming from misplaced priorities . 
  how about treating everyone equally by giving everyone the ability to read the original speech in a language everyone understands ? 
  as a supposedly natural enemy of the english language , i say fuck this guy and face a sad truth : if your language is not english or chinese , most of the planet does not speak your language . 
  trying to defend a local language is fine at the local scale , but defending it on an international stage is a misguided effort . 
  i found it ridiculous when chirac left a meeting because one french businessmen decided to make his speech in english in an international meeting . 
  i think this guy is ridiculous to think that it makes any kind of difference that maltese is not understood at the heart of europa . 
  i already find it ridiculous that all these guys speak their native language to `` make a point '' while taking the risk of being mistranslated while making it impossible for anyone to directly check the original meaning . 
  if you want to be part of europe , be prepared to speak english . 
  fuck the misplaced nationalistic sentiments that makes you think you somehow conquer territory when you impose a given language . 
  if what you have to say is so unimportant that you ca n't say it in english , then do n't speak . 
  if you do politics and share a common language with your interlocutors but prefer to go through a translator , you are making things unnecessarily risky and difficult . 
  shhh , any thing that does n't obey free market laws has to be a scam . 
  go away with your so-called humanist thinking . 
  this is just stalinism in disguise ... / sarcasm, 
  they are given cheddar . 
  quite different . 
  not in french :-p, 
  i thought that even on received funds , les restos were bigger . 
  though in actual funds being used for help , however , they clearly beat the secours catholique . 
  this is one of the properties of the restos : to have a very low administrative costs ( compare it to the 31 % of project coordination in secours catholique ) http://www.restosducoeur.org/content/les-comptes, 
  well if the additional cost is too high , they can go to barcelona or marseilles . 
  but if their consumer target is spanish , it makes sense to unload in a city connected to madrid . 
  actually his second proposal links madrid to valencia directly , it does indeed make some sense . 
  in the end , we all know that the ideal situation is a dense mesh of high speed train linking as directly as possible most major nodes , but here is just a question of priorities , complicated by regional politics , economical considerations , and also cash-cowing the eu as much as possible . 
  like op said , if europe is paying for both plan , the incentive of a spanish proposal will be to make it pay for the maximum number of kilometers , supplementing the plan with needed railroads on national budget . 
  i liked cohn-bendit 's rant about this . 
  there is a conflict involving greece , cyprus , turkey . 
  2 eu members and one aspiring eu member . 
  this would have been a very good test for eu diplomacy , this could have helped greece reduce its military budget , but instead we continued to put our heads in the sand . 
  ha yes , this is a recent status . 
  i do n't remember if you need to have more than 10 millions in revenues or to be publicly traded . 
  but yes , for various reasons i do n't think it is very popular . 
  ok , but is n't there a way that gross investment end up including starbucks uk licensing fees ? 
  i agree that the + exports - imports should take care of that in most cases . 
  ok , so eu is really # 1, 
  i must confess that i voted green once in local elections . 
  they had the program that i hoped the left wing party would come up with . 
  i like the green party at the european level too , thy indeed seem level-headed . 
  interesting , here the far left party is trying to make agreements with ecologists . 
  on some topics , i have found ecologists to be quite in line with my opinions except , well , on ecology . 
  they are still accepting too much crackpots ( who fear wifi , meat of animals who ate gmo , and other silliness ), 
  yes , eu parliament 's decision do not need unanimity of the 27 , and hopefully so !, 
  it would be completely worthless otherwise . 
  but i think that any treaty signed by the eu must be accepted by the 27 . 
  that makes it impossible for the eu to have any weight in international discussions . 
  well , i am asking this question because i do n't see how they could remove this part from the gdp . 
  there are also a lot of corner cases . 
  i made a clear case here about a company owned 100 % by a master company , but what if a national subsidiary has 1 % of local investors ? 
  some ownerships sometimes ( often ) trace back to opaque tax havens . 
  i am not sure that it would be even feasible to trace precisely various ownerships . 
  would the figure be much lower ? 
  i do n't know is this account for such a big volume . 
  after all , making a transaction means paying taxes in most countries , these are avoided if the company is owned by the same entity , but i would not be surprised if it put the eu a few ranks below # 1 . 
  well , let 's send them a message anyway : find a political party that refuses austerity . 
  right now , for me , it means far left ( and they probably fight it for bad reasons ) . 
  i 'll vote that until someone more moderate finally comes back to common sense . 
  am i misreading this news in interpreting it as uk having a veto right on eu budget ? 
  i do n't mind either one , each country has its own preferences . 
  i heard that direct elections make germans uneasy , but in the history of france , parliamentary regimes have always led to disasters . 
  let 's just toss a coin ... 
  i have an honest question about european gdp . 
  gdp is the aggregation of the transactions made inside a geographical zone . 
  however , eu is fairly unique as a zone in the fact that it still forces a multi-national company to exist as a different entity in every separate country . 
  example : starbucks uk and starbucks nl are each declared as separate entities in their respective countries , even if they are owned by the same entity ( let 's call it starbuck us ) they still are considered as separate entities inside eu . 
  here is the question : when starbucks uk pays 300 mil to buy licensing rights to starbuck nl , does this count in the eu gdp ? 
  if yes , this is cheating : you would then have to count interstate traffic in usa even when it occurs between two sites of the same company . 
  i hold the opinion that the integration that europe can achieve relies in a very big part on the state of translation technologies . 
  ask me again in 5 years when youtube can translate romanian to french live . 
  then , europe will have a much brighter future . 
   ah yes , the demon of world wars sovereignity is worth sacrificing for , just as if we all had actually lost the war already . 
  i actually do not care if my country loses its sovereignty to a democracy . 
  i like france because of its ideas and culture , things that are allowed and encouraged to survive under a free society . 
  but it has to be a democracy , and eu does not qualify totally . 
  either we elect the head of the state directly or we transform it into a full-fledged parliamentary system . 
  and more importantly : we need to ditch the unanimity rule for eu decisions . 
  this is an important loss of sovereignty , but also an important step on the path of unification : 50 % or 2/3 majority of the population should be able to decide and enforce things . 
  i was against enlargement of the eu before we ditch the unanimity rule . 
  i fear that at 27 , eu will never be able to move on anything . 
  the obsession of sarkozy with his image is backed by several legal procedures that are not the habit of the french presidency . 
  google `` herv\u00e9 eon '' ( the guy who was prosecuted for quoting sarkozy 's `` casse toi pauv ' con '' during a protest ) , `` sarkozy off france 3 '' or `` sarkozy vodoo doll '' to see what i am talking about . 
  * fascination for money * : i am talking about his declarations `` d\u00e9complex\u00e9es '' about the fact that he loves making money and that it will be what he does after his mandate . 
  * trophy wife * : note that i have nothing against this , i am just noting that this is the first president of the 5th republic to do so . 
  this does not compare to orgies , and i agree that on this point they probably differ . 
  * civilians in the police * : weapons are not the main danger , the immunity and legitimacy is . 
  you may never have felt threatened by them , but i can tell you that queuing the prefecture with my foreign wife in order to get a visa , i felt quite threatened by people who were clearly skinheads alongside regular police . 
  if they start a fight , law will be on their side . 
  * diverting of public money * : the justice is on his tail for several affairs , but lagarde implied she received orders in the shameful tapie affair . 
  i also find it very hard to believe that there was no conflict in interest when sarkozy 's brother manages one of the biggest private retirement fund in france ( malakoff mederic ) while the president sarkozy pushes the age of retirement .
