  germany achieved it . 
  however , it is true that the faster we integrate new members , the harder it will be for eu to achieve this parity . 
  we should have started when only west europe was in , but uk always refused every step in this direction . 
  common diplomacy , military , social contract , code of law , administration procedures , and so on ... 
  it is ok to not be interested in this project , but then leave and do n't prevent it from happening . 
  but why would they put deposits at the ecb then ? 
  why would they simply not keep it ? 
  1.4 is an average . 
  why does it shock you that some things are below it and some things above it ? 
  food stamps are spent on food , very quickly ( within a month or so ) and food supplier usually employ poor people and spend a lot on raw ingredients , so it makes sense that this money is spent again quicker than if someone buys an iphone with a 50 % of margin going directly to a tax haven , do n't you think ? 
  money velocity is the average of all this . 
  first , i am not that of a strong poponent for basic income . 
  i think that it will be unavoidable ( because of the automation of production ) in the log term but that we may not be there quite yet . 
  second , i think that the mindset you are using , equating loans to a goods or service transaction is similar to the one that caused the recent banking crisis . 
  if you give some guy $ 10 , he uses them to buy a meal , then at the end of the week the restaurant uses $ 8 of these to buy some ingredients , you added $ 18 of transaction to the gdp if you give a bank $ 10 , it loans $ 9 to another bank , which offers $ 8 of these as loans to people , there are effectively $ 19 in the books , but they were not used to produce anything , and if you look at it closely , only $ 8 are there to be used . 
  what you say about velocity is right though . 
  there are situations where banks or investors need to have enough money to help companies produce . 
  however , everything indicates that we are in a situation where investor money is plentiful . 
  it is consumer money that is missing . 
  this is a crisis of demand , not a crisis of offer . 
  depends who you ask and where you measure it . 
  in us , according to the department of agriculture , it is way over 1 ( ~ 1.8 ), 
  yeah , eu , my bad . 
  it is 2 am , i should not be talking about politics right now ... 
  i do n't know the details but i guess that it hints at suspicions that some uk politicians and some uk bankers could be accomplices . 
  `` next week i will announce a referendum on leaving the euro '' `` ok , i 'll take positions to prepare on that . 
  make sure to mention that it will be bad for euro . '', 
  `` sure . '', 
  food tickets are actually proven to be one of the stimulus with the highest keynesian multiplicator . 
  that 's basically that , yes . 
  / r/basicincome / `` it is necessary for the growth to resume '' is a good argument to give free money to companies and to banks . 
  economically , it would make even more sense to do exactly the same to the consumers . 
  wait , how is that even possible ? 
  yeah , i wonder why he would say that . 
  hey , you know what ? 
  let 's check the original source !, 
  i translated it from french especially so that we can all read the same thing and not some deformed summary that sensationalist newspapers love to publish in order to make eu politicians look like shit-slinging apes . 
  then the british people were lied to . 
  because the will to create a federation of state and of removing some national sovereignty was discussed since day 1 . 
  ( and even quite before that ), 
  censorship of an opinion and media bias do certainly exist in a western democracy , but they do not involve killing people and jailing political opponents . 
  sorry to find that this is a progress . 
  i agree that this date makes more sense as a national holiday , but then you have to choose between this day , the king 's death , the human rights declaration , and a few other important events . 
  result is , the national holiday is just the commermoration of a rather small event but the one that triggered all the rest . 
  you can also celebrate the overthrowing of a king . 
  works as well . 
  it may surprise you but radical islamic political groups are usually classified on the far right here . 
  do n't forget its local politician criminals . 
  last year they dismantled a drug trafficking ring inside the city police . 
   when ukraine had a pro-kremlin dictator it was deemed a mess i dont recall that rhetoric . 
  it was presented as a country with beautiful girls and a pro-kremlin dictator . 
  sometimes presented with belarus as `` the last dictatorship of europe '' . 
  the `` it is as unstable as the balkans '' rhetoric only appeared recently . 
  and not much from western media ... 
  you did n't vote hard enough . 
  wtf sweden ? 
  they were almost the only smart pirate party around ( though the german one is not too bad ), 
  and now you understand the flemish/wallon wars . 
  / ducks, 
  netherland is the reason why i am not worried about countries flooding over sea level rises . 
  the worst case scenario of the ipcc is 1 meter per century . 
  let 's all try to avoid it , but that sounds totally manageable . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://what-if.xkcd.com/53/ ), 
  is n't that because of the people having welsh and irish as a native language ? 
  we also both love mustaches . 
  and the basque people come from asia . 
  i did not say they were close , i say they were closer to you than people who you consider to be europeans . 
  and frankly , this was just to correct a mistake of yours . 
  even if turks were genetically very distant , i do n't see how this is even an argument to refuse them . 
  i personally consider that even the most genetically distant australian aborigene is more welcome in europe than the whitest racist . 
  and another reason for france to stop oppose turkey 's entrance in the eu . 
   things seem to be moving backwards on this front be wary that very often , the more an opinion becomes a minority , the more vocal it is . 
  especially when an opinion switch from being a majority to a minority , there is a very loud wake up call . 
  so do not fear too much . 
  the more you hear your enemy , the more they fear that they are becoming irrelevant . 
  the church is totally allowed to call to vote for someone or against someone . 
  it is an organization like all other organization , made of freely assembling people and expressing its opinion freely . 
  i have no problem about the church saying that abortion is murder and that socialists are criminals against humanity . 
  i would have a problem , however , if they were part of the government at the same time . 
  it happens slowly , compromise after compromise and scandal after scandal . 
  right now , enforcing non-discrimination over beliefs or highly polarizing things like sexual orientation does a lot to make governments independent from religious organizations . 
   the gezi events being publicised helped to speed up the process of rural areas realising what the government really is or it can help it spin into a `` anarchy is gaining crazytown '' story and can legitimate police powers to reestablish order . 
  but maybe it is just me reading too much stuff about the parisian commune recently ... actually , i am critical of the 2014 notion that opponents need to concentrate at one point , especially one point that the police can easily circle . 
  that sounds incredibly counter-productive to me . 
  turks are genetically closer to greeks than to english or basque people . 
  do n't put ethnicity in there . 
  and do n't claim cultural differences where your main distaste is for their dominant religion , not their very ancient culture . 
  culturally , kemalism took so many things from french culture that several administrative terms in turkish actually use the french words . 
  only 3 countries in the world have the kind of separation between church and state that france has : france , mexico and turkey . 
  i am actually far more comfortable with dominantly muslim but secular countries like turkey than with countries like greece where the church still has a very big influence on the state . 
  i wish having a clear state/religion separation was mandatory to be in eu . 
  that would actually make it `` safe '' to include muslim countries but far too many christian members of the eu would scream at this very idea . 
   looking at your flair i 'm thinking is that your wet dream ? 
  actually that is a story you often find in media here : that the turks were so unfairly refused entrance into the eu that they more or less abandoned the idea . 
  that 's one of the reason that is given to erdogan 's election : his euroscepticism . 
  just to get that of the way , i was appalled at how the eu , and french politicians in particular decided that they did n't want turkey in the eu without objective reasons or without honest ones . 
  the only good reason i can think of is that this cyprus thing needs to be solved first . 
  we ca n't have two countries in the eu that are at war with each other . 
  but cohn-bendit was right about this : is the eu does not want to be hypocritical when stating this as a cause , it should have spent more resources trying to actually solve it . 
  that should be the # 1 priority of opposition in turkey .
