  change training courses for police so as to underline social themes such as immigration , drugs and social factors . 
  guarantee human rights in immigrant detention centres . 
  facilitate the reunion of immigrant families . 
  depenalisation of consumption of drugs in favor of battle against drug traffic . 
  increase funding for drug rehab centres . 
  regulate the right of conscientious objection in draft laws . 
  increase funding for public health up to the average european level . 
  ( the european average is 6 % of gdp ; in greece 3 % . ), 
  elimination of payments by citizens for national health services . 
  nationalisation of private hospitals . 
  elimination of private participation in the national health system . 
  withdrawal of greek troops from afghanistan and the balkans . 
  no greek soldiers beyond our own borders . 
  abolition of military cooperation with israel . 
  support for creation of a palestinian state within the 1967 borders . 
  negotiation of a stable accord with turkey . 
  closure of all foreign bases in greece and withdrawal from nato . 
  top news : greece becomes fascist !, 
  actual reality : far left syriza has gone from less than 5 % in 2007 to the currently leading party in polls . 
  if the next elections were held today , greece that keeps being presented in european media as the country of nazism revival will become a european country with a far-left government ( which i believe is fairly unique in europe since 20 years , if we do n't count cyprus ) so yeah , `` greece becomes the fourth reich '' , yeah right . 
  what really worries many people is that there is a party there , that will take control of the country and that is opposed to several fiscal policies in eu . 
  will we ever find an old body that was not a king and who was not murdered ? 
  yes , this is exactly what was done : these people are ( maybe ) illegal migrants . 
  but it is harder to deport someone when you do n't know where they come from . 
  i wonder why , countries are unhappy to welcome migrants without reason . 
  hence the camps . 
  i do n't know , do n't you realize that if everyone accepts these migrants the onlys solution left is to put them in an international zone and let them die ? 
   this is the craziest thing a country can do . 
  we used to have a president who thought like that . 
  he found it much saner to park them in prisons , let whole innocent families live there , even giving birth there while trying to expell them or pretend that the administration is processing their demand . 
  http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_de_r%c3%a9tention_administrative_en_france this is not by far the craziest that any country can do , but this is much closer than what sweden does . 
  note that refusing an extradition is not the same as recognizing someone as innocent . 
  it is just a statement that the demanding country does not have a balanced judicial system . 
  oh yes , sure , after she sued sweden into respecting the eu law . 
  a very short process that just takes a few years . 
  yes , i also would be in favor of taxing individuals harsher instead of companies . 
  it still makes sense to tax companies based on the cost of externalities ( pollution , harder strain on infrastructures , etc. . . ) but the individuals income is what should be taxed . 
  then you can make some rules about how you need to have a fiscal residence in the same country as the company you receive dividends from . 
  we would then see which ceo favor the company 's profits before theirs . 
  yes , it is very easy to have a zero profit when you have a subsidiary in another country who needs to buy `` intellectual rights '' from you at a price that mysteriously fluctuates every year . 
  are they ? 
  our budget minister had already switched to singapore in 2002 . 
  you almost cheer me up . 
  however :  what 's more important than the newspapers and media knowing we know , is that the politicians know . 
  there , journalists have a say . 
  they simply can go ask politicians what their plans are on this issue . 
  but by doing so , by `` attacking businesses '' , journalists get labelled `` far-left ' . 
  very few ask these questions ( that i personally consider to be centrist or even slightly right wing ), 
  actually , i think i was taught `` color '' and `` center '' instead of `` colour '' and `` centre '' so i 'll go for us english . 
  i was taught there was a difference though . 
  and then came internet access . 
  i now speak internet english . 
  sure , the clock ticks . 
  oh my god !, 
  look at the time !, 
  only one year and seven months before i 'll have to move my funds !, 
  quick !, 
  pass the bucket full of electronic money !, 
  this is good that it gets done . 
  this is bad it will take two years more than necessary to do . 
   your lengthy post implies as if taxing the shit out companies is a good thing . 
  then you understand it bad . 
  i am saying that any tax rate above zero can be seen as prohibitive for companies if 0 % is what they can get somewhere else . 
  i do think that taxing companies is a good thing . 
  there is a sane amount of tax , and every country agrees on that . 
  you have to be very hard core fiscal conservative to argue with a 0 % tax rate , which seems to currently be market 's optimum . 
   earning a profit is not a crime . 
  trying to keep what you 've earned is not a crime either . 
  what part of `` the companies using these loopholes are not even at fault . 
  this is the legislators , either through incompetence or through corruption , who made this waste possible . '', 
  did you not understand ? 
  an article in [ le monde ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/technologies/article/2013/05/21/apple-accuse-de-detournements-d-impots_3400356_651865.html ) is even harsher . 
  they say that apple negotiated to pay a 2 % tax rate in ireland , and that they do n't even pay that . 
  that most of their revenues in other countries is not taxed . 
  overall , it seems that apple paid less than 20 millions in tax in europe last year . 
  seriously , we are being said constantly that if we tax companies more , they will go abroad , but if 0 % is the rate we are competing against , there is a serious systemic failure . 
  it is about fucking time that this makes the news , but i do n't hold my breath : it will be forgotten in two weeks , just like were the articles about total ( 0 $ of tax in france and 10 billions in dividends a few years ago ) , google , starbucks and now apple ( which was quite well known for a long time : the offshore 100 billions of dollars that apple ca n't bring back in us always made me smile ) . 
  and the companies using these loopholes are not even at fault . 
  this is the legislators , either through incompetence or through corruption , who made this waste possible . 
  guys , if you did your job correctly , you could balance states ' budgets overnight . 
  / u/keepthepace replies : `` we do n't care what names football fans call each other '', 
  in kosovo , religion is also a factor . 
  in catalonia , language is a factor . 
  the ump is still unified . 
  fillon and cop\u00e9 know that if the party breaks up , no one will win . 
  see ? 
  you assume that immigrant = = muslim . 
  this is simply not the case , this was even less the case in earlier generations . 
  but in the latest generation , some of the darker skinned young french saw that radical islam was a lot more accepting than france . 
  i do n't question that some immigrants are absolutely refusing to integrate for very bad reasons , but i also know for sure that i would not want to live in a france where all my friends of 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants would be absent . 
  yes , indeed , france would be poorer without their skills . 
  density of lights ! = light pollution in a clear atmosphere ( like egypt 's ) this is much less of a problem than in a dense and humid one ( like in japan ), 
  wow , since the franks ... man , there are many episodes you may have missed then ... 
   do most of them have a story about their grandparents fighting the germans or being in the resistance . 
  a lot of them are harkis descendant , who have witnessed first hand how france spitted on ** soldiers ** that fought for france , because of their origin . 
  what makes you believe that the majority of imprisoned muslims are immigrants ? 
  second , third , fourth generation immigrant still do not feel integrated in france . 
  they feel tired that when they speak arabic , they are looked like they are islamic terrorists . 
  so what happens when society tells you that no matter what , you 'll remain a muslim ? 
  well , maybe you try to become one , especially if your life look like a dead end , like in prison .
