  exactly . 
  this is an interesting paradox . 
  you could see it as an indirect exploit of the patriarchal society : why is it that fresh young boobs get the message across afficiently ? 
  exactly the values that this message denounces !, 
  one point of view is to see that as a contradiction in the feminist practice , but another way would be to look at it like control engineering : the day when naked boobs are only met with indifference , an important fight of theirs will have been won . 
  public school is too popular in france to attack it directly , but we do have private schools as well . 
  sarkozy 's government tried to sabotage public services , including education and healthcare , to force people going into the private sector . 
  it takes a few years to convince people that the public service does n't work anymore but they did a good job making it unable to fulfill its missions correctly . 
  several members of the givt staff stated that , yes , the private sector was more adequate for these missions . 
  yes , when you send your kids to private school ( like my parents did ) it means you have to pay to put your 6 years old to school . 
  here youngsters tend to tour the eastern countries once in a while , however changing countries to live there is still made difficult by the barrier of language . 
  a lot of people will speak english , but relatively few people speak the native language of another eu country . 
  in berlin shopkeepers kept embarassing me : i was there in part to learn german , so i talked in german in shops and restaurants , and half of the time i was answered in french . 
  we have so many things to learn from german , how do they manage to be so nice and so embarassing at the same time ? 
  the trick works in paris , and i guess in many similar places : do n't ask if they speak english , just try to order with their own language and your accent will make them switch to functional english quickly . 
  if you are gay in italy , better dress up as a priest to avoid problems . 
  the latest scandals raise an interesting question : where would you rate the vatican ? 
  it is also a hack of the current media structure where pictures of boobs guarantees a lot of forward , especially to the people who would need the message to get accross . 
  observe how these actions always seem to involve pretty women . 
  there are 60 yo women in these groups too , but they understand that them being topless would not trigger the same reaction . 
  topless feminist protests always involve pretty young women otherwise it would n't work well . 
  the admission or refusal of this fact leads to interesting debates , 
  topless protesting is not inherently feminist . 
  the right to show their body in iran is . 
  you can organize a topless protest agaisnt women 's right , it would n't be feminist . 
  peta organized topless ( ang even naked iirc ) protests for animal rights . 
  it was not feminist ( and some may argue it was even women 's exploitation ), 
  i do n't believe in multiculturalism , i believe in integration . 
  multiculturalism is the worst compromise that we had to settle to because your kind wo n't allow proper integration . 
  do lawmakers have the time , before a ballot is made , to make laws that would make the petition redundant ? 
  if yes , this seems more like a shortcoming of lawmakers than of the system . 
  i mean exactly that : they were pushing for basic health insurance not being guaranteed and for scraping public education . 
  socialism is when the state is a big economic agent and provides a broad range of services . 
  i do n't see the difference between your definition and communism . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  this is the problem of talking politics in an english-speaking forum with so many different nationality  i often wondered if americans make a difference between communism and socialism ? 
  they seem to be used as synonyms by uncle sam ? 
  oh , i can guess that syriza is not perfect either , but admit that :  they 'll cover them , no matter how clear the evidence is , syriza will start claiming that they are workers of the proletariat and that 10-20 politicians are responsible for everything even if they condemn 10 politicians , it is far more than the former mainstream parties proposed to do . 
  yes , it is not the ideal solution , yet some politicians would have to have been convicted . 
  it did not happen , so the legitimacy of the party who covered them is now nil . 
  everyone says that there is a dysfunctionning public service in greece . 
  some propose to fix it , and other to just privatize it . 
  i do believe that fixes are possible , and that it takes a party commited to make the public service work for that . 
  radical left may be the best bet , otherwise you end up with a situation like us : people do not believe that the government can do anything efficiently , so they do not give them the means to do anything efficiently . 
  if you have sourced numbers i would be interested . 
  i did not manage to find a source on the extent to which they were privatized . 
  heh , they trusted the banks too much . 
  i guess it supports my point that israelian government did not try to preserve their structure : these experiments are of negative interest in too many political agendas . 
  from what i understand , switzerland avoids this problem by having lawmakers make laws to adress the petition problem before the ballot , often resulting in better crafted laws . 
  they seem to see a successful referendum as a coming defeat in the next elections . 
  does the californian system prevent that ? 
  but it has been a theory of mine : direct democracy makes a clear case to have a better education . 
  if you do n't want dumb laws , you need people more educated in a variety of matters . 
  well , there are as many definition of democracy as there are democrats  yes , i agree that this is an anomalous situation , yet it is totally normal in a representative republic , this is a feature of this system which supposes that there are unpopular reforms that must imposed on the people . 
  i do n't say we disagree on everything , but you seem more hostile to left-wing policies than i am , so i suspect we disagree on some things . 
  however , if you organize an action to ask for direct democracy , i would gladly support you , knowing that our disagreements would then be solved by voting , and that we would both respect a result from a vote . 
  i would love it , but picture what you need to sell this idea : `` well this experiment could show how your party did everything wrong since its birth and how we can change all the rules to make it better . 
  we just need your authorization ''  talking about communist experiments , no one seems to know about israelian kibbutz : community farms or factory where communism is the rule inside while they act like aggressive capitalist agents on the outside . 
  they account for 10 % of israel 's gdp ( though this also accounts for religious kibbutz ) . 
  successful experiment that no one talks about . 
   what about having a government doing spending 3/4 or 4/5 people disagree with ? 
  what 's it , then ? 
  it is a government with a 75 % disapproval rating . 
  not unheard of in democracy . 
  you seem however to have a specific country in mind . 
  which is it that has a 20 % approval rating ? 
  this is quite low . 
   switzerland seems to be doing great , actually . 
  in case it was n't clear : i wholeheartedly agree , and i will be on your side if you ask for direct democracy , even if we disagree on virtually everything else . 
  i agree with the lack of a vision of the future . 
  ecologism does not quite cut it . 
  technologism is not popular anymore . 
  communism is considered a dead end . 
  as de gaulle used to say : `` catholicism is obsolete , communism does n't work , we lack mystics . '', 
  and `` anything '' includes making arson in buildings housing foreigners . 
  well , having a government doing spending without asking your advice is called representative democracy . 
  it is done by any party . 
  if you do n't like it , ask direct democracy ( and you 'll have my axe btw ), 
  it may even be easier if we could guarantee our solidarity in case of failure . 
  but however , i do n't think trying strategies in small areas would change much : look at how iceland showed how to deal with failing banks ( let them fail and get out of recession in a few years ) and it is never seen as a credible example . 
  look at how switzerland is an incredibly successful experiment in direct democracy : people keep saying `` nah , it will never scale '' . 
  there are already dozen of experiments going on . 
  but no one looks at them . 
  heh , the `` front de gauche '' in france has a program that is more right-wing than mitterrand in 1981 ( who was a socialist : moderate left ) . 
  it is laughable . 
  i still consider myself to be a centrist ( even slightly right-leaning on some issues ) yet i vote for someone labelled far-left . 
  2013 politics are just crazy . 
  some say that since the ussr fell , most leaders lost the incentive to propose social advancements to prevent the rise of communist revolutions . 
  this is a theory i usually hear from anarcho-leftist hippies , but as time passes , i do believe it does make sense . 
  hmmm , i ca n't comment for other countries , but the right-wing party in france has been pushing for private healthcare systems and for more private education . 
  i had the feeling that they were not alone in europe . 
  polls prove that czechs do not think that communism is the only way to get those , but they remember that these services were present and working during this time . 
  well , it is usually called socialism when it is democratic . 
  several european democracies have successfully implemented it . 
  are they ? 
  golden dawn is still a minority movement . 
  syriza is first in the polls . 
  a new moderate party will probably form ( though i would not really label syriza as really radical ) but right now the existing ones are totally discredited . 
  far-right still does lower scores in greece than in my country you know ... 
  i 'll tell you how i read it : i read it like `` a smart left-wing party is rising , but it is not centrist-enough for us , so we will paint it as extremist and build a narrative of violence against far-right '' .
