  i already translated all the free-speech limitation rules :-p i was not aware of all these limitations and ponder trolling about them ( i feel like cultures should be criticizable ) but well ... 
  * it will go well . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  people with a safety net are more keen to switch jobs , and people who are more mobile usually end up in jobs they like better . 
  and people who end up in jobs they like better are usually more keen to work . 
  a side effect is also that people with safety nets are also more keen to spend , driving growth . 
  if i know that the first medical issue i have can cost me 20 000 euros , i will try to have that on my account at all time . 
  if i know that life-saving operations will be paid for , i can spend more of my savings . 
  they are not part of the euro zone . 
  that makes their problem of a totally different nature . 
  their crisis makes it dangerous to hold huge reserve in their currency ( hryvnia ? ), 
  which is kind of expected for a country at war . 
  winners will have the ability to devaluate the currency later on or even totally change the currency using its own national sovereignty . 
  greece puts uncertainty on the euro itself in a peace situation and requires a solution at the european level . 
  everytime i have a `` this content is not available in your area '' i think that someone is totally failing at this internet thing . 
  to be honest , on day 1 , 2 and 3 i have read a lot about it , and the only certainty that there was , was that it was a military missile that downed the plane and likely a ground-based missile . 
  there was a twitter account linked to pro-separatists which claimed to be the responsible before it was known to be a civilian plane , as well as radio recording of the conversation of people discovering the truth . 
  however , i did not consider it a crazy conspiracy to imagine that both of these could have been fabricated . 
  imo the two best arguments to exclude a ukrainian responsibility were : - that a trained operator always check for civilian transponders before shooting ( and honestly this is a * very * easy procedure ) - that ukrainian army had no reason to deploy such weapons , considering that the separatists do not have an air force . 
  so i always leaned on a separatist responsibility but having a good proof is good . 
  the last cease-fire agreements have a clause offering forgiveness for a whole range of action that implicitly includes this attack . 
  the pope [ approves ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/the-pope/11193681/pope-francis-praises-exorcists-for-combating-the-devils-works.html ) . 
  and remember , it is a modern one . 
  / hug reading on the various religious/atheist subreddits i realize how lucky i am to not have wasted years reversing some religious brainwashing . 
  fr : immigrant and gypsies . 
  the far left focuses more on bankers and the world of finance . 
  depending on the eu calendar , eu can get some blame , especially germany . 
  most french would not call it centre-right either . 
  none were taken by the front national , but seeing how extreme some members of the ump can be , i would not go as far as to say that the extreme right won no department . 
  i would call the ump far-right , but what do i know , i am just a centrist hippie ... 
  internet . 
  making people share ideas . 
  smart people share smart ideas , idiots share idiotic ideas . 
  both atheism and creationism are spreading . 
  catholics will have a hard time being creationists , as the church , more or less , recognizes evolution ( but still has its own brand of intelligent design ) . 
  so it will be mostly protestants , muslims or random nutjobs . 
  i did not expect philippines , malaysia and indonesia to have doubts on the matter , to be honest . 
  and i did not know that south america was so tolerant despite a high religiousity . 
  it has been a long time since i read his m\u00e9moires de guerre but i seem to recall that he at least considered stepping down at this moment and that he was basically unavailable for a few days . 
  i think it is his son who talks about this suicide thing . 
  considering a few other traits that he acquired at the end of the war ( not afraid of death , talking about himself at the third person ) i think it matches fairly well the narrative that he considered himself as well as dead and was not interested in anything else than his mark on history . 
   france and other european nations made proposals to change their privacy/data collection legislation very soon after the ch attack . 
  interestingly , most of the changes were made in a relative indifference two months prior to the attack . 
  after the charlie attacks , there were calls for a `` patriot act \u00e0 la fran\u00e7aise '' which were very coldly received . 
   what are the greeks waiting for then ? 
  probably the last moment , seeing as how the last round has shown that early agreement was a waste of time . 
  the lower left corner makes you understand why de gaulle considered suicide when the whole french navy was lost to germany ... 
   the average engineer does n't know more about governance the average lawyer does not know anything about industry . 
  there is no shortage of poor industrial decisions that were made because of lack of technical oversight and because of a pure financial view of the situation . 
   ( except for ethnic russians returning to russia ) . 
  well they may be more than you believe then . 
  well south korea went better from the point where it kicked the us puppet out . 
  arguably afghanistan is not too bad . 
  iraq war was a very , very poor decision that everyone in the world warned the us against . 
  japan has a capitalist system and very low inequalities . 
  apparently due to the respect of some general ethics . 
  i really wonder if they would not have fared well under communism . 
  oh and the ldp is still in power . 
  there were only 4 years since the 50s where they were not in power . 
  since 2012 they are back in and probably for a pretty long time . 
  i remember when i visit budapest ( not czech republic i know ) for the first time . 
  it felt glorious , like some old parts of paris . 
  you could feel the powerful civilization that was put on hold there . 
  yes , heartbreaking . 
  when i see stats about france ranking in the first ten countries of anything ( # 6 gdp ? 
  seriously ? 
  we have an insignificant population ! ), 
  it somehow feels undeserved . 
  pure luck . 
  it is purely due to our position in europe that we did not end up as a part of ussr . 
  i wish more people realized that when they criticize opening borders with eastern european countries . 
  racist is not really the word , but it comes from the fact that outside public institution or the military , the main groups to proudly display french flags everywhere are far-right xenophobes . 
  it is not a 100 % rule though . 
  in * practice * it is true but we all know that nothing in the french flag implies the rejection of foreigners or racism . 
  so if someone waves a french flag in france , it wo n't be seen automatically as a racist act , but it will trigger question and suspicion . 
  showing your flag * in france * is seen as a xenophobic act , because outside public institutions ( city hall , army facilities , police stations ) a flag is a pretty uncommon sight . 
  the implied message is `` here is france , not < insert disliked country here  '' . 
  i find it a bit sad but that is the perception right now . 
  outside of france , however , it is not really frowned upon . 
  it is a bit similar to showing what your favorite sport team is . 
  every summer , yeah i know ... 
   recent statements by russian ambassador mikhail vanin that danish warships could become the target of russian nukes , should the country participate in nato 's missile defence , have drawn a sharp reaction from nato . 
  actually on this one i do n't see any update on their military doctrine . 
  this is still plain old mad and i am not sure how this is actually news . 
  `` no , i wo n't eat your body . '', 
  always expect germans to come back ... 
  ben ali was president from 1989 to 2011 . 
  sure , a radiating democracy that was !, 
  the debate about the waterloo coin is the dumbest thing i have ever heard . 
  of course they should get it !, 
  the funny thing is that this was uk that imposed a national side on the currencies because they wanted that the queen was on their coins . 
  then they finally decided to not join the eurozone . 
  trolling eu like bosses ... 
  i say we should put a guillotine on our one euro coins . 
  amateurs . 
  they are selling ship flags when we are selling flagships to them !, 
  we should really get rid of this consensus rule before enlarging . 
  hell , we should have done that even before going from 12 to 15 . 
  i doubt european stability would be troubled much by mess in russia . 
  quite the contrary .
