  what had the biggest impact ? 
  petition ? 
  people really converted to opposition in the political sphere ? 
  media indignation ? 
  i woudl like to know the biggest impact action . 
  i do still believe that a petition alone , even with millions of signatures , do not change anything . 
  actually , i am quite allright with that . 
  when i sign a petition , i do n't do it anoymously . 
  but i think they should remove the option to not have your name published . 
  `` we wo n't give your name , just your ip adress '', 
  see , there is an interesting observation on this assumption . 
  if the rate of loans made to greece are higher than 0 % ( or than worldwide inflation ) it is because they do n't * have too * pay back . 
  it is merely a moral obligation and the money paid in supplement is there to cover what economists call the moral hazard . 
  some people consider that after several years of loans at a 10 % rate , it would be fair to write off 10 % of the debt . 
  or to simply repay it with lower interest rates . 
  countries do n't have to pay back their debts . 
  they just gave their word for it , but in light of several scandals , i would not be shocked if greece decided to write off a part of its debt . 
  i think people calling meps have more impact than a petition with an unverifiable numebr of signatories . 
  it would be nice to remove google-analytics scripts from this page . 
  the irony is really burning with this . 
  `` sign this petition to ask that they stop tracking me !, 
  says the site which installed a voluntary tracker . '', 
  and the last time a petition changed a policy was ? 
  but in germany , there is a stronger stigmata as being labeled a dictatorship sympathizer . 
   the responses where along the lines of `` and you 'd prefer having a terrorist blow up the school ? '' ... 
  you turn calmly to the person , and with a quiet tone answer `` yes , i do . 
  do you prefer to live in a dictatorship in exchange of a marginal decrease in criminality ? '', 
  in china , you can use encryption , but the government has to have the keys to break it . 
  they provide fake ssl certificates and the such . 
  you can have business-compatible encryption without having privacy-protecting encryption . 
  i am sorry , but a dystopic future , of closed technologies , obscured cryptography controlled by governmental entities and where privacy is absent is totally possible . 
  i downvoted it and keep it downvoted . 
  i disagree with its premises : the definition used for xenophobia is too far from the commonly agreed one , and i missed the part where he proves that there has been more that anecdotal and local rises . 
  actually , i downvote it because there is a prevalent trend , ( i would say agenda if i felt conspirationist ) in the media to talk about the rise of far-right and presenting moderate right-wing parties as the only alternative . 
  in greece , the far-right went from very low scores ( ~ 3 % ) to low scores ( ~ 7 % ) . 
  the reason is simple : the two majority parties imploded . 
  golden dawn got some of these electors , but never do articles mention that the far left party almost quadrupled his voices and became # 1 in the meantime . 
  hungary and bulgaria are the anecdotal evidences of this rise in europe . 
  austria has always been more right-inclined than most eu countries and the part about switzerland is totally misleading : the far-right party there did not get enough power to decide on xenophobic law , instead it used the constitutional direct democracy device in swiss constitution that allows to make a referendum over popular petitions ( a very good system by the way ) . 
  it is the whole population that decided that they did not want to allow the construction of minarets ( which are not mosques , but only the part of the mosque that makes sound nuisance by calling a 95 % non-muslim population to prayers ) . 
  you do n't have to be xenophobic to be in favor , just to dislike religiously-motivated sound nuisances . 
  the far right party try to spin this to show that they had gained support in the population but this is pure spin . 
  anyone who observed french politics will know that le pen 's accession to the second turn of the presidential election was just a bizarre turn of events that was caused by a very low voting rates during the first turn . 
  the far right is stable here , the front national got better scores because it absorbed smaller structure in recent years . 
  birthrights are a thing of the undemocratic past . 
  a pure local breed that shows contempt for national values deserves less from its society than an immigrant who respects and serves them . 
  it amuses me that most racists here make more grammar error in french than a lot of immigrants who learnt an academic french and at the very least know better than to write it phonetically . 
  stay where you are and solve the problems where you are . 
  if every people of good will emigrate from their countries , there will be no good countries to emigrate to in the end . 
  of course it is . 
  look at apple 's app store : walled garden and heavy censorship , yet considered a business dreamland . 
  i do think it is essentially a system change when the people can overthrow directly and quickly any decision made by the parliament . 
  it looks like a single additional lines in their constitution , but it is as game-changing as `` and from now , the king will be elected by the citizens of the country '' . 
   i believe people are not capable of understanding the particulars of every single issue that affects a country , but they are capable of forming general ideologies - hence the party system . 
  then why are these parties campaigning around particulars issues then ? 
  and seriously , you are using egypt 's recent coup as an example of `` what happens when you put too much democracy ? '', 
  i do n't think that 's the best example . 
   there is n't a good example of true direct democracy switzerland is the closest it gets , imho : 50 000 signatures on a petition =  referendum . 
  if ` yes ' wins =  it is now a law . 
   the beauty of representative democracy is that you establish a co-dependence , the representatives are dependent on the general public , and the general public are dependent on their representatives maybe your system is better tailored than ours , but here , an elected representative , once elected , has earned enough bonus and retirement to not give a fuck at all about his job . 
  he does not need reelection , and actually with some internal party politics , he can be a candidate in a place where he is assured to win , even if wildly unpopular ( sarkozy 's son was elected that way ), 
  direct democracy is the power of the people to exert their will directly . 
  no one suggests that you can run a country without a central administration . 
  just that you do n't need to give them the power that should be in the hands of the people . 
  you have a parliament who takes care of the laws , but as soon as one law is passed that revolts swisses , it is changed . 
  it is direct democracy that uses representation as a tool . 
  just like our current system is a representative democracy using direct referendums as tools . 
  here is how direct democracy works in switzerland : have a parliament , but if a petition gets 50 000 signatures , it triggers a referendum . 
  if the majority votes ` yes ' , you have a new law . 
  ( rules are slightly different for constitutional changes ) this is an implementation that is tested and working well . 
  switzerland is not considered a particularly incoherent country . 
  it chose to not be part of the eu for the same reason it did not want to be part of the un . 
  it has top notch education and healthcare and low taxes . 
  it is often said to be xenophobic , especially by its neighbors who actually vote harsher laws . 
  what problem do you see with their system ? 
  i am not sure what middle grounds you are seeing . 
  you either think that people are capable of understanding how the country should be managed , or you do n't and do n't let them vote on laws or rulers . 
  you are talking about a balance . 
  a balance between what and what ? 
  corrupt government are neutralized with direct democracy . 
  egypt would not have rioted with direct democracy . 
  what is your point with these examples ? 
  i think you are missing an important problem of parliamentary politics and extrapolating it wrongly to direct democracy . 
  in representative systems coalitions suck because representatives do not see each vote as independent but they see each vote as a negotiation token . 
  `` i 'll vote your budget , but you have to give me a voice on tax cuts '' `` but if i vote for tax cuts , the blue party will refuse to back up my military reform '' the merits of the different proposals are then irrelevant . 
  this problem disappears in a direct democracy where people simply vote for or against laws according to the merits they perceive . 
  honestly , i do think you should go a bit deeper on these questions . 
  if you think that people suck enough to vote stupidly on a specific issue , there is no reason to suppose that they will not put a nutjob in power to represent them . 
  either you are in favor of the people deciding what is good for them or you are in favor of an aristocracy , possibly disguised as a representative democracy . 
   because it acts as a filter . 
  if joe bloggs and his backwater village believe that all immigrants should be crucified , he has n't got a voice for that particular opinion to gain traction in the country . 
  what he will instead do is vote for a party with tougher immigration controls . 
  go to the end of your scenario . 
  if he were to vote directly on issues , the `` let 's crucify all roms '' proposal would get 3 % of votes . 
  if close to a majority of the population held such beliefs , you can be sure it would be included in most political programs . 
   now try extending this to an entire country ... people voting according to their opinion on every single issue instead of going alone generic party lines , the horror ... 
  petitions have a huge selection bias , especially petitions that have been proven to be useless . 
  these petitions can not be downvoted , so if there are 100 000 people in favor and 200 000 against , it will still appear as very popular . 
   the vast majority of the public are morons when it comes to specific issues ... why allow them to vote on such an important issue than the people who will be in charge , then ? 
  ok . for now , all the people i have discussed this in depth with either admitted direct democracy was the preferable or that thy did not really believe in democracy .
