  blame sarkozy for that . 
  every human right activist was shouting that it was a bad idea to do business with dictators and that putin was not a good guy , but he still made the deal . 
  hollande would love to have a way to not fulfill the contract , so this is why they are trying to get nato to buy the ships instead . 
  here we go !, 
  on schedule for the final game of the world cup . 
  now grab all you can before the half-time !, 
  except the article says they do n't speak english . 
   that companies look into removal requests , and that denied requests can be heard by a civil authority for reconsideration . 
  so , basically , it asks for the company to make a case for its refusal to remove content . 
  how exactly google is supposed to meet the millions it will receive ? 
  either it can say `` request denied automatically because we do n't have time to look into all of these . '', 
  without facing any trouble , and this cjeu ruling does not change a single thing and is therefore useless . 
  or it need to really to some processing in which case it will probably choose the safest and cheapest option to automatically accept and let the original publisher make their own case to appeal this decision : this is the dmca situation . 
  so tell me , which is it ? 
  the right to be forgotten has been around for a while , and people who defend it are not your usual privacy right activist . 
  the cjeu is not the one writing the law . 
  ok , time to translate a part of a note i wrote in french in 2011 after an open data meeting . 
  ( [ original ] ( http://piepaille.blogspot.jp/2011/12/donnees-publiques-et-publiees-droit.html ) )  ** the right to be forgotten is inapplicable **  the right to be forgotten is more and more debated nowadays [ was written in 2011 ] . 
  this is a good idea , which is unfortunately not technically implementable . 
  one must have the courage to abandon it before too much damage is made in its name . 
   in the same way that you ca n't force someone to forget a fact , you ca n't erase an information from internet . 
  internet is made of the hundreds of millions of computers of its users , and each has the possibility to save anything it wants . 
  asking that data be erased in the name of the right to be forgotten is similar to ask the police come within your home to burn newspaper older than a given date . 
  it is technically impossible to implement this right realistically without opening the door to frightening abuses . 
   anyway , there is no reason to be alarmed : the moral right to be forgotten is already well understood , accepted and applied by most of the population . 
  teenage mistakes are generally well pardoned by society . 
  it is of bad taste for a journalist to find back old faults , however it is considered a fair game in front of public figures who do exactly that . 
  so really , after they tried it with terrorism , pedophilia , copyright infringement , the right to be forgotten is the new trojan horse used to disguise internet monitoring and censorship as an honourable endeavour . 
  dont ' t buy into it . 
   as for the media myth created to make populations of northern countries feel righteous and supportive for the austerity/colonization experiment in greece , that of bad , lazy , cheating people being rightfully punished by the saintly , just eu ... sorry i ca n't go there again . 
  i 'd like to avoid a stroke . 
  do n't worry , those of us who can think correctly know that when such a high proportion of people evade taxes , there is something fucked up in the system itself , not just within the population . 
  possibly . 
  i find that the weirdest thing ever is [ mussolini 's headquarters ] ( http://i1.wp.com/www.retronaut.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/mussolini.jpg?resize=680%2c467 ) ( si means yes ) i mean , it totally lacks subtlety . 
  exactly : for them , it being illegal was the last of their worries . 
  you always can . 
  a thing being illegal does not make it impossible . 
  during the world cup , international opinion is focused on football . 
  no one cares about ongoing wars or laws being passed . 
  and i swear , this is one of the busiest time for legislators . 
  i would say yes . 
  i tend to use fascism and authoritarianism or police state interchangeably but some people , especially historian , insist that fascism only applies to mussolini 's government and has a lot of characteristics that most authoritarians nowadays do not meet . 
  in theory , to call someone a fascist is as often inaccurate as calling someone a nazi . 
  i 'll continue however to call a fascist someone who promotes a personified power and wants to destroy the separation of powers . 
  i 'll acknowledge that it is actually a metonymy if some definition-nazi asks me . 
  i do n't know where you are from , but i have encountered an interesting theory on the influence of the ussr collapse on the french ( and presumably western ) right-left axis in politics . 
  it said that as long as ussr existed , and financed far-left groups across the world , right-wing capitalism tried to be more or less associated with democratic principles , and tried to undermine far-left support by indulging in far more social welfare measures than they would naturally do . 
  since 1991 , however , every welfare program is seen as a leftist thing . 
  fighting the inequalities ( which used to be a right-wing value !, 
  ) , fighting monopolies are not considered right-wing values anymore . 
  they do n't have to fight a push or a pull from a worldwide villain anymore . 
  can putin 's russia have a similar role ? 
  if so , it wo n't be as a communist state . 
  we can debate over that , but most of putin 's values echo far-right values . 
  religion , anti-foreigners , anti-gays , pan-nationalism , enforced morality ... 
  so how would it work ? 
  would it exert a push or a pull pressure ? 
  will right-wing parties benefit or suffer from a proximity to russia 's strong man 's ideas ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i do think however that russia is drawing a new moral landscape in europe and sitting at one end of the spectrum . 
  i would love for it to make the old right/left axis obsolete . 
  well , a lot of things make a war materially very hard . 
  erasmus and other things work toward making them totally undesired . 
  in the words of a famous french humorist : `` we are totally fucked up , look at our youngsters : beatniks . 
  they do n't want to make war . 
  i heard that even the young germans do n't want to make war . 
  gives you an idea of the mess we are in ... '', 
  if russia was an ally to us an a candidate for eu , putin would have a hard time explain why he needs absolute power . 
  having powerful ( but not too aggressive please ) enemies is an absolute necessity for a dictator . 
  student parties are the crucible in which you forge the solidarity between nations so that one day we may have a single people in europe instead of a patchwork of national interests . 
  read what is in the russian laws . 
  it is worst acta and sopa together . 
  this is their worst case scenario x 1000 . 
  the world cup is a gift from heaven for political leaders with an agenda . 
  burn gaza , turn russia into a real dictatorship , people wo n't get into outrage before the final . 
  if you replace `` fascist '' ( which no two people use in the same meaning ) with `` authoritarian '' , this has pretty much been the case since 1945 . 
  or 1975 , depending on how you view franco and the greek dictatorship . 
  while you can . 
  mother russia will be assuming stewardship of reddit from now . 
  please continue your activities without any worry . 
  do n't mind the corpses . 
  i was happy that putin reminded us what a real and self-confident liar really looked like , i am doubly happy that he also reminds how quickly you can curb down dissent when you have enough bigoted support . 
  switzerland , you are not even trying ... 
  this project is actually older than the eu . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union and indeed , usa stated repeatedly and publicly that they do not want it because they fear it would weaken nato . 
  now i am picturing you as poland here : http://satwcomic.com/how-to-keep-friends, 
  agreed about science and humanities : scientists make great `` social sciences '' researchers . 
  about languages . 
  german is only relevant in a small chunk of the world , which does happen to be economically dynamic , but it is very small . 
  french is spoken in a lot of african countries , spanish in most latin-america country . 
  so it really depends on where op plans to spend his time in the future . 
  been there . 
  done that . 
  confirmed to work fine . 
  my added advice : go for automation and industrial processes . 
  this is not clear at all . 
  the rate at which france borrows money now is at an historic low ( lowest rate since 1940 ) k. rogoff is a well-known debt eschatologist who actually became famous twice . 
  first , when he got quoted by a lot of people desperate to have a strong empirical proof of the evils of public deficit , and second , when it was proven that his most famous paper that was the basis of so much policies was actually full of mistakes that totally changed the result . 
  no one should take him too seriously . 
  if your goal is to protect against russia , you do n't even need the whole europe .
