  i know of several people , who are of algerian or moroccan descent , who bring great values to the french society . 
  i even know one who is a cop . 
  ( heh , he understood that he would never raise very high in the hierarchy )  at the very least if an immigrant commits a crime ( whatever his faith ) then kick him out . 
  if you think it is easy to stay in france after having been convicted , i guess you do n't know the ( frankly shameful ) immigration procedures in france . 
  believe me , they already are hard enough . 
  a village of 36 people , give me a break ... do you want me to make a frightening report about the `` tip of the iceberg '' about france becoming a lesbian nation with men outlawed ? 
  i know of a lesbian community that may very well be larger than this `` village '' . 
  not unless the majority of the voters see what is at stakes . 
  the next big left wing party will be determined by the first polls . 
  if they indicate a lead in syriza or in plan b , it will attract more ... 
   the left has this incredible tendency to become fractured all the time . 
  makes you almost believe that someone would have interest in causing this ... 
  he also called russia a big democracy . 
  i guess russian passport for tax evasion come with ( puppet ) - strings attached . 
  i feel sad that the pirate party is a joke in my country , but it really seems to be a nice thing in sweden . 
  to add to your comment , this is the whole theory about the [ optimal currency area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) : a zone with a single currency needs to have a single monetary policy and close to no internal competition between geographical areas . 
  i used to think that we could end up melting in the same country by giving more and more power to brussels as we increase the legitimacy of the eu by bringing more democracy in its institutions , but the last years have seen my cynicism raise the point where i think that anything that bring more democracy into eu will be opposed very strongly , and anything that removes sovereignty from member states will be equally opposed . 
  we have made eu the scapegoat of failed national policies , so now a huge proportion of the population will refuse to abandon more sovereignty to it . 
  however , in retrospect , i think the eu was doomed the day it imposed the unanimity rule to decide on any binding proposition . 
  we should never have accepted to grow beyond 5 members with this rule . 
   most of those who fought against the police , or at least the instigators , are the far right youth who are used to fighting against the police , and always have well , i was basing this on the affirmation by the protest organizers that toddler and retired people had been charged by the police , but you know what ? 
  i can totally imagine they invented it . 
  the thing is , the * police brutality * that these guys are denouncing is quite abnormal , i agree about that , but it is really soft compared to what was the norm a few years ago . 
  several people here have made good arguments . 
  i ignored the russian ruble was pegged to the dollar . 
  i still think china is a safer bet than us but their rating is actually quite close . 
  nevermind what i said . 
  some doors have to be opened by guns . 
  on my field , i was more thinking about `` vehicle sized armored vehicle '' , and am confident this would have given a boost to the project . 
  i do n't know the world of aerial vehicles well enough to be sure , but transforming a regular small plane into an unmanned vehicle seems very straightforward to me . 
  first drones , even made by us air force 's big contractor were just that : modification of known models . 
  us air forces does have uavs since 80s and earlier . 
  it is actually a very old tech that i do n't understand why it was not used in armed combat before . 
  if there are already drones to be improved , let this team tear it down and rebuild it better , improving it iteratively . 
  us air force did not come up with the predator instantly . 
  if eu tries to do that , it is doomed to fail . 
  and gay rights !, 
  surely the work of satan !, 
  french , catholic , proud , and a minority . 
  it is funny to read interviews about these . 
  they are discovering the world of protests that are met with police violence and political indifference . 
  it somehow comforts me that the `` naive revolutionary protest-going youth '' now means a right wing bigot . 
  i have worked on terrestrial drone projects . 
  i am sure that in half of these projects , financing a 2 weeks hackaton with a small team of motivated developers for 500,000 $ would create more result than multi-billion multi-year programs . 
  sure , it would make them more attractive . 
  yet , how can it be conceived that they would default on their debt or even go bankrupt ? 
  they have the possibility to prevent that and every incentive to indicate that they would . 
  i do n't see what the us is immune about that neither russia nor china ( aa - ) are not . 
  ok , and how can russia not decide , one day , to stop to peg its currency ? 
  china can print a lot of money to , but unlike usa , it does n't need to . 
  this makes the usd lose value compared to the yuan : https://www.google.fr/search?q=usd+vs+yuan i do n't see any monetary policy that the usa can do that china can not . 
  are china ( aa - ) or russia ( bbb ) more likely to get bankrupt ? 
  is usa less likely to use debt defaults as an economical weapon ( after having labelled the other party ` terrorist ' for instance ) ? 
  russia : debt at 11 % of gdp , makes its own money , rating : bbb . 
  please explain . 
  `` in the fictional realm of notation agencies where usa is still aaa '', 
  you can [ get away with so many things when you also are an humorist ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilq_ifkltqm ) ( yes it is him ), 
   nazi ( he apologized for it ) hah !, 
  reykjavik 's mayor had [ no regrets ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilq_ifkltqm ) about that . 
  i read it `` estonia ranked # 1 place to invade in europe '' . 
  hey russia !, 
  do n't look at it this way !, 
  sorry , what is the question exactly ? 
  austerity is a bad policy that does n't work , everyone begins to now accept this fact , so just stop it . 
  why do you want to replace it by something else ? 
  just stop it . 
  stopping it would just mean that countries should be allowed to run a deficit during crisis . 
   yet austerity is not about to end . 
  for countries in bail-out programmes , less of it means asking creditors for bigger loans ( or a debt write-off ) . 
  and nobody seriously suggests fiscal stimulus : the only question is how far deficit-cutting should be slowed . 
  well , here is your solution : more fiscal stimulus . 
  `` nobody seriously suggesting it '' is not an argument at all . 
  everyone `` serious '' was for austerity a few years ago . 
  kickstart growth by raising demand , rebalance profits from capitals and profit from wages , and there you go . 
  if you remove the theory of austerity , you are left with the theory of the stimulus . 
  this is `` what is after austerity . '', 
  i hope it does n't take another 10 years to realize it . 
  even without fiscal stimulus , we could simply allow countries like greece have a deficit over 10 % of gnp and fund them through loans accordingly . 
  during a harsh crisis , they are doomed to have low gnp and very high benefit costs . 
  stimulus would help make this situation temporary instead of permanent . 
   france will be a test-case . 
  it is likely to get another year to meet its target , in exchange for a promise of more structural reforms . 
  seriously , the economist is not making any in depth analysis on its subjects . 
  france has gone away with big deficits since forever , like most countries of the eu . 
  every year the eu says `` this is bad , do n't do that . '', 
  and every year , france answers `` oh yeah , so what ? 
  want us to leave ? '', 
  hollande did promise far less than what austerians would like . 
  he made half-assed promises that are quite modest , and that can be dismissed when france wants . 
  what about making turkish and cypriot nationality mutually exclusive ? 
  my understanding was that it was mainly west-germans who jked about that . 
  is ostalgie so prevalent amongst east-germans as well ? 
  i guess the question is : who gets to keep merkel ? 
  i was explained this was more of a translation in the spirit of `` country of the human rights '' shorten for pronunciation 's sake . 
  if that is true , well , that 's a quite cool name . 
  i 'll still give them credit for popularizing liquid democracy and setting up some servers to implement the idea . 
  it may fail , but this idea is ultimately good . 
  [ they always come from germany ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xa48er_serge-reggiani-les-loups-sont-entre_music ), 
  are you messing with my head ? 
  i was told this of budapest !,
