  i indeed am . 
  this is a private justice , which is totally contrary to what a democratic society is supposed to be about . 
  i understand nothing about the french opinion , and sarkozy seems to be a master of communication , so my guess is probably irrelevant . 
  he keeps gaining popularity while he is absent from the scene . 
  he lets everyone fall deep and i believe that when he will start talking again , he will get a barrage of criticism that will be very hard to defend again so my bet is that he will come back as late as possible . 
  preferably after he gets one of his `` affairs '' sorted out and he can pretend that all the other are just smoke and mirror . 
  i really suspect that the latest one , which is really weird and does not look like things he would do ( drug smuggling ) , may be engineered specially for that purpose . 
  give it a year or two to inflate , and my bet would be late 2015 . 
  gives him one year to campaign . 
  fair enough , 
  of hollande , le pen and sarkozy , i 'd vote hollande . 
  and seriously wonder if i still believe in democracy . 
  but the think is : all the moderate right wing is waiting for his announced and expected return . 
  some tried to take the spotlight , they were burnt , badly . 
  so everyone waits for him to return . 
  either to rally him or to fight him but he currently has the initiative . 
  i am half expecting a return of de villepin , who could rally an interesting crowd , but i do n't really believe it . 
   what kind of bullshit is that , where a state can intentionally harm people for political reasons , not because of any actual need ? 
  it is called democracy and sovereignty , man . 
  look it up . 
  australia can decide to go full coal , germany to phase out nuclear and us to promote obesity . 
  `` just because '' . 
  oh and they do n't worry , they rationalize all these things because of a need : australia needs more exports and mining , germany needs green energy and us needs jobs in the agricultural sector . 
   they 've banned minarets . 
  yep . 
  they 've banned minaret . 
  they have n't invaded a country ` by mistake ' or have made military deals with all the obvious dictators of northern-africa and russia . 
  no , their biggest failing that everyone keep repeating is that they banned minaret . 
  a thing that no one , not even muslims care about . 
  meanwhile , in france , it is mosques that are almost impossible to build . 
  yeah , to live in the country with the 3rd hdi in the world you have to accept that there wo n't be minarets on mosques . 
   they 've screwed themselves on billions in research grants plus lost things like erasmus . 
  and yet , strangely , they have some of the best research labs of europe . 
  yes , switzerland tends to be a bit more xenophobic and misogynistic than its neighbors ( though they could make a contest with austria i guess ) but this is a feature of the population , not of the system . 
  and given your assumption that a country ca n't be managed or economically survive if the population gets a say in every important treaty or law made , i would say that switzerland proves this to be totally wrong . 
   the public is largely apathetic because they 're apathetic , not because they 're not asked . 
  the public here knows about all the life and gossips of all the possible presidential candidates . 
  because that 's basically the only choice we got . 
  when there was the referendum over the eu constitution however , ** a lot ** of people suddenly knew more about the institutions . 
  i remember speaking with a taxi driver in berlin about the declaration of human rights they put in it . 
  people knew about a lot of the important things : consensus required , death penalty abolished everywhere , how eu laws get decided , what their extent were . 
  and go in switzerland , everyone knows a lot about minarets now !, 
  that 's indeed beside the point . 
  the point is to show that in a lot of issues , this is not a clear cut case at all and that it is each country that can decide what risks it is willing to take . 
  it is an important part of sovereignty . 
  if a country decides to get out of nuclear energy or pork meat , it should not have to justify its decisions other than by `` we do n't like it '' . 
  politicians have an easier access to expert because it is politicians who make the final decisions . 
  change the center of power and society will reorganize around it . 
  and i do think that politicians are not better than an average citizen at seeing who is a legitimate expert and who is a lobbyist . 
  just look at how switzerland turned out with its direct democracy . 
  it did not evolve into some idiocracy . 
  in fact it is one of the most advanced country of eu . 
  you know , the public is largely apathetic to this kind of issues because it is not asked its advice on the matter . 
  make people vote on it , and they 'll get more interested . 
  no , french is his first language and he has no accent . 
  he was born of german jewish parents . 
   i do n't know why you see the world bank as some kind of evil institution i do n't see it as evil . 
  i see it as an institution that is useful and has its own interests which are totally irrelevant to the interests of the general good . 
   on the subject of a referendum - do you really think most of the public is educated enough to understand the nuances of such a bill , or that even one in half a million would bother to read it before voting ? 
  do you think the public is educated enough to elect people who show an understanding of such a bill ? 
  if the people is too dumb to make a stance on an issue , then it is too dumb to elect representative to take the good decisions , and you probably think that democracy is a bad idea . 
  obviously voters are not all specialists of international trade litigation but what if it is acceptable for us to elect electing experts that decide on a text , surely it should be acceptable for us to vote directly on the text while listening to the advice of experts we trust ? 
  the only difference here is that corruption is harder to implement . 
  on fracking , i must admit that i did not dig too much into the issue , but it seems to be less clear cut than you make it according to wp :  while some of the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing are common and generally harmless , some additives used in the united states are known carcinogens . 
  [ 54 ] out of 2,500 hydraulic fracturing additives , more than 650 contained known or possible human carcinogens regulated under the safe drinking water act or listed as hazardous air pollutants '' . 
  [ 54 ] another 2011 study identified 632 chemicals used in united states natural gas operations , of which only 353 are well-described in the scientific literature . 
  [ 122 ] there are several instances where usa has shown a very poor record to defend public health in front of private interests . 
  the notion that every issue of health safety can be easily solved in front of a private tribunal by paying experts to testify about scientific consensus is really strange . 
  well that 's mainly because politically , there is no one on the right wing except le pen right now . 
  there are no moderates . 
  once sarkozy comes back in the arena , he will need to distance himself from marine le pen and will drag her electors to more centrist positions . 
  well if i were him , i would be worried about missile strikes more than anything else . 
  i would be flying on a commercial airliner to prevent this scenario . 
  preferably in the secured pilot cockpit compartment , to prevent assassination attempts . 
  i guess that in this case , air control will ask explicitly for authorization before the trip and would choose to turn back instead of landing if denied . 
  why not ? 
  what has changed ? 
  1 / well , you apparently know enough to state :  a lot of people worry about the isds and how much power it has . 
  the thing is , they greatly over-inflate what it can do and where it 's applicable . 
  without knowing the isds mechanisms that will be put in place . 
  2 / `` reasonnable '' , `` generally '' i love how precise these things are ... 
  so in the absence of a consensus one way or the other , something should be deemed safe ? 
  or unsafe ? 
  that 's a pretty important issue . 
  3 / so , we have to trust the us-approved companies on that ? 
  mind if we do our own tests to be sure ? 
  what if we find different results ? 
  the tribunal gets to decide ? 
  4 / biased judges and arbitrary judgments did actually ( partially ) cause the collapse of my society and the two-speed feudal justice was a reason for the french revolution . 
  right now we manage to judge bad faith because we have whole institutions dedicated to offer counter-weights to judges power and to try and force them to be as unbiased as possible , and even so , a lot of case still escalate up to the eu court of human rights . 
  indeed , if the integrity and neutrality of the judges in isds was firmly established and recognized , i would have far less problems with that . 
  but having the wb name a judge reminds too much of the judge named by the king . 
  5 / i did make the comments about free trade and how isds chooses a path and decides to put a big fine on government who may decide to go another way . 
  this is a decision that handcuffs future governments and policies and as such i feel it should be proposed in a referendum . 
  well , `` no one '' is an exaggeration . 
  i mean `` no one in power in the past 50 years '', 
  no , it did not change my mind . 
  like the rest of us , you do not have access to the text and are merely guessing what are inside . 
  the argument `` it is rarely used so it is not a big deal '' is a fallacy . 
  the nuclear bomb has been used twice in history , yet come and say it is not a big deal ... 3 .
