  500 km/h is doable and was proven . 
  a cargo aircraft is 700 to 800 km/h . 
  that leaves a world of possibilities !, 
  i would love to have a map of that ... 
  and if you explain that , people expect that you are part of mosanto 's pr machine . 
  open source : how i stopped worrying and learned to love copyright . 
  seriously , i agree that a change of laws would be a huge step forward , would bring progress and would boost science , but it has been an obviously good idea for 15 years now and still no change in the horizon . 
  i prefer to focus on efforts trying to subvert the current laws . 
  open source worked insanely well for software . 
  open source drug discovery , open research , are growing and rely on scientists using ip laws to force openness . 
  i do think that this will yield results much faster than militantism to change laws , unfortunately, 
  typo was not my reason . 
  your typical comments were . 
  goodbye . 
  and the parliament blocking a reform it considers bad is wrong because ... ? 
  this idea behind the cap is that 1 \u00b0 ) europe needs to be food-autonomous 2 \u00b0 ) europe must responsibly manage its exports of subsidized food to not hurt the rest of the world economy yes , it is based on the assumption that you consider europe as a big territory and not care too much about regional differences . 
  if you still want to consider national interest , it is worthwhile to participate because it is safer and cheaper to import food from a country of the shengen area ( that possibly even use the same currency ) than from outside of it . 
  of course uk does not see the interest as they are neither part of the euro zone or the shengen area . 
  that 's why it makes sense for them to ask a rebate . 
  hollande says a lot of things . 
  check his actions not his speeches . 
  do not assume he is as dumb as he looks . 
  he is viciously smart . 
  and i do n't think i like his actions much . 
  i guess history will tell if he is a good person or a force of corruption , but expect lies from him . 
  such a declaration will be popular in france and in a lot of european countries . 
  but maybe they still agreed to one or two crucial helps on some crucial reforms . 
  i love how switzerland is supposed to be a xenophobic country ... 
   no more will my green sea go turn a deeper blue  i could not foresee this thing happening to you  if i look hard enough into the setting sun  my love will laugh with me before the morning comes, 
  huuu ... how can the french oversee territories have a different status than france ? 
  they are part of shengen , citizens of these territories are french and therefore have a eu passport , no ? 
  i was not the original poster you know ... 
  i only answered to the small tidbit that ztiller doubted , but i do n't see the claim that agricultural companies can claim the ownership of existing plants in any message in this discussion . 
  interestingly , here are a few things that can and do happen : - companies claiming intellectual property on the use of naturally-occurring genes for agricultural purpose - countries claiming ownership of existing plants ( if they are native from their territories ), 
   there can simply be no argument against gmo labelling . 
  here is one : it is useless and costly . 
  i do n't want to pay extra for your paranoia . 
  i personally want that we label organic food ( even trace amounts ) because it has far less studies showing its inocuity than gmo have . 
   oh , because biological agents are safer and more manageable than chemical or radioactive ones right ? 
  no , but they work totally differently . 
  if an animal eats radioactive food , you are right to worry about the meat becoming ( slightly ) radioactive . 
  if an animal eats gmo food , whatever negative property you think gmo food has , it is neither chemical or physical , and does not propagate to the meat ( or oil , or skin , or any derived product )  your comments , whether sincere or paid for , are quite worrisome . 
  they make it likely that humanity as a whole may one day end up winning a darwin award . 
  god help us all . 
  i 'll be more condescending : get some culture in science and critical thinking . 
  see that gmo are neither an agricultural nor a healthcare problem . 
  the darwin award may be collectively won by humanity if we keep giving into hysteria with random subjects . 
  panics about wifi or gmo are mostly harmless , but when this kind of crazy rhetoric comes to things like vaccine , you kill people with epidemics that should be things of the past in advanced countries . 
   there even was a campaign to ask we label food made with animals which had eaten gmo ... labelling gmo , sure , why not , but animals who have eaten gmo ? 
  what 's the idea ? 
  you know that gmo is neither a chemical nor a radioactive component , right ? 
  of all the things that animals eat , gmo is the least of my concerns . 
   it 's having actual information there that gets you hot under the collar ? 
  uh ... no , it is wasting time and effort on lobbying a practice that yields very few interesting information to the end consumer that makes me angry . 
  you want to label a useful information on end products ? 
  print the carbon footprint of each . 
  show the amount of the price that ends up in salary , the one that end up in dividend and the one that end up in taxes . 
  really , if you interest yourself in the wide array of economical , ecological , agricultural and political problems out there , you will see that gmo is really a very small concern . 
  actually , it is very common for agricultural companies ( and mosanto is a famous one but hardly alone ) to claim intellectual ownership over seeds . 
  if you grow plants from their seeds and keep the resulting seeds , you are infringing their intellectual rights . 
  there has been much anti-gmo hysteria in the media , you ca n't deny that . 
  there even was a campaign to ask we label food made with animals which had eaten gmo ... my problem with the anti-gmo crowd is that i am also very critical of the business practices of big agricultural groups , but they are missing the point with flying colors . 
  fight for intellectual rights reform , fight against corruption . 
  these are the constantly evil practices . 
  gmo are not inherently evil and by focusing on them , focusing on making laws to forbid , over-test , label them , you are wasting much indignation potential . 
  plus , half of the time , it * does * make you like anti-science , especially when you use arguments that are not scientifically sound ( like saying that thsi is a health issue ) . 
  i do n't remember which heavy metal band it was ( there could be several ) but they introduced one of their songs as `` the song that awarded us excommunication '' . 
  yeah , being barred to go somewhere is actually good advertisement . 
  the sad thing is , if you show contempt for the french flag , the same could happen for france . 
  thank you sarkozy for your idiotic `` respect '' laws . 
  yes well the thing is , in paris ( contrary to the rest of france ) a kebab is sometimes called a `` greek sandwich '' . 
  i wonder if this could not work like the peering agreements internet operators use : you buy the bahncard to your local provider , and need a proof of residence for that . 
  then , every european train company make peering agreements : for instance poland and germany accept that bahncard holders from each other will travel freely but that if there are more germans coming to poland , then germany will pay poland a set price per traveler , and vice-versa . 
  are you kidding ? 
  he is golden bargaining material and golden propaganda material for russia !, 
  no , i guess the point is about the prevalence of kebabs ( that i know greeks say they have invented , but the thing is that most kebab shops here are held by maghrebans or turks ), 
  yep . 
  a typical kebab holds a lot more food for a cheaper price than a `` typical '' sandwich . 
  cheap food has to be cheap !, 
  a very good point . 
  well mine has n't been multiplied by 6 since the introduction of euro ... 
  personally my problem with the typical baguette is that it simply does not hold as much food as the typical pita bread kebab sellers use  pita , burger bread , sliced bread , we varied or bread consumption , but i do think that we still eat about the same quantity . 
  just not plain baguette anymore . 
   i did n't know that he stepped down in the wake of the 68 ' protests in the aftermaths , really . 
  in 68 , the parliamentary elections have shown support of him isntead of support to the rioters , so he repressed the protests . 
  however , he was old , and understood that his support in the population was only temporary ( one famous quote from him : `` no one should accept presidency after 60 '' ) . 
  one of his fears was to become like petain : war hero then dictator . 
  he checked if he was still popular enough to push down some constitutional reforms , and decided to step down , at 78 . 
   i 've always really admired how he conducted himself during ww2 though the fact that france was considered to be on the victorious side at the end of the war was largely his doing . 
  the fact that france even existed after 1945 , was not even granted . 
  before he officially deserted to create the france libre , the government had been proposing to make france a part of united kingdom in exchange of british military protection . 
  things could have been totally different . 
   it seems like he did a lot to reestablish france 's place in the world - even when that meant distancing france from the u.s. - after the war . 
  he claims in his memoirs that both sides ( us and ussr ) have thanked him for that , giving them a neutral ground and making the game a bit more complicated than a nuclear dick contest . 
  because france decided to not be part of nato , a lot of peace conference could be organized in paris . 
   how is it hypocritical if your population is pissed and forces you to do something ? 
  that 's how democracy works ... 
  the problem is , the program was secret , because they knew it would be unpopular . 
  democracy is not about stealthily running unpopular programs until the population finds out . 
  [ deleted ] is exaggerating a bit .
