  a lot of oceanic area is interesting , and space-based solar power plant projects exist , which would be very area-effective if the whole satellite launching process was automated . 
  but actually i describe a world of solar energy to not get into another debate . 
  however , i do think that nuclear fission and fusion will probably be the main source of energy by the time we reach this level of automation . 
  i said it makes it possible , not that it is a fatality . 
  there are several requisites and you point out two : - we have to rely on renewable resources . 
  this is actually easier than it sounds once you produce cheap energy ( through your automated solar panels factory in the middle of the sahara ) . 
  most non-renewable materials we use can be recycle if we are ready to spend enough energy on it , and even oil can be synthesized . 
  - we have to be a world of landowners . 
  actually , once building construction gets automated , rents will be much lower too but to get to zero , you would need some law . 
  we can debate whether it is desirable or not , but in such a world , paying a rent to a landowner serves no desirable economic outcome , and a society without this possibility would be totally workable . 
  then china happened . 
  the increase in living standard happened mainly in asian countries trying to catch up . 
  the problem is that for a long time , chinese work was cheaper than automation , so efforts in this field more or less stopped . 
  now the level of wages makes it a bit more worthwhile . 
  i hope we can start up the jetpack again . 
   i do n't see why allowing more free movement would solve the problem ? 
  if chinese workers were allowed to come to eu or uk and enjoy a level of wages similar to people working there , it would be much harder to hire workers in chinese factories . 
  the wages there would rise much faster than it currently does ( even if it seem very fast from a european point of view , when you consider the imbalance betweent the economical zones , it is fairly slow ) alternatively , if uk and eu workers were allowed to come and work in china , they could easily dodge the unemployement that is not caused by automation . 
  within a few years , china and eu would have the same level of unemployement and wages . 
  can you imagine a world where wages would equilibrate at the same speed than the real tax rates that multinational companies actually pay ? 
   i think we stand a better chance of change through co-operating work-owned co-operatives than expecting the government to do anything . 
  if you expect the government to do nothing , it will do worse than that . 
  better use it than fight it . 
  your government is never neutral toward the model of society you promote . 
  it will either help you make it possible or prevent you from even trying . 
  here we have some interesting legal status for cooperative companies , that are favored b y left-wing administrations . 
  they could totally , in a matter of weeks , become taxed to the point of becoming unsustainable . 
  do not expect to exist independently from the government . 
  another proof that what passes as humor is quite different from the other side of the channel , 
   `` the cynicism of the parisian right knows no bounds , '' brossat said . 
  `` jerome dubus 's proposal is a joke . '', 
  this is actually pretty credible . 
  thatcher is really not popular in france , even in the right-wing ranks . 
  it would be like naming a street of london after berlusconi . 
  i do think this proposal is just a provocation . 
   you ca n't overcome the incentives that easily , without changing the system entirely . 
  we are talking about changing the system entirely . 
  if businesses can move employement abroad , either make it possible for people to move abroad as easily or harder for goods to come from foreign countries . 
  either achieve full globalization ( free flow of person is the missing link there ) or come back to moderate globalization with tariffs reflecting the easiness of people to move across the border . 
  most people see it as common sense that there must be a limitation to the influx of migrants , otherwise it would have detrimental effects on the receiving country . 
  how is it different to say that there must be a limitation to the influx of goods produced through cheap labor or laxist labor right ? 
   besides , the government is run by the businessmen anyway this is neither true everywhere , nor a fatality where it is true . 
  you get votes , use them . 
  bet on black horses that happen to have no ties with big business . 
  greece is making it . 
  iceland made it . 
  italy has such a strange guy rising . 
  it can happen in any country . 
  democracy does n't fail if you really believe in it and play an active part . 
  the idea is quite old , it is one of post-scarcity economics . 
  sf readers have known it for decades , examined it and still ca n't believe that no one gives it a serious thought . 
  there is a thinkg called government that is used precisely when the laws of market and self-interest do not lead society into the direction we want . 
  if industries need 50 % less people , make it mandatory for employees to work 50 % less ( through workweek regulations or retirement age ) and re-establish symmetry between the free-flow of funds across borders and the free-flow of people . 
  i am for a free-flow of both or a free-flow of neither , but letting funds flow while accepting that chinese can be prevented to work in eu for instance just creates social dumping that neither free-market fans nor anti-globalization people should tolerate . 
  actually it was not a mistake : putin has ties with a gang considered dangerous by finland . 
  if anything , the debate should be on whether `` people who know dangerous people '' should be arrested and on whether it is legitimate that heads of states can be exempted from this . 
  i just wish we can start talking about real issues now . 
  i am quite ashamed that such a small advance has caused huge protests and media turmoils . 
   ps : what 's your motto again ? 
  strength through unity ? ... 
  now that 's mean ... ( but hilarous ), 
   `` 100 % unemployment should be our ultimate goal '' humorists can say things ahead of their time more than any other profession . 
  actually , if you count unemployement differently than usual , and with a more direct approach , most sane economies have an unemployement above 50 % . 
  counting people who simply do earn a wage : most people under 18 or above 65 are unemployed , a lot of people under 24 also are ( they are students ) , handicapped , house [ wives/husbands ] , make up for more than 50 + % of the population . 
  we consider it normal and healthy . 
  i think that a special kind of retirement should be created : `` obsolescence retirement '' . 
  when machines can replace your job , you can go to retirement earlier , or if you are young ( let say < 45 yo ) you get free education in another field with unemployement benefits during your studies . 
   modern factory farms require 1 % of the workers that were needed 100 years ago . 
  yep , and the average person ( or even the poor person ) can afford much more diverse food than 100 years ago . 
  with the lesser necessity for labor , comes a cheaper price of goods . 
  i do think however that this transition should be a major policy focus for our beloved leaders . 
  done correctly , we can gradually evolve into a society where the average person works 10 % of what is the current norm but with a similar standard of living , but if we are not cautious about it , we will instead have 90 % of the population in misery while the remaining 10 % will have all the wages , believing that they have some sort of merit to have chosen a field that is harder to automate . 
  ( i ca n't wait for the smartphone app that will replace most of doctors consultations ) currently this has led me to vote for parties that propose a more egalitarian society , usually on the far left , but i get the feeling that these are like a broken watch that just happen to indicate the current time by pure chance . 
  i wish some parties integrated this thinking into their platform . 
  i 'd be glad if someone could indicate me one that does . 
  if no human labor is required , in any industry , then the cost of manufacturing will slowly come to zero . 
  a 100 % unemployment is then possible with a decent standard of living . 
  the most smooth transition to such a society would be through reduction of the average work a person does , either by reducing the working week or through advancing retirement age . 
  summary : words . 
  more of the same . 
  selected excerpts :  because of the always existent unknown unknowns , the future crises can not be prevented . 
   there 's hope that europe is better prepared today  there was a broad consensus among conference participants that `` every crisis in europe always ends with more europe , never with less europe . 
  i feel so skillfully governed right now ... 
  i am quite happy about this , even though i do n't really dislike hollande . 
  when sarkozy 's government was seen as too close to the arab dictators that were being overthrown , he put all his weight behind rebels in libya . 
  if hollande 's government is seen as too soft against tax havens , they may be forced to act strongly against them . 
  let 's play democracy : let 's make tax evasion a core electoral issue . 
  probably a factor , yes . 
  actually the fertility rate is very puzzling even to experts . 
  everyone expected a burst at the end of the war , but in france it never really stopped . 
  people explain this through better childcare , more immigration from countries where big families is the norm , and some pro-natality policy . 
  however , many other countries have those , so we are still looking for the reason . 
  look at the coloring scheme and do n't be fooled by the majoritarily pink parts . 
  a part with 100 women per 100 men appears in pink . 
  for me , it could be a balanced country not very different from others . 
  in other countries , what probably happens is that women concentrate in cities and therefore give up a larger area of the map to blue regions . 
  i have been told that we have fairly good children-guarding networks in france , allowing many women to work and have babies even outside of towns . 
  i would bet this is the reason . 
  and yes , i know that there is a `` country of looooove '' factor . 
  i ca n't say how big it is , as i am biased : my wife is foreign and i know a lot of couples with a french guy and a foreign wife , but not much the other way around ( french girl with foreign guy ) .
