  some people may still believe that they are skilled poker player bluffing their sale in the hope that nato will bank out for their ship but i abandoned all hope in the matter . 
  one ship is worth 10 years of france 's contribution to nato 's budget . 
  do the math . 
  to be honest , i am not much interested in dissenting opinions on / r/europe / i am more interested in viewpoints of different nationals on random issues than in a `` is eu good or bad ? 
  thing '' i got plenty of these in other subs . 
  i do n't mind / r/europe / being about trying to have discussions between europeans about the correct spelling of d\u00f6ner kebab and what fails in different countries rather than `` should we really live together '' actually , most people here are pretty criticial of the eu administrations but seem to enjoy being part of a cultural union . 
  i do n't mind a bit of verwirrung to be honest . 
  we need a fully elected legislative process . 
  the head of the executive must be elected to . 
  i do n't care if the people below are unelected but the people on the top must be . 
  i fell like i am part of europe , yet `` citizen '' implies a level of democracy that i do not currently see in eu . 
  abolish the obscure but powerful non-elected structures : european commission , council of the europe and european council ( yay for smart naming ! ), 
  and i will feel more like a citizen . 
  yeah , all the 4 of them :-p, 
  it is funny however how the assumption of this article is that no one plays fair and that uk should get some leverage in this unfairness competition . 
  there is just one fair , democratic institution in eu : the eu parliament . 
  if you want more fairness , push to give it more power , instead of insisting that uk must have a veto or an opt-out on every single important issue . 
  `` veto '' is not the correct spelling for `` vote '' . 
  stop the tease !, 
  be a partner from inside , be a partner from outside or be an opponent from outside . 
  being an opponent from inside is not an option . 
  no it was the flemish . 
  * now runs and go hide under cover *, 
  exactly why the first one is my favorite . 
  at least two were pretty widely reported : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_politkovskaya http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanislav_markelov i did n't know that there were two others . 
  the trial of politkovskaya reeked of political inference and protection by the state . 
  i did not follow the retrial . 
  i wonder too , but if i am not mistaken , they only started shooting on planes today or yesterday . 
  still , this should have been declared a war zone a long time ago . 
  a commander of the pro-russian forces twitted a picture of the crash saying `` we warned : do not cross our borders '' . 
  seems like a litteraly smoking gun here . 
  agreed . 
  provocation and answering to provocation is equally stupid . 
  yet , seeing a band of a hundred guys with bars and sticks walking toward your protest needs to trigger some kind of reaction . 
  this is more than provocation , this is going in in order to fight and crush some bones . 
  as soon as projectiles start flying and people marching toward the protest with metal bars , there 's a failure of police and physical reaction is a matter of self defense . 
  fortunately the cops quickly separated the two bands . 
  i would say that `` uneducated '' describes most of the ministers under sarkozy . 
  well monarchy ensures that at least the leader is educated . 
  context : the synagogue that got besieged was a meeting point for the ldj , a violent pro-israelian organization . 
  they had called on twitter for a meeting during the protest . 
  when they descend in the street you hear them chanting `` we fuck palestine '' . 
  it is not clear who the guy recording shouts against . 
  he calls them `` fucking kids playing '' . 
  edit : sorry , i posted the link with a timetag i did not intend to put ( seriously youtube , you are doing that now ? ) . 
  yes , watch it from the beginning , as it is now you ca n't make a lot of sense out of it . 
  yes , that 's my question . 
  not legally . 
  but if the belgian government is willing to provide some help for civilians to cross the gaza-egypt border , i think a lot of humanitarian organizations would applaude . 
  you know , a lot of the people in gaza stay there because they think that if they go out , they will never let in again by israel . 
  a lot of the palestinian activists in foreign countries are actually stuck there , with nowhere to go . 
  this means nothing !, 
  you can buy them for $ 5 in the streets in donetsk !, 
  i say that this would not disturb me to have such a neighbor as a buffer with germany . 
  then start asking for israel to allow free travel of civilians in the gaza strip . 
  well , they certainly wo n't show the ones that are in the photos of the article . 
  and i may say that there was a similar report a few days ago about a demonstration in france where protestors circled a synagogue , but now there are police reports explaining that they knew there would danger there as a pro-israel group met in this synagogue , they were already deployed and the protest was welcomed at the shouts of `` fuck palestine '' . 
  so there you are . 
  people in every country of the world showing outrage at the bombing of civilians by a country considered an ally in most of eu nations , but a lot of the news coverage is about small if not imaginary incidents targeting jews . 
  can you quote a source for that ? 
  not that i say it is impossible , but in france a lot of plain lies are spread by far-right groups about their theory of `` the great replacement '', 
  can someone explain why there is a 2 % drop almost everywhere between 2011 and 2012 ? 
  probably because we already have a lot of bilateral trade agreements and it would not change much . 
  also , france apparently negotiated an exception for cultural product , this may be one of the causes as well . 
  i hope the rest of the world likes fingers . 
  is it one of the results of the us [ propaganda effort to make tipp look good for europe ] ( https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140620/14292827638/us-embassy-berlin-offering-cold-hard-cash-people-to-create-pro-taftattip-propaganda.shtml ) ? 
  if so , that 's a pretty ugly opinion they have of europeans . 
  you forgot to mention that i am literally like hitler, 
   the german magazine said merkel was interested in the role of european council president , or the secretary-general of the united nations , with both roles due to come up in 2017 . 
  interesting , but i too doubt it . 
  i do n't see how she would be more influent as the european council president and the secretary-general is a job that requires a long experience of un 's internal working . 
  how so ? 
  it is highly ironical of him to do so , but there is a rechtsstaat ( funny that this is the english translation of '' \u00e9tat de droit '' ) so if he feels that the sanctions imposed on him are illegitimate , he can challenge them before a tribunal . 
  he has the right to do so , and if he could prove that they are contrary to human rights ( good luck with that ) the court could sentence eu states . 
  however i doubt he has any hope of winning . 
  i think that he only aims at delaying some other actions that a tribunal case may suspend . 
  you seem to assume that uk is part of the schengen zone ... uk opted out of this one so for crossing the border , going from france to uk for instance is pretty much like going from france to a non-eu state . 
  most of the mess there is caused by the one-sided and indiscriminate support of us to israel . 
  that 's one thing europe can point out and criticize . 
  and you ca n't stay out of this `` trap '' . 
  it is the mother of most conflicts in the world currently . 
  it fueled the arab spring and the ie formation in iraq , the war in mali , terrorism everywhere . 
  we live in an interconnected world . 
  you ca n't just shrug off international events just because they happen too far . 
  fortress europe . 
  let 's just watch the rest of the world burn . 
  got it . 
  what a great humanist plan . 
  well , the recent rise in violence should ( and did ) prompt some international reactions in europe . 
  timesofisrael.com i do n't think there can be any bias here , for sure !, 
  yes , it is as risky to go out from a synagogue during a pro-palestinian protest as it is to go out of a mcdonalds during an anti-iraq-war protest . 
  i doubt they were `` trapped '' . 
  wait one hour until the protest is finished and you are good to go . 
  that 's because despite the sensationalized article and the biased picture , the article describes nothing but the norm of parisian protests . 
  shocking . 
  no , not this article , but the fact that i was coming here to see if there were comments on / r/europe / on the russian operation in ukraine or on israel 's raid on gaza with a toll currently at 160 . 
  and instead , two articles on this incident ? 
  i mean it is a newsworthy incident but ... priorities , much ? 
  you say it like illegal immigration to europe was not an exciting survival story . 
  what point are you trying to make ?
