  very well , let it unfold and put the official bigotries in clear light . 
  as pro-gay marriage as i am , i would still find it really sad that this reaction triggers more reaction than what happened in chechnya . 
  my favorite quote is `` no sport . '', 
  when he was asked what his secret was for his longevity despite his heavy drinking ( and smoking ? ), 
  habits . 
  in the words of v.  thus destroyers topple empires ; make a canvas of clean rubble where creators then can build another world . 
  rubble , once achieved , makes further ruins ' means irrelevant . 
   away with our explosives , then !, 
   away with our destroyers !, 
  they have no place within our better world . 
   but let us raise a toast to all our bombers , all our bastards , most unlovely and most unforgivable . 
   let 's drink their health ...  then meet with them no more . 
  seriouslyn these have to be easter eggs , they ca n't be serious . 
  even bush knows that poland and iraq are not on the same continent ... 
  oh that 's alright then . 
  i guess the employers wo n't mind being shot at by their unpaid employees with hunting shotguns then ... 
  [ krugman ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/04/16/holy-coding-error-batman/ ) cites another one , that apparently was the r&r before it was shown to be totally flawed as well : [ alesina/ardagna ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/04/16/holy-coding-error-batman/ ), 
   instead , i think the question is designed to have us think about what would have happened if these papers did n't exist , and therefore did n't serve as justification for austerity . 
  my point is that another paper would probably have been found and used as a justification . 
  several people are pointing out that this paper was not to the level of peer-reviewed academic research and should not have been used for anything serious . 
  austerity was not something that was done because research indicated it was the god thing to do but because some people decided that it sounded right , was in their political interest , and with that in mind , they looked for arguments . 
   thus the monument serves no real purpose anymore and is now only maintained because of tradition . 
  and this is false how ? 
   let 's tear it down then . 
  i suspect you know very well what argument there is to oppose this : it bothers no one . 
  it especially does n't wake up the whole neighborhood at arbitrary times . 
   the town itself is fine with the muslims practicing their religious custom , which in itself is a useful purpose . 
  and i am not criticizing that . 
  there is however a common sense rule in these matters : the right of someone stops when the right of another one starts . 
  calls to prayers are not necessary * at all * to practice a religion , nor ringing bells on sunday morning are . 
   so why is a frenchman trying to dictate a swedish town what should or should not be acceptable in their own home ? 
  this is called a discussion , this is / r/europe , this is an exchange of view . 
  are you really so out of touch with reality that you do n't even understand this context ? 
  they are heavyweights because they give the kind of opinions that powerful people need . 
  let 's blame them a bit , sure , but far more importantly , we need to criticize the system that trusted their model and ignored their critics . 
  like someone pointed out , in 2013 , where * everyone * has a dozen clocks at home , being reminded what time it is is useless . 
  the sole reason to continue doing that is tradition . 
  like i said , it is exactly like a concert hall shouting to the whole town what the next band is . 
  we now live in a time where people can read , have watches and therefore do not need this kind of announcements . 
  minaret are territorial marks , just like church bells are . 
  the serve no useful purpose . 
  they used to , but now they are only maintained because of tradition . 
  there are several differences but the main one is this one : neighborhood noises in a concert are an unfortunate side-effect . 
  if it were possible to make a big concert without bothering neighbors , this would be adopted . 
  minaret have the sole function of making neighborhood noises for the sake of tradition . 
  bells are the same . 
  the equivalent would be for a concert hall to install speakers outside in the street just to announce the next bands very loudly to the whole town . 
  i once slept at a friends ' house just next to the church . 
  that shit is loud . 
  i am forced to wake up on sunday morning because of other people 's religion . 
  make it private guys . 
  you do n't see me waking the whole town on walpurgis night with heavy metal , do you ? 
  if making noise for religious reasons becomes allowed , you can be sure as hell that i am going to show what a bad idea this is . 
  mosque and minaret are two different things . 
  practicising any religion you want is a basic freedom . 
  if you and your friends have enough money to build a jedi temple , you should not be prevented from doing it . 
  noise nuisance , however , should be forbidden unless there is a very good reason , and a call to prayers is not one of these . 
  i usually sleep on sunday morning . 
  fuck these guys , i 'm going to play loud death metal during their service in front of the church . 
  this is as offensive . 
  this is no different and as unacceptable . 
  i do n't think it is the right question . 
  economists make hypothesis and models , make propositions and sometimes mistakes . 
  r&r are not the responsible of this whole mess , but the people who uncritically accepted their results , not because they were likely true , but because they were saying things that were in their interest . 
  the r&r article has been criticized , had not been peer reviewed , and was given an importance it did not have . 
  if there is one thing i wish does not happen it is that we blame r & r instead of the decisions makers that used it despite all the criticism . 
  how was the banking sector counted for switzerland ? 
   or are you those people who worship freedom of choice and the autonomy of the individual so much that they would sacrifice everything else for it ? 
  i am that . 
  i see no reason to enforce unnecessary tasks to people `` for their own good '' . 
   the unmeaningful , drunkardly , lazy , tv-addict lives are not a theory , but a fact but the hypothesis that they lead to war is a total extrapolation that nothing substantiates . 
  also , `` data '' is not the plural of anecdote . 
  even outside the elite circles , a sizable part of people with free time spend it in creative endeavors . 
  if people ca n't find any other meaning to their life than drinking and watching tv , so be it . 
  if that means making war then my purpose will be to prevent wars , but i think that this is a totally unfounded and unargumented hypothesis . 
  the article says nothing about the kind of waste it is . 
  `` low level radioactive waste '' means nothing . 
  i have low level radioactive waste in my backyard where i store the ashes from wood burning . 
  tell us the origin and nature of these wastes . 
  are these just lab equipment contaminated during nuclear experiments ? 
  are these nuclear byproducts of fission reactions ? 
  which elements ? 
  which isotopes ? 
  if they are solvable in water is an important information to assert the threat , for instance . 
  their half-life would be also important if they date from 50 years ago . 
  the becquerel estimates is for today or for the day of deposits ? 
  it is true that at this depth the water should stop the radiation but if they leak , isotopes may accumulate somewhere downstream . 
  or not . 
  like usual , journalists do n't provide the important information . 
  just enough to make people panic . 
  haha * sweats *, 
  i just hope they fail to agree on most of these points . 
  most of these just read `` you know , what ? 
  the main cost of internet access is the laying down and maintenance of cables , especially underwater cables . 
  a huge proportion of the internet cables lay down in international water and it is not the cheapest one , 
  it is so easy to choose an alternative path that i suspect it wo n't really be a problem . 
  note also that this project is very real , and named [ desertec ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/desertec-map_large.jpg ) . 
  however , the arab spring has apparently put it on the backburner for a few years . 
   if we truly transitioned into a world of solar power , ground rents would be higher . 
  note that the best terrestrial areas for solar power are in the middle of deserts , which cost next to nothing nowadays .
