  with switzerland and california you have two data points that can show you that direct democracy does not bring chaos to a country . 
  it shows that the `` people will just vote for no tax '' is nonsense . 
   one with as little direct input from the people as possible whilst still having some regular changes of the governing party every couple of years . 
  that seems to rule out most parliamentary systems . 
  do you have an example ? 
  i could also define `` working '' as `` high gdp per capita country with very high life expectancy '' . 
  switzerland is one of the top eu countries given these two criterion . 
  california is above us average on both of these too . 
  direct democracy does not guarantee good decisions , just like representative democracy does not guarantee good leaders . 
  but over all , and on the long term , it does work fine . 
   or the governing process being hijacked by whichever demagogue can get the biggest rise out of the masses . 
  so , you are against representative democracy as well ? 
  what is your ideal mode of government then ? 
  well it does work . 
  i do n't especially like the decisions of the swiss population , but they are indeed democratic , that is undeniable . 
  also , i think too many people have too easily called this specific vote as bigoted . 
  understand that the question was `` should we make an exception in the construction code for a specific type of religious buildings ? '', 
  it was branded by the far right as a referendum against islam , but the question itself was rather straightforward : religion is not an excuse to not follow a construction code . 
  i would vote no also to people wanting to build an oversized cross . 
  muslims can build mosques without minaret . 
  and if there was a way to make christians build churches without these damn bells , i would happily vote for that also . 
  ok , the title is misleading montebourg merely points out the ratio of foreign investments to the gdp , which is higher in france to the point of making me wonder if it could not be a statistical weirdness . 
  he did n't say it is more open to business but `` more attractive to investors '' , which is backed by a single datum . 
  a dubious one , but still . 
  `` people voting for their own kings ? 
  just wait until people vote for someone who removes all the taxes . '', 
  any criticism you can make against direct democracy , you can make against representative democracy . 
  deal with the fact that it works in switzerland . 
  and yes , they happen to have low tax but also top-notch public services . 
  i 'll wait the end of this operation to judge . 
  we have been consistently told lies by official sources , so everything they say , i take it with a ton of salt , that 's my only criticism . 
  it looks like mali is a political mess , with our without intervention , but people say `` shhhh , do n't talk about it !, 
  the french govt has a super good super secret plan ! '' . 
  what i fear is that the malian army starts doing war crimes against northern populations and that we are in a position where we help them . 
  this is what happened in rwanda and i do n't want to see it happening again . 
  i 'd like to point out also that most ( all ? ), 
  perpetrators are either from afghanistan and pakistan . 
  more than islam , there is a specific mentality that transmits this vicious meme . 
   why allow these people to immigrate if they do n't even have a basic respect for your culture ? 
  do you have a sure way to separate `` these people '' from decent people originating from the same background ? 
  if not , then everyone gets a chance . 
  take a look at what 's written on the big statue we offered you a while ago , that 's the spirit ... 
  i want a swiss system : petitions with more than a few % of the population in signatures means a referendum . 
  a `` yes '' at the referendum means it is a new law . 
  it works . 
  it scales . 
  it educates voters . 
  it legitimizes the government . 
  do it . 
  the commission and council should be dissolved . 
  there should be eu-wide elections for similar posts , not ragional ones . 
  we currently do not have a single election in which the whole eu votes for ( or against ) the same candidates . 
  the day a candidate will have to please germans , french , greeks , polish , and uk ( if they decide to be part of * that * one ) , eu will be a huge step closer to being a true democratic country . 
  yep , p\u00e2t\u00e9 !, 
  rabbit 's is the best by the way . 
  on a fresh baguette of bread with pickled cucumber and onions . 
  one of the best meal you can have for 3 $ in france , 
  sssshhh , let me dream my nostalgia !, 
  sounds a lot like socialism , where the state is a shareholder in many big groups and where small companies still exist and innovate . 
  how would it be different than france , for instance ? 
  the impression i get from many stories is that communism , and especially the central planification that comes with it , is a great way for a country which is lagging behind to come back at the level of its neighbor . 
  unfortunately , at this point , it seems unable to go forward . 
  economists explain this by the fact that a government who knows the kind of industries it wants in its country can plan whole industrial chains at once without waiting for offer and demands to balance themselves out : decide where the steel factory , the coal and iron mines will be , and build them while making the roads between them . 
  in the same time build cities for the miners and factory workers with shops and services . 
  it is faster than just decide to build a factory somewhere and wait for the rest to happen through the laws of market . 
  unfortunately , this is easy to do for well known industries , but innovative industries tend to have needs that change faster than central planners update . 
  i doubt that it needs to be dictatorial to work correctly , but historically it has been , in part thanks to ussr foreign policy , and that gave it quite a bad reputation . 
  being disappointed is part of the french culture !, 
  they expect it subconsciously !, 
  hey germany , if you do n't want it ? 
  can we have it ? 
  i am aware of the rationale behind having minimal tariffs , but what i am arguing is not much different than what the wto is currently doing : setting clear rules under which tariffs can be brought up against a given country . 
  i believe that today , a country can put tariffs against another one on a product that received too many government subsidies ( and if i recall correctly both our respective countries manage to get away with that on agricultural products , which is a dickish move imho ) . 
  just add a rule to make it possible for a country to raise a tariff against a country that does not allow the migration of workers ( and hence the real competition on wages and living conditions ) about automation : i have already encountered that proposal , but i have a problem with the premise that human needs are infinitely extensible into tertiary products . 
  i do believe it to be false . 
  some people claim to already have their needs fulfilled and now just wish to work less instead of earning more . 
  this is a growing trend in france and i believe it exists in the us too . 
  i also have another criticism : there * is * currently a jobless recovery . 
  it is proven that the economy works well ( gdp rises ) without creating new jobs . 
  what if a moderate level of unemployment was actually not a problem for a country ? 
  i do know some people who i know would benefit the society by * not * working instead of doing their job , and i doubt that 5 more years of education can really fix them . 
   but they come here to launch businesses instead of their home countries . 
  i do n't think there 's enough respect for the damage this tendency will do in the long run . 
  software patents and healthcare costs are two reasons why i would have never considered starting my software company in us . 
  in the end , it also depends on what your philosophy is . 
  if you have the american dream and believe it still exists , go to us . 
  the few libertarians here feel quite lonely , us attracts them . 
  if you believe , like i do , that while it is important to be a free individual and to have freedom over your life choices , but also that you are much stronger when you are a part of a functioning society , you value quite more the healthcare , education and overall infrastructure that your taxes pay for . 
  we have more agreement than i suspected . 
  indeed , what employers think when they talk about productivity takes the salary into account . 
  it would be closer to gdp per capita / average employee salary . 
  the number of hours worked is irrelevant but for low end manufacturing , it is feasible to raise the number of hours to raise the produced output quasi-linearly . 
  i honestly do n't see why border tariffs are so frowned upon . 
  i 'm all for the restriction on the circulation of goods , people , information and even capital , but here we have a clear imbalance caused by the inability for chinese people to come work in countries like france for `` low '' salaries . 
  put a tariff on chinese import until they lift the restrictions chinese workers travels . 
  put also similar restriction on transits of capitals ( a bit harder , i agree ) in the longer term , i believe that the rise of china made us forget what was supposed to be the industrial revolution of the 21st century : automation of production lines . 
  it is arriving in china . 
  robots are becoming cheaper , and the amount of cheap-as-dirt labor is quickly depleting . 
  the world will have to face this much bigger challenge very soon . 
  and i do think that it will hit china the hardest .
