  that 's not ancient vs modern , more about theorists vs pragmatists . 
  this could be done in every movement : fascism , ecologism , socialism , conservatism , etc. . . 
   historically anarchists have always been a handful of great political theorists droned out by a sea of thugs and idiots . 
  there was this one occasion though ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_commune they implemented things that were so socially progressive that it would take 30 to 50 years to a moderate government partly on their side to bring back : schools of all levels for girls , free education , pensions for widows , real separation of church and state including in education , etc. . . 
  note also that anarchism is where the whole communist movement came from . 
  this article gives sourced citations : http://www.dissident-media.org/infonucleaire/mensonges_services.htm we would have to find lib\u00e9ration from 2 may 1986 and the tv news of antenne 2 from 30th april . 
  note that at the time le figaro was more likely to make the issue a big scandal and lib\u00e9ration to minimize it : right or wrong , ussr incompetence was then seen as embarassing for the left wing . 
  do you have the source of that ? 
  i read that some journalist recently tried to find the report of `` the radioactive cloud stopped at the border '' and could not find anything , suspecting a later myth . 
  it says `` liberation '' right ? 
  who is the author ? 
  what is the date ? 
  before or after the troubles started ? 
  was it officially so or was it the 2014 interpretation ? 
  that means more than half of the people who voted knew who he was . 
  not bad !, 
   perhaps some people want the election to be entirely conclusive next time . 
  in this case , we should change the treaty to reflect that want . 
  personally i would vote against that treaty change . 
  if you want to have a chance to vote on such things , start by pushing for more democracy in eu . 
  oh , well juncker is an elected member of the luxemburg parliament then . 
  uh , there was plenty of news about the 5 big candidates and juncker was pretty well known as the probable winner . 
  the thing is , this argument is about medias : no one ( supposedly ) heard about him so he should not have the power that the votes logically give him ? 
  that 's a chicken and egg problem : if the election , as a sure thing , decides who get elected and that this nomination has an influence on policy , you can be sure that they will talk a lot more about it next time . 
  if only to say `` juncker sucked , let 's remove that fucker and try some beard instead ! '', 
  yeah , i was wondering also . 
  uk citizens never cast a vote for cameron , they just voted for his party and it reached the majority in parliament , right ? 
  how weird for him to state such a thing . 
  everything is always so simple from the russian point of view . 
  my understanding ( but of course this is probably totally biased , i get only one side of this story and did not read too much into it ) is that ukraine had a contract , and ianoukovytch had negotiated a rebate to that contract . 
  now russia says that the contract is still valid , that the rebate is not , and asks for `` late payment '' that corresponds to the total amount of the rebate since the start of the contract ( 2009 iirc ) . 
  so discerning the truth in these matters seems indeed complicated . 
  personally i believe that this is just another round of negotiation over prices . 
  russia does not want to give the new government a friend 's price and ukraine want to negotiate strongly with the threat of preventing russia to use its pipelines to sell their gas to the rest of europe . 
  contracts and rebates are just excuses in a purely commercial negotiation . 
  the problem is that without digging into the issues and reading the fine line , it is hard to see if this is regular negotiations or downright extortion by either side . 
  and people wonder why i am pro-nuclear ... 
  why would anyone be in a hurry ? 
  there is no tax to pay when you `` sell '' digital goods from one country to another . 
  i was astounded to discover that as a french company , i did not have to pay vat in france when selling to a japanese customer , and there is no tax involved at the border as well . 
  lobbyist who promote a `` single market '' are actually interested in making taxes and tariffs as low as possible while preserving existing positions of power . 
  from their point of views , there is no problem to solve in the digital world . 
  let 's quote the next question from the 1945 poll : `` which nation do you think will help repair france ? '', 
  us 69 % , uk 13.8 % , ussr 6.2 % it may be that the perception of these two different things blurred with time . 
  and apparently more recent polls show that ( maube thanks to internet ? ), 
  us are back at 48 % in the help against germany . 
  is it really a contest ? 
  missing answer : germany , by attacking its then-ally ussr . 
  mostly an audited , open version of windows xp . 
  when they threatened to massively switch to linux , microsoft accepted that they have access to windows source code , so they can audit and compile it themselves . 
  red flag linux used to be used but is now discontinued . 
  i am pretty sure that given the competence of their it staff , none of the snowden revelations came as a surprise to them and they did avoid even their open xp completely on crucial machines . 
  well , if i were to decide , i would scrap the whole think and restart with 4 or 5 countries deeply integrating each other democratically . 
  here , the eu is really , really , really bad at democracy . 
  it has tons of flaws and they seem hard to correct . 
  but hell , if we ca n't even pretend to elect the highly symbolic representative of the eu , let 's not even try to pretend it is democratic and let 's scrap it together . 
  either put juncker , or redesign the process from scratch . 
  i do n't think so . 
  us says that an open source encryption software without backdoors helps terrorism . 
  that you fight it by adding backdoors . 
  what is unclear ? 
   how did you feel when france democratically rejected the lisbon treaty but it happened anyway ? 
  i hated it . 
   taking that into account i 'd say that he 's on weak ground from a democratic point of view . 
  eu is still suffering from a democratic deficit . 
  which is exactly why we should support a trend toward more democracy when it is possible . 
  i have yet to find any evidence of this . 
  proposed alternative title : `` eu countries by vikingness '', 
   i almost shit my pants when i saw will smith speak german the first time . 
  what is really funny is that there usually are more syllabus in a german sentence for the same meaning . 
  in every german-dubbed movie i have seen , actors speak very fast . 
  hmmm , now i need to find some dubbed chris tucker . 
  juncker is bad , but elected . 
  i value living in a democracy over having a competent leader . 
  call me old-fashioned . 
  the `` great firewall '' is an image . 
  it is not a firewall at all and provides absolutely no protection against intrusions . 
  and it would not prevent a virus from spreading out of china either . 
  stuxnet is designed for windows . 
  chinese official know better than to use a closed source os made by their enemies on crucial machines . 
  unlike iran , surprisingly . 
  this is why we should have open source secure and encrypted systems without backdoors despite usa 's claim that it helps terrorism . 
  no , at least on the left wing the attacks comparing israelis and nazis are more like `` israel is turning palestine into a new warsaw ghetto . '', 
  this is the recurring complaint and indeed , the constant denial of the blocus consequences of gaza or the occupied territories is very reminiscent of the rhetoric surrounding warsaw ghetto . 
  i did not say it was necessary true or a smart comparison to make . 
  i said that a critical statement against israel 's policies is not antisemitism . 
  if i say tomorrow that the us administration is behaving like nazis in ukraine , this may be wrong , this may even be stupid , but this is not a racist attack . 
  [ perdu ? 
  ] ( http://perdu.com ), 
  [ duh ] ( http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2012/04/17/doughnut-573d4afb10825a8a5d28a83ae756a49bb228ab1d-s6-c30.jpg ) !, 
  you act like anyone in eu takes cameron 's proposals seriously anymore . 
  wait , left-wing is perceived as being antisemitic ? 
  where the hell does that come from ? 
  edit : ok , found it . 
  apparently saying that `` israelis behave `` like nazis '' towards the palestinians '' is antisemitic now . 
  yes , i guess that opposition to israel 's policy is stronger on the left . 
  i thought most people nowadays had understood the differences between being jewish and being israelian . 
  sigh ... 
  vive la france !, 
  oui , let 's remove russia from the continent .
