  unfortunately `` the reasonable level of scientific evidence '' that something is dangerous is extremely subjective and some countries like to suspend some product when there is a reasonable doubt , not a definite evidence . 
  for instance , a commonly quoted isds dispute is over the safety of hydraulic fracturing . 
  sure , we do n't have definite evidence it is bad for health , because the composition of the fracking liquid is a trade secret in most cases !, 
  `` bad faith '' is highly subjective . 
  if someone says `` ok , we will raise the taxes on books in non-local languages '' because he wants to promote local culture , is it bad faith ? 
  the benefits of free trade is a matter of opinion . 
  i generally agree with this theory , but i find it acceptable that a leader could be elected who thinks free trade is dangerous in some domains and moves to protects some of them . 
  that 's normal political debate . 
  if the majority in a country wants to move in one direction or another , let them try . 
  the thing is the kind of mechanism we are discussing serves to put a heavy fine on whoever would like to question the free-trade dominant opinion . 
  therefore , even if one ( like me ) likes free trade but is not sure that it is the ideal 100 % of the time in 100 % of the cases , i would like to opt out of this treaty or at least make it the matter of a referendum . 
  to give you an example . 
  right now , there is a debate over france selling cutting-edge warships to the russian navy . 
  the contracts were signed in 2011 , the first ship was just finished in 2014 . 
  yet , because of the ukraine war , france decided to suspend the delivery . 
  that 's a matter of sovereignty . 
  i do n't like the idea that putin could sue france over the loss that not having these ships will cause to him . 
  i do n't like that in 2011 it would have been possible to set a very high amount of damage in case of unilateral disagreement . 
  there are no legitimate international laws and courts yet . 
  in isds tribunals , the world bank chooses one judge , iirc . 
  how is that a legitimate court to condemn a country ? 
  why is a banking organization considered above a country 's national sovereignty . 
  the leaked part on ip protection hinted at it : https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130530/12171523255/eu-mandate-tafta-leaked-includes-investor-state-dispute-resolution-intellectual-monopolies.shtml as well as in the negociators ' mandate voted by the eu . 
  if the ip part uses this kind of arbitration , it seems reasonnable to imagine that it is not ruled out in other parts as well . 
  but indeed , these negocations are secret while they should absolutely not , and this makes it totally legitimate to imagine the worst scenario . 
  this should be the top comment . 
  yet , i wish we had a trustworthy , independent , international body able to give to the population a clear picture of what is happening . 
  without that , we are forced to trust our own tribe , which is exactly what i do n't want to do . 
  the current proposed operation is not a nato operation , unless i am mistaken . 
  `` some form '' the devil is in the details . 
  i do n't care if an international unelected body gets to decide who is right or wrong on a precise implementation of a contract . 
  in this case , the possibility given would be to attack the state if it implements a law that hinders free trade , under definitions that are not stated and even anticipated to change in time . 
  in the text that leaked ( once again , this is abnormal we are relying on leaked document on such matters ) this was clearly a big an important loss of sovereignty . 
  i am all in favor of an international court of justice . 
  but have your priorities straight : give it a democratic legitimacy and start by judging people for war crime before commercial offenses . 
  fuck you valls , fuck you to hell . 
  you are engineering this situation . 
  you are trying to play it that way because you know that a ps-fn second turn is the only way for the ps to be re-elected . 
  from dieudonn\u00e9 to leonarda , you are very careful to give the fn all the opportunities it can to gain votes . 
  racism is an old horse . 
  the thing is , your kind of people clearly do not believe that human rights apply the same way to people depending on where they were born . 
  that 's not racist per se , but that 's the same kind of my-tribe-before-your-tribe mentality that causes most of the conflicts in the world . 
  we had a norwegian born in the last election : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eva_joly and a proeminent figure ( now retired ) of the french green party was actually german : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_cohn-bendit, 
  it is called drug addiction . 
  it makes people behave stupidly . 
  during the hippie years a lot of middle to higher-class american and european went to nepal looking for enlightenment and ended up begging in kathmandu for heroin money . 
  oh , do we have a public version of the ttip that we can consult to answer this question ? 
  my main problem is in the suspicion ( since we ca n't access the text ) that it will make arbitrage tribunals the norm in the resolution of international trade conflicts . 
  this is a major loss of sovereignty and should not be accepted . 
  this is a blank cheque to put anything this tribunal will want above the laws of the participating countries . 
  do not want . 
  the benefits of a real democracy . 
  nationalism is a disease that can fuel the ambitions of a lot of politicians . 
  making it ineffective is an uphill battle no one ever tried to fight in russia . 
  human nature 101 . 
  if you treat regular people like criminals , regular people will become criminals . 
  declare war on migrants and they 'll declare war on you . 
  that 's actually pretty simple . 
  talk with them in english , for a start . 
  except that in most instance , you can only ask for asylum on the territory where you want asylum ( and embassies do n't work ), 
  in 1945 the goal was to fight against people making a profit helping people cross borders . 
  in 2005 it was tighten to include any kind of help ( except life-saving medical help ) even when it is provided for free . 
  in 2013 helping for free was definitely legalized : http://www.rfi.fr/france/20130102-papiers-promesse-tenue-le-delit-solidarite-est-supprime/ it is strange how the hollande-bashing make people forget how much worse sarkozy actually was . 
  the framework is already there . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_security_and_defence_policy it already has several battalions under its orders : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_battlegroup sure , it is only 31,000 soldiers right now , but the structure is there and is ready to extend if necessary . 
  well there are people denied asylum even as they claim that they received death threats from local al-quaeda 's chiefs . 
  there are people who say they do n't want to fight neither for us nor for talebans . 
  `` the only job out there is mercenary and i do n't want to kill people . '', 
  is this an economic reason ? 
  yes , i believe that globalization needs to happen equally for goods , funds , and people . 
  if there is an imbalance between these , shit like this happens . 
  pakistan benefits from that trade in the same way that slaves benefits from a a rise of wealth of his owner . 
  an improvement does not mean that the situation is ideal . 
  ah if you are a molten cheese addict , i need to suggest a `` blanc sec '' , maybe a savoy wine . 
  less refined , but well , i certainly wo n't cast the first stone . 
  it is called valeurs actuelles, 
  this is an ideological fight in the north of france . 
  the far-right is strong there , so there are actually people who think that the solution is to make their life shitty and that once they start dying they 'll stop coming . 
  for a time , under sarkozy , there was a law nicknamed `` solidarity crime '' where you could be judged if you helped a migrant in anyway : lending a shower , giving a blanket , or offering shelter . 
  luckily , there also are some resistants , both in the population and the administration , that disregard orders or law . 
  but this results in a total mess where officials disregard law , and where no concerted action can really happen . 
  it made a lot of very dark-humor headlines in france . 
  `` migrants refused to go to the showers , fearing deportation '', 
  and actually , uk says in this very article that it has the right to administer its borders as it wishes . 
  well , france says the same . 
  that 's a basically double-fuck-you situation . 
  i wish that on immigration , politicians would behave like responsible adults and understand that people who risk their families earnings and their whole life in such a trip are not exactly doing a leisure trip . 
  because they speak english . 
  because their families are in england . 
  i personally think that the french governement should do all it can to convince them to ask asylum in france ( and start by sending them people who speak english !, 
  ( actually uk could send some people to help there too ) ) , and barring that , give them all they need to attempt their illegal crossing without risks . 
  because it is about ** fucking human lives ** . 
  i understand that immigration is not all flowers and unicorns , but solving this problem by letting people die is really not an acceptable solution . 
  these people come from pakistan and afghanistan typically . 
  we benefit from the goods we import from their country , so this is a matter of globalization : either we block everything , goods and people , from these countries , or we allow both . 
  but saying `` we will import your goods but force you to stay in this hell hole '' is nothing else than outsourced slavery . 
  you are talking to a known far-right redditor . 
  yeah , fuck human rights . 
  because it crosses many zones of different political affiliations and depend from several different structures who all have their own opinion of what should be done . 
  for instance , the rails are usable .
