  this law was discussed when the ump ( main opposition party , very right-wing ) held its internal election . 
  for political and historical reasons , the winner would be the most right-wing one . 
  gay marriage offered a good opportunity to test their forces and to unify them again . 
  it has worked so far . 
  that , and there is also the fact that most people ( including me ) underestimate the number of conservatives in france . 
  20 % of people vote for a racist bigot in presidential elections . 
  28 % more for a slightly watered-down version who got his policies receiving a warning from the eu ( and also a condemnation on a legal point by the european court of human rights ) . 
  we are still a majority of progressive , and i am very proud of that , but the margin is very small . 
  the big surprise was that the opposition was so strong despite the fact that it was never mentioned in the campaign while being a very clear part of hollande 's program . 
  the thing is , this law was debated during ump ( the main right wing party ) 's internal election . 
  the victory was for the most conservative , so on this issue , it cost them nothing to be very strict ( going event to the point where cop\u00e9 called to a coup ! ), 
  i do n't feel i am allowed to mock us for the tea party and silliness that republican spout these days . 
  then you should google rachida dati ( who , in my opinion , tried to turn france into a police state under sarkozy ) and christine lagarde , who `` just '' probably helped steal a few hundred millions from public funds . 
  though the latter is maybe finding the good side of the force while at the imf . 
  strange place to see the light , but well ... 
  they have far-left in greece : it is called the communist party of greece . 
  syriza is really just more regular left that happen to be anti-austerity and pro-nationalization . 
  in the present case , these two policy get branded `` far left '' a lot when they actually are just common sense that right wing parties could easily also defend . 
  `` independent greeks '' is a very new ( 2012 ) right-wing anti-austerity party ( i doubt they are pro-nationalization though ) and is already getting more votes than golden dawn . 
  for me , you can not call `` far left '' a group that does n't propose to abolish free market and free enterprise rules or that does n't attack the notion of private property of lands , companies or means of production . 
  that 's what far left is about , and it is as marginal in greece than far-right is currently . 
  we have seen the rise of a slightly more left-wing party than the pasok , this one can now be rebranded `` centrist '' . 
  i , honestly , do n't know where to hide . 
  the news in france are saturated with this debate . 
  i was happily mocking the us conservatives , being sure that in france such a thing would not happen . 
  after all , it was very clearly in hollade 's program , and during the campaign no one seemed to worry about it . 
  i can try however to give you a political reason for the current turmoil . 
  in september , when the government started to work on this law , the main opposition party ( ump , right wing ) was having its internal election . 
  due to several historic reasons , this election is won by appealing to the people closer to the far-right , so both main candidates tried to look as conservative as possible . 
  when someone , who is liked by 30 to 40 % of french , tells you that a law threatens the foundation of society and calls implicitly for a coup d'\u00e9tat ( i 'm kidding you not , cop\u00e9 talked about the 1958 spirit , when de gaulle took the power amid military agitation ) you do bring crowd to the streets . 
  i do n't challenge the fact that there are generally more conservatives in france than foreigner ( and i ) suspects . 
  after all , sarkozy got almost reelected . 
  but the ump has been pouring a lot of gasoline over this debate , in order to have a subject of strong opposition : the economical or foreign affairs are hard to criticize from their point of view as hollande is , in them , more or less succeeding at applying the program that sarkozy once promised . 
  but there is one area where the catholic church really shines : fashion and hats !, 
  seriously , the ccp needs silly hats , every religion has them ... 
  you can buy and burn these incent sticks as lucky charms in buddhist shrines in japan : http://yvanhoe.free.fr/japan/pict0369s.jpg note that it is symmetric to the nazi symbol . 
  in its original version , the manga naruto contains several characters who have it tatooed on the forehead ( [ example ] ( http://www.naruto2.com/images/clans_guide/hyuuga02.jpg ) ) of course this was modified for western consumption . 
  this symbol is used on maps and city plans to indicate buddhist temples . 
  socialism does not lead to democracy or dictatorship or revolution , democracies regularly elect socialist parties . 
  unless you are in the american definition where socialism , communism , stalinism and sovietism are all synonymous , the list of democracies that have elected socialists into power is quite long . 
  edit : the map in [ this article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_international ) may be of interest to you . 
  history has shown us that socialism can lead to : - dictatorships - democracies - cia overthrowing your government and replacing it by a dictatorship, 
   well , if you do n't see a difference between laos and golden dawn or between nd circa 2004 and nd now you 're just blind . 
  golden dawn is far more active and dangerous than laos ever was , that 's the point . 
  they may be comparatively more dangerous , but at 18 seats , they are in the same category : politically basically harmless . 
   that 's definitely a good thing , but you have to consider that syriza 's success is due to pasok 's demise . 
  nd is still holding and that 's why golden dawn and the like do n't have so many votes yet . 
  and yet , pasok 's demise did not help the communist party . 
  if nd falls , i think that `` independent greeks '' will take all their votes . 
  after all , this party went from 0 to 33 in a matter of months ... 
  extremist right wing parties went from 10 seats in 2007 to 18 in 2012 , on 300 seats . 
  this is a very low score for a far-right party if you look at the score of similar parties in other countries . 
  the coalition of the radical left ( syriza ) went from 14 seats in 2007 to 52 in 2012 and probably much more in the next elections . 
  the far right in greece is still very marginal , especially compared to other countries . 
  it may deserve a few small articles , but seriously , even the communist party of greece ( which is not part of syriza ) made a better score than golden dawn . 
  why do we talk more about them than , for instance , of the totally never mentioned `` independent greeks '' ( 33 seats , a lot more than golden dawn ) a new political party that was an instant success ? 
  maybe because it is also anti-austerity ... really , i used to feel this was paranoia , but now i really see that media want a blackout on the parties that reject austerity . 
  i wonder what she would think of the clich\u00e9s in scandinavia and the world ... 
  ahhh ... marseilles ... have n't they dismantled a drug dealing ring of 50 persons * inside the police * recently there ? 
  marseilles is our very own chicago . 
  if you have the right to criticize the government , if you have the right to criticize religion , if you have the right to a fair election , you are probably not in a fascist state . 
  golden dawn shows contempt for these values , syriza accepts them happily . 
  socialism and fascism are not incompatible but they are not specially correlated . 
  as opposed to who ? 
  commies ... you know , i used to believe that `` far-left '' was more or less a synonymous of ` communist ' , but in this day and age , what passes as far-left would have been called `` centre-left '' or `` moderate left '' before 1991 . 
  you call it like you like . 
  i personally call it common sense center-left , but in 2013 , this is called far left . 
  here is their 40 points program : http://links.org.au/node/2888  1 . 
  audit of the public debt and renegotiation of interest due and suspension of payments until the economy has revived and growth and employment return . 
  demand the european union to change the role of the european central bank so that it finances states and programs of public investment . 
  raise income tax to 75 % for all incomes over 500,000 euros . 
  change the election laws to a proportional system . 
  increase taxes on big companies to that of the european average . 
  adoption of a tax on financial transactions and a special tax on luxury goods . 
  prohibition of speculative financial derivatives . 
  abolition of financial privileges for the church and shipbuilding industry . 
  combat the banks ' secret [ measures ] and the flight of capital abroad . 
  cut drastically military expenditures . 
  raise minimum salary to the pre-cut level , 750 euros per month . 
  use buildings of the government , banks and the church for the homeless . 
  open dining rooms in public schools to offer free breakfast and lunch to children . 
  free health benefits to the unemployed , homeless and those with low salaries . 
  subvention up to 30 % of mortgage payments for poor families who can not meet payments . 
  increase of subsidies for the unemployed . 
  increase social protection for one-parent families , the aged , disabled , and families with no income . 
  fiscal reductions for goods of primary necessity . 
  nationalisation of banks . 
  nationalisation of ex-public ( service & utilities ) companies in strategic sectors for the growth of the country ( railroads , airports , mail , water ) . 
  preference for renewable energy and defence of the environment . 
  equal salaries for men and women . 
  limitation of precarious hiring and support for contracts for indeterminate time . 
  extension of the protection of labour and salaries of part-time workers . 
  recovery of collective ( labour ) contracts . 
  increase inspections of labour and requirements for companies making bids for public contracts . 
  constitutional reforms to guarantee separation of church and state and protection of the right to education , health care and the environment . 
  referendums on treaties and other accords with europe . 
  abolition of privileges for parliamentary deputies . 
  removal of special juridical protection for ministers and permission for the courts to proceed against members of the government . 
  demilitarisation of the coast guard and anti-insurrectional special troops . 
  prohibition for police to wear masks or use fire arms during demonstrations .
