  they broke half of the modern js websites with this mistake . 
  it is hard to make a bigger one . 
   i would consider a directly elected , ceremonial president of the european union to be the head of state i would like to stress out an indirect beneficial effect that this would have : it would make the whole eu population vote on a single election as one people . 
  there is no occasion ever in eu politics for anyone to speak to the eu citizens as a whole . 
  how many europeans can give the name of a mep from another country ? 
  i want to see candidates trying to get votes from all of eu countries and see where we , as a people , agree . 
  even if the president has almost zero power , this alone would make its election worthwhile . 
  that we still think more about our country than about the world we are living in . 
  hopefully , we start realizing , due to issues like various african wars , tax haven and climate change , that even our national interests is concerned by global issues , but it is long to drive this point home ... 
  le canard echain\u00e9 , mediapart , will it still exists . 
  however , neither of these will give you information for free over internet . 
  most newspaper are slowly realizing that this was a mistake . 
  i would call these items differently : - the opposition - the government - the media arguably , there are good people in minority movements in big parties , but they do not get a lot of coverage . 
  but it is discrimination against male , so this is considered ok ... 
  is it even compatible with the european human rights to make such a gender discrimination over a job that can potentially get you killed ? 
  not sure if the 3 mandatory days that we do are considered conscription , but it is for both genders . 
  thanks !, 
  ok , i expected the house , the boat and the girl to be historical landmarks , but at least we have one poet  wikipedia has the backs : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latvian_lats, 
   i am very saddened with the disappearance of the beautiful lat agreed , the designs were nice : http://www.concordia.lv/img/flag/latvia_dengi.jpg i know next to nothing about latvia . 
  if you do n't mind , maybe a small explanation of what is featured on the bills would be a nice start ? 
   this is irrelavent to the point that the soldiers felt they were defending the freedom of belgiums population . 
  what they believed at this time was one thing . 
  what we say about their fight is another . 
  because on your maps , you consider that belgium ends somewhere in auvergne ... 
  to get a sense of the spirit of people at this time , here is a quote from helmuth von moltke , one of the commander of the winning of the franco-prussian war , ( the latest big war in western europe at this time )  eternal peace is a dream -- and not even a beautiful one . 
  war is part of god 's world-order . 
  within it unfold the noblest virtues of men , courage and renunciation , loyalty to duty and readiness for sacrifice -- at the hazzard of one 's life . 
  without war the world would sink into a swamp of materialism . 
  it took wwi for people to realize that war is supposed to be an accident , not the norm . 
  a message from the past !, 
  hello doctor !, 
  i am not in favor of this situation , i am pointing at some obvious solutions that are not used for bad reasons . 
  any kind of border control can be construed as collective punishment . 
  every time i have to apply for a visa or to strip of my shoes , belts , after waiting in a 1 hour queue in an airport , i am thinking about this . 
  i 'm against borders , remove them . 
  but if they are here , go and abuse them until the population sees how awful this concept is . 
  the funny thing is that on the fishing thing i would tend to be on uk 's side : dragging nets are a catastrophe and if they ca n't use that anymore in a zone , that is good . 
  on the border thing , well , gibraltar is an enclave . 
  the fact that they usually have a lax enforcement of border controls is the result of diplomatic agreement . 
  it is a very shaky thing to rely on . 
  gibraltar could become part of the shcengen area without uk being . 
  or gibraltar and madrid could have a special border agreement . 
  lacking that , they have the worst system possible : arbitrary political decisions . 
  oh you are right , this law was talked about a few years ago , but i do n't think it became a european law , it was more of a bullet in a fight between italy and i do n't remember which neighbor ? 
  edit : actually , i do think that going through a country 's airspace does not count for this rule . 
  same may apply for maritime zones . 
  i hereby propose that we make a treaty about what constitutes `` bullshit border controls '' and enforce it on both spain and uk . 
  what about that ? 
  yes , at least on gibraltar borders there is a chance you 'll find some drugs . 
  both policies are totally absurd , face it . 
  schengen is not the only arrangement that can be made . 
  but i am somehow guessing that uk does not want a bilateral arrangement to remove border controls with spain . 
  then let 's remove borders . 
  let 's sign a treaty on that . 
  hey !, 
  looked at [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area ) we have been working on over the last years !, 
  want to be part of that ? 
  you mean you will have a referendum to finally decide to join the eu ? 
  we have been waiting for you !, 
  exiting ? 
  wait ? 
  you mean the uk is in the eu ? 
  gosh ... 
  seriously , switzerland is not in the eu but has signed more european treaties than uk . 
  sometimes it is a merah , sometimes it is a breivik . 
  sometimes the police catches him before it is too late . 
  sometimes it does n't . 
  some days it rains . 
  that can actually lead to sanctions by the european court of human rights . 
  if there is a clear example of such a thing happening , activist groups should push the case on european tribunals . 
  they 'll be welcomed in france as long as they do n't use the presidential plane from ecuador to come here . 
  actually , more seriously , if they manage to arrive in france , they will probably be granted asylum almost automatically . 
  i bet you 10 bitcents that this is not the last time we will regret the decision to make the olympic games in russia . 
  i do n't know what the ocog was thinking ... 
  alternative title : `` part of the banking sector in the economy of various countries '', 
  yeah , germans will accept censorship , right ... 
  if there is one population who knows how to spot the first signs of a totalitarian regime , it is them . 
  i am quite confident it will never happen . 
  it is not about the state of repression , it is about the trend . 
  russia is becoming more oppressive to gays , and many european countries have closer ties with russia than with muslim nations . 
  plus , russia is not that far , culturally , than other european countries , it looks to most european as if they could accept gays with a bit a of pressure and explanation . 
  to us , they look a lot like our grandparents who needed a bit of a push to accept different people . 
  yes , `` among '' . 
  i would love to see a complete list . 
  what non-obvious targets are there ? 
  it is a strange world when keeping your job implies to not do it correctly . 
  no it is not . 
  it is a medium priority : 3 on a scale of 5 . who must i kill to have a list of their 1/5 and 2/5 priorities ? 
  why ca n't journalists release actual information and raw documents ? 
  i hate how they tell you what you should believe instead of giving actual data . 
  i do mind . 
  i had to work with obnoxious obsessive nerds with no culture and no ethics . 
  fortunately , they are the minority among people in cs and it . 
  it is good that they are good in cs but that should not give them a shortcut to diploma . 
  when i was living in paris , i used to volunteer in plan\u00e8te sciences , a non-profit providing science education to young people . 
  i had fun but am now a bit skeptical of the use , considering that most children there were already quite geek and tech saavy . 
  after that , i got involved into hackerspaces , and helped found two , in two cities i moved to , after i left paris . 
  there we had computer repair parties/linux install parties that were more interesting in my opinion : people go there because they want a computer for cheap . 
  they are not necessarily very tech-savvy , but they usually leave after having learn basic things . 
  i also believed that when you are not happy about the politicians you have , you must go into politics , and tried to help the pirate party , but now ... let 's say i do n't plan on doing anything political for a few years  right now i live in tokyo , i go to the local hackerspace , i am going to volunteer on worthy endeavors there , but not still sure exactly which .
