  whether or not it is the reason of the jobless recovery the us ( gdp back to the pre-crisis level , unemployment still at 8 % vs 4.5 % pre-crisis ) , it is a problem that will come . 
  it will cause a dramatic change in our societies . 
  i personally believe that the obvious solution is that , as production becomes capital-intensive rather than labor-intensive , to fund social efforts ( healthcare , retirement , etc. . . ) with taxes on companies ' benefits ( instead than on wages , as is currently done in many states ) and to put tariffs in place to not let tax haven offer an easy dodge . 
  i am really sad that this program is considered extremist and far-left by most . 
  our friend from titan would label it as a nutty socialist ploy that would destroy competitiveness , but i see it like a pretty pragmatic approach to very practical problems . 
  if i were her , i would have called the firefighters to protect from the eviction forces . 
  and take popcorn . 
  you know , firefighters vs policemen is as close as real life will ever go to vikings vs robocops . 
  stairs to stop daleks . 
  closed doors to stop policeman . 
  i think i can now resist anything . 
  seriously , in which country does a closed door stops a police operation ? 
  if your goal is to really look at gdp per capita as a measure of the workers ' productivity , i am interested to know in which respect india or china is faring better than any european country . 
  25th rank in gdp per capita is n't that bad , especially if you consider the huge number of oil producers and tax havens in the top ranks . 
  my admittedly subjective selection would make france rise to the 14th rank . 
  or 15th , depending on what you do with norway : it has a lot of oils , but probably would still be higher than us , hanging out with its usual chumps , dan ' , fin ' and swe ' ... 3 . 
  i do believe that dividing gdp per the number of hours worked in the country is a silly way to measure productivity in a meaningful way . 
  the thing is , economists who use it to attack france are really shooting themselves in the foot : we have a higher `` productivity '' than chinese and a higher gdp per capita . 
  yes , we could work more , but i do n't see how it threatens the economy if we do n't . 
  i still only work with freelancers right now :-) but in france iirc , 5 weeks is the default vacation time . 
  an employee typically earns a few days of holidays per month worked and this caps at ~ 5 weeks or 7 weeks if they work more than 35 hours per week . 
  yes , sorry , we only are the # 5 gdp in the world ... 
  sure but if the problem is a low consumer demand from europe , that seems strange to focus on this consumer market then . 
  interestingly , the guy from titan claims he will produce tires in india and china , to sell them in europe . 
  this makes one wonder if the unions were really the only problem there ... 
  i also run a small company . 
  you know , i do n't have any stasi over my shoulder checking if i am browsing reddit like a good citizen or if i am working past midnight . 
  i also worked , as an employee , for weeks that were quite longer than 40 hours , totally legally . 
  here it works by giving employees additional holidays . 
  flexibility is present , but the legal week gives a basis for negotiations . 
  making sense is n't optional . 
  `` according to the statement '' i am not saying that this is false . 
  merely that `` the statement '' will never be `` due to poor management , this plant has to be closed . '', 
  in france it is much easier and cheaper to close a structure with a deficit . 
  nowadays , accountants have various tricks at their disposal to make a plant appear more in the red than it really is . 
  ` the statement ' will always be that the factory they are closing is losing money . 
  the size and market share of michelin , the subsidizes that exist in france , the average productivity of france , the belief that what he pretends to have seen in amiens is the norm in france . 
  if you think this is far-fetched , consider that the eu [ working time directive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/working_time_directive ) making 48 hours the longest possible week , was considered to stringent for uk , which managed to get ( again ) a special dispense . 
  maybe scotland after independence ? 
  amen . 
  actually france emerges from 17 years of right-wing presidency and 12 years of right-wing government . 
  you know , the right-wing ideas are not unwelcomed on this forum , but getting your facts right before being ironic is a prerequisite to not get downvoted . 
  note however that dividing gdp per hours worked is not necessarily the best metric . 
  it could also mean that your wages are far too low . 
  i am not sure that a factory worker that works at 120 % of his capacities can earn more gdp by doing that than a software developer half-slacking at his office work . 
  `` being productive '' is often understood as working seriously with meticulousness and energy . 
  the metric used is quite different . 
  agreed . 
  i love this subreddit because it is the closest place i have found for a european public opinion to form . 
  but if this must become a europe circlejerk , it will be far less interesting . 
  eating horse meat is alright . 
  talking about it for days when they are more pressing issues in the country is a bit nauseating though . 
  yes , that is an interesting comparison but it was worth pointing out because the usual definition of an immigrant for a eu state is `` someone born outside the nation it resides in '' . 
  we are not yet a single nation . 
  or you actually send [ people dressed like trolls ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ) and make them win . 
  of course , but one you set the political will in motion , you can start closing loopholes one after the other . 
  it says `` easter 42 '' . 
  in 1942 , france was occupied . 
  the mustache on the stamp is petain 's , the then `` governor '' of france . 
  the flags under the chicken are the fascist and occupied countries at this time . 
  i am not sure i would call it propaganda . 
  it was rather the honest view of the `` official '' french government by then . 
  they saw europe as a federation unified by the nazi rule , and it is indeed accurate to say that uk was at this time in a minority . 
  it is somehow comforting to see how much progress we have made since then . 
  uk was indeed highly dependent on us help ( hence the image of the trap ) and uk indeed supported the jewish population more than the other countries depicted under the chicken . 
  so yes , you could say it is propaganda , but also the views that some people in favor of the collaboration held . 
   in the extreme persecution of the holy roman church , there will sit . 
   peter the roman , who will pasture his sheep in many tribulations , and when these things are finished , the city of seven hills will be destroyed , and the dreadful judge will judge his people . 
  the end . 
  [ prophecy of the popes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prophecy_of_the_popes ), 
  dude , * german * girls . 
  they scare me . 
  i hear that sabaton 's [ forty to one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoqj8gghnxu ) was very appreciated in poland . 
  it is from a swedish metal band that retales famous battles , and this one talks about germany 's successful invasion of poland during wwii but reminds through the title the ratio of force that has been necessary for germany to achieve that . 
  strangely , we do n't have a similar song for the invasion of france ... 
  [ ma france ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cfchwouq1q ) , jean ferrat [ le chant des partisans ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrhg-ioik8c ) , ana marly , popular song of the resistants during wwii just do n't read the nationalistic crap in the comments . 
  there , there , have a surrendering monkey hug ... 
  i thought that it became false in the 80s/90s ? 
  now the international trade is at an unprecedented level in human history . 
  edit : after reading al the negative things people have to say about their respective countries , i guess you will spot a trait commonly and rightly attributed to french : we are arrogantly proud  i guess there is some truth to the story that the rooster is france 's national animal because it is the only bird that sings with both feet in the shit ... discussing this with my japanese wife , there seems to be two very clear events that shaped the french mentality : the french revolution and the wwii occupation by nazis . 
  french revolution is still very present in our culture and history . 
  its message is clear : tyranny is not something that the french people will accept easily , and riots are to be taken seriously as they can end up into a revolution . 
  whether it is a myth that this can happen again today , this is a belief that is still here . 
  the other one , and maybe the most obvious , is what happened in wwii when the population was divided in two parts : resistants and collaborators . 
  in the end , resistants are now considered to be the heroes and collaborators the bad guys . 
  the interesting thing is that collaborators were the legalists , they were the one following the law . 
  resistants were considered terrorists , outlaws and traitors during occupation . 
  it is worth noticing that the official french government had surrendered and declared the people continuing to fight to be in illegality and labeled them terrorists . 
  the end result is that `` it is the law '' will not appear as a good enough reason for most french to comply to something . 
  the law can be wrong and has been in the past . 
  what you should do is what is good , not what is legal . 
  another less obvious characteristic of france is its anticlericality . 
  it took me a long time to see that this was really uncommon in other countries . 
  a lot of french people will believe that many ideqs of the enlightenment originated from france , but actually most of the democratic ideas came from england and germany . 
  only one idea , the defiance against religion , originated in france . 
  `` la\u00efcit\u00e9 '' is actually a different concept than its common translation `` secular '' . 
  this article reeks of political agenda and does not really try to hide its opposition to this proposal . 
  it is simple : transactions incoming and/or outgoing from one ftt state will be taxed by an amount so small that it wo n't evn be noticed by commercial transactions but that will hurt speculation and evasion . 
  it will also put into place the tools that are necessary to have a chance to ever fight tax evasion and fiscal havens . 
  there are generally people who enjoy violence on both sides .
