   police do n't even help at all , they sometimes simply escalate . 
  well , solve this problem then . 
  if your police does not manage to put things into order you will soon have a variety of problems . 
  the point is , a man can not wait in the parking that a woman comes out alone where no one will see them . 
  near the exit , there are usually many people and it is safer . 
  i used to believe that way , but then you have to face the reality that 95 % of sexual aggression are made by men . 
  enforced-women-only parking place is a way of not having de-facto-men-only nightlife . 
  and police . 
  i heard that they had this kind of thing in europe ... actually , design the nightlife district to be safe , especially for women , like they do in germany : have women only parking places near the entrances , have reserved subway wagons . 
  have police patrols at the time the bars close or the happy hour ends , plan things a bit ... 
  anything that annoys the english :-p seriously though , i consider independence in this day and age to be indicative of a democratic failure . 
  i really like or motto `` liberty , equality , brotherhood '' and think they sum up well the pillars of a good society . 
  when you want independence , this indicates a failure on the equality and brotherhood part . 
  i do n't know if the scots are to blame more than the english but it makes me sad when a region wants to secede from a democracy . 
  it means that the model of society used did not work for a given population and needs to be improved . 
  independence would just make the symptom disappear but not the cause . 
  separate nightlife districts from residential districts and most of these problems disappear . 
  most cities in europe are old and have a lot of historical momentum that prevents that . 
  yet , i am sure that is a no-residential block had the authorizations to be open all night , it would attract a lot of people and not disturb anyone . 
  no thanks , i have n't recovered enough of french politics to plunge into another history of bigotry : - / i learnt that i knew nothing about the situation of black people in the usa when i read that incredible post : http://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/1ds5fa/a_march_on_washington_with_loaded_rifles/c9tg5ax it took black people with loaded guns to march into a capitol to improve their rights . 
  the way social progress is made in america seems to always involve guns at some point ... 
   they knew about it , they are just playing innocent because they did n't want the public to know about it . 
  and now that we have the solid proof , everyone knows about it . 
  yes , and that 's why i ca n't vote for anyone who plays the outraged virgin there : they are either totally incompetent or blatant liars . 
   possibly , but in assange 's case it worked , and with snowden it did n't . 
  wait a bit , and remember this : he will be destroyed . 
  it wo n't be hard , after all he left a wife and kids behind ( imagine if assange did that ! ), 
  and went to the chinese ( nevermind that hong kong is not exactly china , journalists do n't care much about that ) . 
  as soon as the usa will have exhausted its abilities to legally get snowden , he will be shot down , either physically or through character assassination . 
  here are two official programs , widely known , not secret at all : [ echelon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/echelon ) and [ information awareness ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/information_awareness_office ) . 
  the first one triggered a eu warning to european companies in 2001 basically saying `` usa spies on you to gain competitive advantage . '', 
  the second one was described in 2002 as `` creating enormous computer databases to gather and store the personal information of everyone in the united states , including personal e-mails , social networks , credit card records , phone calls , medical records , and numerous other sources , without any requirement for a search warrant . '', 
  maybe you never heard about that . 
  that 's ok if it is not your job , but for journalists and politician , this is inexcusable . 
  the cablegate revealed the amount of support that us was ready to offer to ben ali and mubarak is seen by some as crucial in the unfolding of the arab spring . 
  the cablegate also revealed that if you visited a us embassy in the last years , your dna was probably taken , and also that there is a black list of people to assassinate in afghanistan and that usa does diplomacy by threatening to add some names ( the example given was the president 's nephew ) on it . 
  but yeah , newspaper said it just was a registry of funny quotes about berlusconni and sarkozy . 
  that , my friend , is called character assassination . 
  if , after reading assange 's bio , you think he is a dick , you probably have never met one . 
  yeah , he does n't have to make himself the face of wikileaks except that small details : it is what kept him alive . 
  that , and # 2 destroyed crucial files and backups as well . 
  assange can serve as a trustworthy gateway for information , he proved he was idealist enough to resist a huge pressure . 
   here 's a fun thought : think about how popular assange would be if he were n't of a significantly paler complexion than most white americans . 
  mean , it 's funny he 's so pale , but imagine if he were brown . 
  i have never really understood the relationship americans have with skin color . 
  it seems very important , yet it is officially irrelevant . 
  i do n't know if it would have had an impact , my guesses on that are probably wrong . 
  actually , this idea comes from this nifty webcomic : http://dresdencodak.com/2010/06/03/dark-science-01/, 
  i want to congratulate the russian services for running such a successful exfiltration test !, 
  however , i understood the situation ( about france at least ) to be a bit more complicated than that . 
  ~ ~ would the president want to protect snowden , he would not have the power to do so . ~ ~ ~ ~ first , asylum is granted by an independent court and current laws say we would have to deny snowden asylum because officially , usa is a democracy with fair tribunals . ~ ~ ~ ~ second , snowden is , officially , suspect of a crime , and even if not judged yet , he admitted he committed a crime ( treason ) . 
  current treaties being what they are , the french police has to arrest snowden and extradite him . ~ ~ ~ ~ so , if we want our countries to remain countries that apply their own laws but still want to help snowden , we have to change our current laws . 
  the idea of creating a whistleblower status is interesting . 
  it could work a bit like free speech . ~ ~ edit : actually a french lawyer blogger , [ maitre eolas ] ( http://www.maitre-eolas.fr/post/2013/07/05/non%2c-la-france-na-pas-refuse-lasile-a-eward-snowden ) made a detailled explanation ( in french ) . 
  here is the summary : this lawyer who has a lot of experience in asylum laws says that snowden would probably be granted asylum if he made the demand . 
  asylum decisions are taken by a special court independent from the government . 
  however , to do that , you have to be inside of france ( the embassy does n't work ) . 
  france recently denied his visa demand to make asylum demand . 
  visa demands are managed by the interior minister . 
  those are totally dependent from the power . 
  there are precedents of france granting asylum to american artists during the maccarthy witchhunt , so this is totally possible . 
  for the record , note however that i am perplexed by the fact that snowden , who revealed things that were widely known , who did so by clearly illegal means , who collaborated with cia and nsa for a long time and who is liable by us laws , is receiving more support than assange , who did a journalist job , taught us things we really did n't know ( yes , major newspaper did talk about the less interesting factlets ) , worked to force transparency during all his life and did nothing illegal does receive far less support . 
  and do n't get me started on aaron swartz ... 
   de gaulle must be spinning in his grave . 
  not his original grave . 
  actually we linked his corpse to a turbine and it now provides 15 % of french electricity . 
  debates is still on on whether posthumous indignity is a clean energy . 
  well , no one is asking to wage a war on the issue , but showing some resolve would be nice . 
  the us wo n't send gis overnight in lisbon . 
  you first have protest , official protests , pressures , economical pressures , etc. . . it would be nice to at least reach the `` informal protest '' stage . 
  wow , what a bad article . 
  the france is probably not the white knight in this story , but how is it relevant to anything ? 
  imo , the main scandal is that politicians who play outraged victims right now are either : - lying ( and hoping their voters are stupid ) - totally incompetent as the state and extent of the us surveillance is absolutely not a surprise and actually even officially recognized since several years . 
  when i see them complaining , what i am actually hearing is `` oh , we did n't take even the most basic step to protect crucial data and we just hoped for general benevolence . '', 
  none of these people should be allowed in a debate about privacy laws or it regulations . 
  they have shown themselves to be totally out of the game . 
  that would be like letting someone who does n't know the difference between real cash and monopoly money have a say on fiscal policy . 
  yes , and this is why i mockingly call it reliable : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_dispute russia already cut down gas supply to ukraine ( and incidentally , to a lot of other european countries ) during winter . 
  no one in their right mind would make russia the sole source of gas in europe when norway is available . 
  that has always been a myth . 
  there was a corrupt politician ( charles pasqua ) accepting oil money from saddam , and he is slowly but inexorably chased down by the justice . 
  then change leaders . 
  what is the problem there ? 
  because they do n't want to have any business outside france , they do n't like americans , and , let 's face it , politically no party can be in favor of iraq war when 80 % of the population disagrees . 
  protest against the iraq war have been the biggest protests in paris since its liberation in 1945 . 
  quite a symbol . 
  what , exactly , happens if norway stops being able to sell its oil ? 
  where is eu supposed to get its gas ? 
  from reliable russia ? 
  if norway stops selling its gas , it still continues to work correctly : they are energy autonomous and i believe food-autonomous . 
  that 's ok . 
  if europe stops buying norway gas , it freezes over next winter . 
  europe needs more vikings . 
  i say you get your leaders to tour over europe and explain how to grow balls to ours . 
  edit : actually , did i just suggest that fearless vikings raid our governments ? 
  and more drones pilot through eve online than the whole iceland population . 
  all becomes clear now !, 
  yes , left-wing , green , and also far-right . 
  some mp from the current ruling party also support this proposal . 
  only umps ( right wing ) have stated that they are not sure what the problem is with us spying ...
