  come on , greece pretends to have invented democracy , they are supposed to know how it works : do not vote for people who were frauds , if none of the others are suitable , make a new one . 
  from what i have read , the big `` far left '' party is fairly reasonable . 
  i grew up in a world where * far-left * meant communist . 
  these guys are apparently not . 
  they are labeled as crazy fringe radicals because they wanted to cancel a part of the greek debt a few years ago ( something that is happening right now anyway ) and to not accept the austerity measures of the eu , a policy that is gaining a lot of detractors as time passes . 
  foreign support is one thing , but it is the greeks who are voting . 
  i do n't see how one can vote for someone who willfully commit fraud on national accounting , causing the economic crisis we have today . 
  to be fair , i do n't understand why there has been no lawsuits about this . 
  a once small far left party was in # 3 / # 2 position last time i checked ( sometime last year ) there has been numerous articles about far right parties gaining traction too . 
  i loved cohn-bendit 's speech in the eu parliament claiming that it was europe 's mission to disarm the conflict around cyprus . 
  it has the diplomatic weight to make both greek and turkey accept a mediation . 
  cyprus is part of eu , it should be serious eu business . 
  it is the reason why greece has such a high military budget . 
  the corruption of the greek political class also does n't help . 
  i do n't understand why it took so long to new political parties to rise when the current situation is the obvious responsibility of the ruling class of the past decade . 
  this is more about cyprus conflict around cyprus . 
  this is purely a greek-turkish conflict . 
  the marriage has a lot of good laws to protect parnters . 
  the classical problem with homosexual couples is what happens when a loan is made to pay for an apartment , and one of the members of the couple dies . 
  can the other one be simply chased from his home ? 
  currently , yes . 
  hehe , yeah , it was supposed to be that here as well , but the legislative fights made it what it is today . 
  note that , ironically , this led in part to what the catholics feared : it gave a status that was lighter than marriage that many heterosexual couples enjoyed . 
  it gave tax status of a couple and eased rent sharing . 
  now , there are more civil pacts done than marriages in france . 
  the current government is a coalition of ecologists and socialists , with socialists being the majority . 
  ecologists are for legalization but the official socialist position is against . 
  however , at least one minister said she was officially in favor of legalization . 
  probably in big parts due to the legalization in us , several self-growing communities will do a move that has serious cojones : they will declare themselves officially as non-profit ( it is a known legal process ) and dare the police to shut down non profits that do n't sell cannabis . 
  no , that 's a humorous translation that i would not have used if i did not know all the participants knew the english expression , 
  ok , that 's the difference , our civil union has far less rights than marriage . 
  because i remember the debates of this time . 
  it started by saying that pacs would be marriage in every ways except by name , but in the end the catholic opposition emptied it of its meaning , creating a quite nifty arrangement 's , even for heterosexual couples ( here it is now seen as a pre-marriage ) but it failed to address many points that a marriage is used to solve : - inheritance - adoption as a couple - immigration for bi-national couples - solidarity in debts and contracts most gays do not care that it is called a marriage or not , and i doubt that `` recognition '' is the main issue , but they have been told once `` you 'll see , it has a different name but is the exact same thing '' and they do n't want to be tricked again . 
  to legalize ? 
  we may have been the first to propose a kind of legal union ( though i doubt it , you northmen had some stuff before 1999 , did n't you ? ), 
  but the legalization , i.e. , the act of removing homosexuality from the list of legal offenses happened quite late . 
  i think the earliest legalizer of homosexuality has been the ussr . 
  edit : sainte vache !, 
  it is apparently legal since 1791 !, 
  there were still discriminatory practices in other laws ( age of consent if higher for homosexuals and it is an aggravating circumstance for exhibitionism ) and some bad karma during the vichy occupation , but apparently two people having sex in the privacy of their home were not doing anything illegal since the french revolution . 
  not bad . 
  edit2 : legal but considered like a mental disease at some point in the 60s . 
  strange times . 
  i still consider that both us and france move forward . 
  there are some states in us where gay marriage is possible , are n't there ? 
  you know , the legalization of cannabis for recreational uses in washington and ( iirc ? ), 
  colorado had an impact here . 
  we feel we are lagging behind on this issue . 
  just wanted to point out that le monde diplomatique is not related to le monde . 
  le monde diplo has usually a far-left point of view . 
  it sometimes has refreshing analysis , unusual information , but sometimes verges on the conspiracy theory . 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  threathened amphibians , flood risks and drought risks seem to be strange indicators to combine . 
  from what we know , it could just be a map of the average weather ... 
  we could have been a leader 14 years ago with the pacs that was supposed to be some sort of marriage agreement . 
  we could have brought a very positive immigration into france , a population that did not move because of poverty , just like holland and germany used to have during the wars of religion in france . 
  instead , catholics made us waste 14 years , and are still trying to slow down the legislative process . 
  honest question : if there was an honest politician , or a serious alternative to current political parties , would you know about it ? 
  are you sure there are none ? 
  i know that the pirate party in germany put together a liquid democracy forum to take position on some social issues , for instance . 
  alternative exist , honest politician exist , the only thing they need to get elected is your vote and your voice . 
  well , now you have identified the problem . 
  it is neil de grass tyson who once answered to a `` what would you do if you were president ? '', 
  question : he explained that the president is usually not the problem . 
  the problem is with the voters . 
  educate them , explain things to them , waken their critical thinking abilities , and you will get very good presidents . 
  `` politics is not football '' is a good slogan to start . 
  explain to them that they can and have to change teams if they do n't like the current results . 
  politics in a democracy are pretty straightforward : if you find a party disgusting , find people who still vote for it and share your disgust with them , convince them to let this party die out . 
  actually , nasa now uses metrics too , as do most scientists in us . 
  here is a convenient cheat-sheet to get used to metrics ( which should be relabeled `` us-army-nasa system '' to look more sexy to the public ) http://xkcd.com/526/, 
  i take it back : http://www.academie-francaise.fr/la-langue-francaise/questions-de-langue#26_strong-em-courriel-ml-em-strong both are accepted in french and are not equivalent . 
  courriel means email and m\u00e9l means `` email address '' . 
  `` courriel '' , though the official silly translation by our beloved academy is `` m\u00e8l '' . 
  ugly and never used , but official . 
  * touch\u00e9 *, 
  everybody is high in holland . 
  sounds right . 
   do they really think that what the eu brings is not worth 0.65 % of their budget ? 
  note that gdp and budgets are different things . 
  that being said , i really like people like you who try to have an analytic view of the situation , by crunching numbers if necessary . 
  i have done my experiments with human development index , and energy production model . 
  i am desperate to find a forum/subreddit/mailing list where people do this kind of thing . 
  do you know of any such good place ? 
  depends on whether the falklands are part of eu or are in a weird intermediate status as we , former colonial empires , love to create for our remote islands . 
  who are you calling weak , uk ? 
  it could work , yes . 
  actually the line `` rer a '' between la d\u00e9fense and the center of paris is already the busiest in europe . 
  but that 's the thing , right ? 
  it is in the center that you need tall buildings the most . 
  why are les halles not a 30 stories high building ? 
  go there on a saturday , it makes shibuya crossing look like a joke . 
  last time i was there , there were people hired to push people out of escalators to prevent a jam . 
  once again , i am pretty fond of the historical paris and i understand why many people do not want to see skycrapers on the \u00cele de la cit\u00e9 but then paris has to stop pretending that this is a european capital city . 
   but the city itself only has a population of 2,2 m this is more or less a self-imposed limit . 
  create one million room in paris and i doubt it will be hard to sell them . 
  in the case of paris it is also the result of regulations making it almost impossible to build high buildings in the city . 
  my personal opinion has always been thet either we make paris a historic capital and a tourist spot and move the real capital to the east or we remove these silly regulations and allow for skyscrapers in the inner city . 
  hugo boss, 
  made me smile a bit and wonder 5 seconds if you were serious : 6/10,
