  `` can we ask you anything ? '', 
  and some follow up on the cablegate , if he saw that coming , if he knew about prism , if he was involved in cia missions , etc. . . 
  i doubt he would answer any of my questions however . 
  the only utility of such an iama would be to show the extent to which transparency does not exist in diplomatic foreign relations . 
  and , according to gu\u00e9ant , still in use two years after they were made illegal . 
  i would not be surprised at all that sarkozy made it so that he would get the raise and would be the last president to use hidden cash . 
  actually , i do n't believe at all the story that it was to replace this amount that the raise was decided . 
  it was solely an excuse given after the fact . 
  he did n't like to have a smaller pay than some ministers , that was mainly an ego and a very simple greed problem . 
  that 's what he says , yes . 
  he claimed they removed `` hidden cash '' from the presidential prerogatives and from the ministries , yet , gu\u00e9ant has shown that to not be true . 
  sarkozy raised his salary by 170 % when he arrived . 
  sarkozy raised his salary 170 % , i do n't think hollande brought it back to its initial level . 
  so be happy that this `` minimum populist action '' is still considered the decent thing to do by your politicians . 
  well that is `` pipole '' news . 
  we do have these in france too . 
  i guess that the fact that people news become more european is a good sign for the emergence of a european public opinion . 
  it is still sad that this is the economist which makes this but , well , it has been a constant slide over the years . 
  you ca n't expect it to shine particularly in august where the news cycle is slow . 
  given the nationality of my interlocutor , i thought polite to not mention the most obvious example :-) but this is not the only example of populations being installed somewhere to claim democratic political control of a territory ... 
  i found this one , from 1960 : http://www.un.org/ga/search/view_doc.asp?symbol=a/res/1541%28xv%29 is this it ? 
  it was written as a guide for decolonization , and maybe one could twist its meaning a bit to fit a libertarian scenario , but it requires to ignore that it addresses to territories where people do not have a right to self-determination , that is to say , colonies whose people do not get the right to vote . 
  `` self determination '' , under this document , seems to mean `` being part of a democracy '' , not necessarily an independent one . 
  plus it asks that the territory makes some sort of cultural sense , which is hard to argue when your plan is just to stop paying taxes ... 
  well if this is the case , i would be very surprised . 
  there has been more or less recent events in italy and us where this kind of secession was not accepted . 
  it is not that i disagree , this is indeed how you get democratic legitimacy for an independence claim and it is usually a good idea to organize such a vote to gain support from other countries , but this definition is an idealized one . 
  it is easy to fake the 51 % criterion by moving populations around , and some cases are quite questionable . 
  say that me and my family do n't want to pay taxes or loans anymore . 
  we have a 100 % agreement over independence of our house , would you consider us independent unless we manage to enforce it militarily ? 
  ( yeah i have been day-dreaming a lot about sealand & consorts ), 
  to remember to send them assange once they manage to extradite him from ecuador 's embassy . 
  independence is gained by international recognition . 
  i may be wrong but i think that no nato nation recognized south ossetia as independent , and possibly no other nation than russia . 
  after russia intervened , sarkozy was sent on a diplomatic mission , officially to negotiate russian withdrawal , but in practice , to recognize south ossetia independence . 
  i found it comical that in france , he stated that thanks to him , there were no russian tanks anymore in georgia , which is technically correct , but only because georgia 's recognized border shrinked by a large amount . 
  a lot of analysts said at the time that this operation was seen as a retaliation by moscow of the recognition for kosovo independence . 
  correct , i was confusing with their dsl offer . 
  in france we now have unlimited plans for ~ ~ 30 $ ~ ~ 20 $ per month . 
  this even include some foreign destinations and internet data . 
  so i think we are on left side now . 
  the same company offers 2 hours of communication for 2 euros , or 1.6 cents per minute if you do n't want to use the zero figure . 
  this was solely thanks to a new entrant ( free telecom ) , all prices were cut down by 50 % in a single day ( this is not an exaggeration ) . 
  this was a downright admission that most operators had more than 50 % of margin before . 
  the imf is a financial institution funded by several countries and operating independently of them without democratic oversight . 
  a lot of its governors come from various financial institution . 
  the person who holds the most votes across their board right now is the former coo of citigroup . 
   yes , because the imf members like to piss away money because it 's so much fun . 
  it must be , seeing how they did not try to find any culprit in the goldman-greek adminsitration fraud over the reporting of the state 's budget . 
  they even promoted the main person responsible to the head of the ecb !, 
  yep , either they enjoy wasting money , or they have a way to divert personnaly a bit of the huge flows we witness today . 
   they also love to impose austerity for no reason because they 're cartoon villains . 
  well , actually yes . 
  austerity is very useful : it worsen the crisis while giving lenders a very good lever to give commands to state . 
  think about it : financial institutions are transmitting commands to government . 
  this is indeed supervillain stuff . 
  they take control of countries by harming their economies . 
  simply brilliant , indisputably evil . 
  you are not trying or do n't know how to have a coherent discussion . 
  goodbye . 
  well , the years i spent trying to change laws had far less results than the years i spent trying to improve software  i do think that laws change far more easily once you have demonstrated that they are obsolete . 
  if you have a successful open research project , it will show that most arguments about ip laws being here to protect researchers are pure propaganda . 
   and so is the attempt to deflect attention to `` organic '' instead . 
  how so ? 
  you claim unproven characteristics on a random food category . 
  i do the same . 
   labelling costs would be trivial and probably a fraction of the costs the gmo-lobby already spent against allowing it to occur . 
  i simply doubt that there is a huge pressure to prevent the labeling to occur . 
  i simply think that there is a missing case on this being necessary at all . 
  the cost is not in the labeling itself , it is in the tracking that needs to occur for the labeling to be correct , the cost of inspections , testing , the cost of debates on what does or not constitute a `` quantity of gmo '' worth labeling , what sane exception do exist , should trace amounts be indicated , should doubt be mentioned , etc. . . 
  seriously , spend your time on something that does not relate to magical thinking and do everyone a favor . 
   our knowledge about about what or not `` propagates in the meat '' ( as you put it ) is fluid . 
  let us not pretend that we have reached `` the end of science ! '', 
  sure . 
  then explain why worry about gmo and not about organic food then . 
  propose a credible mechanism for 1 ) gmo to be harmful 2 ) transmit this harm into the organism of an eater of an organism that ate that  and how does one address that anyway ? 
  there is no need to address every word i write . 
  i am giving you a good , if condescending , advice . 
  if you want to show something , do not show university degrees , but show that you have an understanding of what you are talking about and propose a mechanism for gmo `` badness '' to be transmitted to the meat of animals who ingest them . 
  well , it is hard to have definite numbers , but some journalists point out that 300,000 registered businesses sounds like a lot for a country with 1 million of inhabitants . 
  make a bitcoin tip !, 
  haha , but the recent problem you had in your banking sector was that you are a tax haven for people officially residing there , and a lot of people who never went to cyprus apparently have a postal address there . 
  i guess that explains a part of it . 
  actually , from imf 's friends point of view , the real catastrophe would be greece defaulting and the world 's economy not showing a hint of a problem . 
  come see what the former government was saying about muslims here ... 
  wow , i did not know that . 
  how could they accept that ? 
  i would feel considered like a second class citizen ... 
  yep . 
  and ? 
  train , with no hesitation . 
  in a train you have far more comfort . 
  you can easily sleep , you can work and in some places even have internet access . 
  trains do not have the constraints that planes have . 
  they can spend a lot more mass and space in making the trip comfortable . 
  my dream would be to be able to go to japan with trains and boats in less than 7 days . 
  i would seriously consider that option instead of having an uncomfortable flight and insulting security checks . 
   you are never going to compete with planes for those distances so high speed rail does n't make sense . 
  actually , considering that airports are usually outside cities , that goods need to be transferred to trains then to trucks in order to reach their final destinations , considering that you have the reverse process at the start , i do think that competition is quite possible . 
  320 km/h is a comemrcial speed on rails with current technology .
