  disclaimer : i am left-leaning , so i may be biased , but please do judge based on the facts . 
  [ golden dawn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( greece \\ ) ) is a neo-nazi party ( they claim it , i am not extrapolating ) . 
  they are a new formation , that swallowed the far-right votes . 
  they have 18/300 seats in parliament . 
  in polls , they are third . 
  [ syriza ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coalition_of_the_radical_left ) is called radical left , because they wanted to cancel a part of the greek debt before people accepted it was inevitable and they refuse the austerity imposed by the europe and imf ( which is changing its opinion on this whole austerity thing btw ) . 
  they are the most moderate party that refuses the austerity . 
  the big left wing party accepts it . 
  they have 71/300 seats in parliament . 
  in polls , they now are first . 
  now , have these parties risen ? 
  golden dawn is new , and makes now between 10 and 20 % in polls . 
  less that far-right parties in most of europe . 
  sure , the far-right in my country does not have people labeling themselves neo-nazi , but they are holocaust deniers . 
  excuse me of not thinking the difference to be that big ... 
  the `` far-left '' , however , has exploded and will probably win next elections . 
  they are not a violent party , contrary to new dawn ( whose representatives [ attack opponents physically ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqudvjak54o ) , and have militias in the street ) . 
  why is it that medias talk more about new dawn , which makes unimpressive scores in elections , than about syriza , which * is * a revolution in greek politics ? 
  they do n't like the story that big mainstream parties have been ** totally ** discredited by the way they handled the crisis ( the pasok went from 40 + % to 7.2 % in three years . ), 
  that more than the rise of hate and xenophobia , or radical ideas , this is an example of democracy at work : pushing out the bad leaders . 
  i have seen the blackout about how iceland and ireland handled the crisis ( not really handled by radical leftists , by the way ) . 
  i am now seeing how they plan to not talk about the economic policies of syriza . 
  i do think it will fail : greece has been put into the spotlight for too long for this strategy to succeed . 
  well they do use the hitlerian salute ( saying , rightly but quite conscious of the message it conveys , that this is an antique form of salute ) . 
  similarily , their logo is a part of an ancient greek pattern , but it is also design to evoke a little something to most europeans : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( greece ), 
  they are pretty radical as they dare question the politics of austerity . 
  from what i read , they are the most moderate party that proposes to cancel a part of the greek debt and to refuse austerity measures . 
  once you eliminate the parties that are responsible of the current situation in greece , i would say that syriza is the most acceptable one . 
  why not ? 
  communists nowadays do n't say `` let 's make a dictatorship and join the ussr block . '', 
  if they are democratic , why not ? 
   a january stem survey found that just 46 percent of people felt today 's system is better than communism , a 21-year low . 
  i guess that it is not the one-party system or the censorship that these people long for , but the strong public service , the social organization , the state-sponsored helps for lodging , healthcare , education . 
  we tend to call it socialism when it is democratic , but nowadays `` socialists '' are closer to the center than 30 years ago , so why not bring back communists into the game ? 
  i often see people showing california as an example about how the direct democracy is a problem . 
  but can someone explain it to me in more details ? 
  maybe californians do think that they have too much taxes and that it makes sense to reduce them as well as the public service ? 
  why would n't it be a sensible opinion in some cases ? 
  swiss do not vote for lower taxes but they already have quite low ones and an efficient public service . 
  little known fact : since 2008 there is a similar ( but much harder to trigger : it takes 1/5th of parliament ) disposition in the french constitution . 
  however , the various parliaments never took the time to vote the actual law . 
  since 2008 . 
  the day it is enacted into law , i make my first text a proposal to transform this right into a full votation system , with just citizens ' signatures necessary to trigger the referendum . 
  actually in germany , a newspaper titled `` two clowns win the italian election '' and this triggered an official reaction from the union of circus workers ( which include clowns ) who said this article was offensive . 
  i kid you not . 
  there are at least two known occurrences where `` secret proofs '' have been proven to mean `` no proof a all '' . 
  i do n't like anything about this decision . 
  if the guy is a terrorist , judge him and jail him . 
  and yes , let 's pay for his detention if this makes the world a safer place . 
  if he did nothing worthy of tribunal , why expel him ? 
  if he did something worthy of tribunal , why expel him ? 
  how is he less dangerous outside ? 
  this story is fishy . 
  i want justice , not just judgmental banishments . 
  i am not sure what i would prefer , a democratic nato or an independent eu army . 
  either way , beginning talks of an eu army is a good start to get to any of these options . 
  well , my point is that you either voice your concern while taking part of the project , or you do n't take part in the project and do not expect your concern to be heard . 
  if you see your cash contribution as just `` eu taking our cash '' then clearly it is not in your interest to be part of the eu . 
  i would also be interested in such a list . 
  i just have anecdotal evidence : quite often when i look up for a eu regulation , law , law project , there are exemptions for uk . 
  the last i remember of is the law on the maximum hours of a working week . 
  the influence of a country in eu is directly proportional to its wealth . 
  we have a similar population and gdp . 
  only your unwillingness to be in a driving position prevents you from having the kind of influence that germany of france has . 
  and if you are referring to the constitutional referendum with your `` non '' , please remind me the polls in uk about this text ? 
  europe is imperfect . 
  there are many things i dislike about it too . 
  just choose if you want to address this problem from the inside or from the outside . 
  the de gaulle excuse is ridiculous . 
  there are late members of the eu that are better integrated than uk . 
  either join us making the eu a better thing than it is now , or leave it and consider like a neighbor . 
  but understand that your current attitude of making proposals that you will not apply to yourself can be seen as purposeful sabotage . 
  how exactly are we `` taking your cash '' ? 
  we are doing trade , which something different , and you also fund eu organizations which , you know , you are supposed to be a part of !, 
  the problem with making suggestions is that you are far less credible when you do suggestions for a group you do not try to belong to . 
  `` i wo n't sign this treaty anyway but i think it should be like this and that to please me . '', 
  is not the same as `` i would sign this treaty if this condition is added '' . 
  the number of eu treaties with special cases for uk is quite big . 
  accommodations are constantly made . 
  `` scrap this , scrap that , do this '' but it is never followed by deeper integration . 
  i agree that the cap is a shame , protected by french presidents for electoral reasons ( you may have a good window now : hollande relies less on the rural votes than chirac or sarkozy did ) but this is a criticism that can taken from a partner , not from someone who just has one foot in the door . 
  these criticism look like excuses more than real reasons . 
  for heaven 's sake , switzerland signed more eu treaties than you did !, 
  and they are xenophobic and not members of eu !, 
  there are several points to consider here . 
  nato , the transition from a complete national army to a specialized one , and the structure of command . 
  most european states are already part of a transnational army : nato . 
  its supreme command is american , it is an alliance of several national armies . 
  each participating country , iirc , accepts in advance to engage a certain amount of military means in any operation deemed necessary by the supreme command . 
  in exchange , nato ensures to defend any member with all its means in case of attacks . 
  therefore , is it possible to make a eu army while still staying in the nato ? 
  it imposes a few constraints : eu army wo n't be able to oppose nato in any operation ( but could choose to act in case nato decides to stay neutral , and vice-versa ) . 
  it also causes the problem that if a member participates both in a nato operation and a eu operation , there may be a conflict of resources . 
  if you have a single aircraft carrier , you will have to choose where to allocate it . 
  this may be incompatible with nato membership . 
  why is it a big deal to leave nato ? 
  because small countries with little national armies currently rely on it to defend against mammoths like russia . 
  see what happened to georgia for an example of what estonia may fear . 
  if it leaves nato , it will need immediately a trustworthy alliance of a similar strength . 
  and eu has shown to be far less reactive than us for instance on several issues .
