  germany military budget : 49 bn $ french military budget : 61 bn $ russian military budget : 88 bn $, 
  making diplomatic ammo for the tafta/ttip negotiation . 
  well it ** is ** something , and a nice change from just shrugging off saying that this kind of things is unavoidable . 
  i wish he would find a way to apply for france . 
  he would probably get it ( justice is totally independent from the executive powers for asylum decisions ) but the executive power can prevent him from making the demande . 
  pretty fucked up situation , but i smell a possible hack somehow ... 
  i blame cheese . 
  you know , more than 1000 violent deaths every year while trying to enter is not exactly something that should be kept silent . 
  for one extremist , you have 10 people fleeing from extremism . 
  you want a political solution in the country of their origin ? 
  then we have to let them use our ground as a base to build it . 
  are you aware that you are living in a reality where thousands die every year trying to enter into europe ? 
  that 's one wtc about every two years or every year depending on your source for the numbers . 
  which is exactly what they are doing with their detailed reports and the thousands of hours of work they do to gather credible and precise information so that countries can act on real data instead of gut feelings . 
  and , unsurprisingly , there is now a debate to strengthen anti-terrorist law , with a totally ridiculous proposition to give to an administrative authority the power to forbid a french citizen to leave france . 
  oh , and also to redefine a conspiracy as something you can do alone and to allow internet filtering of calls to jihad . 
  and the idea of blowing up the eiffel tower is totally ridiculous when you have even basic notion of structural resistance . 
  til i learn that any military operation can accurately be called `` terrorism '', 
  terrorist use terror to influence policies , typically in a time of peace . 
  in ukraine this is more of an insurgent situation . 
  i know that the bush years made `` terrorist '' sound just like `` armed enemy of the west '' but words have meanings . 
  it would be good if we could stick to them instead of constantly shifting them around . 
  it is like saying antibiotics are useless because they do not stop viruses . 
  unfortunately these documents are from 1992 and were known by the kgb to have been stolen . 
  i think most of their information will be outdated . 
   the documents have been held in secret since vasili mitrokhin , a former kgb official-turned-dissident , snuck them out of the collapsed soviet union in 1992 . 
  well , for one thing the us refused to help catch him , and did not deny that he was working for them . 
  i think you did not get the full story   german intelligence officials posing as russians tried to entice the man to a meeting , but he refused . 
  the germans then requested american help tracing the sender of the email , but they got not reply . 
  in the meantime , german intelligence successfully identified the man . 
   convinced they were hunting down a russian agent , they were astonished when he confessed he to spying for the americans . 
  this gives me great hope for the future of political debates . 
  the world has been missing a big , true , high-profile liar . 
  this is a role that needs to be fulfilled . 
  putin lies and makes no excuses about it . 
  he sets the bar pretty high for future bush wannabes . 
  i think that 's why os and bios are really prefered targets as long as they are possible . 
  i see , yes there are many firmwares in a modern laptop . 
  this one would make a great keylogger but another target is also any firmware that may have access to the ram . 
  it is a common excuse and i think it is dishonest . 
  secret negotiations does not prevent lobbyism . 
  quite the contrary , it allows it to be hidden . 
  i mean one of the thing that was apparent in the leaks that were commented in france was that the french media lobby was pushing a lot to include the `` exception culturelle '' in these negociation . 
  the only `` lobby '' that is barred from having an influence there is the public opinion , which is the only legitimate lobby that there is . 
  i do think that it is to prevent opposition and criticism , but go ahead if you have a more legitimate reason . 
  playing is one thing , winning is another one altogether . 
  now , if you put cyborgs into play ... 
   so it 's going to be an ancient nokia and paper for me . 
  sounds good . 
  you can also put a stash of encrypted files somewhere to download if you need it . 
  prepared to have your devices confiscated . 
  nowadays most are cheap anyway , so have put online all you need to reconstruct everything quickly . 
  there are proven bios attacks , and a nsa `` catalog '' has been leaked with hardware loggers that fit in an ethernet connector . 
  someone demonstrated ( though we have no proof nsa did ever implement that ) that the firmware of harddrives could easily be compromised . 
  i am too worried about hardware backdoors in ics , but there are still so many software holes to close that i am confident that nsa did n't have to resort to that yet ( on laptops , iirc , they already did on routers and missiles ) . 
  the chinese on the other hand ... 
  as long as it is humans who win it , i 'll be happy . 
  i think we have to enjoy the last decade where this is even remotely possible . 
  the `` good '' thing and the thing the ttip negotiators do n't understand is that making this negotiation secret makes it totally legitimate to be hysterically paranoid about what might be inside . 
  you keep it secret ? 
  that 's because you know it would be a hard sell . 
  whatever is in ( and that will be released like one week before the vote so that no one has the time to read it correctly ) is now irrelevant . 
  you failed to defend the reason why it was necessary and you obviously try to hide things . 
  i 'm against . 
  maybe that 's dumb from my part and against my interests but be upfront , show that you believe in democracy , and we will talk again . 
  transparency should be the default . 
  opacity should require a judgement to be allowed . 
  it was the supra-luminic neutrino you are thinking about and yes , they are unrelated . 
  you mean the god particle . 
  * starts to run very quickly *, 
  france now has the historical low ( since 1940 ) in the interest rates at which it can loan money and somehow austerity is still presented as the first priority . 
  i just do n't understand what is the reasoning there . 
  i am totally ok with not treating military contracts like potatoes trading . 
  if there is a change in the military relationship between two countries , it is fair to revisit the military contracts . 
  see it that way : do you think you have another way to remove two modern ships from the russian navy for $ 1.6 billions without causing wwiii ? 
  that is what is offered here and i think it would be a great deal . 
  the president of the parliament bears very little power and the president of the commission slightly more , but both are pretty powerless figures . 
  i know that eu politics are confusing as hell , but juncker will be the president of the eu commission and schulz president of the eu parliament . 
  they both were elected . 
  i wonder if schulz benefited from the controversy around juncker 's designation . 
  409/612 votes means sounds more than the parties he represents . 
  he is supposed to be left-wing but i wonder if there was a kind of `` we supported right-wing juncker for the commission in the sake of democracy so do n't be jackals and support schulz on the parliament . '', 
  i think the word you are looking for is `` custody '' . 
   its not picking on poor france here . 
  hsbc and bnp were breaking the law . 
  i totally agree . 
  bnp recognized the facts and seems somewhat surprised that us started to consider that there are laws that banks are not allowed to break . 
  chiche . 
  war is when two peoples ' hate meet two elites ' interest . 
  has such a period of peace ever been achieved around such a big territory in europe since the roman empire ? 
   # 3 ) you can not see color border between south and north korea , why ? 
  that 's actually pretty interesting . 
  the ( relatively ) low density of both koreas makes me wonder if they could not be the work of a single group , working from satellite images . 
  i would have expected more mappers in s.korea . 
  seoul 's density is on par with rural japan . 
  the goal is not to replace the sense of collective identity with just a sport team but to channel its more violent expression . 
  nations want to challenge each other , better do that in a stadium than on a battlefield . 
  it is only tyranny if this is not the will of the people . 
  iceland is the oldest european democracy . 
  i would be surprised if this law does not change soon .
