  it has never failed before ... 
  well , you would n't use a sixty-year old rifle , would you ? 
  [ er , wait ... ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/ak-47 ) i think when i 'll get tired that in it you have to relearn every tech ever year , i 'll just switch to being a weapon specialist . 
  it would be hosted somewhere in scandinavia . 
  can you spell surstr\u00f6mming ? 
  no , japanese specialty . 
  some kind of ** very ** smelly rotten beans . 
  that 's how my wife takes revenge when i leave some blue cheese in the fridge . 
  rocard is retired . 
  he does not need to appeal to the crowd for anything . 
  i do think that true or not , he truly believes that part . 
  iirc this specific poll was debatable as it could be that people did not understand the verb `` to orbit '' . 
  do the sun orbit the earth ? 
  if you do n't think about it you can get confused . 
  what is funny is that they did not get away with much . 
  when you look at it from a cynical point of view , what happened recently is that russia lost control of ukraine , and only managed to `` save '' crimea at a huge reputation cost . 
  in lyon , there is a district heating system . 
  people pay to be connected . 
  iirc it is per-building charge . 
  good that they take the role seriously again . 
  this al-quaeda thing was kinda getting old . 
  i can relate . 
  i hate [ nato ] ( http://www.bentobox.jp/wp-content/themes/gridline-theme/gridline/lib/scripts/timthumb.php?src=wp-content/uploads/2013/11/b01_006.jpg&amp;h=350&amp;w=680&amp;zc=1&amp;a=c ) too ... 
  next thing you will tell me about the conspiracy theory that russia has any kind of imperialist will ... 
  when you are rewarded for this kind of rhetoric and no one contradicts you , it is easy to never get out of the circlejerk . 
  i bet they do believe it . 
  it is called austerity and keynesianism denial . 
  states decided to run deficits during periods of growth and to stop doing that during the crisis while the opposite would have made sense . 
  us managed to agree on a big stimulus , but eu took a very long time to do even the smallest step toward a debt annulation for greece ( which can be seen , somehow , as a stimulus ) . 
  i am not sure i am representative of the french hippies , but here people who oppose the current globalization label themselves as `` alter-mondialist '' and do not ask to a return to a world of closed border but ask for things like making it equally easy ( or hard ) for goods , money or people to cross borders . 
  if you have the ability to make the salary of a person cross a border in one direction , the product of his job to cross in the other direction , but bar him from moving , you have a very different world than if all these things were done equally . 
  europe as it is today is designed to block immigration and to prevent protectionism . 
  that 's the opposite of what is necessary . 
  more to the point , is n't this the real european national meal ? 
  one friend once joked about that , but i think that it is a fact that this may be the most popular food that you are able to find in every european country . 
   in france the holy trinity of kebab is salade - tomate - oignon . 
  how creative ... 
  but we also have fried potatoes inside . 
  something most country persist on missing . 
  my first guess was `` is n't it rude to help the queen ? '', 
  i mean , i have read some conservative uk newspapers . 
  it made me feel that if the president of the regicide country touched the queen this would almost be a casus belli . 
  or guantanamo , there should be an internship there for any new president of the us as long as it exists . 
  mentioning churchill is indeed a cheap argument that serves to silence the people who think that `` he is french , therefore we should not listen to his argument '' is a correct line of reasoning . 
  i agree that appeal to an authority , especially one that is 70 years old is a bad argument . 
  if i recall correctly ( but i may be mistaken , i only have a very vague notion of the history of uk politics ) he was against the decolonization movement and wanted to keep a strong commonwealth . 
  would have been in office , he would possibly have led uk into a war against india and tried to strengthen monetary ties with commonwealth states . 
  would we have a canadian pound and australian pound by now ? 
  in such a world , staying out of eu made a lot of sense . 
  if churchill was the smart man we say he was , i suspect he would see eu as the broken institution that it is and ponder how to best use it for uk 's interests . 
  i could see him doing what de gaulle feared uk would do and what rocard says has been happening : joining it in order to give uk a higher ground compared to its european competitors . 
  thanks !, 
  from what you say , i should really have used disregard i think : considering a thing to be too much lower than you to obey its rules or to have any concern about it . 
  the opposite of respect . 
  well churchill was a 1946 person , he also would have changed probably to the point of being irrelevant in 2014 . 
  however , i think that the main point about europe union that he put forward remains : union is necessary for peace to happen . 
  peace wo n't be durable with just an economic union , so it needs to be deeper , and uk does n't want to be part of that . 
  it already has enough of a hard time to make enough compromises in order to keep the kingdoms united , to say nothing of the commonwealth . 
  oh , you ... you have never stopped being perfide and do n't you know it . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ , kinky ^ ^ ^ ^ neighbor we just refrain from calling you that way when we are in a time of diplomatically constrained politeness . 
  after all , elegance is supposed to be british and politeness to be french . 
  it has never stopped you from being perfide or us from being arrogant . 
  or either of us from thinking that of each other ;-), 
  thanks for your explanations . 
  would you care to enlighten me on the differences between contempt and defiance ? 
  actually , `` d\u00e9fiance '' is also a word in french which meaning is pretty far from `` m\u00e9pris '' , so i think it has a totally different meaning than its english counterpart . 
  `` disregard '' is probably the word i should have used but i thought it was synonymous to `` contempt '' . 
  i thought one disregards things ( like laws or rules ) and show contempt to people . 
  it was impossible to change anything without having to retire from it first and then re-draft something with everyone . 
  that would have happened at one point , i am just glad that we skipped this step . 
  and yes , do n't call it a constitution if it is not supposed to be a constitution . 
  i still want a constitution for europe , but write a good one , godamnit !, 
  this is the war nerd 's tone : he takes the side of `` warriors '' of every side and hopes for a bloody war . 
  i like his articles but i have yet to decide whether or not the author really think that way or is playing a role . 
  i agree with the rest of his realpolitik analysis : putin wanted crimea , and he put the international community before a `` fait accompli '' . 
  he then stirred up some troubles here and there , he gave hints that he may retake ukraine by force just so that he can offer a diplomatic chip in exchange for the recognition of crimea . 
  to change anything to the european constitution it required a unanimous vote of all states . 
  and it was 200 pages long . 
  that was a recipe for disaster . 
  what is more appalling , and why despite some respect for rocard i feel that the whole political class has been accomplice of this , is that politicians acted like they did not know about that or did not care . 
  requiring unanimity to take decisions is an incredibly obvious way to make sure no decisions are taken . 
  extending the number of members is an obvious way to make this even more dysfunctional . 
  i am not even into european politics but when i was asked to vote on the eu constitution , as a young student , i saw clearly this flaw . 
  so what do you believe is over 1.4 in the current economy ? 
    and reffering to uk as england , like some baffled tourist  that 's common in french , and does n't really have any intent . 
  i wish we used `` perfide albion '' a bit more often , personally , 
   the original poster wrote `` the english check '' which is an americanism for `` the english cheque '' which is a direct translation for `` le ch\u00e8que anglais '' which ought to be translated as `` the uk rebate '' . 
  corrected , thanks !, 
  i was unsure of that part . 
  political determinism sounds to me a lot like the general equilibrium theory in economics . 
  `` give a market enough time and it will find the true and only right state '' . 
  it sounds a lot like the no true scotsman fallacy : you can never recognize the stable state , you can only say `` ho ? 
  it changed ? 
  then it was not the long term stable state or it was a temporary push and we will go back . '', 
  of course you can be against a federal europe . 
  if you consider that the national interest is the uttermost priority and that you ca n't negotiate any suspension of sovereignty , you are against everything that a federal europe stands for . 
  it is easy to dismiss 60 years of integration effort as an underlying and deterministic force of history , but i think it is as misleading as saying that flying is the natural state of an airplane and therefore you do n't need to take care of it , it will eventually fly . 
   there needs to be parity in quality of life and wages , in the quality of social services and education , agreed . 
   and the measures needed ca n't come without massive sacrifices from countries like denmark who will probably have to pay the price . 
  disagree .
