  ( believe it or not , the other way around is much easier . 
  japan may have some xenophobia but they do not disguise it as a convoluted and opaque immigration process like we do in france ), 
  actually , i was very proud that we managed to condemn chirac , and would be proud if we manage to condemn sarkozy . 
  it would prove that our justice system is working quite independently from the political power . 
  technically wrong . 
  the russian assets that were confiscated ( this is the word , i wish more journalists used it ) were officially assets of cypriot residents . 
  we suspect that this is actually a tax evasion scheme , but moscow should not mind that it will become harder to evade capital . 
  should it ? 
  the money may not be from dirty sources , but any russian money that was confiscated was either : * participating in a tax evasion scheme * legitimately owned by someone with cypriot ties , in which case it is respectful of sovereignty that the cyprus government creates a new national tax, 
  i always wondered why income is a part of this . 
  this is supposed to be an information coming in supplement to the gdp per capita , but incorporating it inside taints this metric . 
  i once tried to remove gdp per capita from the hdi , leaving only health and education as measures but people seeing how much cuba gained compared to us ended up in people calling this a communist metrics . 
  i dare not think what they would have said if i had gone with my original idea : actually divide this index by the individual gdp to have a measure of how `` humanely '' , countries choose to invest their wealth ... 
  and ? 
  i am merely pointing out that the people who made it impossible for gays to accept anything else than marriage is the catholic crowd . 
  if your dad is atheist , it should n't be a problem for him to be opposed to them . 
  and if your dad has a little political sense , he would see that while less than ideal , accepting that gays can marry is probably better than alternatives . 
  actually , i kind of agree with him : i wish marriage was a thing only happening in religious ceremonies . 
  the state should only offer solidarity/relationship contracts . 
  call it `` pacs '' , `` form-23gh '' or `` archon merging '' , i do n't care . 
  this is just a word . 
  well , like always , the reason is political . 
  the former right-wing party , the ump , is really losing steam since sarkozy 's defeat and the very pathetic fight that the two contenders to his succession had . 
  the opposition to the gay marriage is a way for them to cement again . 
  they do n't rally want , or know how to , attack the government on several issues . 
  in many ways , hollande is having a right-leaning policy on a lot of things . 
  so , gay bashing is becoming the rallying cry of the ump , which * needs * it . 
  they are more and more becoming like us republicans , using religion as their main cement . 
  about the freedom of speech , well , the official version is simple : the protest went to a street where it was not allowed , forcing policemen blockage . 
  this was apparently done by far-right-wing groups that engages in fights with the police . 
  this usually triggers a tear-gas retort and the dispersion of the whole protest , and of peaceful protesters receiving tear gas too . 
  this is nothing exceptional and i can only be happy that a former minister experienced first hand what has been the usual practice for at least 15 years . 
  ( christine boutin , a former minister during sarkozy 's administration was in the protest and it apparently is a scandal that she breathed teargas , duh ) the police is * always * considered heavy-handed in france when confronting protests . 
  what i can say is that it is quite ironical to see the people who were in government one year ago accusing the police today and the justice yesterday to be the political tools of the government . 
  hey guys , this is the police and justice you managed for 12 years , i really hope you did not turn it in what you call it today . 
  well , you know what ? 
  in france we had a debate on same-sex couples a bit more than 10 years ago , and people agreed that they should have similar rights but that calling that marriage was a bit far-fetched . 
  so the pacs was done , the `` civilian pact '' . 
  allows you to make contracts together , does not presume you have sex together , does not have any gender requirements . 
  what happened ? 
  catholics torpedoed it , removed almost everything from this text . 
  it is true that gays do not need marriage , they just need the rights that come with it . 
  but they have been lied one time over this , so now they ask for `` marriage '' , for the exact same deal , not some renamed new gimmick with uncertain rights attached to it . 
  if your dad is unhappy about this , let him be unhappy about the religious lobby that prevented the pacs from being a real marriage-like contract . 
  because we let bankers have that much power in eu . 
  the measure they are taking right now uses necessity as an excuse but has no kind of legitimacy . 
  if you meant 30 years , yes , it matters : it makes 2 years of work . 
  i am not saying this is a good thing , but that it wo n't put people in the streets ( except , possibly , for rioting , which i would personally recommend ), 
  it removed from 6.7 to 9.9 % of accounts . 
  still an angrying outcome , but not one that will put retired peoples out of their homes . 
  people have often taken for anti-muslim what was essentially a secular votation . 
  i think that if it were not such an ingrained habit through centuries , putting bells inside churchs would not be accepted either . 
  the minaret thing was a total non-issue . 
  i would have voted for an interdiction , and would also vote for an interdiction against the crosses that are put on every single mountain around here . 
  care to expand on that ? 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  this is my point : people present the fact of being able to present a speech in ( for example ) finnish as a right , i am arguing that this is conflicting with my right to go check the original version in a language i understand . 
  right now , eu considers the right of the speaker to be superior to the right of the listener , but i am arguing this is arbitrary . 
  yes . 
  but note that in several eu countries , english is part of the mandatory classes . 
  most people already should know english in many eu countries . 
  `` original '' is the keyword here . 
  i do n't want to read a translation , i want to read the original text . 
  not as a native language , but as a second language , yes . 
  in my country it is part of the common mandatory classes . 
  people who are 30 or less have absolutely no excuse in france for not being able to speak english . 
  to make it welcome , try to doublespeak : every language in europe gets to be an official language , but let 's create a new notion , maybe `` reference language '' , as is common in matter of contracts between two countries . 
  well following criminals , offering children in a mobile family a continuous education , letting them receive social security checks ... all these require to be able to follow these people , and bureaucrats can help ( inefficiently , i am not debating that ), 
  golden dawn pretends to do it as a reference to sparta . 
  and they pretend that their logo is an old greek pattern . 
  both claims are * technically * right , but , well ... 
  the main problem here is the mobility of people . 
  it is sad to say but even in 2013 , most administrations are unable to follow someone who changes adresses every 3 months . 
  put a votation system inspired by the swiss system : 1 % of the population signing a petition implies a eu-wide referendum . 
  a ` yes ' at the referendum makes it a new law . 
  be a democracy . 
  in 2013 , representative democracy is not enough anymore . 
  and by making this silly point , he shows to the eu that there is no hope to propose a single language to the eu ever . 
  this was a silly thing to put in a treaty , this is the opposite of what is needed for the eu and it was silly to believe it would work flawlessly . 
  if the first concerned can not recognize it , they really are the opponent of progress . 
  and i say that bitterly , knowing that my own country is probably one of the fiercest opponent to making english the official language of the eu . 
  this fancy technology is called `` learning english '' . 
  it is not as widespread as the use of a cell phone but possibly more frequent than the use of a smartphone . 
  it allows people from all over the world to communicate . 
  it is quite awesome . 
  true , but in one of the worst possible way if it is not spent on anything productive . 
  if all eu mp can speak english fluently , this is as useful for the gdp as paying for a 2500 people orgy at every eu parliament session . 
  actually , if you were to pay prostitutes with this money , assuming that prostitutes on average earn less than translators , it would probably have a higher keynesian multiplier and therefore would be more beneficial to the gdp . 
  2500 people require offices , accommodation for wherever they are needed , probably assistants ... 
  the costs can go up quite quickly . 
  loads ? 
  on a population of 400,000 native speakers , how many translators can there be ? 
  the good question is just `` why should there be a translator for a french , german , spanish etc ? '', 
  make everyone speak english , give me the ability to read and listen to the original speeches of everyone . 
  and to your question , do you want a serious answer ? 
  there are many possible ones : - the maltese-speaking population is indeed quite small . 
  so by this metric , yes , it is `` inferior '' as in `` less able to reach a large part of the audience '' . 
  french , german , spanish , in this context and with this metric were superior . 
  none of them beat english . 
  - french and german are the official language of several different eu countries .
