  this is an answer to the comment  the conspiracy is strong with this one . 
   but in order to get something done in the eu you need partners , and they offered you partnership no , they offered us troops at our borders , it 's different . 
  look up at austria and his brennero troops . 
  something must be done within eu parliament , it 's not an agreement between two countries this one . 
  i 'm not saying we 're not going to do what they want to do , but it 's something that all of eu countries must accept ( even us ) and agree completely . 
  treating smugglers as criminals would 've been one of the best decisions at g20 but russia and china decided to stop that , the best decision would 've been to not attack motherfucking gheddafi , but france , uk and usa decided to do that anyway , so honestly we got fucked by everyone around us , do n't complain with us if we 're in difficulty right now . 
   money and personnel have been offered . 
  talks have been initiated . 
  yet everything was rejected . 
  why ? 
  because shut up , easterpoor , you do n't get to say no to us . 
  because if we would do it we would be sanctioned and back to step one as always , in addition to that probably there are also interests of mafia mixed up with our politics , which is interested in keeping the situation as it is . 
  something real must be approved , not quack words . 
  the only way to let it stop is to put down something that says `` ok , italy you 're going to do this as per the ue laws '' . 
  i do n't know either honestly , someone with more knowledge regarding ue should do it , anyway for what i know myself if a ship is in difficulty you have to help it , so they would help them because of international treaties , just use the same tactic that people that bring in migrants use . 
  v4 should put more pressure on the people that really have decisional power regarding this matter , and believe me it 's not italy , it 's germany and france ( and the latter , for what concerns me , can entirely burn with its politicians ) . 
  but populism is rising also here , you 'll have your problem solved in the worst possible way . 
  because austria , poland , hungary , czechia , etc. 
  are not the entire ue , not even the more powerful countries of the ue , simple as that . 
  and they did n't offer help , they told italy what to do and do it , like we 're their lapdogs . 
  yes , i know , i 'm not ignorant in geography , but they can still go from there , ngos ships use flags of all nationalities , so you could guess that , at least in theory , they come from that country . 
  poland has ports , it will be of course longer , but not impossible to have ships coming from there . 
  in addition to that i do n't know the rules regarding polish ships coming in a ue country port , but i would guess that they can use those ports if needed . 
  the point is that there is no proof of people going to libya ports and ferry them to italy , all of the rescues at the moment , for what we know , are done in international waters , that means that when they 're in international waters they have to be rescued to the nearest safe place , and libya is not a safe place . 
  now , if you personally have proofs there is people that will be more than happy to have those proofs and put whoever do it in jail , since it 's illegal . 
  that 's clearly because we ourselves have not a solution in our hand , in every direction we move we create problems with someone , that 's why italian leaders are saying that ue should decide something quickly . 
  italy was a shithole because of people like you , next time we 'll not just stop at mussolini , be assured . 
  because cee countries are actually not saying or doing anything useful . 
  if they really want to do something then deploy ships and do a blockade of libya , stop telling it to us and do it yourself and see how it goes . 
  it 's international waters , cee countries can do it . 
  no , i 'm talking about v4 leaders of course . 
  they 're just riding the fact that the migrants are coming in , but they do n't want the migrants to really stop coming in because otherwise populist parties will never be elected . 
  see how much the request and the votes for populist parties went up with the migrant crisis , guess who is not interested in letting that votes go away . 
  actually it is since there are signed pacts that do n't let us close our borders or turn them back to libya ... 
  someone that finally understands it . 
  unless france and expecially germany decides something serious , italy wo n't care of what austria , hungary or whoever else says . 
  yes you did, 
  the quotas are still there though , and you accepted those quotas, 
  they can go from poland , albania , croatia , slovenia , greece , they do n't need italy . 
  in addition to that , no one ever told no to their boats coming in our ports . 
  they just do n't want to do jack shit and they will not do jack shit , all they are doing is fueling propaganda for their parties . 
  because they want to go in europe and if they come from there they ca n't be turned back for this exact reason , and because the local government has n't got the military power to stop the smugglers since libya is at war . 
  we 're experiencing it too , and for sure the people coming in italy were not prepared people most of the time . 
  ees most of the time were low wage workers . 
  they said the same when we imported millions of ee we should have just blocked you in your countries then , 
   spiteful ungrateful ftfy, 
  define left and define right then . 
  because that 's the only way to be sure . 
  at all effects right wing defends the interests of companies , so they 're interested in importing cheap labour . 
  left wing , the extreme part , is against immigration because it devalues the local workers . 
  the point is that left wing also prioritize the human rights and is against breaking international pacts and treaties , since it does n't want to cause diplomacy incidents , so you ca n't just say `` ok , let 's shoot those fucking guys down and let them drown in the sea '' , all left wing parties in italy want to manage the flux , the point is that shooting down people or closing ports is n't going to solve the problem in a humane way nor without creating a diplomacy incident with the states that agreed to the dublin treaties . 
  as i said , the first guys that wanted mass immigration in italy were not the left wing parties , they 're just rolling with it because of the implications of stopping them right away . 
  oh , here we call it `` rom '' or `` roma '' , so we do n't get confused with romanians , when i say romanians i do n't mean gypsies , they 're a completely different beast itself . 
   if you are pro mass immigration , you can not be right . 
  yes you can , but you just do n't say it to the people that is going to elect you . 
  the first one that wanted mass immigrations ( from balcans at the time ) was silvio , which for sure was n't left wing , and the first one putting down ships for blockading ships from albania was prodi , which was center-left . 
  basically the left wing , and i mean the extreme left wing , did n't want mass immigration exactly like right wing did n't want it , for different reasons , but both of them did n't want it . 
  how should i know ? 
  they come from romania , they are romanian for what concerns me , i do n't think you do any difference between african immigrants . 
  it 's around a million ( a little more ) if you count all of the immigrants that arrived in the last years . 
  and they 're not all africans , since a lot of them arrives from bangladesh too . 
  i do n't have datas in my hand , but i saw much more ee immigrants in my life , i would say that `` a few thousand '' is completely off as a number . 
  i searched for data regarding ee immigrants , here it is : https://www.balcanicaucaso.org/tutte-le-notizie/est-europei-d-italia-78843 it 's in italian but you can see how many immigrants we had since it 's all numbers in the table , romanians alone were 796000 ... ee immigrants in 2009 composed half of the immigrants we had ( 46 % ) . 
  and in all of this i 'm not fucking complaining about immigrants , i 'm fucking complaining that ee were immigrants themselves not much more than 10-20 years ago and they ca n't take a few themselves . 
  there are also people that do n't support him , but they do n't live enough to be relevant . 
  think about the mafia in your fucking island before thinking about immigrants . 
  european union should just solve its internal problems and understand that we have all a common enemy ... the russian propaganda is too strong though . 
  i never said that not valuing our citizens is humane . 
  you can value your citizens and not shoot down ships , but since you do n't know jack shit about italy you really ca n't understand what the real problems are in italy right now . 
  maybe telling you that the median time for a process in a normal state is 600 days while in italy the standard time is 2800 days can give you an hint on why right now we 're fucked up . 
  the country is literally in the hands of criminal organizations , able to hide themselves in the middle of government , all in all we never got rid of mafia . 
   my own personal opinion is that the navy should sink detritus without identifying any people on board . 
  a few sunk boats would deter the majority of people . 
  your own personal opinion , luckily , does n't count in ue parliament since it 's kinda inhuman . 
  but you 're free to go and sink them yourself , tell me how it goes . 
  tell it to the rest of europe , not everyone seems to agree with austria , hungary and generally the eastern countries . 
  i think that if everyone says `` stop bringing them in otherwise you 'll get sanctioned '' we 'll stop it right away . 
  i do n't make it equal , but you guys in the '90s were really not that different from the africans in terms of how we viewed you . 
  maybe you polish were viewed better , but romanians for example was viewed more or less the same . 
  it sounds so easy , shoot them down !, 
  like we should do with migrants !, 
  if it was this easy and feasibile it would 've been done already i think . 
  the artificial cyclone is a more sensed proposal honestly . 
  the strait of gibraltar is n't a problem , it 's not that big of a flux in respect of the central mediterranean flux and sadly there is a problem with the self-rules that ue imposed to themselves . 
  the biggest one is that if there is a boat in peril you have to escort it to the nearest safe place , and libya is not considered a safe place , in addition to not being a safe place there is also the fact that those are libian waters and so that would probably cause a diplomatic incident . 
  really , if it was this easy why do you think some nation like france or uk or whoever it is for them would not do it ? 
  basically they are gaining power by an italian crisis and mafia is helping them too ( because mafia just does n't give a shit and it is completely inside the italian government , like a tumor , they 're just interested in money ) , all of this was caused by france which wanted the petrol of libya , for which we italians had pacts with gheddafi . 
  so actually it should be france doing something serious instead of italy , but given another year ( at best ) in this situation and it will be italy doing his move and no one will like it . 
  so you 're saying `` let 's create an artificial constant cyclone in the middle of the mediterranean sea '' ? 
   but still i dont see how the problem of italy accepting ngos to their ports means poland , croatia ... have to take them in because : - we 're in ue , all of us , and this is a ue problem that we italians did n't have until ue states ( france and uk ) decided it was a good idea to attack libya for their personal gains ( and it 's better if french people do n't come near italy anytime soon , they 're going to be chewed , literally ) - when it was time we accepted also eastern european workers and immigrants , reluctantly , but we did . 
  and then the ue helped and is actually helping the economies of eastern europe , taking in a few people is n't going to destroy your economies or your states - most importantly : we as italians ca n't do much about our leadership until we vote them out and , most of all , we are not going against any of ue rules , in fact we got this problem because we 're respecting them ( strangely so but it seems like we respect international laws more than national ones ) , sending them back to libya got us sanctioned already . 
  basically we helped you when it was time , we just expect some help back when we 're having problems , either that or we 're just going to remember about it and it will not be funny for both of us . 
  addendum : i 'm not talking of this case in particular , i 'm talking in general . 
   the `` no global '' are a bunch of bourgeoisie degenerates who act as if they belong to the working class . 
   they have never been in favor of halting mass-immigration , actually they are the most pro-immigration people you can find . 
  false , no globals were from left and right and both had reasons to stop mass-immigration , the right wing no globals were completely in favour of halting mass-immigration because of the cultural identity stuff , the left wing no globals wanted to halt mass-immigration because it would have devalued the work of the proletarian class of the nations that were subjected to mass-immigration . 
  so both currents , left and right no globals , were against mass-immigration  they believe they are fighting globalization and the evil capitalist system while contemporarily being in favor of letting europe be flooded by hordes of immigrants . 
  false , no globals are not no borders , they are completely different movements  they are too dumb to acknowledge that cultural globalization is inherently linked with economic globalization . 
  no shit bro . 
  luckily there is a genius like you telling me about it .
