  basically the uniformation of the geographical names of places is n't bad itself , it 's just useful and practical , logical , what was bad is how it was implemented , i am completely against fascists and it has been and still is a shame for our country that people like that exists , but that is something separated from the practical stuff , you can have your history like every region , and defend it , but in no way it should exclude that you 're italian . 
  i 'm venetian , i 'm italian , i 'm european . 
  all of this statements can be true together . 
  and yet you have the trade advantages that italy get you as a state . 
  and every single italian region would like to keep 90 % of their taxes , but that 's not how it works , either we 're all equals or we 're not . 
  i assure you that veneto , toscana , lombardia would be more than happy to keep 90 % of their taxes . 
  i mean ... just visit detroit or flint sometime . 
  look what happens at the guys that have too much sun !, 
  it 's a trap , i tell you !, 
  you know it clearly , tell me how well it went for us that you bombed middle east . 
  and tell me also how your middle class is doing in respect of 30-40 years ago . 
  oh , and also tell us how it was good for us that you kept supporting mafia and fascists after the second world war because you were too scared of countries turning communists . 
   so because we are , presumably , more educated makes people with different views than us `` simple '' ? 
  there is no need to condescend here , and call people stupid or simple just because they prefer a style of leadership different to yours . 
  being a `` strong man '' or prefering strong men as your leaders makes you neither evil nor stupid . 
  it makes you stupid if that let you think that guys like putin is going to defend your rights and your freedom . 
   winning at something is not inherently violent and it does n't instantly equate `` supression of enemies '' . 
  should i not enjoy sports either then , because they are `` violent '' ? 
  again , nothing wrong with strength and virility either . 
  i was saying that imposing and subjugating others with violence are all tied to the myth of the strong man , i did not say that a strong man is always violent , i 'm saying that the simplest definition of it and the more direct one is that one . 
   no , it is not . 
  it is you who are projecting these values to the figure of the `` strong men '' . 
  a strong leader does not need to be violent . 
  and yet they want a violent `` strong man '' , otherwise they would not ask for people like trump , putin or assad , they would ask for people like trudeau if they wanted a strong man which is not violent for example . 
   maybe in severely underdeveloped countries ruled by outright warlords ? 
  what ? 
  we were talking about the mentality of the people that want `` strong men '' as their leaders , right now the request for that is in countries like italy , usa , russia and so on , you can consider those countries underdeveloped honestly , but i do n't . 
  yeah , if maybe you guys could stop also going against us in libya that would be nice too ... 
  are you talking about the [ mother of dragons ] ( http://imgur.com/cfielni ) ? 
  fuck that , the return of the mummy , i do n't want to see it . 
  the first episode was already bad enough . 
  sadly so . 
  his party is one of the biggest if not the biggest one right now in italy ... 
   why is being a strong man associated with evil and destruction ? 
  because for the simple men these are signs of strength and virility , suppressing their enemies with violence and subjugating them and impose them your laws are things that are all tied to the figure of a strong man . 
  a strong man , in their head , is someone that can impose his ideas and his needs on others , does n't matter how . 
  it 's an `` end justify the means '' mentality . 
  i normally do n't wish death or illness to anyone . 
  so i wish for ukraine soldiers to have good vision , a good aim and always stay healthy . 
  honestly ? 
  yeah , i prefer to still being able to consider myself an empathetic human being . 
  oh , but tell me how well people in the us are doing since you 're perfect in your politics , with a life estimate of 5-10 years less than europe because you ca n't afford the healthcare . 
  i 'm more than happy to being born european and i 'm more than happy of being born with compassion for people less lucky than me . 
  yeah , they 're usually fascists . 
  `` i 've run away from the special surveillance and i 'll receive a sentence for evasion too . 
  in italy i have still a good amount of years to serve , even for invented facts , since in our country the justice is politicized and piloted '' another one : http://www.occhidellaguerra.it/in-trincea-con-gli-italiani-di-putin/ here the interviewed guy says :  `` ogni volta che sparo a un soldato ucraino -- ci ha detto cavalleri , calcando ogni singola parola nel suo inconfondibile accento lombardo - , immagino i colpire uno dei nostri politici di bruxelles '' . 
  translated : `` every time that i shoot an ucranian soldier - cavalleri said , marking every single word with his lombard accent - i imagine to hit one of our politicians in bruxelles '' and so on and so for , if you look at the political affiliation of the italian fighters in donbas , they 're almost always affiliated with casa pound , lega nord , or stuff like that , and the real problem is that because of the migrant crisis these parties are getting more and more traction inside of italy . 
  so yeah , those foreign fighters here in italy are criminals , by law in italy you ca n't join and fight in a foreign country army , and yet they do it . 
  he is n't fixed on a political spectrum though , since he drew many things , he also drew obama and hillary for example . 
  he is famous for doing a lot of different stuff , putin is just one of the many that he already did : http://www.dariogambarin.com/landart.htm https://www.google.it/search?q=dario+gambarin&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=lnms&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjdxtwfjfluahucuhokhx6ndnyq_auicigb&amp;biw=2492&amp;bih=1321&amp;dpr=2#imgrc=_ as you can see there is also obama , hillary clinton , fidel , mandela , jesus and so on and so for . 
  i do n't really know if he 's interested in particular politics or if he supports one candidate or the other , i think he 's just drawing whatever he wants . 
   it did not prevent your country from being hitler 's ally though . 
  we also betrayed him when we could though , and we rebelled against fascists , sometimes political decisions do n't reflect public opinion . 
   well , i 'm not aware of all details but italy seems to be one of the biggest supporters of russia against my country . 
  italian politicians visit crimea by russia 's invitation , italians are one of the most active supporters of lifting sanctions against russia , and a bunch of italian mercenaries fight against ukraine in donbas . 
  it 's really sad so many italians support russia 's atrocities in ukraine only because they like strong men . 
  this is a shitty situation and it 's based on the fact that a lot of people in italy would like an iron fist in terms of justice ( you can understand the feeling if you think about mafia , corrupt politicians and everything else ) , and so they see putin as someone that is being respected and a just ruler which makes people respect law . 
  in addition to that many still thinks that fascists were the good guys . 
  the problem is that the current government is n't really that supporting when it comes with russia , it usually criticize putin , but two of the biggest political parties which will probably go in power in the next elections , are heavily pro-putin ( and pro-trump ) , so if you see that the situation is already bad right now , wait 2018 , at that point the situation maybe will get worse ... it all depends on eu and how it will respond to the migrant crisis . 
  let 's build an artificial intelligence that detects how much moderate someone is !, 
  yeah , i look back and i think that your solutions were the one that got us in this shitty situation . 
  so seriously , i 'm not going to accept any suggestions by someone that thinks it 's right to bomb other countries for the sake of their own economics . 
  the devil we should deal with are the people that start wars for the sake of money . 
  http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-court-of-human-rights-italy-sanctions-result-in-review-of-immigration-policy/ people talking out if his ass ... 
  l'ignoranza che t ` assale , cristo ... http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-court-of-human-rights-italy-sanctions-result-in-review-of-immigration-policy/, 
  yeah , us politics in middle east in the last 20-30 years summed up in 3 lines . 
  guess how terrorists are born you fuckwits . 
  well , bike lines here in italy are a tragedy because the roads are already too narrow if we have to let the cars pass too , i just hope that more historical centers get closed to cars honestly . 
  agreed !, 
  yeah , but at least your cities are built by thinking about cars as a standard method of going around the city , and the subways are easy to build since there is n't much underground ... rome has an hill full of amphorae : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monte_testaccio this is just to let you think how hard it is to build a subway under it , you excavate 1 meter and archeologists stop the works since they found something new ... something ancient i mean ... 
  not if your borders are all mountains like you guys have , or like we have in the north . 
  you basically have to close 2 roads and no one leaves or enters ... 
  in addition to that even if we want to secure our borders we ca n't , since it 's not our fault if europe sanction us if we send people back to libya , and letting people die in the sea is not something that i 'm so keen to accept as a suggestion . 
  speak to russians and tell them to stop funding the opposing faction of the un supported one in libya or talk to frenchs and tell them to stop killing random gheddafis around the globe and not taking responsabilities right after , we italians are just being decent human beings ... 
   help the recognized party to win the war and ask them to cede the required land . 
  tell that to those shitheads of russians . 
  right now we 're supporting the `` green ones '' on the map while russia is supporting the `` red ones '' , we 're taking accords with them to manage the migration crisis and we 're helping them , but it 's not enough clearly , they have also their hands full with a civil war , they do n't really have that much time to also think about the guys running through their country trying to escape africa . 
  there is n't one entity in libya that detains all of the power , to whom are you talking to to rent it ? 
  and why should they rent it ? 
  and what is going to happen if the rented territory get conquered by another party ? 
  and what if everyone says `` no '' ? 
  who guarantees that the rented land will be enough ? 
  what will happen when we stop paying the rent ? 
  it 's too easy to say `` rent a place in libya , let 's drop them there '' , it would be easier to just create a huge platform in the middle of the mediterranean sea and just drop them there , it would make probably more sense , really . 
  this is the actual situation of libya , and it changes continuosly : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libyan_civil_war_ ( 2014 % e2 % 80 % 93present ), 
  if i were a western european leader i would not have started a fucking war in libya and then complained about the refugees when they started coming . 
   then just stop playing ball with the euhrc ruling . 
  or just close your ports to the ferries . 
  but do n't just sit there and bitch about eu inaction . 
  force their hand !, 
  i hope something will happen , as i said it 's not easy but italians are becoming more and more agitated by the situation , either a drastic decision will be taken or the far-right movements will take power in italy in the next elections ( that should be in 2018 ) , and that will be a shitshow for everyone , we 're talking about people that supported farage , and european union is not helping , if eu countries will not answer before our next elections it will be a shitshow for them too , they 'll have another country on the brink of exiting europe for real . 
   and i doubt giving the migrants citizenship will solve anything . 
   it 'll probably just kill schengen inside of a week and you 'll be stuck with them for good . 
  that 's the idea , if europe wo n't answer to us asking for help when we really need it and when it 's because of them that we need help , we 're going to sabotage it , killing schengen would be a huge hit for everyone . 
  that 's what a lot of people said , but it 's basically doing harakiri out of protest , we 're going to destroy our future so that our future is n't going to be destroyed ? 
  it 's the entire country suicide if we leave eu , and everyone knows it , that 's why the threat will never be taken seriously . 
  it 's far more threatening saying `` ok , we 're going to give all of the immigrants the italian citizenship and let them roam europe , fuck you all guys , if we 're going down you 're going down with us '' , easier that way , and more practical . 
  addendum : if europe is in this situation it 's mostly because of france , first the colonialism and then the libya situation have been caused by their interests in those countries , if there is someone to blame for this shitty situation is those shitheads , which start wars and then let italy and greece take all of the backlash of the situation . 
  they should be the ones being fined . 
  we already did everything that you said years ago : http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-court-of-human-rights-italy-sanctions-result-in-review-of-immigration-policy/  the european court of human rights ( echr ) sanctioned italy for its policy of sending to libya african migrants who have approached italy by sea .
