  no , saying that you should shoot at the boats and let them die in the sea is . 
  the left wing parties , that are usually the `` less xenophobic '' ones , always said that just accepting immigrations is completely against the people and the low wage workers , but the low wage workers decided it was best to vote for people that wanted to import immigrants for their factories because those parties promised that they `` would reduce taxes '' . 
  now the left say that we should integrate them better because of course there will be problems in the future otherwise , but people want all the immigrants out and the right parties , which are the ones that in the first place imported them , are promising that ... so ... 
  i like istrians better honestly , south tyrolers make it seems like they 're in some sort of italian gaza war right now . 
  south tyrolers give us more, 
  yeah , what are you gon na do , surrender ? 
  ~ ~ natures ~ ~ france , usa and germany, 
  also lower class in first world countries got poorer , i do n't understand why people support capitalism so much , it 's not gon na work out for them , and still they support it, 
  thanks , 
  i think i just am personally more interested in estonia , i see it as an interesting culture and as a developing country that will have a bright future , and at the same time also an improvement to my actual position . 
  germany is the `` safe country '' , the country where i would go if i wanted to be more stable financially . 
  there i would probably get more money , but at the moment i am still kinda young and i have no girlfriend , so i 'm free to go to a less-safe country in terms of future , and more out of my comfort zone . 
  france i kinda have a personal grudge against what the country did in term of politics , so if i have to choose i would go to a country with which i 'm in line ideologically , let 's just say that in my opinion if italy is in this situation , if in italy the populists will go to power , it is france fault . 
  mostly due to the recent decision of bombing libya . 
  i basically am a jack of all trades , i started with an internship using actionscript 2 and developed stuff for some clients in html/css/php , but i already programmed in c++ and java at university . 
  then i went on with php for a year and a half , and then i started working in my actual company which moved me directly to python / django for a year and a half and then again i started developing apps related to the stuff that i worked on before both in java ( using android sdk ) and swift . 
  yup , i 'm undefined . 
  let 's say veneto , trentino and friuli all share the same coldness , south-tyrol and bormio are more like austria and switzerland since they 're at the border ( expecially south-tyrol ) , so they are even colder . 
  i went to both south-tyrol and bormio the last year and for example i did n't see any night-life there and when i was with my friends we basically stayed at home and played cards / boardgames and rested for the next-day trips , in veneto instead you have usually an active night life in the center of the cities and you can easily find a `` sagra '' ( in the summer ) , which are basically festivities dedicated to saints or food , or you have city centers which are nice to explore and are not full of people , like the one of padua , vicenza or verona . 
  in lombardy and piedmont if you get natives they 're also like that , but those are the regions with most immigrants from south of italy , so you have a mix of the two cultures and you 're less sure of who you 're going to meet , liguria and valle d'aosta i do n't know much about it . 
  yeah , the point is that we have no future . 
  a lot of people here are unemployed , and if they 're employed sometimes they go with salaries around 800 euros a month , some people even less , and it 's hard to go buy when a cheap room with other people in the house costs you 350-400 euros a month . 
  unless you luck out , you have connection or you 're really talented you 're not going to plan a future here in italy , you just ca n't . 
  i myself am thinking about moving to tallinn , estonia because probably i get a better pay there since i 'm a programmer , with a cost of life that is far cheaper . 
  stick to the north / north-east part of italy and you 'll get the colder ones , the nearer you go to the alps , the better . 
  they 're not bad mannered usually , just colder and keeps more to themselves . 
  the fact that you 're in a bad situation does n't mean we are n't . 
  we were one of the stronger countries in the '80s , everyone had jobs and houses , with a single salary you could keep up a family , and now we 're in this situation . 
  a lot of corruption and mafia , a bit of two countries fused in one ( north and south run on completely different levels ) and another bit of external forces ( like france/uk/usa with the attack to libya attack in 2011 ) . 
  no , it 's just that there is not the same amount of tourists . 
  it 's like me saying `` yeah , whatever , russians do n't create that much problems all in all '' to an ukrainian, 
  yes , those and the huge ships that get too near to the city . 
  because the city is going to be destroyed if you rely on that and because it 's , you know , a city , not an amusement park . 
  treat it like you would treat your home . 
  do n't piss outside of the proper places . 
  do n't leave trash around . 
  do n't do a lot of noise in the night , people sleeps . 
  do n't touch monuments or art in general , even if you can , look at them . 
  do n't throw yourself in the canals . 
  do n't get drunk or do drugs , you can do it in the bars/pubs in your city or in your own home . 
   by your standard of proof , is there proof that the sun rises ? 
  i do n't know what `` official proof '' is . 
  proof that can be used in tribunal  and to clarify , does that mean that you do n't believe that video , and do n't believe that ngos are travelling to the coast of libya ? 
  i have my doubts , since those ca n't be proof used in a tribunal , then there is a reason . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not happening , i 'm saying that before saying it with that security you should need more proof . 
   i think you 're right now . 
  i read the original , and as far as i can see , it gives absolutely no restrictions at all . 
  as far as i can see , every single ship in the world is required to travel to libya and assist . 
  it says nothing about not needing to do so even if you 're on the other side of the world , nor anything about not needing to do so if other ships are on the way . 
  as long as that is possible you are required to save the ship , your limits i think ( but i 'm not sure , i 'm not a lawyer ) are based on how dangerous the travel to save those ships are , on the range of your `` detectors '' and on the limit of territorial waters . 
   as far as i can see , almost every single ship in the world is breaking this by not immediately traveling to libya now . 
  there are a lot of factors to determine if one has to go and save them , distance is one of them , together with the type of ship  as far as i can see , the international convention of salvage says absolutely nothing about nearest or closest being under any more of a duty than any other ship . 
  there is also that written somewhere , i 'm too lazy to search for it right now , i 'm saying this on the fact that we got already sanctioned because we did exactly that , and the reason was `` it 's not a safe place and you have to let them stay to a safe place '' . 
  search for it , i 'm 100 % sure , here it is the sentence of 2012 of the echr : http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-court-of-human-rights-italy-sanctions-result-in-review-of-immigration-policy/, 
   you 've seen this ? 
   https://youtu.be/b-0mhunpli4 yes , i did , and i saw similar videos , still those ca n't be used as proofs in tribunal , probably there is a reason because they ca n't be used . 
  zuccaro is the magistrate that accused some ongs of that , but he was n't able to use any proof that he says it has because those proofs come all from `` unofficial sources '' . 
  that 's what i 'm saying when i say that `` there is no proof of that '' . 
   please quote where you think it says that they have to be rescued . 
  the international convention on salvage [ salvage convention ] was adopted in 1989 and replaced the brussels convention . 
  it was ratified by the united states in 1992 and came into force in 1996 . 
  article 10 of the salvage convention has three parts . 
  the first part provides : `` every master is bound , so far as he can do so without serious danger to his vessel and persons thereon , to render assistance to any person in danger of being lost at sea . '' the second part requires the signatory countries to adopt measures necessary to enforce the first part . 
  the third part exempts a vessel owner from liability if the vessel 's master breaches the duty imposed by the first part . 
  article 16 provides that the person whose life is saved from danger at sea does not owe compensation to anyone for doing so . 
   currently , yes , because italy and ngos go there in the first place !, 
  unrelevant !, 
  and no , italian ships are not there in the first place , it 's just that italian ships are there to monitor italian waters and are obviously the nearest one , ongs are a different thing and do not depend on italy . 
   i did n't say ports . 
  they travel to just off the coast of libya , as you know . 
  same , there is no proof of that too , a magistrate in italy said that to the journalists but then had to retreat what he said because he admitted that he had no proofs . 
  absolutely nothing in maritime law says that they have to be rescued . 
  and then you discover that it 's there , in the maritime law . 
  link : http://www.pacmar.com/story/2015/07/01/maritime-law/rescue-at-sea/357.html  if there are no ships nearby that can reasonable reach them , then there 's no requirement for them to be rescued . 
  but there are ships nearby that can reach them . 
   yes , because you need to end the human smuggle route over the mediterranean sea . 
  if you think the solution is just constant redistribution , then no , you do n't have their partnership . 
  and do n't you even dare speaking about solidarity after how your country has handled the situation between 2010 and 2015 , especially not to countries that have been hit the hardest by the balkan route migration ( like austria ) . 
  constant redistribution is not a solution , i agree with you , but redistribution right now is needed until we have a more stable solution . 
  we 're not asking austria for it mostly , we 're asking other countries that did n't reach their quotas . 
   yes , it turns out that austria was completely right . 
  their minister said that he has information that italy might just start sending all migrants up north , and oh look , just two weeks later this is exactly the threat you government is making . 
  it turns out as an interview of today , to austria prime minister or whoever it is , that there was no emergency at brennero . 
  and it 's not like migrants are going to go somewhere else if not north , they have no other ways . 
   yes , and there you need partners . 
  the only solution is a radical solution and these countries offered you to support you with it . 
  and i agree , but trying to order us around is not the way to manage the situation . 
   let me tell you a secret , the eu is a bunch of hypocrites . 
  remember the balkan migration crisis ? 
  the eu was furious about countries like austria , hungary , serbia and bulgaria just building fences and blocking the routes , but in the end it was the right thing to do and after even the `` we are on the moral high ground '' countries like germany could n't handle the flood of migrants anymore everyone was secretly happy that these countries did what they did . 
  everyone in the eu acts like he 's mother theresa himself and gives other countries moral lessons , till it gets uncomfortable for himself ... and we agree on that one too , still you ca n't complain if we follow the law and the decision of hypocrites , at least they 'll have to see what is going to happen if we follow continuosly that road and take a final decision . 
  as i said italy got sanctioned already if it did anything different from what it is doing . 
   fuck them . 
  they are the last one to tell us europeans what is right and what is wrong . 
  agree on the fuck them , but those 2 votes were needed to help stopping the smugglers since those are international organizations , clearly the smugglers do n't operate only in libya and both china and russia has interests in letting them work . 
  only because they themselves and alone tried to criticize for the work of italy , which is entirely following the strict laws to which italy must abide . 
  in addition to that we helped them kickstart back their economies and we helped them by accepting ee migrants when it was time , adopting the same exact politics that we 're adopting now , it 's kinda annoying to see that as long as it 's favouring them those politics are ok but when those politics do n't favour them anymore then we 're the bad guys . 
  let 's just say that right now the government of italy ca n't be soft anymore , it 's going to get chewed by their citizens if it tries to , it already is being chewed , but being careful with v4 countries would expose the flanks to oppositions even more . 
  the country is going to be in the hands of populists anyway by the next election . 
  in addition to the other comment : http://www.ilfattoquotidiano.it/2017/07/22/migranti-il-cancelliere-dellaustria-al-brennero-emergenza-non-esiste-vienna-non-finisca-con-orban-e-lega/3747605/ here it says that christian kern , in an interview for the presse am sonntag ( which is in german so i 'm not able to translate ) , declared that there is no emergency at brennero and that austria should n't go with orban and lega nord in its declaration .
