yes and no . 
  it 's a mix of ngos not wanting to accept the `` minniti code '' , which was a code for ngos promoted by minister minniti and consisted of various rules like having an italian officer on board , msf for example did n't accept this because they ca n't accept someone armed in their structures , it happens also in their hospitals and they probably did n't want to create a precedent . 
  in addition to that europe and italy mostly reinforced libya marine by supporting them in their operations . 
  in addition to that libya marine became more aggressive toward ngos near their territorial waters , and so ngos fear for their staff and they prefer to pull out of the situation than having some of their staff get hurt . 
  the last one should be heavily frowned up though due to the past of libya when they operated in international waters ( kidnapped fishermen and other not really nice stuff ), 
  yes and no . 
  it 's a mix of ngos not wanting to accept the `` minniti code '' , which was a code for ngos promoted by minister minniti and consisted of various rules like having an italian officer on board , msf for example did n't accept this because they ca n't accept someone armed in their structures , it happens also in their hospitals and they probably did n't want to create a precedent . 
  in addition to that europe and italy mostly reinforced libya marine by supporting them in their operations . 
  in addition to that libya marine became more aggressive toward ngos near their territorial waters , and so ngos fear for their staff and they prefer to pull out of the situation than having some of their staff get hurt . 
  you have n't tried italy then, 
  not to conquer new territories and not against other european countries . 
  not in 2017 . 
  in 2017 , if the reason is to conquer new territories , yeah , it is . 
  european countries still invade other countries , but the reasons are not `` hurrrr , this is my land , you go away '' . 
  yeah , but if they do it directly with an european country without using some sort of subterfuge like `` it 's an independent minority asking for independence '' it 's going to end up with a world war with everyone against russia . 
  i prefer to call it the venice sea , but whatever rocks your gondola, 
  nah , the world end at the pillars of hercules , what are you talking about ? 
  go away jesus , you 're drunk again !, 
  i would consider it south honestly, 
  romania , belarus and ukraine at the moment are not trying to invade other countries . 
  nope, 
  nah , you guys stay alone with uk , shooo, 
  ca n't hear you over my alps !, 
  do n't count on it . 
  5 star movement has already a couple of his local supporters , that were running for major , being `` killed politically '' because the leader wrote two lines against them on his blog and forced them to not run in those cities , even though the voters , which should express their will on the blog via `` direct democracy '' , wanted to keep that person as running for mayor for their party . 
  the leader just subverted the popular vote that was done via `` direct democracy '' and told the voters to `` believe him '' . 
  democracy at its best . 
   venetto one t !, 
  happy that you had a good experience :d, 
  yeah , the last time worked perfectly, 
  and then you look at the press and see that fascists are on the rise . 
  yes , but it 's something that should n't be viewed as a shame , it 's not a shame to having been behind the iron curtain , it 's not eastern europe fault for that , it 's just a fact , and as that it must be viewed . 
  it does n't make sense to just erase history because you do n't want to be defined eastern europe , i prefer to be defined an ex-fascist country than forget about what happened during fascism . 
   hint , iron curtain dropped in 1989 not after 00 's . 
  yes , i know , but the effects were still recent in the '90s , it was a fresh memory and people in television was still discussing it for obvious reasons . 
   reddit does not exactly have a majority of people born in before 80s , who 'd remember iron curtain existing , not only having studied about it . 
  as i said a lot of the subsequent discussion in television and at school was heavily influenced by the falling of the berlin wall , a lot of adults talked about it and songs like `` another brick in the wall '' were still going superstrong in the early '90s , i have a vivid memory of watching dragonball and having `` another brick in the wall '' transmitted right after the episode , and after that the explanation of how the song was tied to the berlin wall , and i was something like 6 or 8 , and i 'm born in ' 86 , in italy , in the north-east where the communist parties were not going so strong , i guess in more communist regions of italy the narration of the berlin wall was even stronger , or in europe in general . 
  i think it 's also a combination with recent history of course , that 's why i said that `` it 's a distinction that will exist as long as people born before ' 00s exist '' , i meant that it 's a combination of these two factors , recent history combined with economic situation . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about !, 
  now seat here next to me and start eating gelato !, 
  italy is 1500-1900 usd , when the average salary in the country is that one more or less ( average salary 35k gross per year which translates in a salary of 1500-1600 euros ) , wtf ?? 
  no , i meant that the arab springs ended up in governments that were in some cases worse than the dictatorships that were up at the moment and somehow ended up in religious nuts at the government . 
  for `` shitty arab springs '' i mean those that ended up in a way that were in general more negative than the precedent situation . 
  for example in egypt this was the situation during the nasser period : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx4rk8bj2w0 i do n't know if the riots that happened with mubarak can be called an arab spring or whatever else , but egypt right now is not what it used to be with nasser , or at least it seems to me . 
  it 's a distinction that will exist as long as people born before ' 00s exist and as long as there is a huge difference economically speaking , when there will be less differences then the distinction will disappear and it will be just a trivia fact . 
  i do n't think anyone is ok with it , it 's just how it is . 
   egypt is europe all of the north africa could 've been europe if it was n't for those shitty arab springs out of fucking nowhere . 
  at the end of the day in the 60s-70s we were much more alike than now . 
  i understand completely where you 're coming from , i can sympathize with you , but in this case i think that trying to retrieve her would give a completely wrong message , the only way i would put her in prison would be by using the [ 41 bis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_41-bis_prison_regime ) , and in germany do n't have that . 
  you would have to fight for every foreign fighter that is captured , you would actually be more clement than the country where she committed crimes , creating even more anger and injustice in the eyes of the victims of her crimes . 
  i would say that 's not worth it and humanity will not lose much without her , there are people more worth saving than her . 
   a minor should be protected no matter what . 
  i do n't agree with you , a minor must be protected to a degree depending on the age , at 16 you are more than able to understand what 's good and what 's bad , people in the past were considered more than adults at 16 , she was more than able to take an adult decision . 
  we 're not talking about a 6 year old here . 
  at that age i can understand religious / philosphy curiosity too , i was interested in many of them , wiccan , buddhism , induism , satanism , zoroastrianism , does n't mean anything though , it was just curiosity . 
  honestly i would 've done the same , it 's not naivety or stupidity , it 's just that the probability of something like `` joining a terrorist group '' is really low . 
  sometimes you just have to abandon some citizens , society is willing to protect you to a degree , but sometimes it 's just too much . 
   you still have rights even if you do stupid things . 
  `` stupid '' in this case is an euphemism, 
  mad max world does n't seem that far away, 
  luckily florence is not that humid outside, 
  it 's mostly us block vs russian block , which is kinda different . 
  i think i just understood it wrongly , no problem , that 's what i meant to say too , there was just suspicion but no real proof . 
  thanks for the post , it 's really helpful, 
   who ? 
  haftar ... jesus christ  no and again for two reason . 
   1 / after algeria , france does n't want to set up anything in africa simply by the fear of our public opinion of neocolonalism  2 / killing kaddafi did n't cost much . 
  rebuilding other 's country is not something we can/want/could afford . 
  then it 's perfectly ok to kill a guy because he 's a dictator but then you leave a fucking country in a civil war that will kill more people than the said dictator ? 
  you guys are fucking geniuses . 
  the point is that really , there was no proof , only suspicion . 
  i 'm the first to jump at the throat of someone if there is proof of criminal records , but if there is no proof then you ca n't judge on `` heavy suspicion '', 
  you know it 's bullshit since right now you 're helping a guy that has basically the same background as gheddafi , but this time it 's on your side . 
  if you were really interested in that you would have stayed there and you would have helped re-estabilish a democratic government . 
  the mission was clear , and it was protecting the civilians , that 's what needed to be done and that 's what should 've been done . 
  killing gheddafi was not something that we , as a coalition , should 've done . 
  yeah sure , he was totally not corrupt , totally not respecting the law and totally not ruined our economy . 
  the mission we were given was to protect the civil population , not to attack , and yet we attacked anyway . 
  we all knows the reason why gheddafi was put down , it 's not because he is a dictator or he was doing something particular different from what 's happening in a shitload of countries already ... 
  no , but there was no proof , spouting judgments without proof is dangerous and a behaviour that should be heavily frown upon . 
  otherwise you could just shout `` witch !, 
  witch ! '', 
  and burn the accused one . 
  it 's ok to doubt , but people ca n't get overheated over having no proof of misconduct . 
   if there is interest , i can do the u6 unemployment rate for eu countries ( unemployed people + discouraged + underemployed ) . 
  there is interest, 
  go big or go home !, 
  france was at least responsible for this situation in libya , caused by the fact that it wanted what everyone always wants , oil . 
  does n't matter though , france and the eu will reap what it sow . 
  it 's just a matter of time . 
  let 's hope it is like you say , but honestly in the next years we 're probably going to hit an energy crisis due to the fact that our petroleum source will be cut off ( since france is going to get more power in libya ) . 
  either you 'll have an italian exit or we 'll start to favor russia and will give them concessions , like the ports that they want in the mediterraneo or whatever . 
  we are going to have no-vax / anti-euro / anti-whatever is at the power in the next government , sided by the xenophobic ones , together at more than 50 % . 
  both anti-eu . 
  do your maths . 
  the country was stable before the 2011 bombs ... 
   yes we have to choose who it is fair to help and who it is not . 
  lybians rebels spoke about democracy , freemdom and equality . 
  then they have to conquer it themselves , if the majority of people wants to keep the dictatorship there is no reason for you to go there and remove it from under them . 
  it is not being done for north korea , it is not being done for russia , it did not need to be done for libya .
