  you wanted petroleum , that 's the real gist of it . 
   for catalans and venetians , it is just about paying less taxes ... say that to the catalans . 
  and for venetians , we 're proud and we want justice and equality , simple as that . 
   so then do n't blame us for trying to fix our mess . 
  you 're not trying to fix your mess , you 're trying to get deals for oil in libya now that the situation is unstable , which is kinda different , if you wanted to fix your mess you would have : - accepted the migrants that were coming in - asked for a joined diplomatic mission with italy  if you did n't want to send ships there france would have . 
  it 's not that we do n't want , it 's that we do n't want to create diplomatic incidents and we respect the authority of other countries on their own territory . 
  unlike someone else . 
   countries has to come out of their dictatorships by themselves and we have no voice in that regard ? 
  hopefully french never think that and so italian became a united country and independant from austriia because the fench army helped italian rebels like it did for libyans . 
  and that resulted in what ? 
  a country with a shitload of different identities ? 
  a country that ca n't decide for itself ? 
  italy was not meant to be united when it was , it was forced on itself and that caused problems continuosly between italians , that view each other differently . 
  and you can see the difference in the productivity of south vs north , italy needed to fight for its liberty by itself . 
  and are there not rebels in france ? 
  why do n't we help them ? 
  why do n't we help catalans in spain ? 
  why do n't we help the independence movements in veneto ? 
  why do n't we give more help to ira ? 
   if people think like you , there would be no italy . 
  and who said that was implicitly a bad thing ? 
  italy is full of corruption right now , it created fascism and it 's going to fall back into fascism again . 
  people in the south are suffering because the state is not there for them . 
  the great things that were created in italy were not created after 1861 , the great things that all tourists envy us for were created by autonomous regions that shared a culture , a language , but were different and independent from each other . 
  in addition to that we were not able to decide how to reform ourselves after fascism , because for usa it was too much losing our country to communism , so they influenced our decisions via illegal means , by killing off people that wanted to fight for more rights for the worker class . 
  italians did n't have a voice in attacking it and since our colonial past ( libya was an italian colony during fascism ) we did n't have much voice in libya either , we go really cautious because we respect the hate that libians has for us and before acting in current libya we request proper and diplomatic ways . 
  serraj asked us for an help at blocking the migrants right now with ships ( right after the meeting with macron ) , we agreed but we 're not going to step on libian soil to not cause a diplomatic incident . 
  this is how you conduct yourself in the house of others . 
  killing gheddafi and leaving libya as it was , like a fucking swat squad out of nowhere , has already caused more deaths than the one that gheddafi itself was going to cause , so at least , since all of the coalition fucked up , it should not be only italy the one having to manage all of the side effects , since italy did n't even want to go to war . 
   yes macron will not include italy in deal just to make you happy . 
  he has more stuff to do than to pamper you . 
  oh ok , it has more to do than including one of the most important actors in libya in the last years and one of the founders of the ue in a meeting with the libyan leaders , make sense , a lot . 
   help the rebels lybians was an idea from the rebels first no shit bro ? 
   then a french one and finally it become an international coalition . 
  yes , a coalition in which the one that then had to suck up all of the after effects had no voice in that regard  every member has its responsabilities , in particular the lybians . 
  they fuck off their country , not sarkosy . 
  he saved benghazi from the mass killing gadaffi promised . 
  libyans could rebel by themselves if they really wanted it , we had no voice in that regard , countries has to come out of their dictatorships by themselves , forced democracies do not work and we can see the results in all of the middle-east . 
  sarkozy and the rest just bombed the shit out of everything and left them to their own tools , of course people completely lost and without a government will turn to the religious bigot if they got help from outside and never fought for their own liberty  your ministers can invite themselves haftar and serraj . 
  we invited serraj , which was the recognized one internationally , haftar is just another gheddafi . 
   italy participated to the job https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1973 we had n't a voice about that matter , and the only reason why we intervened later was to not lose more power than we were already losing in libya , for italy there was no reason to bomb libya , the only reason was because there was everyone and their mothers already there . 
   and about oil , eni likes it as much as much as total . 
  yes , but then if you want the oil you get it by striking a new deal , not by bombing the shit out of everything . 
  otherwise if you do it you also take all of the side effects , like the immigrants that will come right after . 
  north league and 5 star movement are gaining more and more traction due to the migrant crisis , due to the austerity imposed to us and due to the sensation that we 're just being bend over since we got in eu . 
  and they 're both anti-eu parties . 
  do your maths . 
  yeah , but then you must also do something to repair at that disaster , you ca n't just say `` eh , sarkozy was crazy , it happened , the problem is yours now . 
  oh , and you can try to close the ports or do something else , ecchr is going to sanction you if you try !, 
  not our fault though !, 
  in addition to that macron trying to strike a deal with haftar and serraj the other day without including italy was another asshole move , you ca n't blame sarkozy about that . 
   catastrophe ? 
  it 's not like the italians were trying anything . 
  we were trying not to bomb them and give them a period of unstability and war ? 
  you did a wonderful job at completely ruining a country , now they 're divided in how many ? 
  3 parts ? 
  more ? 
  because you fuckwits decided that you liked the petrol . 
  after the libya catastrophe ? 
  not at all . 
  italy will turn more and more over a nationalistic government , it 's not that far away the possibility of an italian exit from europe , we get complaints from everyone for working in the limits given to us by eu , if eu wants another state to get out then it 's on the good road . 
  what 's uk doing in there ? 
  well , it 's not like it was us attacking the russians in the first place !, 
  we barely could make it in africa against eritrea , what made you think we could do it against russia ?!, 
  who 's the opposing team ? 
  they do n't come even close to us . 
  even germans do better looking cars than japanese . 
  we can also do planes better ... i think, 
  eh , you got the guys that surrender in exchange , you should start choosing your allies better . 
  this time we have the self-destructing guys on our side , we 're importing them , they have been seen as quite annoying for france and germany already it seems . 
  italy has been left behind though . 
   you seem to be perfectly happy to abolish/ignore the rights of those that disagree with you . 
  which is fundamentally anti western values . 
  it 's kinda different to abolish / ignore the rights of the people that disagree with me because they like their own sex than abolish / ignore the rights of the people that want to actively cut my head . 
  yes you are , go now , out of your home !, 
   where did you go , to the v\u00f6llaner hitlerjugend ? 
  i 've never seen anyone expecting italians to speak german ( most italians here also ca n't speak german ) . 
  if i 'm not wrong it was at san vigilio di marebbe , i went there for the zipline . 
  it 's not that i was expected to speak german , but more than one waitress in a restaurant gave us the cold shoulder when she understood that we were not able to speak german nor ladino . 
  they guys of the zipline though were cool , but i think they 're used to seasonal works and to move around . 
   there were attempts to italianize south tyrol through migration for some time after the war , i think into the 60ies . 
  possible , i knew about the fascists ones but i do n't know about the sixties . 
  it 's passed 50 + years though now , the situation is quite different and i do n't think anyone wants to send people away . 
   i do n't see a lot of south tyrolers on reddit at all , what i see sometimes are italians complaining about our autonomy , but all in all we are not mentioned a lot . 
  happened a couple of times , of course italians ( mostly people from veneto ) complain a lot about the autonomy since we want it too / we want them all removed ( something like either no one has it or everyone has it ) and we do n't see it as making sense anymore in 2017 . 
  they 're there but they prefer speaking german or ladino, 
  sadly it was never valued here in italy , not now , not in the '90s , and you ca n't really keep our wages low when we have all of this information in our hands and competitive wages next door , of course we 're going to move out , we 're not dumb , we 're idealists maybe , but not dumb . 
  in my opinion maybe some of us will come back one day , if italy will restibilize itself and if italy will get back on it 's feet i 'll be more than happy to return , but right now the italian system is just going to collapse on itself if it goes on like this , corruption is everywhere , i do n't know if it 's worse now or before `` mani pulite '' , the taxes are high and the salaries are low and do n't match the cost of living until you have 5-6 years of job experience , that means you can hardly move out before 30 , and when you do you barely have enough left to put in the bank in case of emergency / for buying something important like a house or a car . 
  the petty crimes are getting higher and the new immigrants right now are getting on the nerves of many people , probably they 're not the ones committing the biggest crimes in the great picture , but they are the ones doing it directly to the common people , the ones that you always hear in the news and the ones that people can see affecting their lives negatively . 
  the politics are a mess , we 're going to have 3 coalitions ( basically composed of 4 big parties in total , plus minor ones ) with more or less the same percentages right now ( elections in 2018 , this is the situation now : http://www.termometropolitico.it/1263476_sondaggi-elettorali-ipr-marketing-3.html ) , that means another 8 years of nothing done because they wo n't be able to decide something together because no one will want to take responsability if something goes bad , too many heads biting at each other , bickering and stealing money with huge salaries ( italy is the country with the biggest salaries for their politicians ) . 
  yeah , but the migrant crisis caused by the attack to libya ( due to the fact that france wanted their petrol ) , the fact that germany does n't give italy much margin of movement in term of economic choices ( and i agree with that ) and the fact that usa could n't stay out of the way after the second world war but had to finance fascists extremists and mafia , did n't help at all . 
   he clearly said illegal migrants , not asylum seekers . 
  and where do you think most of illegal migrants in italy come ? 
   op 's graph implies otherwise . 
  that 's the europeans view , the italians view in the last 4-5 years got worse and worse . 
  the fact that everytime i go there i 'm given the cold shoulder when they hear i speak only italian ( and i 'm from veneto , so they ca n't really complain about something like taxes from me ) . 
  add to that the fact that here on / r/europe it 's not strange to hear south tyrolers complaining about how italy is somehow destroying their culture , when all in all it was the fascists that tried to do that mostly ( i do n't know if there was something after that , but for what i know they did n't get much state intervention in these 10-20 years ) . 
   however honestly i do n't want to receive millions of permanent illegal third world migrants . 
  i think it 's a bad idea that will cause many problems . 
  apparently that 's enough to be smeared as `` xenophobic '' and `` racist '' nowadays .
