  i would have never thought about it . 
  oh no wait , they said it . 
   you ca n't be against immigration and in favour of open-borders , thats like trying to put out a fire with gasoline and claiming to be a firemen . 
  you can be against illegal immigration and in favour of open borders , leftist right now just do n't approve the `` shoot at them '' politics that right wing wants to adopt . 
  oh , in addition to that this immigration problem was caused by right wing parties in france that wanted petrol for them and then destabilized libya , sarkozy was n't exactly left . 
  berlusconi wanted free immigrants from albania for his mafia friends , he was n't exactly left . 
   and in regards to the g8 of genova the police should have been more violent with those parasites go on , play in the hands of the people with power , like i give a shit . 
  do n't complain with the left when there are new immigrants though , you wanted them by supporting the people that needed them for their cheap labour . 
  support salvini though , he totally wants to extinguish mass immigration , he totally wants to remove the only thing that keep him relevant in the parliament and that bring him votes , believe it . 
   the real threat of europe are n't radical muslims , the real threat is the left yeah sure , when the `` no global '' guys told you that you should n't let everyone in and you should n't just agree with globalization the right wing parties were all `` nono , they 're fucking extremists , they need to be killed , fuck genova demonstrations '' . 
  fuck you guys , you wanted globalization , you got globalization , do n't complain with the left now , complain with berlusconi and his friends . 
  it was the right wing parties that wanted low cost workers coming in , not the left . 
  and now you complain for what you got , serves you right , you asked for it and you were warned . 
  and do n't even let me start with the 2800 days in medium for a process to finish in italy , in respect of the 600 days of a normal state because someone needed to bring out laws to keep himself and his friends out of jail , but yeah , the threat is the left , you fucking assholes . 
   it 's safe as shit . 
  in other words , boring !, 
  just joking , looking forward to visit portugal when i 'll have some time . 
  of course , if it 's you flooding the rest of europe it 's ok ... 
  you have to just keep conquering stuff and let the others pay you, 
  basically yeah , you ca n't just destroy the differences in a couple of days , if we want an equalization it must happen slowly but steadily . 
  in the east europe you 're competitive because you have cheap labour , in the western europe we 're competitive because we have the infrastructures , if you equalise the wages in eastern europe there will be no reason for people to invest in east , because it would be more convenient to just invest in the west which already has the infrastructures . 
  basically you would found yourselves with higher wages but less people working . 
  to equalise the wages eastern europe should start building a competitive infrastructure . 
  and i mean , i completely agree that we must reach the same wages eh , do n't think that i 'm not agreeing with you , i 'm just try to plan out a proper way to do it , realistically speaking . 
  they will, 
  italy, 
  i 'm disappointed it does n't spin on itself, 
  addendum for the american : do not wash your feet with butt water , you should use clean water . 
  i believe in you estonia , you can be nordic too !, 
  good luck from italy !, 
   thank you for a good response by the way . 
   you 're very honest , which is rare these days and i greatly appreciate that . 
  you 're welcome , very much pleased to be useful to you . 
   honestly you 're pretty damn centrist for a leftist/socialist these days , which just speaks to how radical politics is becoming . 
  i 'd like to be more at the left , but i 'm trying to work with what i have and also be rational and realistic ( even if a little bit idealistic ) , i do n't want to delude myself that being super-left is going to solve every problem , and i think that being aggressive is stupid and it should be used only for self-defense or as a consequence of exasperation of the masses , which i view as self-defense of the masses . 
  the point is that if it was for me capitalism should be dismantled , i do n't approve it and i think it 's going to cause more and more problems as time passes , i honestly think we 're on the brink of some serious clash between the biggest countries of the world , either economical or an all out war , it depends . 
  just to make you understand more my mind , i 'm reading right now [ `` in praise of idleness and other essays '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in_praise_of_idleness_and_other_essays ) in which i see many of my ideas reflected in a more proper form and thought out better . 
  understood , thank you really much for the explanation , 
  so it was somewhat a `` good thing '' that that coup failed ? 
  i mean , if they were islamists anyway would turkey been under some sort of islamic despotism also if they did n't fail ? 
  just asking since i do n't know much about the situation in turkey . 
  yes , i know , that 's why i 'm saying that either we should be all equals . 
  if it was for me i would remove all of the special statuses from everyone , they 're anachronistic and unjust for the regions that pay taxes , you just pay your share of taxes , given how much money you generate as a region , and that 's it . 
  that 's why you see movements and parties that promote the independence of veneto gaining each year more and more strength . 
   on the left ( i think , politic here is a mess ) we have renzi he 's more to the center than the left right now , it has almost nothing of the ideals of the left in it . 
   beppe grillo is right too , maybe ? 
  i 'm always trying to guess if grillo is more on the right than salvini or not ... i think he is . 
  on the left at the moment there is a shitload of little parties , the most important i think are possibile , the party of pisapia / bersani ( i do n't know the name yet ) and si ( ex-sel ) . 
  for what concerns myself i 'm taking in consideration heavily to vote possibile , not sure yet though , i have to get more informations on it and on the other left-wing parties . 
  it also depends on the eventual coalitions in which possibile is going to join . 
   do we have any good politician ? 
  i think so , but the good ones are the quiet ones usually , and so they do n't get that much exposure . 
  douglas adams said in one of his most famous books , `` hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy '' :  `` the major problem -- one of the major problems , for there are several -- one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it ; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them . 
   to summarize : it is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are , ipso facto , those least suited to do it . 
   to summarize the summary : anyone who is capable of getting themselves made president should on no account be allowed to do the job . '', 
  for `` you '' do you mean me myself or italians in general ? 
  i have generally leftist / socialist views , so in all honesty i 'm proud about the fact that italy keeps helping people that needs help at sea and saves them , i think it 's the right thing to do , i also think that some sort of immigration is needed since a lot of the south of italy is getting more and more depopulated due to the young south italians migrating to north ( and north italians migrating to the rest of europe ) . 
  the point is that i 'm also afraid of the difficulty of integration , since there are so many migrants and since they are concentrated in some areas , i think it will be hard to integrate them properly , and that will become problematic in a few years if we do n't manage them well . 
  i think the idea of giving the `` ius soli '' ( which was n't a real ius soli ) to the son of immigrants and to the immigrants that passed tests was a good idea , that would help a lot with integration , but politicians got ta be politicians and so the law did n't pass . 
  in addition to that i do n't like that eu has n't taken a definitive stance regarding the migration and i feel kinda betrayed by it , these people are not migrating to italy , they 're migrating to europe , so the problem should be solved together and the burden should be shared between everyone , it 's not the right thing to do to let us take the hit while ong of other states bring the migrants to us and france and spain close their ports . 
  regarding the italians in general the sentiment is a lot more right-oriented , there is an inside struggle between the `` saving them is the human thing to do and we should do it , even if it is hard to do , but it is the right thing to do '' and the `` let them drown in the sea / deport them back to libia '' guys . 
  regarding the eu the sentiment is more or less the same between everyone , we all felt betrayed that at the meeting of tallinn of the other day everyone gave us the middle finger . 
  this is going to backfire at europe though , because this type of behaviour moved votes to the right , to the parties affiliated with ukip and things like that , which is not good news at all . 
  i just hope that in the next months the agreement with libya will go well and that the flux will diminish , but there are already more people coming in than the last year at the same date , we 're right now at 83k illegal migrants that came in since the beginning of 2017 , in 2016 at the end of june they were 70k , coming mostly from niger , bangladesh , guinea , ivory coast , gambia , senegal and morocco , the fact is that these people for the most part are not refugees running away from wars , so that is really infuriating for a lot of italians , which has to take the burden ( economically ) for the wars started from others and for the people left in poverty by others . 
  take in account that in all of this our economy is not going well , there is a lot of unemployment , there is a huge `` brain drain '' due to the fact that the salaries are not competitive and there are no jobs ( programmers have more or less the same salaries that have in estonia , but with a cost of life which is something like 30-40 % more , or in germany the salaries are almost doubled while the cost of living is something like 30 % more than in italy ) , seeing clandestine immigrants come in and we have to manage them is hard for us since we are not in a really good situation to begin with . 
   this should get gold but i 'm poor france to greece ... eeeeh, 
  migrant crisis mostly , we thought he was going to help us and let us catch a breadth while eu discuss how we should manage the situation as an union , instead he just told us a nicer version of : `` fuck off , we do n't want them , your problem '' . 
  he is also seen as a french version of matteo renzi , our last premier , which is not being seen in a good light right now, 
  eh ... tell that to italians ... it 's better if he 's not coming here any time soon , i do n't see it going very well if he does, 
  i ca n't argue with that , i 'd like to , but i ca n't, 
  these type of summits should be done in fortified cities , in italy we learned that during the g8 of genova and so the g7 of this year has been in lucca , no big problems during it . 
  this is the city from above : http://i.imgur.com/3dnruvb.jpg four entrances that can be closed and a city built with the intention of being able to manage an external attack , with long and narrow roads which are useful for snipers . 
   as you surely know , the territory nowadays occupied by the two provinces s\u00fcdtirol - alto adige and trentino ( and some ladin atributed to venetia like belluno ) were forcefully annexed by italy after the first world war . 
  not a single referendum was held in the post-war era to grant the populations of both south tyrol and trentino a democratic opportunity to decide themselves which national state they felt attached to . 
  so far , so good . 
  yeah , you can say something similar for veneto , there was a referendum but it is highly suspicious how it went , since there was something like a 90 % of positive votes , having a referendum did n't change that much , believe me . 
   south tyroleans struggled for decades to preserve their language , culture and identity while the italian state continued to favour the settlement of venetians and south italians to speed up the assimilation process . 
  and that is known , in veneto it went well and it 's giving its fruits , in south italy ... well ... let 's say it did n't for a shitload of factors , from the mafia to the italian state , passing through the local politicians and dress everything in the american interventions in sicily to keep the country a capitalist one instead of letting it slide in the communist block , killing people that was fighting for defending the local workers , it was a literal shitshow . 
  anyway this is the reason for which friuli-venezia giulia became an autonomous region , and that i support , since italy used friuli as a cushion against possible aggressions from the communist block , and left it to their own instruments . 
   the people were alienated in their own homeland ( toponyms mostly barely translated by italian fascist ettore tolomei were introduced and declared official , german banned and speaking it penalized . 
  just a couple of examples ) assimilation is a crime against humanity , and your crude nationalist understanding of the tyrolean minority ( or majority in the province ) owing allegiance to the state of italy is unheard of and even more perverted in the borderless , integrated europe we live in nowadays . 
  if you 're speaking to me as an individual i 'm not asking for assimiliation , but for integration , and for not being looked as a stranger or being looked down when i go in a pizzeria in south tyrol because i do n't speak ladino or german , as it was said before the methods were those of the fascists , and believe it or not a good amount of the italian population fought against them themselves . 
  and in no way i 'm saying that me or you owe allegiance to italy in addition to that , but being inconsiderate and keep old grievances in respect of the other citizens of your state just because you do n't believe in the government is on a completely different field . 
  being an autonomous region is a disrespect when you 're talking to the other italian regions , since anyway part of the taxes of italy , that we pay too , goes also in trentino - alto adige . 
  and when i say `` you '' i mean also the other italian regions that have an autonomous statute , either the autonomy advantages are given to everyone or to no one . 
   i am in no way anti italian , to the contrary : i consider myself european first of all . 
  but let me make this clear : we owe the italian state f *** all . 
  you owe the italians , if it was not for the partisans then alto adige would 've been completely destroyed by fascists , or as you like to say `` italianized '' , in all of this you at the time were one of the regions that fought the most against partisans , lasa , malga zonta , ziano , stramentizzo , molina di fiemme are the prime examples of the shit you guys did , after that there were accords that let you kept your language and your culture without any more problems ( de gasperi - gruber ) , but then you started again with the ethnic shit , with the terrorism and so on and so for , you got nazis in your government again and you resumed the stupid shit . 
   let me turn the tables . 
  even though many italian toponyms are pure fascist inventions , i am not reactionary , i am not against their usage . 
  they are widely accepted , depoliticised and applied by the italian minority . 
  are a trilingual country nowadays , and all the languages spoken here must be treated equally . 
  i was in south-tyrol a few times , i must say that all of the three languages are not treated equally ... 
   what are you on about ? 
  i honestly do not understand your reasoning there . 
  the reasoning is that wanting to use italianized names for places inside of italy does n't mean that one is a fascist ... 
  suffering because of fascists and because of the unification happened in all of italy , every single one of us suffered from it , not only south-tyrol . 
  claiming that only you suffered for it or that you suffered more than others is offensive . 
  right now the situation is this one though , italy is one country and we suffered a lot to create this state , all in all for all the suffering that it created this unification also created a lot of good , and we 're stronger together than alone . 
  yes , there are still a shitload of problems , you know it , i know it , everyone knows it , but this is still no reason to keep a grudge everytime that you talk to an italian or everytime that you 're associated with italy since you know ... you 're part of it .
