yea , this is why i 'm not a huge fan of us `` freedom '' of speech . 
  sure , having the government tell you what you can and you can not say is a slippery slope . 
  but i think you 're right , being able to connect with millions of people , being exposed to ridiculous ideas and seeing others people who agree with them probably means you 're more likely to believe too and stuck in their own echo chamber , never seeing a counter-argument , it 's obvious * some * of them will go beyond words and start harming people . 
  200 years ago when you were in your village in the middle of nowhere and had a shitty opinion , you either kept it to yourself to avoid being ridiculed or you ... what could you even do since the people you hated were on another continent and you were unlikely to never meet one ? 
  you 'd be surprised at how little attention people give to their surroundings . 
  sometimes , when i go to a familiar place ( friend 's house , work , home ) , i can leave home , start thinking about something , zone out and arrive at my destination perfectly fine but with barely any memories of my commute , i could n't tell you what happened or how long it took . 
  with all cars , people and stores around , the noise noise , the ads , i mean ... what differencec does one plaque make ? 
  if there are some , i have n't seen them around . 
  which reminds me of the movie the * monthy python and the life of brian * : [ what did the romans ever do for us ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9foi342lxqe ) , it 's easy to blame people but when it 's time to acknowledge what they did right , our memory is really not good at it . 
  on the other hand , when you 're not sure about something , it 's usually easier ( and faster ) to just throw your opinion out there and wait for people to correct you rather than ask questions , people reaaaally like telling you why you 're wrong and why you should be ashamed of it . 
  not that you should believe everyone else says but i never hesitate to engage in discussion because 1 ) writing my point of view is a good way to sort things out in my mind and 2 ) seeing a lot of different answers on a particular topic is a good way to learn about it , see what others think of it and learn about things you did n't take into account even if you do n't agree with everything they tell you . 
  comment sections and aggressively angrily with everyone who disagrees ? 
  weeeeell , true , probably not the best way to improve, 
  true , national politicians are usually quick to take credit for all the good stuff that happen in our country and blame either the eu or their opponent for every bad thing that has ever happened . 
  the city where one of my grandmothers lives received a lot of funding from the eu , they renovated roads and the only tourist attraction they have thanks to this , local associations also receive lots of fundings from the government and it 's made the city way more active than it used to ... yet i 'm sure you could ask people around and none of them would even know the government and the eu helped the city a lot , it 's not common knowledge . 
  cheers , had never heard of it called like that , it 's a good name for it , 
  true but tbf , you would call for nato and a stronger us military presence or a defensive pact if your big neighbour kept bullying around smaller countries and calling everything a provocation while they 're the only ones invading their neighbours in the region . 
   typical hypocrite barking of russia , probably even they know how ridiculously that sounds but they have to nail it to the people . 
  i agree , i do n't think they care about how stupid it looks from outside . 
  as long as the russian people hear about european countries provocating them and nato getting closer and closer to russian borders , they 'll believe they need a strong leader and they 'll applaud whenever they hear their government butting heads with ours , holding strong against western provocations . 
  he 's barking so they can hear him bark loudly and proudly , it 's a strategy , not a good one but it makes sense . . somehow . 
   would historians be prosecuted for discussing such evidence ? 
  why would they ? 
  there are ongoing debates about whether or not the allies knew of those camps , how much they knew about it , how they handled the matter publicly , how little support holocaust survivors got once they were saved from those camps , how the suffering of some communities ( eastern europe ) was barely recognized afterwards due to the cold war , etc ... we do n't forbid people to discuss history . 
  but if we 're talking about ww2 : we have thousands of survivors who served as witnesses of these atrocities , we have testimonies from both the allied soldiers who liberated those camps and the nazi soldiers who committed those atrocities as well as german civilians and pow who were forced to visit those camps after the war , we had the nuremberg trial , we have thousands of photos and movies of the liberation of those camps , thousands of dead bodies who had to be buried , personal belongings of thousands of victims , the holocaust happens . 
  and those who say otherwise are either conspirationists or people who hate jews and deny their suffering ( either saying that those camps never existed or that nobody there was killed or implying that they somehow deserved it ) or people who support nazi ideology and want a similar government to take over the current one and no , this is not the kind of society we want to build . 
  the armenian genocide is the same , it 's pretty-well documented and records from both sides show that turkey blamed the armenians for its losses during the war , turned on them , forced them to exile with no food nor water to sustain them when they did n't outright killed them . 
  it happened . 
  it does n't mean you can not discuss how the genocide took place , how some ottomans opposed it , how little the average turkish citizen knew at the time or hell , even how some ottomans suffered at the hand of the armenians , we do n't put the armenians on a pedestral , we forbid people from saying that a series of events that led to the death of 1m + armenians never happened . 
  this is our freedom of speech :  article 24 prohibits anyone from publicly inciting another to discriminate against , or to hate or to harm , a person or a group for belonging or not belonging , in fact or in fancy , to an ethnicity , a nation , a race , a religion , a sex , or a sexual orientation , or for having a handicap . 
   articles 32 and 33 prohibit anyone from publicly defaming or insulting a person or group for belonging or not belonging , in fact or in fancy , to an ethnicity , a nation , a race , a religion , a sex , or a sexual orientation , or for having a handicap . 
   act 90-615 of 13 july 1990 or the gayssot act ( named for its sponsor in the national assembly ) introduced a right to respond for any person who considers that a newspaper or other print medium has damaged his honor on the grounds of his ethnicity , nationality , race or religion . 
  the gayssot act sets a punishment of five years ' imprisonment and a $ 45,000 fine for the public expression of ideas that challenge the existence of the crimes against humanity committed by nazi germany during world war ii as defined in the appendix to the london agreement of 8 august 1945  france 's penal code forbids any private defamation of a person or group for belonging or not belonging , in fact or in fancy , to an ethnicity , a nation , a race , a religion , a sex , or a sexual orientation , or for having a handicap ( article r. 624-3 ) . 
  the penal code forbids any private insult toward a person or group for belonging or not belonging , in fact or in fancy , to an ethnicity , a nation , a race , a religion , a sex , or a sexual orientation , or for having a handicap ( article r. 624-4 ) . 
  the penal code forbids any private incitement to discrimination or to hatred or violence against a person or group for belonging or not belonging , in fact or in fancy , to an ethnicity , a nation , a race , a religion , a sex , or a sexual orientation , or for having a handicap ( article r. 625-7 ) we can also ban groups advocating racism , prosecute people who call for violence , have strong regulations regarding advertisement ( eg . 
  not alcohol / tobacco ads , no ads in english without a french translation , etc ) and yes , i find these limits reasonable . 
  whether nazi germany did the same or not does n't matter , we do what we think is right and most people agree with those laws , the society we want to build is not one where holocaust deniers have the freedom to reject publicly the suffering of those who died or lost their friends and family in the holocaust . 
  you do realize that giving fines to people who deny a genocide that has been proven times and times again by historians is n't exactly on par with what the nazis did , right ? 
  cheers , i 'm a slow watcher so it 'll probably take me years to start watching that but it 's on my to-watch list now , somewhere , can barely see the end of it too :p, 
  eh , did n't think about it like that but it 's true most vegetarians i know are people who made a conscious choice to manage ( and change ) their diets and this choice often also came along with aiming for a healthier lifestyle ( more sleep , more sport , less food between meals ) . 
  not all vegetarians are healthy but it would make sense that the average vegetarian would be healthier than the average non-vegetarian since there are a lot more of them ( percentage-wise ) who at least try to do some research on their food and not just grab whatever gets in their way . 
  tbh , `` too much meat is bad '' does n't mean much , it 's bad because it 's too much , it 's too much because it starts having a negative impact on you or else you would n't call it `` too much '' in the first place . 
  the real question is `` how much is too much ? '', 
  and i suppose the answer is probably different for different people ( gender , weight , genetic illnesses , etc ), 
  if it was a tv show or if these people were comedians , i 'd applaud the sheer audacity of the writers , going above and beyond the boundaries of stupidity , hell , i would n't call the show believable as much as a guilty pleasure because it sure is quite entertaining . 
  knowing that these people will affect the lives of millions , one way or another is just sad , it 's almost a miracle that our countries are doing so well with these clowns as leaders and candidates . 
  yeah , their team played in the euro , their supporters came here , we all enjoyed it together , does n't matter that they 're out * right now * , they 'll be back for the next one , we should do something for them . 
  plus , we always talk about differences between countries , cultures and people , and here we have soccer than links people from all over the world around something millions of us share , it 's the perfect occasion for a minute of silence . 
  honestly ? 
  it 's hard say with the current government in france , would n't be the first time a minister takes a stance on an issue only to have the president say the opposite the next day , when it 's not the president himself or the prime minister flip-flopping on issues . 
  yeah there is definitely a glass ceiling above her . 
  more people might vote for her than for any other candidate in the first round but people who voted for any other candidate plus some of the people who voted for her in the first round will vote against her in the round that actually matters , same problem jmlp had when he was the head of the party . 
  plus , the talk about going back to the franc and destroying the eu is just not working well for young voters , it 's borderline insane . 
  probably the reason france is pushing hard for opening negotiations asap . 
  presidential elections are next year and marine le pen is already asking for a frexit referendum , hollande wants people to realize how hard it is to leave the eu and the consequences of an eventual frexit * before * we also shoot ourselves in the foot like the uk just did . 
  yea even in france , my family is spread all over the country ( nice , paris , bordeaux , champagne , lyon ) and something i did n't notice as a kid is that it 's almost different countries with a different lifestyle / atmosphere / version of our language / culture / references / climate / etc. 
  we have a common language but being at the crossroads of so many countries and our country being made up of regions with different origins , it 's hardly homogeneous ... and it makes the country really interesting . 
  but it 's something you ca n't see when you never leave your neighborhood , people are different and it 's okay , it 's even really great though i wish our government did more against those who refuse to integrate or cause trouble , whether they 're natives or foreigners because nothing good comes out of inaction . 
  same , i 'm parisian , french and european . 
  but i think people do n't see that unless they go out and actually interact with foreigners . 
  i actually felt more french than ever when i spent 1 year in the uk , interacting everyday with foreigners but i also felt way more european than i used to when i went back home and saw how tiny and insignificant local / national politics looked like . 
   as an eea member , we do not participate in decision-making in brussels , but we loyally abide by brussels ' decisions . 
  we have incorporated approximately three-quarters of all eu legislative acts into norwegian legislation -- and counting . 
  we have legally secured access to the single market , and we practise the free movement of people , goods , services and capital . 
  norway is more closely integrated into many aspects of the eu than even some of the eu 's members . 
  our subscription to freedom of movement and our membership of the schengen area means that norway has even higher per capita immigration than britain . 
  [ ... ]  what is normally not said , however , is that this also means retaining all the eu 's product standards , financial regulations , employment regulations , and substantial contributions to the eu budget . 
  source : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/oct/27/norway-eu-reality-uk-voters-seduced-by-norwegian-model, 
   the uk wants to fundamentally change the entire structure of the eu body for everybody to make it fairer and less constricting . 
  how are they going to change it once outside ? 
  it needs reforms for sure but they removed themselves from the discussion and wo n't be able to defend their point of view at all . 
  we will remain allies and we will continue to trade with them , but you ca n't have everything , having access to the eu single-market comes with rules and obligations , they ca n't have all the privileges eu members have yet follow none of the obligations we have . 
  if we allowed that * then * you would have tensions , the eu would disappear ( because , again , what 's the point ? 
  people would just leave and ask for a similar deal ) and we 'd get closer to a war . 
  i say `` closer '' because i just ca n't see that happening , young people are mostly pro-eu and would be the first victims of war if there was ever one , so it would n't make sense . 
   they are grown-ups and can take it . 
  not all grown-ups can take it , i 'm sure it does n't take much to enrage people like erdogan or even sarkozy back in the days and a few others . 
  it 's sad that it even needs to be said . 
  of course you ca n't have both , otherwise what 's the point of even being part of the eu ? 
   honestly , yeah , he had flaws ( no man is perfect ) , but his long term foresight was impressive , and not only on the uk . 
  his conferences ( some of them easily watchable on youtube ) are an exemple of hindsight and pedagogy . 
  cheers , did n't know they were actually on youtube . 
  ca n't say i plan to watch them anytime soon but they should be quite interesting , definitely bookmarking a few of them for future watchings , 
  it 's even more amazing that someone was lucid enough to work on a franco-german cooperation project after ww2 . 
  i guess the disaster that was the treaty of versailles taught us something but ww1 germany was n't * that * bad , it was n't nazi germany , it had yet to commit the holocaust , it was an awful war but it still was some sort of war rather than a large-scale massacre and he still thought it 'd be better for our economies to be tangled up together . 
  if our president came back to his senses , he 'd realize he should n't even be running for a second term , he 's at 15 % approval rating or close and people oppose his projects just because he 's the one pushing it . 
  and what about the others ? 
  yesterday hollande tried to forbid a protest ( force the organizers to cancel the event as police really does n't have time to fight with people breaking shit left and right ) , he was shamed for doing so from all sides then caved in , approved it and was also shamed for flip-flopping on this issue by those same people . 
  he ca n't win because he 's hollande and is done for , they ca n't win because let 's be real , they 're a bunch of morons . 
  i see what you mean . 
  it 's true , if the uk gets better deals when out of the eu , what 's the point of the eu ? 
  even if there are some , people will see the uk `` winning '' after they left and us getting the shortest end of the stick so it would be the end . 
  yeah he definitely was n't a fan of the us , they tried to replace him with a more us-friendly general during the war ( though free french troops opposed it ) , the allies even thought they could just divide france amongst themselves as conquered territories at some point , he did n't like nato either , etc. 
  the man had plenty of flaws and failed to understand that things were changing in france ( may 68 ) or in the colonies ( algerian war ) but he was pretty spot on regarding the uk-us relationship and how france needed to be strong to remain independant . 
  it 's unprecented so nobody really knows . 
  financial markets go down because some people are trying to profit from it or over-reacting because they bet on the wrong horse but it 'll bounce back . 
  now we need to wait and see how things will turn out for the uk in the next 2 years . 
  if the eu `` punishes '' them , i doubt it 'll make people want to stay in the eu , hell might as well leave while they 're focusing on the uk and hope we get hit less hard . 
  if the eu does its best to stay allied with the uk but the uk just ca n't do it on their own , people and companies leave in mass and it all goes tits up , i doubt more countries will follow .
