  if doomsday sayers are wrong and it turns out the uk lost a bit here , gained a bit there , lost a bit at first then emerged stronger afterwards , then sure , more people will follow . 
  whether or not what 's left of the eu at this point can get stronger than before entirely depends on us , i would n't rely too much on our leaders doing the right thing , especially as french leaders only look towards the next presidential election ( 2017 ) and will say whatever they feel their voters want to hear * now * instead of trying to explain their stance to us ( and you know , think about it for once ), 
  stay or you 'll destroy europe and start a war that will kill millions is n't exactly the most sane argument to remain . 
  probably people who vote for him . 
  they do n't * care * but when you control the press , you can easily make yourself appear stronger than you are ... he 's butting heads with a whole continent , he 's telling his neighbours to fuck off , he 's focusing on his glorious people and making the country stronger while europe is trying to weaken turkey , etc. 
  i thought colbert 's character was pretty good , his fake outrage at things , his superpac , the way he pokes fun at politicians on both sides . 
  colbert ... as colbert ? 
  not so much , it 's not * bad * but there are only a few segments here and there that look interesting and they 're often way too short to really get into it . 
  you mean the atrocities that germany has acknowledged plenty of times , for which nazi leaders were tried and executed , the one we teach in school because we recognize how awful the genocide was and want to prevent history from repeating itself or morons from pretending it either never happened or that the millions of casualties deserved it ? 
  i mean , we did n't exactly wait for a turkish museum before talking about it . 
  let 's say you 're prone to violence in the first place and there 's this massive debate where insults and lies fly from both sides and you really , really think that if uk does n't leave , the country is done for and this girl , she keeps campaigning to stay and she does n't change her stance , you ca n't convince her , so ... you kill her ? 
  it does sound pretty crazy to me too , and to ... probably like 95 % + of the population but it really seems like some people resort to violence when they 're losing an argument , feel threatened or when they ca n't get what they want . 
  i knew kids like that at school , they were n't exactly masters of conversation per say so when they started arguing and ran out of ideas , they 'd just punch each other , a situation they seemed awfully more comfortable with . 
  with the far-right , it 's probably something like : they do n't share my position = they do n't defend the country , they want to destroy it = they 're not true citizens = they side with people we hate and do n't consider equal = they 're like them = they 're below us = we have the right to kill them but it 's something religious extremists share too ( not true believes , not religious , deserve to go to hell , might as well send them there myself ) and far-left terrorists ( people are oppressors , they 're killing us , we have to kill them so we free ourselves and yadi yada ), 
  true , extremists kill people for not sharing their beliefs , happens to muslims who do not practice their religion to the letter or belong to the `` wrong '' branch of islam ( ie . 
  the `` other one '' ) , happened to those kids in norway because breivik thought they were traitors to their race or the country or whatever and probably happened to jo cox for the same reason . 
  as long as you think you 're right and everyone who disagrees with you is a threat to whatever you think you 're defending and they deserve to die , people are going to get killed . 
  depends how they look like , where they go and their luck . 
  in france most of my friends have had any problem ( whether they were non-white french citizens or foreigners ) and yet a chinese friend who came from abroad met that one guy who just had to be rude towards tourists on her first day here , there are assholes in every country , just got ta hope not to run into them . 
  it 's not that surprising , the brain is a master at deceiving itself and seems to care a whole lot about being ( appearing to be ) coherent . 
  i remember an interesting video about it on coursera , people who had received brain surgery ( left-side and right-side were either not connected or not fully connected , ca n't remember ) and while instructions were displayed to the left eye and received by the right-side of the brain , the left-side , responsible for idk , a mix of language / story-telling / interacting with the world , easily came up with an excuse as to why they suddenly needed to get up and go walk outside or grab an item , doing exactly as ordered but thinking ( and believing ) they came up with the decision themselves . 
  obviously it 's not as simple when the lives of innocent people is in the balance but it seems even more frightening that , by painting resistance fighters as terrorists ( despite fighting an invading army on their home turf ) and civilians as subhumans , you could make mass killings okay in people minds so easily . 
  interesting , thank you for finding a source about it . 
  i really thought they risked their lives disobeying orders like soviets soldiers were during battle or french soldiers suffering from ptsd who would n't go back to the frontlines and were executed as cowards in ww1 . 
  nazis have been so brutal towards civilians and ennemy soldiers it seems a bit weird they 'd simply allow you to leave . 
  i mean , death camps were somewhat of a secret for the public opinion and letting a soldier who had second thoughts about it go home seems risky ( maybe we 're underestimating peer pressure / propaganda or or maybe they only hired people who had proven they could stomach the killing of civilians / supported it in the first place ? 
  it would make more sense ), 
   there really is n't much `` productive '' stuff that could be done by him . 
  i meant `` productive '' as in `` cooperating with him '' rather than send him to a trial . 
  his testimony is important , he was a first-hand witness of what happened in those camps , he seems willing to talk about it , i suppose something productive would be a project centered around him and other people from that era writing a book with authorities , working for some commemorative events or even help the government convince holocaust deniers that this was unfortunately all too real . 
  i did n't ask for the old man to be sent to a labor camp , i doubt he 'd survive much effort anyway but you 're right , even if the trial feels weird , it probably means a lot to holocaust survivors . 
  well i 'd really like to think i would but honestly it 's easy to pretend we 'd be resistance fighters or we 'd give our life for a cause when we 're living in safety 70 years after it happened . 
  this is probably the most worrying thing about ww2 , that people who were n't monsters , who were like any of us at some point and who would have lived a perfectly normal life if not for the nazis were so easily convinced to participate in a genocide like that by a few people ( and the ones they convinced at first , etc ) reallly seems like it did n't take much and then you have to wonder , if you had been born in that country / era and had been surrounded by propaganda and supporters of the regime for years , would you have been able to fight against it ? 
  some people did it , it 's possible and it truly makes them exceptional people but yeah , truly a terrifying era . 
  not sure what to think of these trials . 
  it 's murders on an unthinkable scale so yeah , if you were part of the group and did n't oppose it ( though one could argue you 'd have been killed and replaced with someone who cooperate if you did n't ) , you 're not going to get away from it , even a few decades after . 
  but is jail really useful ? 
  he 's no threat to society , especially at his age , i wish we could force him to do something more ... productive ? 
  the trial was useful to get his testimony about what happened , the mindset of his fellow guards , the atrocities he witnessed , it 's great making sure he plays his role so that we never forget about it but he does n't seem to be more than a cog in a machine that swallowed millions . 
  but what do i know , right ? 
  maybe it actually helps some of the survivors get closure . 
  if they 're already there , it wo n't change much . 
  either they know about what 's going to happen and their job is to do something about or they do n't and saying that is useless . 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  brace for impact ? 
  true , and colonization was a dumb idea , does n't mean we have to follow dumber ideas . 
  the lack of integration was even worse , the right wanted cheap labour , the left easy votes , nobody did enough to integrate people willing to do so nor did anything against those who did n't . 
  to be fair , we already had our fair share of terrible people before mass immigration , we did n't wait for them to start killing each other and immigration can be positive but ... muslims ? 
  from countries where they are taught highly conservative religious values totally opposite to ours and where terrorist organizations train fighters for the express purpose of carrying out terrorist attacks on our soil ? 
  how 's that even remotely a good idea ? 
  we can help syrians and people from other warzones without letting them in europe , hell , it 's actually cheaper not to so we could help more people in camps that would have been in areas controlled by our coalition . 
  tbh , preventing mass immigration in the first place would have prevented his parents from getting there in the first place , it would have prevented the creation of communities where people live only with people from their faith and reject everything else ( inc. the law , their fellow citizens , people from other faiths , etc ) , it would have prevented the construction of mosque and religious schools where extremist `` teachers '' / `` scholars '' push naive people towards those extremist movements . 
  just because we failed to prevent immigration and are already suffering from it does n't mean we should n't stop now , it 'll only increase the amount of innocent who suffer ( even if most of them are n't and will never be a threat , is it acceptable to welcome them knowing some will ? 
  how many deaths are acceptable ? ), 
  with the left splitting in two ( socialist left , liberal left ) and the right already being split in two ( liberal right , far-right ) , a very low participation rate ( no politician is liked and yet they refuse to leave so people just stop caring about it , they 're all pretty much the same anyway and wo n't do any of the things they promise during their campaign ) and the inability of our politicians to form a coalition ( hell , they even vote against projects they try to push themselves a few years ago just so the government ca n't `` score a win '' before the elections or just because it 's someone from another party pushing it this time around ) ... well , i ca n't imagine a president starting his mandate above 25 % approval rating . 
  you have people who did n't bother to vote because they hate them all , your political opponents , people who voted for you because they hate you less than they hate your opponents and it turns out nobody likes you really much ... 
  at this point , he ca n't really fall much lower . 
  i mean , if you 're still supporting him in 2016 , nothing will ever change your mind . 
  it was a stupid thing to say though , there 's no way to defend that : you 're free to live as an homosexual , you should n't have to fear for your life but `` choosing '' one 's sexual orientation is actually everything is government has been officially fighting against , their mistake is litterally saying what their most extreme opponents have been saying for years ... 
  if they are actually harassed and not just controlled by different policemen investigating different problems in different parts of the city then that 's another problem . 
  if the same policeman controlled my papers every single day ( like that black dude in america who lost his job because of it a few months ago and kept being called to court over and over for basically no reason ) and i 've proved i had done nothing wrong and he knew that , that 's harassment , there are laws against that though i doubt the law does anything to apply them . 
  yeah i mean you 're looking for people stirring up trouble in the town center or selling drugs , you 're not going to control every 85y/o lady you come across when you know who likely did it because you already arrested them for it 10 times during the year . 
  somehow i have trouble imagining sleepy-head jean-marc ayraul intensifying anything , dude can hardly keep his eyes open , probably even signed the nantes airport half-asleep and does n't want to back down because that 'd be too much paperwork . 
  yeah , debt is good if you expect a good return on investment or want to avoid an even bigger debt later down the road ( eg . 
  not spending money on maintaining infrastructure now and losing the whole structure or having a terrible accident that costs millions because your railway maintenance is shit ) . 
  it obviously does n't mean we should invest in every pet project our politicians want in their region to solidify their re-election . 
  which competition was it when turkey kept scoring and winning at the very last minute ? 
  was it in south africa ? 
  i remember people loved turkey for that , they knew how to make an entertaining match . 
  sounds like a pessimist pretending to have an ounce of optimism left :p, 
  yeah , a 56 years-old child plotting against his parents to murder people . 
  you can kick the child out of the house if he starts going around threatening people or trying to turn the family members one against another though . 
  unless he knew it would get him in trouble with her or their acquantainces . 
  i mean we already know lots of people do n't say they 're going to vote for the far-right in the elections if asked on the phone and polling organizations often guess-timate the actual percentage of voters based on that ( usually higher than their results ) . 
  a bit less true now that the far-right has done a lot of work trying to appear `` normal '' and get rid of the most extremist / vocals members of their party but it 's a rather well-known aspect of political polls . 
  historically it makes sense , the far-right only grows as far as the left 's incompetence allows it to so actions like this one are n't unexpected . 
  yet , in the end , when they decide to target innocent people who have not attacked anything , no matter whether or not you think they should be allowed to live here or sent back home if they 're foreigners , when they decide to pull the trigger , they have no one to blame for this madness but themselves . 
  the terrorist cell in brussels [ was planning to attack it ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/11/brussels-terror-cell-planned-to-attack-euro-2016-tournament ) , some dude [ they arrested in paris region also apparently targeted the euro but i ca n't find a source in english ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/police-justice/article/2016/03/30/projet-d-attentat-en-france-le-principal-suspect-reda-kriket-mis-en-examen_4892648_1653578.html ) , now this dude wanted to target it too . 
  seems like a lot of people wanted to attack the euro 2016 for various reasons . 
  now , the only ones we 're aware of are the ones who got arrested or put in such a delicate situation that they changed targets and attacked brussels but it does seem like a assholes magnet . 
  probably due to the sheer size of our law books . 
  we do n't change stuff , we just add stuff on top of other stuff and it 's written in ways the average person will never bother to read it . 
  i suppose people either did n't know about it even at the time of the revolution and the matter was only brought up long after we stopped caring about it or we just never got around to get rid of it . 
  there are groups of people where this is more common than in others though , groups that protect or try to justify those things ( a small elite amongst the british media and politicians , the muslim community in rotherham , the clergy in the catholic church , etc ) and once these large-scale scandals are uncovered , whoever knew about it and did n't act deserves all the blame they can get . 
  probably not but this is something our politicians understand very well , as long as our daily lives are n't affected ( or in ways that we do n't realize it ) , they have no reason to change . 
  whoever is in power loses first turn of the presidential elections , the fn and the main opposition go against each other in the second turn , the fn loses as they have supporters from 2 other parties against them , the opposition takes over , they disappoint us and proceed to lose all the meaningless elections during 5 years , and we go back to square one . 
  people are n't really fond of powerful old british politicians though . 
  we can be prejudiced against more than one group of people at a time . 
  you can have dysfunctional countries . 
  as long as people are able to find a home and a job for themselves and their family , they wo n't be bother to rise up against government , no matter how stupid it is , we 'd lose a lot and then ... what ? 
  who 's going to replace them ? 
  yet another incompetent leader ? 
  look at france , our president is at 15 % approval rating and most of his opponents are n't even that much higher , hovering around 20-25 % , we do n't vote * for * someone , we vote * against * someone who disappointed us so we can replace it with the next in line who 'll disappoint us even more ... as long as they do n't damage the country too much , people do n't care . 
  at least they 're playing for the country of their grandparents and a country they have ties with ( whether it 's cultural or because they have dual nationality ) , i can understand why they 'd do it if they ca n't join germany 's team . 
  at least it 's not as stupid as qatar 's handball team buying players from all over the world and have nothing but foreigners except one random dude on the bench then paying fake supporters to cheer on them in a competition that has been only been hosted in qatar because they threw money at the organizers . 
  makes a whole lot of people not think straight on many issues ( putting migrants in camp while they 're being investigated = they 're being put in extermination camps ; anyone who disagrees with a jewish public figure = hates all jews for being jews and is a nazi ; calling the police on someone who 's planning a crime = is a nazi collaborator who rats out his fellow citizens to the ennemy ) . 
  i wish we 'd stop using `` this reminds of us of the darkest hours of our history '' as the laziest way to oppose a law we disagree with . 
  not sure if they 're like the slaves of old times ( having no rights , being bought and sold like merchandise , being treated like animals ) or living in slave-like conditions . 
  i remember hearing about a couple of old people in france who had a `` slave '' . 
  they did n't buy her but she was desperately looking for a job and they used that against her , confiscating her passport , underpaid her , treating her like shit , forcing her to never leave the house and telling her that if she went for the police , she 'd be kicked out of the country and lose everything .
