  yeah , every election , and i doubt it 'll ever change . 
  come back when you 're sober . 
  btw i 'm not a christian , try harder, 
  go back to tumblr, 
  if blacks accuse whites of `` cultural appropriation '' they should stop using - electricity - english language - western clothes - cars - computers - phones - schools - bicycles - television - internet and many , many more, 
  krakow is a great city to live and its beautiful , but you want a simple life , and krakow is pretty big , and it 's the most popular tourist destination of poland, 
  i think poland will be ideal for you, 
  european influences you mean hordes of muslims and love for deviants ? 
  thanks but no . 
  maybe not disagree , but in polish wikipedia miko\u0142aj kopernik is a `` polish astronomer '' and in english he 's a `` renaissance astronomer '', 
  in the 90s and early 2000s polish comedies were great . 
  never . 
  but we could conquer them , nort africa is rightful european clay after all xd, 
  would it include estonia ? 
  they are a terrorist group and should be jailed, 
  [ all bandits - polec\u0105 z\u0119by ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pi5caefhu_s ), 
  they 're everywhere in poland too . 
  adults smoke e-cigarettes because it 's cheaper and healthier , and teenagers because it 's cool . 
   in the europe of today that needs to keep so many different nations and cultures together , nationalism is not a good thing . 
  what about pan-european nationalism ? 
  they are respected . 
  in middle school i was taught that they were the heroes of europe and christianity, 
  being unpatriotic, 
  yeah , but nazi is the short of german nationalsozialismus , why would a non-german person use it ? 
  germany was the first national-socialist country , but that does n't mean only germans can be national-socialist . 
  that 's why they call themselves national socialists , not nazis, 
  you know that german national socialism is n't the only national socialism ? 
  not very common , most of our nationalists are national-democrats, 
  yeah , some of my friends are national socialists , some are fascist etc. 
  yeah , i was born in a hospital so i 'm a doctor xd, 
  they know they 're not european , and never will be european . 
  they 're just loyal to their culture . 
  and their culture is our enemy . 
  you mean young muslims living in europe ? 
  just like other countries . 
  they 're just small xd, 
  yea , they sent 2 helicopters and 5 men with guns, 
  oh my god i have to watch american advertisements on tv and there 's mcdonald across the street !, 
  i hate the us now . 
  they 're fighting against the iraqi and syrian government , and against kurds . 
  that 's not the entire world . 
  yes :d, 
  germans are the biggest pussies ( well maybe after swedes ) i 'm not scared . 
  they 're not doing any shit against us, 
  us is our ally , we wo n't sanction it . 
  ever . 
  get over it, 
  / r/europe is one of the most left-wing subreddits , you really want something more leftist ? 
  try / r/fullcommunism or / r/pyongyang, 
  what 's your point ? 
  i never said that nazis did n't want to kill us . 
  no , but you should be proud of fighting almost alone against the entire world for a few years . 
  last time i was in italy i bought a bottle of wine with mussolini 's face on it . 
  i love how italians are proud and not scared of their history , unlike germans , who start crying and apologizing as soon as they see a swastika . 
  you have to understand that it 's not about morality . 
  we support usa because they 're our allies and it 's profitable for us , i do n't care if they 're good or bad . 
   there is only one culture : human culture xddd, 
  europe has to remain european , otherwise our world will collapse . 
  henri de valois , he dressed like a woman and escaped from poland when he found out that he had inherited the throne of france, 
  aww , i do n't want autonomous cars , i love driving ; _ ;, 
  the 2nd republic got support from the ussr , mexico and volunteers from the entire world . 
  we liked americans very much before trump , and after trump we like them even more ;d, 
  there 's also a world outside of reddit . 
  if he was hated by the majority , he would n't have won, 
  hard to find a good photo of my hometown because it 's pretty small , but this one looks cool . 
  make it fucking hard to get accepted into a university . 
  nowadays every retard is studying . 
   trump  hated by the majority lol, 
  well , he 's right , you did beat islam in 1492 and communism in 1939, 
  so what is your understanding of cosmopolitanism ? 
   every country has done that since they came into existence . 
  but not as fiercely as europeans now . 
  i was in western europe many times and all big cities looked the same , only small towns and villages were beautiful and had `` souls '' . 
  cosmopolitan nightmare . 
  being cosmopolitan means that you do n't have your own culture ( or you hate your own culture ) so you have to import other nations ' culture and values . 
  til cosmopolitanism is a good thing, 
  macedonia, 
  i liked the us before trump , now i love them ;d, 
  i ca n't understand british accent ,, 
  if you do n't like it here , you can always go to syria . 
  btw , / r/europe is one of the most left-wing subreddits on this site, 
  race war, 
  how the fuck is the second point beneficial ? 
  are you fucked up ? 
  go back to tumblr, 
  most poles are right-wing, 
  black people come from africa , you ca n't be black and european , just like you ca n't be white and asian, 
  why would they ? 
  i want to live in australia now , lol, 
   iran i wanted to say something , but i do n't even have to , lol, 
  i love finland, 
  i do n't understand why people are downvoting you . 
  right-wing government, 
  europe is like 95 % white , america only 64 %, 
  no , i do n't care about some middle eastern shitholes . 
  americans can do whatever they want in the middle east . 
  white women do n't like chinks in general, 
  i 'm not actually anti-jewish , there were many jews in fascist italy 's government and i kind of support israel . 
  and i 'm a fascist because i believe that fascism could make europe stronger and save our culture . 
  europeans make less than 10 % of world population , we ca n't be weak .
