  overzealous tolerance and black/muslim immigration will destroy us . 
  i 'm a fascist and i do n't like our government , they 're not fascist , they 're social-democrats and populists . 
  nobody in poland considers them fascist , not even the kod they 're not even far-right , let alone fascist . 
  how could they lose the war if everyone loved and supported them ? 
  most people on reddit ( especially on / r/europe ) are commie-loving leftards , their political views have nothing to do with real life . 
  yeah , and we literally want to kill 6 million jews . 
   pis  alt-far right i wonder when they will be called `` neo-nazi totalitarian fascist fundamentalists '' they 're not even far-right and you all are acting like they were the new nazis . 
  and no , i do n't support them . 
  you 're both using the word `` fascist '' like it was an insult , funny, 
  even though they massacred christians and people who disagreed with them ? 
  edgy, 
  i think that europe should be traditionally christian but without believing in a god . 
  ok , we know that franco is hated in spain , but what about the commies and anarchists who fought against him ? 
  what do you think about them ? 
  hofer lost, 
  whatever , european culture will be black/arabic culture in 50 years, 
  that 's nice , it 's always good to know and appreciate european cultures , i think that all europeans are brothers and we should know more about other european countries . 
  if you voted for trump then i invite you to poland :3 . 
  if not , do n't come to europe pls . 
  that 's why you have eu 's flag instead of your country 's flag on your profile , lol, 
   the planet and a united humanity would be a far better thing to improve and strive for than only one arbitrary country . 
  that 's an utopia . 
  i prefer something that is possible to accomplish , like united europe for example , or united western world . 
  that would be much better than united humanity , i do n't care about people who are n't european/western , why should i unite with them ? 
  we do n't have anything in common . 
  it is special to me and my compatriots , i love this land and i want to live here and improve it . 
  it is beautiful to improve you country together with your people and fight for what is yours . 
  i ca n't really respect people who do n't care about their land . 
  i know my history , nationalism is the reason my country exists . 
  `` it is about seeing your country as already being so good that improvement is n't needed . 
  it 's about seeing it as superior to other countries '' you read too many tumblr comics, 
  nationalism is not `` awful , hateful and destructive '' . 
  it 's a beautiful idea to love you nation , fight for your people and improve your country . 
  yeah it is, 
  any sport that we 're good at . 
  for example , if polish national team is doing great in let 's say handball , then everyone is a handball fan, 
  15 and 20 % is actually very high, 
  the only thing europeans gain from multiculturalism is foreign food , but we do n't need millions of foreigners to make kebab , we can make it ourselves , lol . 
  no , i think we should keep europe european, 
  nuke it, 
  shitting on the streets, 
  why would i be ? 
  im proud as fuck, 
  you prime minister is fucked up, 
   communist party do you have a nazi party in austria too ? 
  edgy, 
  did someone suspend your brain ? 
  before you elected trump i liked you , now i love you :3, 
  there 's nothing wrong with being conservative . 
  unfortunately , probably not, 
  chauvinism * and it did n't start any world war , it was just one of many factors . 
  nothing wrong with being nationalistic , 
  i was against this war , but not because of some arabic barbarians , i just did n't want our troops to die . 
  besides , war is an expensive buisness . 
  uk , ireland , australia , usa , canada , new zealand , south africa . 
  i understand british people . 
  i know how poles behave abroad , so i believe that most of them deserved it . 
  also `` native brits who are of foreign origin '' they are n't native if they are of foreign origin, 
  i like him , he 's a true patriot and cares for his country . 
  geyrope is sometimes used in poland , but not by russian trolls xd, 
  wo\u0142y\u0144 massacre is now a very popular topic in poland . 
  before the russian-ukrainian war only nationalists and historians knew about it , and no one really talked about it publicly . 
  pure coincidence i guess ... 
  yeah , nobody wants your culture here . 
  `` while also trying to preserve my traditions and apply them whenever possible '' no , you 're not inegrated . 
  fuck , i really loved magic school bus, 
  we watched it in grade school sometimes, 
  commonwealth stronk, 
  i wish we were like americans . 
  i prefer people who are dishonestly friendly than honestly unfriendly . 
  i like it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdalrxsf_j4, 
  same in polish , it should be `` dok\u0105d idziesz '' but everyone just says `` gdzie idziesz '', 
  what 's wrong with being a trump supporter ? 
  blah blah blah fuck the police blah blah legalize it blah blah only god can judge me, 
  polish girls are easy as hell ( especially if you 're a foreigner ) and not that ugly . 
  nationalism , safety , low cost of living , no political corectness, 
  same in poland, 
  not really , we hate communists , not russians . 
  not here, 
  90 kilometres it 's actually a long distance in europe i guess xd, 
  actually , ee countries are one of the most happy with the eu, 
  `` holocaust denial is illegal '' same in poland . 
  i 'm in no way a holocaust denier but that 's kinda fucked up . 
  i think it 's nice to have a person that unites the nation , but i do n't really like the idea of monarchy . 
  i do n't . 
  only little kids who watch too much american movies do . 
  no , it means exactly that the republic of poland belongs to all citizens :p, 
  our constitution 's preamble is beautiful , 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  poland 2 . 
  west slavs 3 . 
  other slavs 4 . 
  western world i guess, 
  why ca n't i downvote this shit xd ? 
  edit nevermind , i just had to subscribe, 
  multi culturalism, 
  `` i 'm worried about the condition of polish democracy '', 
  shower xd, 
  no , but i envy you for your nationalism, 
  no , i 'm polish .
