great nationalist and a great leader . 
  why would we even consider destroying our only barrier that keeps africans away from us ? 
  atheist here, 
  i 'm an atheist and i support pan-european nationalism . 
  i 'm more like a fascist than a nazi . 
  of course not many people are going to defend him openly , at least not in a country where antifa can burn your car if they decide that you 're supporting the right-wing . 
  ok i will try again . 
  yes , i do support franco , no , i do n't think he was perfect . 
  i never wanted to justify him , he did a lot of bad things and made shitty decisions , but he was still better than the reds, 
  do n't you think the commies and anarchists would have set back the economy behind too ? 
  and it 's nationalism , not chauvinism . 
  since when it 's edgy to support franco ? 
   historic u-turn lol , it 's just status quo, 
  then the spanish civil war happened because the republicans came to power, 
  yeah , and the wwii would n't have happened if the allies did n't fight the nazis . 
  swag, 
  i miss the good ol' times , lol https://youtu.be/hg7zb2znvqe?t=42s, 
  no idea , lol, 
  polish, 
   lmao , you do n't even attempt to deny it either . 
  why should i deny my political views ? 
  and no , i 'm not a nazi because i do n't believe in socialism , and i 'm against brother wars between europeans, 
  lekkie nieporozumienie xd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfy2pgophxe&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=7m54s o to mi chodzi\u0142o, 
  i 'm not talking about those soldiers on the video lol . 
  they are russian . 
  hero ? 
  lol , i hate nazis too , but i hate commies more than anything . 
  thanks for inviting our troops bros :d, 
  they also have the right to not give away their land to whoever wants it . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do you want to give independence to everyone who shouts fuck x country , we 're independent ? 
  the so called `` novorossians '' are just a bunch of bandits and terrorists . 
  do you support terrorism ? 
  the less imams we have in europe , the better, 
  there 's no such thing as `` new russia '', 
   there was no communism in eastern europe or ussr http://imgur.com/a/kmyws, 
  oh god what a bullshit, 
  that 's why he was allied with some slavic nations ? 
  because he hates slavs ? 
  lol, 
  no , i 'm not ignorant , i just know history, 
  he wanted to kill us because we were against him , not because we were polish . 
  it 's just politics . 
  hitler wanted to have friendly relations with poland , but our government fucked up everything . 
  yeah , they made us a puppet state after killing hundreds of thousands of our people . 
  and what about other countries ? 
  china , mongolia , cambodia , ukraine , north korea , vietnam etc ? 
  `` i ca n't live anymore , they 've done me . 
  auschwitz was just a child 's play '' - witold pilecki after communist `` interrogation '', 
  what ? 
  i 'm sure it will pay off ^ ^ ^ lol, 
  i would n't fight for europe, 
  that 's good . 
  everyone knows that nazism was bad , but not everyone knows that communism was much worse, 
  nazism , not fascism, 
  stalinism ? 
  are you afraid to say communism ? 
  then it should be hitlerism not nazism, 
  edgy, 
  i 'm a nationalist myself , but most of polish nationalists are stupid fucking idiots , football hooligans and criminals . 
  sorry ukrainian bros, 
  no , terror attacks in france are common , military coups in turkey are not that common . 
  it 's done guys , we 've lost ; _ ;, 
  if you 're american then it 's cheap as fuck . 
  i 've never rent a car but i think it 's not expensive . 
  where do you live ? 
  you can go to poland or czechia , we have some big events too and we 're safe . 
  `` revenge for aleppo '' i think you are talking about the assasination of russian ambassador in turkey, 
  the car was polish, 
  you know , it is a possibility ... 
  yeah , we are :3 but i prefer `` nationalist '' than `` alt-right '', 
  i do n't hate gays but it 's really annoying . 
  sometimes this subreddit looks more like / r/lgbt than / r/europe, 
  since when europe = social democracy ? 
  fuck that , i do n't want that `` hope '', 
  edgy, 
  that 's too bad, 
  yeah , it was one of our values . 
  we were strong when we were conquering our neigbours . 
  we lost all of our power when our nobles started fighting against each other . 
  how often ? 
  3 times ? 
  european values are conquest , knowledge and strength . 
  our ancestors proved that . 
  tolerance , openmindedness and other bullshit are 21st century things . 
  nice , i 've always loved our old religion, 
  we 've never had a war with a fascist country . 
  national socialism is not fascism . 
  and ? 
  nice, 
  the occident is finally waking up, 
  no , we love our flag, 
  because usa is our ally and we do n't give a fuck about the middle east . 
  cruel , i know , but diplomacy is not always moral, 
  sjws fortunately do n't exist in my country, 
  so it would be better to destroy our relationships with usa because their banned some towelheads ? 
  no , i think our government should strenghten our relationship with america, 
  no , i love this dude, 
  probably porn magazines, 
  muslims and africans , sometimes western europeans,
