  europe, 
  try balkans, 
  wow finland chill out , 
  so what, 
  wooo hooo pumped up for work day, 
  solidno pijan, 
  it looks cool , but its going to suck ass probably, 
  this is stupid, 
  since independence 1990, 
  fuck i need to go to work this game is awesome :(, 
  what ? 
  jebanje, 
  it isnt really a film for big american audience i think ... 
  kramaric should have done it worse, 
  what a shit crosses from united, 
  american police wtf, 
  it has been said million times , but this ranking is stupid af, 
  that is a disgusting room, 
  certainly looks english, 
  people are so stupid, 
  edit : srbi pardon, 
  hahahhahaha we are shit :(, 
  hahah the look on fellaini face, 
  same in croatia, 
  its going to be awesome game in barcelona, 
  i dont like his celebration with that teenage girl heart with hands shit, 
  i dont know who the fuck is enslaved in croatia , i hate these kind of maps , oh we ll just put eastern europe darker, 
  its fucking everywhere , and where do people who are enslaved go ? 
  usa , uk , germany ... . . 
  he is like fucking ronaldo + bale for one or two games , than shit for 3-4 games, 
  hahah ovaj je legenda, 
  stupid fat american, 
  shit map once again, 
  kad si ti to vidio bolje dane ? 
  this is the stupidest shit i have seen today, 
  oh cmon mandzo is really great but kuyt was also a fucking machine , 
  family friendly, 
  i liked this , 
  wait you can play for u23 if you are 30 ? 
  wtf, 
  no its not, 
  i have cancer now, 
  is this guy complete douchebag or he just looks like one ? 
  scratch my ass, 
  jesus fucking christ our lord and saviour come from the heavens please, 
  stfu, 
  disgusting stupid people, 
  haha you are racist, 
  10 thousand people on each side can make a preety good atmosphere i think, 
  well thats shit, 
  pojebi nesto ... ili izdrkaj bar, 
  kako si ? 
  i didnt know , fuck it, 
  he is 16 wtf , guaranteed hes gon na be shit , jesus fucking christ amount of pressure and all of that money on 16 years old mind, 
  you just remembered me , i work in tv sports production , and we were on croatian cup game , dinamo vs bjelovar ( lower tier club ) , and after the game i see mamic with like 5 big guards around him going into referees changing room , why would he need go there i dont know, 
  ajax ? 
  you sure you are liverpool fan ? 
  omg they are gon na kill man utd, 
  so he is basically iron man with that suit, 
  or maybe he is just a piece of shit, 
  winner, 
  i just watched it ... jesus fucking christ what a film this is ... 10/10, 
  sick shit, 
  stupid americans, 
  odi kod dilera po speeda, 
  no way , they have cocaine supervillain ??? 
  this makes mi dizzy, 
  i just rewatched first movie and its perfect cool masterpiece with unique atmosphere , now half way int the second movie i am just sad and annoyed it kind of ruines the first one, 
  op what movie shuld i watch next ? 
  already watched it :(, 
  that is a great possibility, 
  the biggest cunt in tv history, 
  his youtube name is princ of the universe haha, 
  americans would upvote if you put pulisics shitting, 
  americans win over trinidad , calm down , you are still shit, 
  hahah burn, 
  shhhhhh, 
  prosinecki would drink , smoke and not give a fuck ... too bad cause he was one of the best dribblers, 
  computers in pockets, 
  something like that yeah ... hey is gazza alive ? 
  my assumption from this is :, 
  this map is bullshit, 
  shit map, 
  who the fuck taught this is gon na be a good film ? 
  this is going to be piece of crap, 
  ukurac, 
  wtf, 
  why is this shit upvoted ? 
  he is 18 for fucks sake , chances of him being shit are preety high, 
  welcome, 
  city of god ( brazil ), 
  no i just hate promotion of posts with average goals because there is pulisic name in there, 
  it is generic piece of hollywood crap, 
  oh cmon ... stop with this shit news, 
  this is a shit cup, 
  droga, 
  copying comment from youtube ? 
  you are sad, 
  lovrens testimony should have been after modric , but mamic made a show on trial and it was canceled , so next day lovrens flat in zagreb gets robbed and day after he was seen with son of mamic on lunch talking of wh knows what ... very shady shit, 
  who knows man ... too much money in the game,
