those who use metric system and stupid fat americans , 
  and coatia too, 
  wtf are other nations ? 
  this one is better https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwt1dvayly4, 
  well . . you are alone in that room my friend, 
  good game , liverpool will win, 
  balotelli in please, 
  holy shit, 
  bony is the beast, 
  holy shit, 
  this miss from aguero perfectly sums up man city game today, 
  i ca n't believe that creatures like this actually exists, 
  this map is crap, 
  i get scared going through europe with joint , i cant imagine how it is with 50kg of fucking cocaine o.o, 
  this is something that my grandpa would say ... grandpa joke should be subreddit xd, 
  why ? 
  i found it !!, 
  cool story bro, 
  when modri\u0107 comes back everyone will be happy again , 
  some crazy shit in premier league, 
  cause they play like bunch of pussies, 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's fucking cool as fucking shit fuck motherfucker fuck fuck you fucker, 
  i live on pag island , one thing i can tell you is that you are going to have great time ... crazy things happening on beach zr\u0107e ... . 
  one of the ears on dumbo, 
  try croatian league, 
  this is from saturday derby hajduk vs dinamo, 
  this is ronaldo goal, 
  interstellar , cool movie bro, 
  i do n't understand hate on the remake , it 's great movie , top ten for me because i will allways remember that little fucked up film, 
  cool story bro, 
  you are already old , 
  why is n't liverpool on the list ? 
  hahahaah, 
  tito, 
  lowenbrau od 2 litre u plasticnoj boci, 
  idiot, 
  this made me puke, 
  hahahahah title made me laugh, 
  they are going to be unstoppable ... think about it ... fucking messi , neymar and suarez ... it 's like me creating imagionary club on fifa and naming it holy shit jesus lord fc, 
  penis joke passing by, 
  why lovren ? 
  why not 0, 
  well you are what you think you are ... sooo stop being a bitch and go !, 
  hahahahaah a bird shit in his mouth, 
  lpt : invite them in your house , give them cookies , be creepy nice , put some psycho music in background ( prodigy ) , go to the bathroom , take ketchup with you , cover yourself with ketchup fake blood , go back and tell them that you love satan and jesus equaly ... 
  what a sad little midget, 
  tica, 
  as experienced internet commentator this is completly false ... you post what you want without thinking . . 
  nothing can go wrong ... trust me ... 
  albino zimbabwean scoring a goal from corner flag ... i saw it all, 
  funny looking players, 
  thank you for this awesome nonsence , 
  it 's going to be awesome second half, 
  bob marley -- three little birds, 
  in world cup against croatia he dives like a little bitch , referee points on penalty, 
  sweet dreams, 
  no you did not, 
  liverpool schedule ? 
  please, 
  hahahah last one made me laugh ... ... . . thank you, 
  glad to hear story like this , 
  niko the legend , transfer from dinamo zagreb , when he was their biggest talent , to hajduk hahaha good times, 
  this is unreal, 
  josip simuni\u0107 gets 3 yellow cards then a red in fucking world cup , playing for croatia against australia, 
  started reading and began singing this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pu0cdtzk6o, 
  ma jebe mi se, 
  yeah , me too ... now we have to wait 4 weeks . 
  life is shit . 
  key word mental ... celtic fans are having fun ... here its serious business ... 
  this sounds like an advice for hookers, 
  daleka obala -- morska vila https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uaj0yzufmq, 
  birth of satan ? 
  he didnt see that coming o.o, 
  he is preety wasted in this video, 
  well fuck you jackie, 
  hahahaha this, 
  o drozi, 
  too much stupid cops is out there, 
  our league is a joke , lot of shady people involved, 
  dont try too hard, 
  rakija festival every day, 
  you think there is so many cringeworthy moments because you give them too much attention ... i had the same problem , but i started to just not give a fuck , 
  ajmooooooooooo, 
  hhahaah this is me right now ... 
  i am not alone, 
  midfielder in bolivian squad is called pablo escobar , 
  isis krist, 
  pulp fiction, 
  cool, 
  it says read the fucking title, 
  just walk around, 
  just be careful, 
  bok, 
  just come to the zr\u0107e and there will be tickets for sure, 
  oooooohhhhhhhh, 
  years supply of cocaine, 
  thanks for the idea, 
  90 % absinthe , 9 % black currrant , 1 % roofie, 
  it 's weed not heroin , chill you bitch, 
  [ laurent garnier the man with the red face ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzvl11gphww ),
