  volcanos are like giant zits, 
  lolek and bolek was popular in croatia when i was a kid, 
  isus, 
  son of a, 
  arsen deadi\u0107, 
  kucka in croatian means bitch lol, 
  hahaha totalni kokain, 
  your father, 
  i stopped giving a flying fuck, 
  sick, 
  i guess not all of them , but really why so many stupid people join the police, 
  brijem da sam i ja lagani terorist, 
  boycott !, 
  ne kontam, 
  i just read that there will be 5000 ( ?! ), 
  dinamo fans there ... its going to be ineresting to see that chaos, 
  just google him, 
  stupid americans, 
  stupid world, 
  stupid americans, 
  spidara je po sto, 
  metastaze - four young junkies in zagreb maturing in the wake of war reflect the petty hatreds , violence , prejudices and mood hanging over the country like a disease that spreads with no cure in sight . 
  this is youtube version with english subtitles, 
  well fuck you, 
  motherfucker, 
  yeah i dont understand it ... people are shitty on the internet, 
  fun fact : in 2005 he was in sarajevo ( bosnia and herzegovina ) club \u017deljezni\u010dar on trial for a month and they tell him to fuck off because he wasnt good for them ... link in croatian, 
  gay italian ... no surprise there, 
  joke, 
  3 year old doing this ... 
  there is some talent here ... 
  cute as fuck, 
  thanks ... tonight we are good ... friday and saturday are the problem ... 
  cool thank you, 
  its full :-(, 
  thank you man ... . we found something already ... . its fucking hard to find a room in dublin, 
  yeah weather is really good for past three days , i dont know what everybody is talking about xd, 
  di je maminjo ? 
  sad je u \u0111iru farma jagoda , 9 jbnih $ po satu ... brutala, 
  picko, 
  the god of mastrubating , mastrubetheus, 
  you should draw it . 
  i think i would . 
  i zeus, 
  tako je , to ce se 100 % dogodit ... boktejebo svi neki nostradamusi ... 
  i ja serem da ti seres ... seresepction, 
  i am 22 ... 
  so i guess no ... . fuckit , today is a good day , 
  haha , 
  i dont know about this , its like when you have a headache and google tells you that you have brain tumor, 
  nobody gives a fuck about steve jobs america, 
  everything . 
  guns should be gone ... i mean like really gone ... everywhere . . 
  i like my fantasy world , 
  go for a pint, 
  this is little creepy, 
  i just watched it ... 
  awesome movie, 
  blood sugar sex magik by the rhcp, 
  shut up stupid american, 
  or north korea generally, 
  yeah its awesome , 
  yes  i have this diabolical ideas and one day man ... one day ... . 
  its from a independent johnnie walker commercial ... youtube . . 
  sounds like an adventure !, 
  i dont get it ... why would someone pay like 40 fucking millions for a slight above average player ... fucking liverpool , i love this club , but man its ridicolous, 
  30 mil pounds , same shit different package, 
  30 mil pounds , same shit different package, 
  dead ? 
  pokemon, 
  i hate this genres ... like wtf is post hardcore alt rock ... its just pretentious bullshitting i think, 
  its awesome in the beginning ... after 3 years having fun with it its just meh ... 
  trainspotting, 
  yeah my friend wants some too, 
  fuck you bot, 
  sexy, 
  vegetables, 
  nothing ... 
  but you never know what you can end up having inside, 
  trainspotting, 
  prodigy - breathe, 
  that sounds really cool , but my girlfriend is in dublin later in march ... so if you change your plans let me know , 
  flying, 
  i dont know man ... few days ago was riding a bike almost got hit by van hahah, 
  james bond, 
  now i feel sorry for pedophiles ... fucking reddit, 
  u dublinu, 
  bljaeak, 
  patrick bateman the american psycho ... 
  cool b - ), 
  yes it is, 
  haha dobra, 
  outside, 
  they are just this business project of fucking lunatic zdravko mamic , his brother is coach , his son is manager to some players , seriously what the fuck ... no more than 500 people on their games , and they play on the ugliest stadium in the world , they also have dinamo 2 in league ( club is called lokomotiva ) where all players come from dinamo or they are going to play in dinamo ... 
  there is too much to write ... 
  they were arrested , bail was couple of millions and now they are free lol, 
  true romance, 
  nazi leader, 
  what ? 
  snima se trainspotting 2 sa cijelom originalnom postavom fakjea,
