  if i were you i would n't use data before the 15th , because yes , you will have to buy a new sim card in every country to get the cheapest price . 
  wherever you are on the 15th , you can buy a sim card ( prepaid , of course ) with the cheapest $ / mb and use it everywhere . 
  they ca n't change the price until the end of your contract . 
  at that point , you can choose the cheapest contract available to you . 
  although i must say : that sounds like a great contract . 
  your comment is misleading . 
  no operator is obliged to offer you a data contract , but if you have one , or getting one , it 's valid in the whole eu . 
  if you pay for data in your contract , and the provider disables roaming , you can contact them about that or nullify your contract . 
  if you check the website of the european union , you will see that roaming charges for data can be applied after a certain limit if you have an unlimited data contract . 
  for 99.99 % + of the people , this has no effect . 
  is croatia in the eu ? 
  -- yes --  it applies . 
  top kek , savage . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  you 'll have to explain a bit more about that , maybe with an example , because i do n't understand it . 
  you are adding to the confusion though . 
  i know prices in switzerland are high , but $ 60 for 3mb sounds wrong to me . 
  i sure hope you meant $ 60 for 3gb . 
  that 's what they did yeah , they said `` fuck that . '', 
  starting june 15th , packages transfer to other countries . 
  did n't you read the law we are talking about ? 
  indeed , it is n't ( not yet at least ) . 
  but spain is more than 40 % unemployment and 200 % national debt . 
  it is part of the eu . 
  spain is part of the eu . 
  if the provider notices you do n't live there , they can charge roaming fees anyway . 
  so sure , you can buy one and use it in the eu outside romania , but they are allowed to.monitor your behaviour and at some point , charge roaming fees for not keeping with the fair use policy . 
  you ca n't possibly know that , maybe the next crisis is the dollar collapsing because trump made stupid economic decisions . 
  then the euro would do better than the dollar . 
  do you have roads there ? 
  not that much good news from the uk recently right . 
  there has been some good news a few months ago , with the release of planet earth 2 for example . 
  it 'll be spain by then . 
  * woosh *, 
  a prepaid sim card with the lowest $ / mb . 
  and since this technically only applies to people living in eu member states , you could have a problem there . 
  but you can always try . 
  charging people 12 euros for a 4 minute phone call has nothing to do with flexibility in price . 
  while i agree that price control should be carefully looked at , and for example price caps should grow with inflation etc. , i do n't think that is the issue here . 
  the issue is telecom providers charging ridiculous amounts , and they all do it because everyone else is doing it , like a silent cartel . 
  that is not allowed if you do n't live in romania . 
  that 's the thing with law , if they break it with a plan like that , they will be punished . 
  this is not some sort of guideline from the eu , it 's a law . 
  since it 's the flag of europe , the number of eu member states never had anything to do with it . 
  yeah , because they would n't have money . 
  yes that is true , they lied to get into the euro , which is exceptionally stupid . 
  both sides are to blame there i think , greece for lying and the eu for believing them . 
  however , devalueing the shit out of your currency is n't the way to revive a country i think . 
  there is a fundamental problem , not just the economy . 
  i would n't say that , greece 's economy was completely destroyed after the hyperinflation in wwii . 
  after that , a civil war . 
  not a great start . 
  if anything , the eu made sure greece did n't completely collapse after the oil crisis in the 80s and the debt crisis in 2008 , with huge sums of money . 
  i can assure you , if they did n't loan the money ( which will probably be forgiven or at least relaxed at some point ) greece would be bankrupt right now . 
  note that they could have said ` no ' to this , as a sovereign state . 
  so yeah , it was an ugly situation for greece , but the other countries in europe said `` look , this friend is having problems . 
  let 's try to help him , as well as we can . '', 
  i am not going to lie , greece is in deep shit . 
  but since a year or two , they are looking up again . 
  calling greece ` destroyed ' is n't very accurate at least . 
  meh it 's not that much more powerful than other eu countries , especially when there will be a hard brexit . 
  compared to the dutch passport for example , it 's only rwanda and vietnam that you do n't need a visa for . 
  planning to go there anytime soon ? 
  otherwise , the dutch passport is equally or more powerful than the uk one . 
  true , it 's also about all the other things the eu did for europe . 
  * its borders, 
  why do you want to keep your uk passport ? 
  that car is going the wrong way . 
  technically not the eu , but its predecessor . 
  either way , in varietate concordia !, 
  what is love, 
  neither of the islands are part of the eu , including saba , st. eustachius and bonaire . 
  all the islands are called oversea countries and territories , which makes the island not eu territory , including the municipalities in the netherlands oversea ( bes islands ) . 
  however , their citizens are eu citizens . 
  [ source ( dutch ) ] ( http://www.europeesparlement.nl/nl/europa_jij/caribbean.html ), 
  we are omnivores , not cannibals . 
  peanut cheese . 
  xd thanks for the laugh !, 
  i can only imagine how europeans will look at this map in 2048 , when the european union is the most powerful entity on earth . 
  / s is an insult to intelligence . 
  i meant in response to his possibilites of majority coalitions that include coalitions with 75 seats . 
  a majority coalition is 76 seats , not 75 . 
  taking into consideration + -75 % turnout , you only need 0.5 % of the eligible population to vote for you , which is about 60.000 people . 
  damn :(, 
  do n't forget to vote next monday . 
  your girlfriend should lift up her feet more when she walks . 
  jesus was a well known figure in 85 a.d. 
  everyone agrees that almere is ugly , do n't worry . 
  world health organization wants to be second ? 
  you ca n't think of one major accomplishment ? 
  could it be that you never looked for one ? 
  because you might want to just google a bit and find out yourself . 
  you only talk about war and money , there is more to life you know . 
  well , they tried , but they did n't succeed . 
  germania was n't poor at all , and very fertile just like it is now . 
  ah , can you repeat the explanation she gave ? 
  not really something brexit will change eh . 
  if they change article 50 maybe , but until that time : strictly 2 years at most . 
  negotiations take at most 2 years , not at least . 
  hi there !,
