  the question is , at what point do you pick up arms . 
  you are so far from reality , i do n't even know what to tell you anymore . 
  read a book !, 
  comes to mind . 
  not by eu law , but national laws can place upper limits . 
  you 'll have to look that up on your national law , but i think even if there is no limit , the market will keep the prices pretty low . 
  the eu law by the way is the national limit + $ 0.05 ( per minute ) or + $ 0.02 ( sms ) until june 15th . 
  oh , there is a difference between making a law , people keeping to it , and enforcing it . 
  the law is there , which is fair to me , and i think to you too . 
  people abuse it , which must be fought against . 
  that will always be the case , whether it 's national or eu law . 
  the eu does not have a police force , national police are there to enforce the law . 
  so if you feel the law is not enforced , or that people abuse it , you really ca n't blame the law for that , or the eu . 
  i am not denying there are problems , but you take a small number of people and blow it up , like everyone does it and that 's why it 's bad . 
  you ca n't do that , it 's not a valid arguement . 
  there is just no argueing with you . 
  you keep repeating these easy sentences because it feels good to `` talk down to the elite '' , but have you ever taken a real good look into the eu , with an open mind ? 
  because your last sentence is so completely not true , i can only assume you repeated that from someone else . 
  someone with an agenda . 
  there is a limit of 0.77 $ / mb , but yes , if the cheapest provider in your country charges 0.5 $ / mb that is the price you will have to pay both inside and outside the country . 
  hehehe ^ ^, 
  for three months . 
  after three months of living in a different eu member state , you have to register there as resident . 
  which also means you have to pay the local taxes , and also that you can vote in local elections . 
  please do n't talk about these `` facts '' as if you know what is actually true . 
  because apparently you have little knowledge about how the eu works , but still feel like you can judge it !, 
  this law ensures that your provider ca n't charge more per mb you use abroad . 
  if they do , you can sue them and you will win . 
  ca n't do that if you do n't live in finland . 
  my contract does n't say that , it just says '' $ xx.xx per month '' . 
  so i do n't pay per megabyte . 
  you will pay the same price for your call/text/mb abroad as you do at home . 
  while ( i think ) most people pay a standard price per month , everyone can expect the same bill whether they use data abroad or locally . 
  so if your contract says `` 0.10 $ / mb '' , then they will charge you that abroad as well , yes . 
  then get another contract ? 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  it 's kinda weird to think thise trucker go home to poland every day , right ? 
  they will also live in belgium if they work there exclusively , so they pay belgian taxes . 
  i 'm not sure what you want to see fixed here . 
  ... what about the other 50 % ? 
  you are not making any sense here . 
  i wonder if he will speak romanian . 
  ah yes , definitely !, 
  because providers can charge a fee anyway if they notice you do n't use the data in the country of origin from time to time . 
  you 're * also , what do you mean ? 
  your premise is correct , but your conclusion is n't . 
  obviously , they are not killing the trucking industry , else they would n't be there right . 
  but it 's clear the fallacy you are making . 
  you are saying that because they have a job someone local could have , the eu economy gets hurt . 
  simply not true , you just do n't like it someone else can have a job you ca n't . 
  apart from that , it 's very easy to pick someone at the bottom of the economy and equate everyone to it . 
  a lot of educated poles come here too , and actually make the economy here thrive . 
  and that is what i care about , not the hurrdurr complaining people like you keep sprouting . 
  and then the age-old ` cop giving tickets while he should catch criminals ' . 
  that one has been debunked so many times , you just have to google a bit about that yourself . 
  ca n't spoonfeed you everything . 
  i use my data , 5gb a lot , and i rarely go over it in a month . 
  when i am on holiday , i am not watching youtube videos . 
  i will still get the bulk of my data usage from wifi . 
  but i can use it , for example , for looking up the route , or checking nearby attractions . 
  1gb will be plenty for that , and then some . 
  the european commission is to the eu as the folketinget is to denmark . 
  no , you first . 
  you say polish truckers in western europe hurt the eu economy ? 
  how exactly do they do that . 
  and you ask if the eu has nothing better to do , well , sure there are more pressing matters , but does a government have to tackle one issue at a time ? 
  no , they can multitask . 
  the image is accurate for about 99.99 + % of europeans . 
  you too can roam a lot of data abroad , but you can understand why there is a cap on using data abroad on unlimited plans right . 
  we 'll see who 's the last to laugh . 
  so far , we 're laughing at you , 
  more than 50 % of europeans will take a holiday abroad this year , not the mention the businessmen who will cross the border multiple times a year . 
  i will put you in the category : `` people who do n't know how the eu or economics work '' . 
  that is not possible . 
  no , not for free . 
  who knows , they will have to negotiate on that . 
  until that time , this also applies in the uk . 
  just go to another provider ... 
  it uses your bundle just like it would in your home country . 
  are you talking about your phone subscription ? 
  for unlimited data plans , there is a charge providers can make above a certain limit , to a maximum of 0,77 $ / mb and $ 50 a month . 
  where did you get this wisdom from , because it 's not true . 
  how do you think they will interpret it ? 
  the law applies to everything . 
  when you are in europe , get a prepaid sim card with the lowest $ / mb . 
  anyway , yes it does . 
  i would take t-mobile 's advice . 
  that is the worst contract i have ever heard . 
  no exceptions , the law goes for everyone . 
  right , well there should be something in your contract about it . 
  there is a special clause in this law about unlimited data plans , where it is allowed to charge a roaming fee above a certain limit . 
  is switzerland in the eea ? 
  -- no --  it does n't apply . 
  yes , but providers can block it if they have sufficient reason to think you do n't live in their member state . 
  or you could change phone numbers every 3 months , that is an option . 
  i 'd get a new one if i were you . 
  also , they ca n't change the price if the contract has n't expired yet . 
  until the uk is out of the eu , the uk is completely part of the eu . 
  so assuming they are n't out before september ( very likely ) , yes , it will be available there too . 
  all of the eu , and you only get charged more if you got a contract in a different member state than your own .
