  this means , if there is an emergency , they have a problem . 
  you might have read that from time to time they had to land in a field because of fuel problems . 
  probably because amsterdam hosts one of the busiest internet exchanges ( # 2 at the moment ) . 
  it is not . 
  `` a '' is not a word in dutch . 
  `` u '' is though . 
  i 've been there , and i liked it ... 
  to the stake !, 
  still better than north-korea : [ only one candidate appears on the ballot . 
  elections are ostensibly conducted by secret ballot , and a voter may cross off the candidate 's name to vote against him , but must do so in a special booth without any secrecy . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_in_north_korea#procedure ), 
  * its, 
  it helps that they literally blast the sound backwards . 
  louder than being in a plane usually . 
  there are two really big engines right outside the window , but they are n't that loud when you 're inside . 
  sure , an f-16 engine is loud , but not really when they are flying behind you , especially with that speed . 
  you must have noticed that when they flew over you , you could hear them coming towards you , but they were n't nearly as loud as when they were really close . 
  not that much really , they are n't * that * close . 
  it think it would be marginally louder than usual . 
  thanks , obama . 
  ah , so you want it recognised as some sort of ottoman genocide ? 
  it might interest you to know that there are more slaves right now than there were at any point in history . 
  no one is denying that happened . 
  our societies are more complicated ? 
  please elaborate . 
  power in the eu is divided by population , so that would mean 20 % of the votes in parliament . 
  ninjaedit : this is also one of the problems some eu countries have with turkey / turkey would make up 15 % of the population of the eu if it joined , which means only germany would be bigger . 
  not everywhere . 
  there are two kinds of people i ca n't stand : people who are intolerant of other people 's cultures . 
  and the dutch . 
  makes you male . 
  if you want your card translated ( english -  dutch ) , pm me . 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to say and your last sentence is just wrong . 
  the flags are basically the same . 
  still ca n't compare to the netherlands , where there are more bikes than people . 
  i think a lot of countries are car-centric compared to the netherlands . 
  because bikes . 
  in the netherlands we say : 1 egg is no egg 2 egg is a half egg 3 egg is an easter egg, 
  it 's germany , duplicated and moved over denmark . 
  `` my mom says i 'm special . '', 
  complete freedom . 
  the eu constitution has not been passed , there is no such thing at the moment . 
  `` my friends call me vlad , so everyone calls me putin '' - putin, 
  ah you were a drug dealer who does n't get high on his own supply . 
  so you 've been high for four years ? 
  * its, 
  let 's arrest all journalists !, 
  just to be sure . 
  that is why you are not a lawmaker . 
  * aware, 
  * its, 
  * woosh *, 
  yes , this one is called a roundel . 
  but sometimes aircraft insignias are not round and thus not roundels . 
  also , ` aircraft insignia ' is more descriptive than ` roundel ' . 
  there is no flag , i think you are looking at the dutch aircraft insignia . 
  you could remove the downvote button . 
  that way both posts that contribute , as well as people agree with , float to the top , while posts that people disagree with will still get upvotes from people who think it contributes without being downvoted into oblivion . 
  also , you could just change the name . 
  make the upvote button ` agree ' and downvote button ` disagree ' . 
  because that is basically what it now . 
  i know the voting system is meant for upvoting comments that add to the discussion , but thinking that is going to work is rather naive . 
  people disagree , and thus downvote , and i personally think it 's better to change this approach of the voting system . 
  consider yourself annexed . 
  * it 's, 
  it 's dangerous to associate yourself with delusional people . 
  or how about this : you deliver some goods to him and when you send him the bill he says ` there is no evidence for that transaction ' . 
  it 's just better to do business with sane people . 
  [ here is a list of countries and their respective regulations on giving up citizenship ( dutch ) . 
  ] ( https://ind.nl/particulier/nederlander-worden/landenlijst/paginas/default.aspx?tab=af ) for turks it 's possible to give up their citizenship . 
  they do n't need to charge $ 0.25 , they need to charge . 
  action for example charges $ 0.03 . 
  the belgian government was fed up with the dutch making fun of their intelligence . 
  so they went to the dutch government and said `` ca n't you do something stupid , so we can laugh for once ? ', 
  the dutch government agreed , and built a bridge in the middle of the desert . 
  the belgians laugh , and after a while the belgian government goes back to the dutch and thanks them for their gesture and tells them that they can now demolish the bridge . 
  the dutch government says `` we 'd like to , but there are belgians fishing on it '' . 
  * its * its * wealthier and a period . 
  there is a lot of space between rotterdam and antwerp , and there already is a channel . 
  if you want to line that route with industry ... well , just grab a map and see what that means . 
  not going to happen . 
  not only because there is no need for that much industry , but also because of the huge enviromental impact . 
  huge . 
  port , not harbour . 
  no , it 's because people do n't like your opinion . 
  do n't think for a second that up - and downvotes are being used for on - / off-topic comments . 
  is the european project staying together ? 
  ^ ( i think it is . ), 
  the number of members states might be trivial , not knowing switzerland is not a member is sort of stupid . 
  with the elections , i think people wonder ` did i ever directly vote for members of parliament of the eu ? ', 
  and they will arrive at the answer ` no ' . 
  ( next sentence depends on country ) of course they forget that they do n't directly vote for members of their own parliament either . 
  usually they vote for parties , and those parties elect members among themselves . 
  in the uk it 's actually the head of state , so the queen , who appoints the pm . 
  yes , usually it 's the leader of the winning party , but that is not necessary . 
  because we know for sure that white people are the majority in london . 
  google it if you want to be sure . 
  the other ways it 's wrong is that you imply that if the majority was not white , that would be wrong . 
  you also imply that all of those not white are muslim , which is certainly wrong . 
  and it 's wrong to make comments like that just for the fun of it , and for other reasons you can probably guess .
