yes , eisinga a hundred times over keukenhof . 
  that is not true , luxembourg , estonia , iceland , czech republic and finland produce more . 
  also , germany and belgium have almost the same co2 emissions per capita . 
  source : http://edgar.jrc.ec.europa.eu/overview.php?v=co2ts_pc1990-2012&amp;sort=des9, 
  that does n't mean we should just arrest her . 
  i ca n't imagine how many journalists you have to arrest because of ` propaganda ' . 
  i do n't know what sentence you are talking about , but i think he was talking about capitalizing `` ij '' in stead of `` ij '' in ijsselmeer . 
  which by the way is correct in both english and dutch . 
  you are right , it is the ijsselmeer . 
  na that is usual football cheering . 
  [ first clapping hands , then extending them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wndqkasezwa ), 
  the ijsselmeer apparently does . 
  [ yes , but why not like this . 
  your colours , why ? 
  it looks like spain and italy are opposites even though their euroscepticism is basically equal according to your data . 
  *** any *** third world immigrant ? 
  yes , you must be the only person who has family in rotterdam . 
  you 're at least the only one who gets upset from bringing up the bombing , 75 years ago . 
  rapid unscheduled overhaul . 
  it 's the same substance that likely caused the tianjin explosion . 
  the official reason is that there are insects in the flowers that could be harmful to agriculture . 
  usually a valid reason , but in this case really weird . 
  ah , but everyone in the uk speaks broken english . 
  just because a crime was unpunished in the past should n't mean it is unpunishable in the future . 
  there are no presidents in this picture at that time . 
  you are certainly you there !, 
  * than i, 
  is your period key broken and replaced with an exclamation mark ? 
  why are you yelling ? 
  unanimously , that is interesting . 
  so even spain voted for him , while having their own candidate . 
  the majority does not always pick the correct answer . 
  the pope is the king of vatican city . 
  the left magnet you mean ? 
  yeah man , self posts do n't give you karma . 
  honestly , europe/asia debates are always geographical . 
  a certain system of government , or culture , or ethnicity does not make a country european or asian . 
  let 's say japan was to completely follow france 's system of government . 
  it 'll still be asian . 
  since it 's the same landmass , you could call it eurasia , which is sometimes being used . 
   impressing very impressing . 
  you can post it if you want . 
  it 's quite logical , since we are warmblooded animals we produce heat that needs to be released . 
  i think coldblooded animals prefer the opposite . 
  [ temperature map . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/yatwub3.jpg ) you know it is hot when it 's cooler in turkey . 
  but it is so much easier to get warm when it is cold than to get cool when it is hot . 
  * gets, 
  well let 's not kid ourselves , we are not going to solve this problem right here . 
  but greece does not need a debt reduction , they need a way to handle the debt . 
  if you have unsustainable debt , you go bankrupt . 
  yeah , you should definitely stand up to the people who loan you money because you ca n't make ends meet , even if it kills you !, 
  who do they think they are lending $ 300 billion and then try to guide your crippled economy back up ? 
  no , you 'd rather get blown up than taking your responsibilities !, 
  yeah ... no . 
  simply making the gesture is not forbidden . 
  using it to discriminate is , so coupling it with certain phrases or actions could make it so . 
  a judge will decide on that . 
  ... are you complaining ? 
  all banknotes have a serial number that starts with a letter . 
  that letter is the country of origin , which for greece would be ` y ' . 
  the coins are of course easily identified . 
  i have never heard of countries illegally printing other money . 
  i think it would be diplomatic suicide . 
  i love science . 
  yeah that is completely what is going on here ... 
   ~ ~ steal from ~ ~ * steel for, 
  i do n't know much about ww2 ? 
  what you say there has nothing to do with who wins the war . 
  saying 1 country wins a world war is ridiculous , it 's actually in the name . 
  one of the biggest problems the nazis had was the fact they had to fight on multiple fronts . 
  and on all those fronts people died . 
  millions of people , from dozens of countries . 
  i am not going to debate about `` they had more losses , so they won '' , because that makes all the other losses sound irrelevant . 
  you do n't win a war by having the most losses . 
  you ca n't say that 1 country won a world war . 
  na , he is just staying in character . 
  a good company makes well-reasoned decisions . 
  i know people do n't care about the meals , which is why they chose the low cost airlines . 
  i am not saying that is wrong to do , i do it too . 
  the fuel thing is true though , google it . 
  usually they land at another airport . 
  there are actually a lot of airports around europe , so they just land at the wrong airport . 
  and that is a common occurance . 
  you had a few field landings in america a while back . 
  i remember from a while back that three ryanair flights had to land at the wrong airport http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/aviation/9488249/pilots-forced-to-make-emergency-landings-because-of-fuel-shortages.html . 
  this really fucks up flight schedules , which sucks . 
  they are basically the reckless drivers of the skies . 
  documentary in dutch : http://reporter.kro.nl/seizoenen/2013/afleveringen/03-01-2013, 
  for air-france-klm , air-france is losing money and klm is making money . 
  that does n't directly mean air-france is ruining klm . 
  there are way bigger threats , primarily the low priced airlines . 
  actually , they are approximately the same price , * if * you choose all options at the low priced airlines . 
  klm will serve you a meal and help you at the airport , the low priced airlines do n't , things like that . 
  also , the pilot strike at air-france did n't help . 
  and what a way to break a company might i add . 
  they want more money , and try to do that by killing their company , idiots . 
  there is one major problem you should know about the low priced airlines . 
  they take just enough fuel with them to reach their destination .
