  so is world peace m\u0438\u0440 m\u0438\u0440 ? 
  / r/polandball it 's been mainstream for a while now . 
  nope , he is also talking about the chapeco crash , which was a completely different airplane . 
   jesus christ ... nice touch , today . 
  accidents happen , and airplanes are the safest mode of transportation after the train . 
  do you know how many people get killed by cars every year ? 
  do n't try to use this to make some sort of ` ban the airplanes ' campaign . 
  the advantage we traded it in gives us the same advantage though . 
  and cyberwarfare in gps ... it 's very lowkey . 
  there is no encryption that needs to be broken to break the system . 
  it 's like someone across the room is trying to say something to you , and i just start to scream and drone him out . 
  oh but that is not the point . 
  op made it sound like the eu gave a switch to the us to turn it off , which it did n't . 
  the us has the capability to jam the frequence , and the eu or just countries like germany , france , uk , definitely can . 
  it 's not that hard , for a country like that . 
  ... we can do the same with gps . 
  it 's just radio waves . 
  * woosh *, 
  does n't sound like a friend . 
  chickens in america undergo a process called molting , which means starving them for 7-14 days to increase egg production , a practice prohibited in europe . 
  they get loads on antibiotics , which increase the chance of creating exceptionally dangerous bacteria . 
  the eggs that are produced are then washed , which increases bacterial growth . 
  the chicken meat is chlorinated so that the slaughter houses can work more factory-like , with less attention to cleanliness . 
  it also leaves plenty of bacteria alive , plus increasing the chance of creating dangerous bacteria once more . 
  the chicken industry in america is an abomination , and you defending a trade deal with it because of this is disgusting . 
  exactly , i 'm sure all those immigrants think by now `` oh , the uk is n't in the eu anymore , i guess we 'll stay home '' . 
  94 horses ? 
  if you mean horsepower , try 1341 horses . 
  ah so you bet on the netherlands winning and made a fortune ? 
  since it was fixed from the start ? 
  the comparison with iran is ridiculous for multiple reasons . 
  but even so , you understand that the eu is a supernational institution ? 
  the appointment of the president of the eu is done by the heads of state of its members , with approval of parliament ( like you said ) . 
  a very democratic process , that is comparable with many democracies in europe . 
  i used pm as an example for the uk , since they have their `` democratically elected '' queen as `` president '' . 
  yes , it is very normal that ( western ) countries indirectly choose their leaders . 
  with so many people , direct democracy is not practical . 
  basically every democratic country has this system , the people choose a party , the parties ( parliament ) chooses ministers . 
  you vote for parliament , they appoint the president . 
  this is how it works in almost every democracy . 
  you do n't think you can elect your prime-minister , right ? 
  you have a uk flag flair , but it does n't seem like you followed much of the political news the last few years . 
  for example : snp does n't need a second independence referendum if there was n't a brexit . 
  there is nothing wrong with forming a coalition with snp . 
  corbyn would never pay 1 billion pounds to form a coalition with the dup . 
  arbitrary ? 
  chinese ( mandarin , cantonese , etc. ), 
  is not an indo-european language . 
  he also said ` most languages ' already . 
  can you recite it for me ? 
  it is n't , germany 's constitution does n't mention christianity . 
  using / s completely negates the effect of sarcasm , it destroys it . 
  it 's okay if you do n't spot sarcasm every time , but can we please stop with the / s ? 
  it looks so ridiculous . 
  / s is an insult to intelligence . 
  i doubt it , i think theamazingkoki was being serious . 
  organisations or ideologies like is and nazism are one of the few exceptions , they are not symbols . 
  i can be a little more detailed : a symbol is almost always an object . 
  so that negates your argument , and my argument does n't sound like that . 
  but what is a symbol to you , i wonder ? 
  and please , do n't try to act as if i said `` is = muslims , so muslims = is '' , because i did n't . 
  also do n't try to act as if i 'm misinformed about islam , because that is ignorant in itself . 
  a symbol is something ( almost does n't matter what ) that associates with something else ( almost does n't matter what ) . 
  what do people associate with a burqa ? 
  well , since the people wearing one are always muslim women , you can probably see how a burqa becomes associated with a muslim woman . 
  the idea of `` burqa is a symbol for islam '' does n't sound so weird in that context right ? 
  of all the people who wear a burqa , 100 % of them are muslim . 
  call it culture , call it religion , call it ignorance by ` the west ' , but it became a symbol of islam . 
  wow are you serious ? 
  i did n't say she makes decisions primarily based on her husband 's opinion , i did n't say women are n't capable of making their own decisions . 
  what kind of disgusting ideas do you have that you can even take that from what i said ? 
  i suggest you reread my comment , and try to open your mind to what i just said , instead of blurting out such nonsense . 
  there is also `` supporting your partner '' , even if you are a separate person . 
  to be honest , he is probably to person who can influence merkel the most , and people know that , so i think it should be taken into consideration when voting for someone . 
  showing who your partner is as a public person seems normal to me . 
  plot twist !, 
  i like the error , but i still want to see the plot . 
  make that 4 zeros . 
  that 's cute , 
  chill out already . 
  i am just contemplating , why would you vote for one of three parties who you yourself deem incorrect ? 
  there are 16 others to choose from . 
  i am not telling you who to vote for , i do think in general it 's good advice not to vote for parties you do n't agree with . 
  so do n't vote for either ... 
  that is a bit ironic hehe ... 
  divide and conquer does work , but the ` dividing ' part seems to have backfired . 
  although i ca n't verify the source , i can verify you are correct . 
  when they talk about gdp , they always mean nominal , else they would say gdp ( ppp ) . 
  so this is about gdp , nominal , not ppp, 
  this is gdp , not ppp . 
  it really tied the room together , dude . 
  yeah the standard of living in europe now is so much worse than pre-wwii !, 
  it 's like nothing changed in the last 80 years . 
  in the us , yes . 
  but look , here is a country which made a 180 degree turn this year and imprisoned tens of thousands of innocent civilians ( journalists , teachers , etc. ), 
  because of their opinion , and now they want to make the death penalty possible . 
  but erdogan already said we are assholes who can go fuck themselves . 
  and that 's an understatement . 
  or in their living room , pissing on the carpet . 
  that 's not what you said though , you talk about the personification of strong beliefs .
