  do n't be , it wo n't happen . 
  a referendum like this will not happen unless he gets the majority , which is just not going to happen . 
  it 's just like leaving the eu : it 's a political nuke , but the option exists . 
  if you think there is a big eurosceptic feeling in nl you 're delusional . 
  we really should n't start making jokes about the euro2016 . 
  one reason could be because the eu has rules against totalitarian countries . 
  but if the uk leaves , maybe they could get there . 
  if the rest bails out , the uk will be http://i.imgur.com/sv1rpez.gif, 
  i 'll give you a churchill quote :  we must build a kind of united states of europe . 
  in this way only will hundreds of millions of toilers be able to regain the simple joys and hopes which make life worth living . 
   as winston churchill said : ` this is our darkest hour . ', 
  ... they might want to open a history book . 
  or : ` more than half of europeans do n't want a vote on the eu . ', 
  the day i seriously consider a 4chan post , i 'll shoot myself . 
  also * then, 
  historically we 've also been not that close . 
  but < 3 . 
  * its, 
  na the dutch and the danes are less eurosceptic than the french are . 
  i do n't know where you got your numbers , but they are faulty . 
  this one was caught at the right time . 
   lurned priceless . 
  na i argued my case , he just says ` because i do n't want to ' . 
  and as far as i know even people like nigel farage do n't want to leave the eea . 
  and why would he argue about trade deals and at the same time want to leave the deal that has probably been the most lucrative for the uk ever ? 
  anyway , do you feel like your input contributed to the discussion ? 
  ah i did n't think you were this far down the rabbit hole . 
  well , good luck to you . 
   vastly improved means for making trade deals . 
  this is a major point of the eu , or rather the eea . 
  making it easier to make deals . 
  let 's say you 're a country outside the eu , now you can make 1 deal for a whole economic area , in stead of making 30 different deals with different countries , who change their rules every now and again . 
   ability to control immigration . 
  i thought this one would be obvious , if you look at immigration right now . 
  a brexit wo n't deter immigrants , but it will crumble your ` first line of defense ' , namely : continental europe . 
   rule of law . 
  the argument here will be the same for point 4 . 
  i am assuming you do n't want an exit from the eea , because that would border on insanity . 
  this means you still have to follow eu regulation , but just do n't have a vote anymore . 
   no longer having to send money to the eu . 
  see point 3 ) . 
  norway is the favorite example , they have a net contribution of + - $ 550m a year while not being in the eu . 
  the uk has about 10x as many citizens . 
  you do the math . 
  your pro points 2 ) , 3 ) , 4 ) and 5 ) are actually the opposite in a brexit . 
  that first picture looks like mocking a foreign head of state to me . 
  i thought that was a big no-no in turkey . 
  ` association ' is where the word ` soccer ' comes from , but nobody says `` let 's play some association football ! ', 
  or as most people call it : football . 
  you should reread your comment and please see how flawed it is . 
  if i seem agitated it 's because this is a very serious issue , and apparently people vote on an irrational gut feeling instead of reasoned arguments . 
  and you do n't want to take responsibility for your position , which makes you one of them . 
  wauw great argument . 
  so if i understand correctly , you do n't have positive arguments to leave because i do n't have a vote ? 
  of course you can cooperate with other countries without being in the same union , but i do n't think you understand the idea of the eu if that is your argument . 
  could you tell me some positive arguments to leave ? 
  so then it works . 
  but texting while driving is illegal already , and there are no apps for that . 
  oh i 'm aware . 
  it 's mainly called that because that 's what tourists search for and go to . 
  if it has something to do with the netherlands , then the preferred name is ` the netherlands ' . 
  english has a prefectly fine word for the entire country : netherlands . 
  would n't you agree that it is kind of ambiguous to use the same word for two things , where one of those things is a subset of the other ? 
  you should also note that when people say things like ` i 've been to holland ' that they actually went to holland , not the rest of the netherlands . 
  but let 's address the ` common = correct ' argument . 
  let 's stick with language , there are a huge amount of common grammar mistakes ( its/it 's , there/they 're / their ) . 
  they are common , but not correct . 
  and this is n't some democratic process where , if enough people use `` they 're '' possessive , it can become possessive . 
  anyway , i 'm going to leave it at this . 
  come visit holland , it 's lovely , but the rest of the netherlands is even nicer . 
  if something is common , then that does n't necessarily make it correct . 
  i know what you 're saying with ` correct by definition ' , but that does not apply here . 
  this is not an issue concerning the english language , it 's about informing people that someone in the rest of the netherlands ( so , not holland ) will not say that they live in holland . 
  it 's not about shaming someone , and i am actually very fond of the english language . 
  also , i did n't say i was n't , and it 's kind of weird that you bring that up . 
  either way , saying ` holland is the netherlands ' is similar to saying ` england is great britain ' . 
  you try telling a scot that they 're english . 
  i am not saying holland is n't part of the netherlands , i am saying that one contains the other . 
  that does not make them equal . 
  * whose, 
  hmm eens even kijken , ` holland - de twee provincies zuid-holland en noord-holland ' , ` nederland - land in europa ' . 
  it might sound ridiculous , but it is exactly what it means . 
  [ `` the low countries '' is a better translation . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/low_countries ) belgium has become a seperate country , but the netherlands remained the netherlands . 
  `` nether '' and the dutch `` neder '' also mean down/low . 
  it 's about as ridiculous as naming your country after frozen water . 
  only people who are wrong . 
  it 's already been decided that if they win , it would still be somewhere in europe . 
  something something brexit . 
  it 's stalin . 
  dutch ~ ~ redditors ~ ~ have a sort of ( fake ) rivalry with finland because we 're always quite close in rankings . 
  i like my women how i like my coffee : ground up and in the freezer . 
  i love goldmember ... 
  this is a myth , last names were common long before napoleon , including names like naaktgeboren , poepjes , etc. 
  napoleon only wanted to register demographics , and he did , and that 's it . 
  how is that a source ? 
  you are the one who keep spurting fallacies , and you understand so little of the subject . 
  that is not attacking the speaker , you are just ignorant on the subject . 
  so , first inform yourself , and then we can have a construtive arguement . 
  you do not have a message at this moment .
