  so wrong , in so many ways . 
  seems like they 're working on it though . 
  do n't hate us 'cause you ai n't us . 
  what the fuck is america doing at the top ? 
  it 's not 1813 . 
  well they sure are working on it . 
  it 's true , the city is considered one of the world 's biggest tax haven . 
  just google it . 
  he is making a joke about the clickbait title . 
  norway + - $ 68 , uk + - $ 73 . 
  well , norway is not in the eu so it does n't pay contribution there . 
  if he is talking about norway 's eea contribution , then they are almost the same ( per capita ) . 
  hm i do n't think blowing up a gaspipe is that interesting to them . 
  these pipes are securely regulated , worst case scenario ( besides the outright ridiculous ) : they lose some gas . 
  not really terrorism . 
  they know how to make bombs though , and underwater bombs are not that much harder to make . 
  with all explosives the main difficulties are 1 ) getting it where you want , 2 ) detonate it when you want . 
  sounds like a recipe for sugar-water . 
  if the eu is to decline in relative importance , then that does not directly mean that the uk would be better off outside the eu . 
  his third reason is completely ridiculous and i do n't understand why he would bring that up as pro-brexit . 
  his last point is also a fallacy : ` hey look , there is this country that is doing fine without the eu ' , so that means every country is better of without the eu ? 
  weird article . 
  i already told you which bit . 
  but to clearify : the bit that explains cyclists and pedestrians are vulnerable in traffic , and edging them with your car does not constitute acceptable behaviour . 
  maybe you should read the highway code again . 
  especially the first page . 
  nokia had a revenue of $ 75b in 2007 . 
  finland 's gdp that year was $ 217b . 
  gives me + - 34 % of finland 's gdp . 
  i know this is not the whole picture , but do n't underestimate nokia . 
  let 's say the entire population of syria flees to europe , say 20 million people . 
  that 's a lot of people , but it is only a few percent of the 700 million in europe . 
  you ca n't honestly think that in a hundred years everyone in europe speaks arabic . 
  yes , this will have some impact , but i do n't like this fear mongering about ` we have to fight for our rights ' , as if the entire continent is being plunged into war . 
  europe has been around for a few thousand years , it went through way worse events than this . 
  * its, 
  even though everyone does it , the luggage racks are not designed to transport people . 
  or at least , not people over 30kg . 
  a true federalist . 
   france  eu so many frances out there , better be specific . 
  i think he gets paid in pounds , but lives outside the uk . 
  i much prefer this comment over the other one . 
  it 's a tough subject , of course no one knows what 's actually going to happen after a brexit . 
  personally , i think if the eu wants to maintain their objective of a ` european family ' , it should treat british citizens as part of that family regardless of their government 's actions . 
  i should probably note here that i think brexit is not going to happen , or if article 50 gets triggered a very soft brexit . 
  anyway , i do n't see a reason to make it harder for british citizens to work and live in the rest of europe , as long as the same goes vice versa . 
  but you know what is interesting , all this shit we 're talking about is something the eu solved internally already . 
  it 's just that all this legislation is now open to be discussed because of a possible brexit . 
  i do n't think citizen participation on the eu level has been this high at anytime . 
  it 's funny how at first you have a strong opinion , and then say ' i do n't know anything about this subject . ', 
  hm , i have n't heard that before . 
  how exactly do they figure that ? 
  gdp is measured in dollars . 
  when comparing gdp , you convert the national currencies to dollars . 
  if the value of your currency falls , your gdp falls . 
  that does n't mean you suddenly ` produce ' less , it just means your gdp drops . 
  gdp is an overrated index in my opinion , it does n't show a complete picture . 
  no sane person does . 
  but there are people who actually think there is a possibilty sharia law will be implemented in europe at some point . 
  nato is a defensive alliance , not an offensive force . 
  so there is no ` dragging nato into it ' . 
  article 5 does not apply here , the netherlands is not under attack . 
  that 's why you got the downvotes by the way , because you 're thinking in absurd terms . 
  also , some people might not like you calling ` the netherlands ' ` holland ' . 
  that 's what i said , minus the law stuff . 
  yes , but it says ` dutch parliament ' , so that is the states-general . 
  but the title is just wrong , it 's not the dutch parliament , it 's the dutch house of representatives that voted . 
  it 's because they speak english . 
  london has loads of parking spaces , there are just way more cars . 
  the sign of wealth there is that everyone drives a car , or multiple cars . 
  not that there exist no spaces to park them, 
   the agency has kept poland 's rating unchanged at a2 with a negative outlook . 
  very bright . 
  add a corrupt government to that , and you need some really strong lights to make this black picture shine . 
  pmi is an index from 0 to 100 . 
  it asks companies if they increased or decreased in certain aspects of business ( orders , employment , etc. ) . 
  an index of 50 implies ` no change . ', 
  the eurozone pmi now is 53.3 . 
  highest ever was 59 . 
  i can find a shocking amount of information on you . 
  which surprises me , with you being a web developer and all . 
  it 's a conspiracy by the elites !, 
  incorrect is that removing 67 medals does n't change the rankings , and incorrect is that the uk will be out of the eu next olympics . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  with , of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course .
