  with , of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  of course . 
  ` decimate ' historically meant ` reduce by 10 % . ', 
  some decimating has been happening . 
  ah , but that is because there has n't been a brexit yet . 
  yes yes , let the hate flow through you . 
  does n't matter if you also grow your food there , there is too little of it . 
  just like the eu commission . 
  actually it was an american who said it . 
  but yeah , it does sound british uppity classy . 
  i 've heard it as ` dine and dash . ', 
  they have a strong economy , but decreasing in strength . 
  every economy in developee countries is better now than in 2008 . 
  the euro is also a reserve currency , bigger than the gbp . 
  yes that 's how it works . 
  i did n't say it would be good for everything . 
  lots of things would be good for the economy , but not necessarily good for ` the world . ', 
  low fuel prices comes to mind . 
  good for the economy , not so good for the environment . 
  but as far as the economy goes : spending money on useless shit is better than not spending that money . 
  1 ) that does not make the economy better . 
  2 ) just not true , complete laissez-faire would still have deflation/inflation . 
  3 ) irrelevant in this case . 
  a simple solution would be to take the bike . 
  london accounts for + - 50 % of england 's tourism , and this is only last month . 
  so : 0.05 * 0.2 * 0.5 / 12 = 0.04 % bottom line gdp growth . 
  another way to know how you wo n't have a 1 % gdp increase is because 1 % of england 's gdp is + - # 15b . 
  those would be some damn wealthy tourists . 
  tourism is a big industry in general . 
  5 % is about the average for western europe . 
  countries like croatia push 20 % . 
  tourism accounts for approximately 5 % of england 's gdp . 
  it 's not gon na do anything to the economy . 
  but maybe my sarcasm-o-meter is broken , and if so , i 'm sorry . 
  true , the eu could use some pr . 
  but comments like that are almost never cynical , so that 's why i did n't pick up on that . 
  i think the eu does a lot of things you care about , but unaware about . 
  i think it went over yours , to be honest . 
  ireland is a country , fucking ireland is a country , southern ireland is part of a country . 
  ` fucking ' is an adjective . 
  i did n't say he is irreplaceable . 
  in international politics ( or any ) , you need a capable spokesman for your country , let that be the head of state . 
  this person needs to make deals and present their country in a positive manner . 
  this works best if they can make intelligent decisions and when they are likeable and charismatic . 
  the difference with a king and an elected president is that : a ) people elect presidents on their gut feeling , not skills b ) although there are plenty intelligent people that could be elected , the dutch royal house is an intelligent family in general c ) they can not make political statements , such as ` erdogan is a goat fucker , ' which makes them unlikely to be despised by another country d ) there is a sense of stability , you know what he has done so far and what his ancestors did . 
  you do n't know these things with every president and that causes trouble ( as we 've seen plenty in the past ) . 
  logical fallacy , sure , but that is how people work . 
  e ) you can train this person so they are actually capable of being head of state , which is not at all easy or intuitive . 
  about the ` fancy meals and drinking beer with putin ' i can just say , that is how it 's done . 
  actually a good example , because putin seems to like the dutch royal house . 
  why ? 
  who knows . 
  thing is , he does , and that can be used in our advantage . 
  i agree about the cost in general , that could be reduced , although i do n't think he is grossly overpaid for his work . 
  and like i said , a president costs more . 
  also , this ties in with my big problem with democracy : thinking most people know best . 
  that is a logical fallacy and a real problem . 
  lastly , he is not irreplaceable and there possibly are people who could do better . 
  but i ca n't think of someone in the netherlands right now who could , and also when i compare the king with other presidents , i 'd rather have our present king than any of those . 
  i do n't think you know what the dutch king does , do you ? 
  because by the sound of it , you think he just sits on his throne and does his speech once a year . 
  how do you get to the idea he is lazy ? 
  besides that , the alternative ( a president ) costs more . 
  also , there is something to say about training a specific person for 20 + years to become head of state , against electing some nobody every few years . 
  thinking the dutch king is a lazy bastard that steals from the poor and is a dictator is just plain ignorance . 
  also , it does n't contribute . 
  you are the ` the government says a , so it must be b ' type person . 
  very easy to manipulate , since you would still do whatever other people tell you without thinking about it yourself . 
  serbia shot first . 
  exactly , you 're hearing it from the man himself . 
  only people who want to be ambiguous do . 
  ` windturbine ' and ` windmolen ' are definetely different words for different structures . 
  exactly !, 
  you 'd expect a dutchman to know . 
  i disagree with your opinion about timmermans , but i agree that speaking another language with an accent is nothing to be ashamed about . 
  not that many people can speak more than one language , so that deserves some respect , regardless of accent . 
  but note that timmermans speaks 6 languages , at the least fluent . 
  dutch people in general have a thick accent when they speak english . 
  timmermans is just good at speaking other languages . 
  buildings these days are build for their use , and there is not much use for empty towers . 
  if you want to build something of this size , but for example house people in it , you ca n't use buildings like this . 
  i think people like these buildings for their history , but personally i think modern buildings are more impressive , architecture wise . 
  and there is the thing that bugs me with all this . 
  it 's not as if those who are pro-eu ( including myself ) do n't see there are problems and challenges . 
  eurosceptics make it seem like we think everything is going fine , which is not how we see it . 
  we see there are problems , and we have this institution called the eu to get together and handle it . 
  and we see there are problems within the eu , and those will also be handled . 
  but what britain does here is making it seem like those problems are solved by walking away , and that is just false . 
  we 'll see how it pans out , but it is definitely a step in the wrong direction . 
  technically , any member state can invoke article 50 at any time . 
  technically , the uk can choose to not invoke article 50 until the year 3000 . 
  if the eu asks , ` hey , is this leave thing going to happen or what ? ', 
  then the uk can just say `` do n't know '' and let it be . 
  can we please stop with the nexit bullshit ? 
  euroscepticism is not big enough in the netherlands to hold a referendum , let alone make it have this outcome . 
  yes yes , british universities are completely british and do not cooperate with universities inside the eu . 
  it 's not like there is an exchange programme between universities . 
  and everyone knows that foreign students are not beneficial to the uk , but are only there to leech of its generosity .
