  i was thinking more german citizens slaughtered on the streets , i.e. 
  berlin , niklas etc. 
  the ones causing trouble on the streets are the ` new germans ' . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of unemployment , the fact that as economy minister he did not exactly cover himself in glory and the general theme of widening inequality in the country . 
  but seeing as though you do n't like muslims ` xbettel ' maybe it is le pen who is the candidate for you after all . 
  what policies make macron a  very strong , young and promising candidate . 
  do you actually know what his policies are or do you only back him because is for the eu project ? 
  that 's a genuine question because having read his policies myself i ca n't see how he addresses frances key problems . 
  let me guess , macron is the saviour of france , just like hollande was going to be ? 
  he does n't even have a party backing him . 
  let 's be real here , if he was up against anyone but le pen he 'd be in real trouble in this second round . 
  he lucked out having her as his opponent as quite clearly is only commanding such level of support because he is the lesser evil . 
  neither is le pen . 
  but unfortunately the choice for french is two extremely weak candidates , they deserve better . 
  i think germany has far more things to worry about than a few nazi sympathisers in the army . 
  what difference does the amount of time they 've been in politics make ? 
  they are complete outsiders , just look at how anyone of any clout has endorsed a relatively weak macron for the sake of keeping the fn out of power . 
  anyone who thinks the fn is part of the establishment is deluded . 
  yep hopefully fn are never elected but we need a strong macron presidency which i just ca n't see , he does n't even have a party at the moment . 
  our only hope is melenchon running again in 2022 or there will be trouble . 
  i 'm afraid 5 years of macron may finally tip many over the edge . 
  hopefully not but how have we ended in a position where rothschild banker emannuel macron is the best candidate to lead france ? 
  remarkable really . 
   it has worked since the party was founded almost half a century ago . 
  if polls are right , macron will still get between 150 % and 200 % of le pen 's votes . 
  they 've never been as well supported as they are now and only twice have they reached this stage so this is not the same old same old . 
  fn are tightening their grip on france and will have control within the decade if trends are anything to go by . 
  still pretty good . 
  and how was melenchon compared to le pen in the 24-30 year olds category and those between 30 and 40 years old ? 
  not so good . 
  fact is fn and le pen are here to stay for the foreseeable future . 
  the fact that they have remained a competitive party whilst traditional parties have disintegrated . 
  the fact that they are the most popular party amongst younger people , those under 40 and the older generation who resist them wo n't be there to vote against them in the future . 
  the fact that people are n't voting against them because they like the other candidate but just to keep fn out . 
  you can only play that game for so long . 
  to me it seems fn control of france is inevitable in the coming years . 
  a vote for macron is merely kicking the can down the road . 
  hollande was a disaster with a party , macron without a party will be 10x worse . 
  2022 could see fn breeze to power . 
  many will need refuge from war and famine , we must continue to provide this to the many millions who will need it . 
  left wing parties also encourage mass migration for their own reasons . 
  left wingers have their motives for this as well . 
  get used to it . 
  we 'll need every african we can get to keep our economies strong as our population ages . 
  are you crazy ? 
  sarkozy would have whooped his ass . 
  what if ... eu never existed . 
  what would europe be like today ? 
  zizek is one of smartest dudes in europe so we have to take what he says seriously i guess, 
   you know , safe issues . 
  non-issues . 
  white males . 
  man 21 more million people in the uk ? 
  i just do not know how we can actually handle that . 
  we gon na be a sea of concrete and tarmac . 
  ok you are right , several european navies are involved here . 
  real culprits : cameron , obama and sarkozy for overthrowing gadaffi . 
  the real traffickers are the italian navy . 
  picking people up 5 miles off libya then transporting them hundreds of miles to the mainland ? 
  no wonder the number of migrants crossing from libya is at record levels . 
  africa will be overpopulated in that time . 
  simple solution is to let many africans live in eastern europe to help save the economy . 
  ok , thanks for the explanation , i did not realise this . 
  yep , glad to see people waking up to this . 
  guaranteed votes for their parties though so thats why they support it . 
  imagine if a muslim had done this . 
  it was only a rich white middle class lefty kid though so no problem eh ? 
  yep , it is too bad . 
  its also kind of cute that you think russia try to do good or bad . 
  their only motive is making russia great . 
  bring back cameron, 
  lol whos the naive one . 
  those perfect banks would never do bad ... would they ? 
  lol, 
  is russian money any more tainted than money from a bank ? 
  probably not . 
  and a political party is not obligated to get funds solely from a bank . 
  le pen has every right to use russian funds to fund her campaign . 
  should you be denied a loan from a bank because they disagree with your political leanings ? 
  and i thought we lived in a democracy . 
  lol exactly . 
  maybe if french banks gave her loans she would n't have to go elsewhere to fund her campaign ? 
  absolutely not . 
  nah , i like being english . 
  the though of being ` european ' rather than english is inconceivable to the majority in our country . 
  we will never be a nation , we are too different . 
  how long until france and germany merge as a nation ? 
  i give it 60 years . 
  this is bad . 
  just no . 
  i saw this map on that italian website below . 
  i wonder what the voting is like in the oversees departments , do you know ? 
  still enough to win the election . 
  trump had a supercharged white vote , le pen might get the same thing . 
  le pen at 26 % in some of the polls , wtf ? 
  looked at a map of france and like 2/3rds of all regions had le pen in first place , wtf ? 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  nigel farage press conference called . 
  macron endorsement expected . 
  now we even got neo liberal terrorists as seen in dortmund .
