new elections are held and people will be elected based on their stance on brexit . 
  that will simply lead to ukip getting into parliament and forming a coalition with the tories and subsequently an even harder brexit . 
  then do something about it like we have in the uk . 
  who ended the ottoman empire ? 
  i know they voted to abolish it themselves but surely some powers like france or britain was making sure this happened behind the scenes . 
  have you given this much thought ? 
  serious question as i 've always wanted to live this farmers life but not done much research . 
  how much money would you need to start up do you think ? 
  we kick your ass if you try anything stupid . 
  or translators . 
  it really is not as simple as you make it sound . 
  if it was why do so few brits educated or not speak a second language ? 
  that 's all well and good except that you would need these highly educated young brits to have a good understanding of the german language . 
  that is where the dream ends for most of these young brits . 
   the northern and eastern side of the city are cheaper a one bedroom flat in the slum that is tottenham is still going to cost you at least 350k . 
  a young person is basically never going to afford to buy in london even in the ` cheaper ' parts . 
  40 % of londoners voted to leave . 
  pot kettle . 
  yea , the eu is pretty good at not listening to people . 
  you only have to look at what they 've done to greece to know that . 
  not only are we part of the discussion , we will control much of the discussion . 
  europe does not = eu . 
  the idea of a federalised europe is quite extreme and thankfully in the minority . 
  unfortunately that minority hold a lot of power in the upper echelons of the eu itself . 
  europe exist long before the eu and will exist long after eu is gone . 
  remove tea . 
   the st george 's cross has some fairly serious negative connotations in the uk too ( not so much the union flag it has to be said . . ) , mostly relating to a perception of racism ( with a bit of football hooliganism thrown in . . ) only amongst oddballs . 
  even your average lefty is fine carrying the english flag . 
  there is complete outrage and hysteria when a right wing populist wins but almost celebration in the media when left wing populist wins . 
  why is this ? 
  the long term has to be to train our own . 
  this will not happen though . 
  the turks enjoy a good old pogrom . 
  i thought only far right were populist ? 
  so you are saying that white american are more european than black european ? 
  indeed no such thing . 
  they 're neither so what the problem bro ? 
  no evidence to suggest that at all . 
  why ? 
  its simply a paedophile ring now . 
  the people have spoken . 
  you just have to accept that italy is changing for the better . 
  italy need to learn to become multiculti like uk and france and embrace it . 
  soon rome will be mainly foreign 50 % + and this can only be a good thing surely . 
  nonsense , these immigrants can help bolster italys economy . 
  people just have to work together . 
  time to take some refugees to fill the gap . 
  time to return silesia to germany . 
  no thanks . 
  france had a plan drawn up to invade germany in 1940 . 
  they thoroughly underestimated germany . 
  5 mile off libyan coast . 
  400 miles from main italy . 
  makes sense . 
  ok , not all bad , we had some good times together as well, 
  no we could have easily done both . 
  politicians on all sides to blame for this catastrophe . 
  well said . 
  some people just do n't get it do they ? 
  low iq . 
  a few decades . 
  what a mistake we made . 
  oh how we wish we could turn back the clock and remain homogeneous nations . 
  too late now . 
  fact is the conservatives are going to win by a landslide . 
  do n't get your hopes up . 
  more or less . 
  best of a bad bunch . 
  i 'm a young person and i 'm voting tory . 
  catalan independence is threat to the eu . 
  english , very few people in the uk see themselves as british from experience . 
  i still support the union but if it goes ... meh, 
  england salutes you . 
  germany turns them away at the border . 
  i 've seen people on here make serious arguments that russia and ukraine are not true europeans . 
  ( they usually have eu flag next to their name when making this argument . ), 
  tories ai n't going away for years . 
  2027 at the earliest is when they will go imo , maybe not even until 2032 . 
  of course it does . 
  the eu end game is one federalised entity , not many scattered nations . 
  you can still be basque like you are now but under the jurisdiction of the eu rather than spain . 
  fantastic news . 
  we live in a post truth era my friend . 
  facts do n't matter anymore . 
  ` europe ' . 
  no disrespect but it is south america . 
  this is a geographical fact . 
  english legend . 
  no it definitely is the direction my nation should be going in . 
  we may well have a radical right or left wing government if the eu do n't sort their shit out . 
  nothing at all . 
  we can hope but they probably will get very close in 2022 . 
  calm down , eduardo . 
  nationalism is the only reason your country is n't muslim and got its independence a century before most other ottoman controlled areas . 
  like you were in us elections last year ? 
  i 'd wait for a french exit poll . 
  well brexit was more 10 points within the margin of error but 20 points is just too big for le pen to make up , she lost . 
  all bets are off for 2022 tbh . 
  voter turnout only 28 % according to bbc , not good news . 
  a neoliberal or far right candidate elected , yep great news for the ordinary french people ... not .
