  they would have been run over in the end . 
  my original point is that a lot of people act as if finland won the war , which it did not . 
  they got a non-favourable peace deal which is pretty much the definition of losing a war . 
  they didnt stop any invasion , they delayed it for a while . 
  just when the war was about the end the soviets were ready to commit even more troops to the front lines . 
  spring was also coming , which would have made it easier for the soviets . 
  finland would have been destroyed . 
  but then finland surrendered and the soviets , having taken large casualties , accepted . 
  you know finland got beaten in the end and had to give up more territory than the soviets had asked for in the first place right ? 
  i hate it when people think that finland basically won that war because of the large soviet losses , but that 's like saying that germany basically won the war aswell , because the soviets had like 5 times their losses . 
  it 's revisionism and horseshit . 
  anything even slightly islam-related = the racists have their fun-hour unfortunantly . 
  this is simply an interesting piece of european history that happened on the same day as a more recent historial event . 
  sorry to r/europe that this admittedly crossposted part-9 / 11 joke , part-history acknowledgement brought all the racists out of the woodworks . 
  that was not my intention . 
  yep , well the old world is basically europe that 's been tilted slightly , the empire is a fantasy version of the holy roman empire . 
  i think it 's fun that it 's pretty much a dark fantasy abomination of the real world . 
  now i know where talabheim from warhammer fantasy got it 's inspiration from : http://whfb.lexicanum.com/wiki/talabheim, 
  i saw an athlete from germany with the surname g\u00f6ring a few years back , i do n't remember which sport . 
  i 'm literally saying that tearing down humanitarian structures made to aid people in need of it is a shitty thing to do . 
  that 's the bottom of my argument , i do n't care what bureaucracy says , because if bureaucracy leads to morally wrong things like that happening then the system should be reformed . 
  bureaucracy is meant to treat everyone equally and fairly , and that 's not happening on the west bank . 
  i think that the entire israel/palestine thing is pretty silly and i really hate talking about it . 
  some stupid territorial dispute should n't lead to such a clusterfuck . 
  truly shows that the people who lead us in many cases are not sensible , and that goes for both sides . 
  and the murder thing is not a stretch . 
  maybe it is for you , because you apparently do n't see the questionable thing about tearing down humanitarian buildings . 
  i still do n't see how i said anything like that in my original statement . 
  i said that it would be a pretty bad world if all nations and their rulers were selfish pricks who did n't aid other people in need of it . 
  by which i mean that it is good that the eu is trying to help the palestinians , who are in need of aid . 
  does that make it any less shitty to demolish those buildings . 
  that 's like saying murder is fine because it happens every day , in every country on earth . 
  alright , they have civil control of that area , i did n't know that . 
  that still does n't make it an all fine and dandy thing to do to tear down humanitarian structures trying to aid an oppressed minority . 
  just because you have a paper saying you have a right to do something , does n't make it the right thing to do . 
  yes , you are right about this , but there is a difference . 
  if israel applied for building permits in sweden or germany to build houses for poor people , chances are they would be allowed to do that . 
  but if the eu would seek building permits on the west bank they would be denied . 
  in fact , israel allows only about 2 % of all building permits ( a figure from an article ) on the west bank . 
  it 's part of israel 's land grab on the west bank . 
  sure , it 's within israel 's right to do so , if you 're an israeli . 
  israel does n't even have a claim on that territory in the first place . 
  and ethically , it 's an extremely shitty to demolish humanitarian structures because of `` bureaucracy '' ( not really bureaucracy , that 's just the de jure reason for demolishing those structures ) . 
  i 'm not following you , is it undemocratic for a country to let people into it , or the other way around ? 
  pretty sure they are trying to help the people there ( but of course it is a political statement too , everything is in our very non-altruistic world unfortunately ) . 
  but that 's like saying that you should n't send medics with the infantry , as the infantry will get shot and killed anyway . 
  it 's also similar to not giving money to starving people because the government declared it illegal to give money to beggars . 
  building those houses is the right thing to do , no matter what some arbitrary government says , they do n't get to declare what is morally right , and building houses for people who has no place to live is morally right . 
  pretty sad to only do nice things to get nice things back . 
  the eu is setting a good example , foreign aid like this is important . 
  we 're all human after all , and countries doing good things out of good will can hardly be a bad thing . 
  setting a precedent is important , hopefully it spreads . 
  making sure that people have housing is definitely more important than petty territorial feuds . 
  how was anything i said even remotely close to saying that people does n't have a right to rule themselves ? 
  because the eu is trying to be humane and compassionate . 
  imagine a world of nation states that only looked out for their own citizens and actively ignored or even lashed out against foreigner . 
  what a selfish , terrible world that would be . 
  i am afraid the faction i represent must insist on romanian monarchy . 
  we are fully prepared to take up arms should you refuse , and rest assured , we have enough men to enforce our just demand ... 
  why are you arguing with a railroad engineer who just stated the reasons for the diminishing railroads ? 
  well , during gustav adolf 's reign you were swedish ( and for mosts of sweden 's and finland 's common history ) . 
  you 're also represented as a unique unit , the hakkapelitta . 
  as a biologist this makes me really angry . 
  these government morons have no clue how ecology or conservation biology works . 
  i hope the polish government gets royally fucked by the polish people and the eu . 
  feelsbadman , i need to go to portugal to be above average . 
  technically it was n't like we started it by invading russia . 
  denmark , poland and russia started to gangbang us . 
  ccp , avast and spotify are `` startups '' now ? 
  they 've been around for many many years . 
  lol , that paul joseph guy is a right-wing extremist , by every definition of the word . 
  not really . 
  nationalists consider their country to be above others , and want to put their country first . 
  to no one 's surprise , nationalists of different countries have a hard time cooperating with each other . 
  at least something good came out of this disaster ; the amazing museum built around the ship . 
  if you ever visit stockholm , go to the vasa museum , you wo n't regret it . 
  i really do not know . 
  i do n't think there is any plan for that right now . 
  there really should be . 
  the whole world needs one . 
  really shows how our common history would have been different if that one dude had n't voted the way he did . 
  strong worker unions . 
  but the government has created reasonable immigration policies . 
  since april 2016 we hardly take in any immigrants , almost every asylym requests gets turned away . 
  how can people not be aware of this ? 
  the floodgates are n't open anymore . 
  on integration we could do a lot better than we are however , but the government does not have 100 % control over integration , the public sector has to help as well . 
  also making immigrants more integrated are not exactly speedy processes . 
  wow , that 's some serious mental gymnastics when presented with facts and statistics . 
  the more stats that says i 'm wrong , the more right i must be . 
  what ? 
  have n't you heard ? 
  sweden just underwent an apocalyptic system collapse and can not even be called a civilized country anymore / s, 
  i 'm from the far north and we called it tafatt . 
  granted that was more than 13 years ago . 
  the one place in norway where you wo n't understand anything being said . 
  basically yes . 
  really ? 
  one thing you got right is the school system though , it has surpassed ours by leaps and bounds . 
  i often say that sweden should just quit all the school politics and just shamelessly copy the finnish school system .
