baracko barner is lying about 7/11 !, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  illuminati confirmed ? 
  would n't the rest of the eu have to get involved if a member nation got attacked ? 
  the european union will be reorganized ... into the first , galactic european empire !!, 
  for a safe ... and secure society !, 
  however much finland likes to think they won the winter war , they lost . 
  they surrendered and agreed to a peace that lost them territory . 
  that 's the very definition of losing a war . 
  part of the australian continent . 
  you 're sort of right , continents are n't defined , it 's sort of been decided that there are 7 continents . 
  europe , africa , north america , south america , asia , australia and antarctica . 
  the british isles are a part of europe , and australia is a continent . 
  end of story . 
  that 's the stupidest thing i ever heard . 
  australia is a continent because it 's reallly , really large , and it has it 's own tectonic plate . 
  friends with benefits . 
  isk is pretty stable , i mean you can buy 200 meter long space battleships for a couple of million isk . 
  uppsala university represent . 
  which is allowed and overlooked by the united states because of the oil trade with the saudis . 
  i 'm not saying it 's 100 % the west 's fault , but the us and uk bear a large responsibility for the current situation in the middle east . 
  you ever heard of what happened into the middle east after world war 2 ? 
  the coup in iran and everything ? 
  terrorists today are n't a product of ottoman rule which ended almost 100 years ago . 
  it 's a product of american and british meddling . 
  the red army , the united states army and every single other military entity in history has brutally murdered civilians . 
  it 's not a unique thing for the wehrmacht . 
  try google-translating the name and you 'll see . 
  i 'm just a joe shmoe expressing his opinion on the internet , of course they wo n't listen to my advice . 
  and of course people should choose their own futures , that 's exactly what the brexit is all about . 
  that is the reason i think the uk should n't be able to cherry-pick to , for example , stay in the free-market while leaving the political union . 
  they chose their future , they 're out . 
  i hate conservative politics no matter the country , so i 'm saddened by the tory win . 
  i want britain to stay in , but should britain vote to leave the european union , i think they should be 100 % thrown out . 
  no quarter given . 
  they should be thrown out of the free market and every other eu area of cooperation , no half-measures . 
  turks are not arabs . 
  thanks for the link , interesting read . 
   it was germany 's fault , because they knew that a global war was inevitable  treating war as if it was inevitable is a massive simplification what ? 
  do n't kid yourself , everyone in europe wanted a war , including france , germany and britain . 
  ww1 had been built up to for over 50 years . 
  turns out that when three huge empires exists next to each other with no law restraints on them , things turn bad . 
  ca n't deny that germany was militaristic , you 're right there . 
  germany was not responsible for ww1 . 
  the start of ww1 is a clusterfuck of major proprtions . 
  50 years of build up to war , the major powers are waiting for a reason to go to war . 
  the archduke is killed , and a-h has a reason to war serbia . 
  serbia calls russia to war . 
  a-h calls germany to war . 
  russia calls france to war . 
  and belgium 's treaty with britain calls britain to war . 
  it 's not germany 's fault , it 's the european balance of power idea in it 's greatest balancing act yet . 
  because it 's true . 
  if you do n't use your democratic powers to vote , and then complain about the outcome , then you are a hypocrite . 
  also , stop downvoting people you argue with , it 's not very polite . 
  then that 's their loss . 
  if you do n't vote , you have no right to complain . 
  something i 've never understood is why a conservative-ish party has the name `` left '' ? 
  why is that ? 
  oh god no , that would be a disaster . 
  as in displacing all of norge to great sverige . 
   the number is hard for brits -- for anyone -- to comprehend . 
  they ask for food , accommodation and the kind of care to which every child is entitled -- but providing the right care to so many is a task that would overwhelm a superpower , let alone a small nordic state . 
  implying britain is a superpower , top kek . 
  jokes are n't your thing i take it , my swedish friend ? 
  this constitutes proof that suomi on ruotsalainen . 
  i could do a very similar map . 
  question : do you eat julbord in your country for christmas ? 
  sweden : lots of yes . 
  the rest of europe : lots of noes . 
  linked but not combined indeed \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  they 're only closed during extreme snowfall in southen sweden , like stockholm . 
  in the north this is normal and schools would not be closed . 
  you can always use the tax data to steal christmas gifts from rich people and give them to the poor . 
  i guess kripp will have to return home then lul, 
  i think it 's hilarious that the polish anthem is the only anthem that mentions sweden . 
  sweden is n't anywhere to be found in our own anthem . 
  it 's such a shame that this is the case in so many countries in europe . 
  i think dubbing is awful and i ca n't stand it , subtitles are vastly superior . 
  it also contributes to the ineptitude in the english language in the dubber-countries . 
  people might learn it in school and such , but if you 're never exposed to it regularly ( which is usually through tv , films and video games ) your ability to speak and understand the language decays . 
  and alcohol . 
  stockholm is a beautiful city , such a shame that it 's full of stockholmare . 
  well , this new version of national service is just an experiment . 
  i think they will reintroduce full-fledged mandatory conscription for everyone like the old times in a few years . 
  the most important in my opinion thing is that sweden has a large and advanced enough military to make russia think twice , and if a few unwilling people have to `` sacrifice '' 9 months of their lives for that , then so be it . 
  sacrifice in quotes because it is n't like they will be sitting in a white room doing nothing , they will most certainly learn a good thing or two , and make new friends . 
  it 's not exactly doom and gloom . 
  that 's how it 's been for a couple of years ( conscrition was abolished like 8-something years ago i think ? 
  ) , but there simply are n't enough volunteers . 
  every year since conscription was abolished there has been a lack of about 2000 soldiers yearly . 
  it doesnt work , so we 're going back to the old system , lite version . 
  they 're going to draft people who are willing primarily . 
  every 18 year old will have to fill out a form , if by your answers you seem willing , you 're drafted . 
  it 's not random . 
  do you have any sources for stalin wanting all of finland ? 
  the demands they made that i can find is the soviets wanting karelia , a bunch of islands and such . 
  not the entirety of the country . 
  either way , that finland managed to hold off the soviet offensive for as long as they did is impressive , but it would n't have lasted . 
  the finnish forces were severely exhausted when peace was finally reached .
