  i thought so as well . 
  can we still be friends ? 
  thats the plan . 
  we never did anything wrong , always were nice . 
  gib pls ... 
  ah yes , the beautiful austrian city that is bonn . 
  really cute how as soon as sweden is mentioned , all the lunatics come out of the woodwork . 
  second comment already ? 
  ya 'll are getting fast with your mental diarrhea . 
  well done . 
  unfortunately , this is definitely part of it . 
  thank you !, 
  it is not , many people do so . 
  but simply yelling `` rapefugees bring shakira-law `` does not really count as a productive discussion . 
  yup . 
  and get absolutely horrendously shitfaced . 
  there you have the plot of the next transformers movie . 
  but what about the question we all want the answer to : does this mean finland or the netherlands win ? 
  # reeeeeeee !, 
  - admittedly , it 's pretty nice beer, 
  for god 's sake iceland, 
  nooo , that makes actual sense , and who would want that ? 
  only those filthy prussian parts actually . 
  i fotz da glei oane du grausigs huastenguadl . 
  ( please do n't leave us , i like living here ), 
  oh come on . 
  they clearly are . 
  really ? 
  fucked how exactly ? 
  most likely not , the fdp is too small . 
  but spd/greens/die linke just might be possible . 
  did someone say anschluss ? 
  well , i 've been to espoo ( 2nd largest ) and even that was quite nice and spacious . 
  take that upvote . 
  i know , i forgot the / s, 
  they spread to paris ? 
  of all places , i ca n't imagine how paris will change dealing with this whole new concept of riots !, 
  i really hope you guys get there . 
  so who are the russians going to support in our election ? 
  good luck trying to get the afd anywhere . 
  we have a rugby team ? 
  cool cool . 
  well here in southern germany there is no shortage of japanese people , they 're kind of always everywhere . 
  but fewer americans it seems . 
  that 's what i thought too . 
  then i realised how old the cartoon is . 
  what a silly thing to think . 
  clearly a hashtag . 
  is there a way to turn fog into electricity ? 
  if so , scotland should invest in that . 
  who actually does that , i 've never seen that happen, 
  but they do n't sound drunk . 
  they are drunk . 
  implying german is of any use in switzerland, 
  i kind of assumed this was early afternoon or something . 
  but sure , why not, 
  except for the suspicious lack of beer this looks just like home . 
  what a neat place . 
  you can buy it in germany as well , bavaria at least , but they sell it as chewing tobacco because snus is technically illegal . 
  it 's not as strong as the swedish one but one can always import it from sweden . 
  also : where did my first comment go ? 
  damn , we poor germans !, 
  do people actually believe this stuff ? 
  while that is true for r/germany , r/austria is , surprisingly , full of austrians . 
  did you miss us ? 
  https://mobile.twitter.com/srfnews/status/889457564618035200?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw&amp;ref_url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.swissinfo.ch%2feng%2fsociety%2fongoing-situation_schaffhausen-sealed-off-amid-security-threat%2f43355550 take a look for yourself . 
  edit : for the non-german speaking infidels : these pictures were officially released by the police . 
  what 's the other parties position on this ? 
  more like plutonium . 
  seriously what happend to you . 
  one year you 're in the world cup semis , and then you ca n't even qualifie for the euros . 
  who else should be our rival ? 
  england ca n't even beat iceland . 
  you 're all we 've got , come back plox . 
  the dutch have us . 
  with football at least , but they usually beat us in rankings of any kind . 
  i 'm afraid it 's going to be the latter , which is sad , a more integrated poland would be beneficial for everyone . 
  mate , you might be a bit too paranoid . 
  immigration has been a thing here for more then a hundred years . 
  do n't mistake me for a delusional idiot . 
  i know uncontroled immigration is contraproductive . 
  but terrorism is a symptom of unrest in the middle east , not of people fleeing from it . 
   which is the friendliest country , and the least probably ireland or somewhere in the south , spain , italy , croatia etc. 
  ca n't say anything about the least welcoming ones , obviously people from northern or eastern europe are a bit more reserved , but if you 're not a cunt and have a drink with someone then boom : everyone can be nice . 
   history classes most emphasis on ww2 , for obvious reasons , but ww1 and the 30 year war were also covered quite extensively . 
   favourite period of time the weekend generally , but the romans were pretty neat as well . 
   napoleon not dislike , but a bit complicated . 
  he introduced a lot of big changes to his empire , like the code napol\u00e9on , but he also covered the entire continent with war . 
  he also declared himself emperor right after france fought to abolish the monarchie , which is a little odd . 
   describe your country in one word complicated ? 
  yeah , a bit of a hyperbole , but you get the point . 
  \u201e oh no , there are areas in paris where a lot of people are not white . 
  shocking . `` do n't people like her realize that every large city has districts whith large groups of immigrants . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure that the fact that you 're black does not hinder your ability to speak french . 
  northern african people are n't a new phenomenon in france , fucking hell . 
  hey , we beat chile . 
  what is this \u201e humour `` you speak of ? 
  pretty sure i used even less at yesterday exam to be honest . 
  they better !, 
  or else who 's going to pay for everything ?
