also pretty odd that only like 1/3 of texas is apperantly texas . 
  [ insert achberlin.txt here ], 
  i 'm with you . 
  that seems a little , well , little . 
  was that most of what you were taught or just most of what you remember ? 
  i am several layers of offended . 
  am bavarian , can confirm . 
  i constantly shout like a prussian drill instructor . 
  are you proud of me yet mom ? 
  but why would a native not speak the language , 
  there 's always this one letter that fucks me over . 
  that was almost definitely wrong . 
  yes , all the way down south , called berchtesgaden . 
  you know , where good ol' adolf had his little house in the mountains . 
  [ this spot ] ( http://blog.berchtesgadener-land.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/aussichts-bank-kastensteinerwand-bischofswiesen.jpg ) on a little mountain . 
  the view is pretty decent . 
  well , i started because i had to take a language course for university , i already speak english and i sucked at french during school so norwegian it was . 
  also the girl i was dating at the time spoke it already , so that came in handy . 
  does norwegian qualify as exotic by those standards ? 
  we have a few vending machines with beer in them here down south with no way of age restriction , but they 're not really that popular , because you know what happens if a bottle of beer falls down before opening it . 
  just waiting for an austrian to say something about schnitzel and tunke ... 
  the amount of recorded school shootings here add up to a whooping number of six . 
  six . 
  ever . 
  that 's really not a realistic thing to be scared of . 
  since i 've been moving around in the german speaking world a lot , i can tell you that those situations only occure when people-like me-who only grew up speaking dialect clash together . 
  thankfully the german language has \u201e hochdeutsch `` , which everyone understands . 
  that 's probably the one you 've been learning . 
  if you 've never been exposed to the difference between the northern/southern dialekts that comes in quite handy . 
  * giggles in bavarian in all seriousness , germany has a wide variety of dialects . 
  i 've seen mates of mine talk to girls from northern germany in english because otherwise they just could not communicate properly . 
  same thing happened in italy once with my family , so i suppose it 's similar , given our quite analogous history . 
  if you 're planing to go to the oktoberfest this year you might have a problem finding a place to stay in munich , usually most places are booked up at this point . 
  it 's also a bit too touristy for my taste but if you do n't mind that you 'll have a grand time . 
  sounds like home . 
  i have , but that did n't stop me from making a dumb joke . 
  and here in bavaria you get burned at the stake and all your possessions and your firstborn child will be handed over to emperor seehofer . 
  not most vending machines , but yes , you can . 
  i let my american friends order , so you 're probably right , because that is exactly what i ate , i just called it a burger . 
  which apperantly was wrong . 
  this is mostly just a cultural misunderstanding . 
  in europe saying \u201e i 'm danish `` means you grew up in denmark and are therefore danish . 
  whereas in the us saying \u201e i 'm danish `` means that at some point your ancestors moved there from denmark . 
  so saying \u201e i 'm danish `` to a european means something different then it does to an american . 
  we value the country you were brought up in more then than the country your ancestors came from . 
  just do n't pretend you know more about the country your ancestors came from than the people who actually live there and you 'll be fine . 
  fucking hell , i guess we 've just got lucky up until now . 
  really ? 
  so a chicken burger ( or something similar ) would not be considered a real burger ? 
  anyway , whatever they gave to me , i loved it  i 'm learning so much on this website . 
  i should note that i was decently high . 
  but i 'm pretty sure there was meat in between buns with some fries . 
  i 've only been there once , but it was fucking divine . 
  best burger i 've ever had . 
  my perception might be a little scewed since my hometown is to a large part polish/czech , but should n't they be the ones who have a disdain against us . 
  i 'm not talking historical reasons , but if people from poland come here , then we are taking-albeit passively - their workforce away . 
  these people work here because the market needs them here , we need them . 
  what really pisses me off though is that i never encountered any form of anger in poland , and me and my friends go there regulary . 
  i would expect some older folks to detest us , given what they 've been through , but there was fuck all of that ; yet polish people are the ones being looked down upon ? 
  i rarely get upset , but that is absolute bonkers . 
  rant over , tl ; dr : what the fuck , nuke this planet . 
  really ? 
  why do poles get so much shit , that 's just bizarre . 
  there is no war i ba sing se . 
  not even fox news ? 
  that 's rather surprising . 
  as things are right now , i certainly would n't mind . 
  i actually admire the relaxation you got going there down south . 
  of course mostly strict enforcement is for the general good , but sometimes a bit of \u201e chill `` - for a lack of a better word - is beneficial to creation of business . 
  edit : i just realized that this is not really relevant to the question in this thread . 
  i might be drunk . 
  ignore me . 
  austrians always sound very cute to me ( voralberg to be excluded ) , but i might be a little biased as a bavarian . 
  technically yes , i did . 
  my great grandfather fought in ww1 , however he died when i was 4 years old , so naturally he did n't tell me anything . 
  but my grandma sometimes tells us the stories he passed on to them . 
  he was a simple infantry soldier on the eastern front , first in greece and later on in russia . 
  what stuck out the most was the story he sometimes told about stabbing 2 young russian men with his bayonette . 
  he said he shot multiple guys before , but stabbing them and slowly watching the life fade out of them was entirely different . 
  it changed him as a man , my grandma always says , that was n't the father she knew that came home after the war . 
  he would only open up about those things after he got drunk . 
  he still was kind to everyone he felt close to , but he got way more quiet and reserved , which is exactly the way i remember him . 
  a quiet , yet kind man , that sometimes started shaking under stress . 
  he tought my grandpa that blind killing is all that war is , and that there is no pride in slowly dying in a fight you did n't start . 
  none of my family went on to fight in ww2 , and they sold half of their belongings to help the only jewish family in our town flee to england . 
  he also always gave me some candy when he visited . 
  that 's probably the strongest memory i have . 
  ca n't speak for the whole country , but here they do n't starve , the cunts actually eat too much because there are no natural predators , so the national park introduced hunting quotas because too many deer destroy the fauna . 
  we do have feeding stations during winter though . 
  actually the new zealand accent is pretty distinct , you wo n't have a problem telling it apart from others . 
  canadian/american however is almost impossible from my point of view . 
  i looked at a map sorry could n't help myself . 
  martinshorn is n't the official name ? 
  til i broke polish law . 
  several times . 
  itt : non-poles saying poland , polish folks laughing . 
  at least they do n't pour sauce on their schnitzel i guess . 
  that made me cringe . 
  do some people really call it \u201e southern ireland `` ? 
  and slowenia ?
