  i mean , you basically described the netherlands . 
  the only other place i could think of aside from the countries you already mentioned would be northern spain . 
  it 's not at all what you probably have in mind when thinking about spain , the climate is very mild , it 's absurdly unknown as a tourist destination , the food is divine and everything is generally pretty chill . 
  great place for someone with your interests . 
  also vienna seems to be a good fit . 
  if you 're talking about the pineapple-on-pizza heresy , that 's on canada actually . 
  there are a few pretty decent satire shows , but overall it 's absolutely dreadful . 
  whatever that is , it 's not wei\u00dfwurst . 
  at least not the one i 'm used to . 
  my hometown is a popular tourist destination and i 'm pretty sure i could tell you every japanese holiday from memory . 
  same for america . 
  it 's literally just the bavarian/austrian dialect of \u201e alter `` . 
  i think what you mean by this is if there are specific universities where a rather \u201e extreme `` right or left wing mindset is the general consensus on campus , right ? 
  i 've seen and heard stuff from green or ucla from my american friends , and i 'm pretty sure there is no such vehement political shit going on in unis here , but i think that 's also partly because universities in the states tend to be much more of a close community then here , so a rampant political ideologie is easily formed , whereas a university here is just a place where you go to listen to a lecture , maybe have some parties here and there and that 's it , outside of that people just hang out with their usual group of friends . 
  obviously unis that are more focused on social-science and stuff like that tend to be more left leaning then stem-field focused ones , which are generally more centre-right , but so far i think that 's a very american phenomenon . 
  in case of bavaria probably because there 's very little to actually complain about . 
  we 're fairly autonomous , economy 's doing really good , the weather 's pretty nice right now as well ... 
  vice versa . 
  i got some finnish folks to speak german . 
  they ended up sounding weirdly franconian . 
  you know , i was about to thank you but it just felt really wrong typing that out \u00dc, 
  is n't genocide usually our party trick ? 
  so every parisian is secretly just 3 algerians in a trenchcoat ? 
  well , why not . 
  this might be off topic but i just want to say i love you spain . 
  i 've been there multiple times and people where always chill as fuck and welcoming . 
  i 've got lost horribly in m\u00e1laga one time and some random old guy let me crush on his couch . 
  also the food was unbelievable . 
  drunk love-rant over . 
   except a bavarian thanks friendos . 
  if you 're not from voralberg an austrian accent is just kind of adorable and charming . 
   they small talk to strangers the true american horror story . 
  this is the real answer right here . 
  eastern europe did take refugees , a big margin of them just left to germany under the impression that everything is better here . 
  which is not necessarily true . 
  would probably end up being longer than the original . 
  in all its beauty . 
  i understand where you 're coming from but you have to remember that patriotism does not mean nationalism . 
  germany is a nice country and there is nothing wrong about acknowledging that . 
  loving the country you live in is n't bad , but it can turn malicious once people start thinking their country is superior to every other one . 
  it is possible to feel pride for your country while still respecting others and building a good relationship with them , which in my opinion is what we should aim for . 
  im with you mate . 
  fucking love that cow-juice . 
  simply ask the guys at the anschlussbest\u00e4tigungsformularaush\u00e4ndigungsgesellschaftshauptwachtmeisterinformationsschalter , they will help you out . 
  vote bayernpartei !, 
  make bavaria kingdom again !, 
  thank you for your cooperation . 
  now will you please fill out this anschlussbest\u00e4tigungsformular to start your integration . 
  used to go out with a girl from finland , she 's a walking stereotype at times , but great fun . 
  did n't speak much german at the beginning though . 
  no real difficulties , 9/10 would do again . 
  get wasted , make out , repeat part one , have sex . 
  depending on if the outcome of this is satisfactory you are open to discuss if this is a relationship now . 
  and by discuss i mean this : `` are we dating `` `` yeah , i think so `` `` cool cool ``, 
  i can only add gojira , not just one of the best french bands , but also one of the best bands in general . 
  also it feels god damn strange to type that in high-german . 
  how on earth do you get a degree in ancient greek or hebrew ? 
  just asking because i 've recently taken an interest in hebrew . 
  hey , finally someone i can ask !, 
  what language do you think is the closest to faroese and did your knowledge in that language help you with any other ones ? 
  also , how strongly would you say it differs from the closely related ones ? 
  fluent in german and english , my norwegian is not as good as it used to be since i hardly get the opportunity to use it . 
  i also possibly could have a conversation in finnish-if it 's not too technical-but my grammar is n't perfect and i sometimes mix up a few words . 
  but you have to admit , the native american folklore is absolutely amazing , dark and gritty but also peaceful and harmonic . 
  thank god for the dresden files for introducing me to it !, 
  why is he speaking elvish ? 
  that is awfully true , but your resolution ( which i agree with ) is not going to happen , not in the near future at least . 
  you see , the regime in saudi arabia is very much dependent on it 's extreme wahabism culture , and those religious extremists depend on the regime as well , even though they do n't like each other that much . 
  one will not be able to exist without the other one , so it just keeps going . 
  for outside governments the largest country on the arabian peninsula is just too much of a valuable ally to give up , and the money that flows within both directions keeps this catastrofuck of a system going . 
  noone likes the other one , but they all need each other in one way or another . 
  that would be amazing . 
  but most importantly : would that mean that canada can participate in the esc ? 
  well , i 'd also rather die in a warm and cozy place like portugal than have my last dying wish be some warmth in a frozen ikea bed in sweden . 
  ( sorry sweden ), 
  yeah , shame on merkel for letting those turkish people into turkey amiright !, 
  pretty sure that 's a turkish hotel ... 
  if it 's not just a plain map i usually start at the left with portugal and go to the right from there so i do n't miss anything . 
  i heard about it as well , and im not even frensh, 
  exactly !, 
  we all know it does n't exist . 
  what is this `` bielefeld `` you speak of ? 
  other people in general i suppose . 
  ah yes , remineds of the time the german army had to use actual fucking broomsticks during a training operation . 
  fear us !, 
  i really did n't mean to sound all edgelord , i just really do n't like the extremely tourist-trimmed stuff . 
  the city itself sure is nice , i just hate crowds . 
  your teacher called them that ^ ^ well yeah , paris is still shit ( the tourist parts at least ) but france overall is quite lovely . 
  things did n't really change all too much . 
   looky looky men what on earth do you mean by that ? 
  do n't know anything specific about the unemployment rate in france , but i 'm fairly certain it 's not going through the roof . 
  2/10 , nice try pal . 
  excuse me ? 
  where is the damn inquisition when you need it ... 
  this guy seems unbiased . 
  we can trust him . 
  aww , that 's sweet . 
  * buys you a shot of ouzo . 
  if your electoral system works roughy as ours does , and as far as i know it does , we 're good right ? 
  really ?
