  so now we tried almost the same treatment , but instead of everything being online with interaction in person about once a month , we now met up once a week and talked about the material and everything in my life , my thoughts etc. 
  after a while the weekly meetings became biweekly , then monthly and then every two months . 
  [ and now that i 've written all that nonsense i still have n't really answered your question . 
  but it comes down to : talking to someone who is n't judging you or your thoughts but instead reflects with you about them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uclccfng9q4 ), 
  so did the majority of quake pros play with acceleration then ? 
  never heard of this before this thread and i 've been a huge fan of quake 3 since it came out . 
  i think you can benefit heavily from psychiatry . 
  my biggest opponent is my own thoughts , and i have come such a long way in dealing with them that i in no way could 've done without the help i got . 
  but it 's always up to you what you share . 
  i absolutely left things out that i did n't want to talk about , so they were never brought up ( these are things that could 've been brought up without me specifically talking about them ) and i still got a huge benefit from talking about all the other stuff i was `` comfortable '' talking about . 
  for me personally the talking part was a huge part of the fixing part . 
  it should also be a very personalized treatment , what works for some does n't work for others ; find what improves your quality of life . 
  and of course there are bad psychiatrists , there are bad everything , so if you happen to end up with a baddie do n't give up straight away and maybe try to find a new one . 
  so good, 
  you know exactly what 's going on, 
  yup , it 's insane how much sugar are in regular `` fruit juice '', 
  it does in some games . 
  in quite a few actually . 
  i have no idea how / u/pm-dat _ ass concluded that you want players dropped though . 
  what about when the weapon is n't hitscans ? 
  junkrats left click for example ? 
  you seem knowledgeable about this ; so i 'll ask instead of searching for the answer myself !, 
  amazing ... 
  damn , i followed the chain in the hopes that someone had done this :(, 
  what about when the pizza is so greasy that you have to scrub yourself clean for 15 minutes to get it off your hands ? 
  at least you get some internet points for it, 
  i feel that a greasy pizza is still a pizza that should be eaten , but maybe not with your hands !, 
  it 's smarter to use your mouth . 
  thank you for sharing your story . 
  i have n't gone through what you have so i ca n't comment on a lot of it . 
  but the last paragraph rings very true for me . 
  i 'm a bit jelly of this one . 
  i 've used 5 screens as the most and got effective use out of 3 of them . 
  now i 'm back to 2 since my games started to lag when i had more connected for some unknown reason ( i do feel that gtx 970 and i7-6700k should be able to handle it ) . 
  everything becomes so much clearer when you can dedicate a whole monitor to it without having to hide something else . 
  unintentional side effect , mate :(, 
  for a controller to work it would need to be able to do what a mouse does best : big but precise movements . 
  so if you could change your controller sensitivity on the fly so that you can do huge movements seamlessly followed by more precise movements . 
  i do n't see any reason why this could n't be as viable as a mouse + keyboard and i 'm a 100 % ( these days ) pc only person . 
  i guess the problem might lie in the time it takes to get good , i.e. 
  1000 hours with a controller is not worth as much as 1000 hours with a mouse . 
  after i `` hit the wall '' during my 2nd college year i felt so stupid for the longest time , and i still feel very stupid 4 years later . 
  when you read something that you used to know very well and now it looks like gibberish , it 's literally psychological hell . 
  i 'm now in a job where i 'm using my `` knowledge '' and i 'm scared every day that suddenly i 'm not gon na understand anything anymore . 
  also , i used to have a huuuge vocabulary and have 0 problems when forming sentences , how to spell words etc ; now i live with a lexicon tab always open for every sentence i write . 
  definitely , it sounds a bit sarcastic in my mind when the 2nd person uses it , hence why i added :( instead of a dot , mate . 
  then my life would sound a lot more interesting than it is , which would be fun for a while i guess . 
  is n't a sentence that goes descriptively overboard more fun to read than something that just goes straight to the point ? 
  this happens to me a lot . 
  i like a song and i just play it to death , every time i start spotify i start with the song i 'm currently stuck on . 
  i just switched my starting song after about 2 weeks of it ; it 's now 2nd . 
  you think gambling addiction is n't a physical affliction ? 
  go read about addiction in general and you 'll soon find out why it 's called an addiction . 
  you did n't talk about them though . 
  you talked about everyone else , saying that everyone else would do the same in their situation . 
  which is a statement that ca n't be proven in any way , but i believe a true poll would lean towards the opposite result . 
  for a person with morals to do something like steal a lot of money ( which it is , it 's just not against the law in this case ) they have to instill a new false morale where stealing is n't wrong . 
  keep in mind i 'm only talking in large scale now as with csgowild , it 's not that hard to understand reasons as to why poor people steal , or even why criminals steal . 
  but when you have a regular income and are doing just fine without doing shady shit , why would you then fuck anyone over if you 're a decent person ? 
  only answer to this is that you 're not a decent person . 
  [ `` in many ways , physical and psychological are identical in that they activate similar brain regions '' ] ( http://www.rehabs.com/just-the-facts-psychological-vs-physical-addiction/ ), 
  it is just as destructive to be addicted to a non-substance like gambling as it is to be addicted to a substance such as heroin . 
  the difference between the two comes from the side-effects and that physical addiction can make you literally dependent on the substance to survive . 
  other than that ; addiction is addiction . 
  i just answered your previous answer in an asshole way because you did the same , or well because you did n't answer , you just asked a question inferring it was a stupid question , which it is not because of all the similarities between the two . 
  i have never personally used one of these random gambling sites ; i have gambled on cs : go games though . 
  what question are you answering ? 
  it 's not the same one i answered with my ending sentence at least . 
  if you are an owner of one of these sites as you just wrote `` my site '' ; care to explain how you think it 's not stealing/scamming to prevent people from withdrawing their skins ? 
  it 's opportunistic nothing else , it was n't hard to foresee valve shutting these sites down eventually . 
  can you honestly say that you did n't go into the project of a random gambling site with quick easy money in mind ? 
  quick easy money does n't exist without someone getting fucked . 
  there was an ow tournament where other contestants felt that steel 's team was treated favorably and there was some outrage . 
  but as / u/swbp0undcake wrote it turned out to be a misunderstanding . 
  i did doe . 
  i just wanted to inform people who might 've missed the `` outrage '' surrounding ow . 
  what if i told you that agreeing on one thing does n't mean you agree on everything . 
  welp thanks !, 
  i was developing an app with this idea but since it already exists i can spend my time elsewhere, 
  it 's hard to find new people to play with unless you already have an established group of people . 
  this has nothing to do with what kind of person you are or how good you are , it 's just a fact that `` randoms '' are worse in everyone 's mind and it 's easier to assume everyone else is shit instead of `` i 'm shit '' . 
  i 've gotten way better since i started listening to my own advice , it 's about what i could 've done different instead of what my team could 've done different . 
  of course there are times when there 's nothing you can do ; like when you kill 3 + people alone and everyone is still hugging reinhardt 's shield . 
   oh and , lem ? 
  i 'm talking about real cs ( no '' : go '' included ) here . 
  hilarious statement . 
  i 've played cs since a friend showed me the early beta and i 've easily played 1.5-1 .6 more than the rest ( 900 hours global in cs : go atm ) and i go back to play 1.6 every now and then . 
  it is pure shit in comparison in every way possible but nostalgia is a strong force . 
  if you really gave go a chance instead of `` the only true cs is this old ass version '' you would see that it is way better . 
  i mean , everyone knows that experience , a lot of time and concrete data does n't lead to a better product ... 
  as someone with a lot of ear/wax problems this probably felt like heaven when it was done, 
  i recently had a finger shoved up my ass for this reason . 
  at least i know my prostate is fine . 
   zero detection mechanism, 
  what ? 
  junkrat trap , widowmaker trap , torbj\u00f6rn turret , symmetra turret , widow ult and hanzo shift . 
  i 'm sure i forget something , but there are detection mechanisms available . 
  if you 're playing these characters without using their kit as information outside of damage -  you 're playing them wrong . 
  what a way to undermine depression .
