  i rather have 4 extra overwatch cases and you find the cheater in the 5th than to not find that cheater at all . 
  it 's not really `` extra '' work . 
  if you do 5 cases every week , you will still do 5 cases every week but 4 of them you can see no foul play so you just tick the insufficient evidence box and go on your way . 
  it does bring extra waiting time for someone to get ow-banned ; but like i said i prefer this over them never getting banned . 
  i 've gotten the `` how can these guys be so bad '' - feeling a lot these past weeks . 
  it 's always followed by getting stomped until a loss the next half . 
  i used to think it 's because of maps favoring one side , or just one side being the stronger for those specific people . 
  but this is wishful thinking seeing how much it has happened . 
  i have a 50 $ gift card to in-n-out but i live in sweden and ca n't do shit with it . . 
  i feel like you need to headshot a lot more than just tanks . 
  i ca n't recall ever oneshotting someone with a bodyshot . 
  from reading on [ the wiki ] ( http://overwatch.gamepedia.com/widowmaker ) her charged shot does 150 dmg . 
  which means she only oneshots tracer and zenyatta . 
  i was into a session and wanted to play hanzo after being `` forced '' to play support the last 2 games . 
  so i pick hanzo and am ready to make use of my geometry skills . 
  then another guy on team picks hanzo and writes `` reported if you pick hanzo , i picked first '' . 
  i respond `` you play what you want , i play what i want '' . 
  since i was soloqueueing at the time i managed to end up in with a 5-man premade . 
  i had to mute 4 of them within the first five minutes . 
  we ended up winning pretty hard with me having all gold medals and potg . 
  still they kept spamming `` report brave_at_work '' whole game . 
  people are morons . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with parents failing to raise their children . 
  it has to do with people , in general , not feeling that the internet is a place where normal social constructs exist . 
  when people say stuff like `` you fucking nigger cunt '' they think they are saying it into the nothingness and that consequences does n't exist . 
  the problem is that this is true for the most part ; there are no real consequences for being a huge asshole online . 
  the only consequence is that you might be banned for a short amount of time ( it is very hard to become permabanned in online games for just being an ass ) and that regular people who understands that there are people on the other side wants nothing to do with you . 
  you literally never commented on someone else in a game with a negative tone ? 
  what region are you playing on ? 
  it was fine for europe the first few days . 
  but now at least 50 % of my games has 2-3 whiners and russian ragers . 
  i 'm not even remotely kidding . 
  i 've gotten up early these past mornings to get some gaming in before work and those games have been pure shit . 
  i 've been playing a lot of overwatch since release . 
  but i still had the urge to play cs : go creep up on me . 
  so i boot up a game , end up with ragers/whiners and possibly a wh on other team . 
  i might actually be done with cs until the % to play with hackers/ragers/assholes at global disappears . 
  which means i 'll be gone for good , good bye !, 
  eller t.o.m. 
  i already feel brave when i game because of my crippling emotional fear of people :d, 
  thicker skin , as in ignore the bad things and just play anyway ? 
  if you go play any sport and the other team is cheating , would you find it just as fun , would you keep coming back to play more ? 
  i love cs : go and i 'm fairly good at it . 
  but it 's not worth the hassle when the playground is unfair . 
  esea : i have a bit of backbone in that i do n't want to support known shady businesses by using their service . 
  faceit : might actually be a viable option for me i guess . 
  i 've played around 50ish games on it and on average it is probably more fun than normal mm . 
  cevo : i 've only heard bad things from friends etc , so i ca n't really talk on it since i have n't tried it myself . 
  but might be a viable option i guess . 
  i just think it 's sad that a games ' official competitive mode is so infested with bullshit . 
  i do n't help the situation by whining about it , but i 'm not the one with responsibility to fix the situation ; valve is . 
  awesome stuff !, 
  i 've done the old kick cheaters and play with 4 bots for 15-15 once ( the premade cheaters started to disconnect one after another and i took the opportunity to kick them while i could ) . 
  i genuinely used to play like that and i loved it . 
  now , i have a bigger screen so it does n't get as cluttered , but i still do n't go the minimalistic route !, 
  because of console peasants . 
  yep . 
  this is exactly what would happen . 
  how is rewarding someone else for playing a game mode that you do n't like stupid ? 
  not everyone has the same tastes and want to do the same things . 
  there are people who only play against bots in games and have several hundreds of hours of it . 
  i would never ever do that because it provides no challenge , but i do n't think it is stupid that they play a way which they find fun . 
  if they do it like hearthstone all you have to do is win one game of it every week to claim your reward . 
  sometimes you like the brawl so you continue to play even after you won , other times you just want that win to be over . 
  it would guarantee the brawl to get some action . 
  fuck ear problems ... 
  i skipped christmas with family a year because of ear inflammation which hurt so much that i could n't focus on anything . 
  wow ... people are truly assholes how they justify destroying peoples experience playing the game . 
  it would be an interesting thing to contact these cheaters and talk to them about why they cheat , why they think it is ok and so on . 
  like , do they understand that a majority of people would n't want anything to do with them if they knew they were cheaters . 
  i guess cheaters hang out with cheaters though . 
  you are probably thinking of the mm ladder overhaul . 
  they wanted to fix the distribution of players and their ranks . 
  this happened during a vac wave so it was especially noticable since a part of the player base was lost . 
  i actually got demoted when winning 4 games in a row when this happened , was weird . 
  i 'm taking this from my own memory , so i might be the one miss remembering , sorry if that is the case . 
  you said that rewarding arcade players without rewarding regular players is stupid , or have i misinterpreted that ? 
  you 're not forced to play arcade . 
  if you want to get your reward , you play it until you get it . 
  maybe you hate it and despise blizzard for making you do that thing you did n't want to do because you would never ever play arcade if it was n't for that reward . 
  or maybe you want to get your reward , you do n't really want to play arcade but maybe this week is something that you actually find fun . 
  if the reward available once a week was n't there , you would never even try the arcade which you actually found to be fun . 
  we already have a reward for playing the game itself , loot boxes and levels . 
  i think blizzards model is very rewarding compared to a lot of other game makers , and that is why so many are hooked on their games . 
  for example , cs : go , you get a couple of drops guaranteed each week , you do n't know when but you know you 're gon na get a box ( which you can open with real money to get skins ) or you 're gon na get a skin directly . 
  usually the direct skin is very crappy and you feel that it did n't really matter if you got it or not . 
  these drops are reset each wednesday . 
  this is shit compared to getting a loot box every time you level up . 
  hearthstone is very similar in the set-up of how you can choose to play the game . 
  and it is very successful in what it does , so why not copy something that is known to work ? 
  is when esl officially bought esea . 
  this is 6 months ago , that 's nothing . 
  [ used this article as reference ] ( http://www.hltv.org/news/16444-esl-confirms-esea-acquisition ) . 
  and in it , it also says `` the deal will not affect esea 's operations as the company will continue to be run as an independent entity , benefiting , however , from the products and services provided by esl . '', 
  so your claim that it 's not even the same company anymore is bullshit . 
  the original people might not be involved but some people that were around when the bitcoin ( for example ) scandal happened is surely still there . 
  i 've noticed this symbol a lot . 
  like every single game . 
  i have great internet 100/100 and never any lasting lag in any other game . 
  is it the server pressure that 's making blizz servers lag ?
