  i 'm kinda stopped playing tracer because my e just does n't go through when i press it . 
  yadadadada i 'm bad , probably . 
  i love reading comments which has nothing to do with the topic itself ( if it 's not random gibberish :d ), 
  where did you find that picture of me ? 
  i demand you take it down . 
  what i 'm saying is that i do n't like what they have done , what i 've read about them and so on . 
  even if 99 % of what i think about them is false , until they are proven to be trusted ( do n't really know how they can prove this ) i have no reason to use their service since i rather not play at all ( might have to do with cs : go not being a top priority in my life ) if they are the only viable alternative . 
  am aware of this . 
  i 've been trying out different dns-servers to try and get the data to take a different physical route . 
  no luck though . 
  someone give this man gold !, 
  ( i 'm too poor to myself :( ), 
  ah , let 's change the analogy from `` cheating '' to `` asshole behaviour that is n't punished '' . 
  it 's not that i ca n't play with assholes , because if that was the case i would n't have even made it out of silver 4 and really as you say , you do need to grow a thick skin to be able to play games nowadays . 
  it 's about weighing the enjoyment against the misery ; and right now it is to much misery . 
  revision of rule # 11 : reconfigure so shield is a toggle instead of hold down, 
  haha is that a real unedited scene ? 
  can confirm the confirmation . 
  i 'm a decent bhopper and i love lucio . 
  also ; it 's cool as hell compared to everyone elses special movement . 
  edit : do n't think i was intending to reply to this one , but i 'll let it stand because i 'm brave, 
  except that our society today is very focused on the bad kind of food and it usually comes in too big portions . 
  so to say `` just eat healthy '' is n't as straight forward as it sounds . 
  indeed ... 
  where can i find these changes to mccree you 're talking about ? 
  the 40 + widow might 've just had a bad game and is usually just owning up everyone !, 
  it 's interesting that a majority of the stories end along the lines of `` i got a new job which is way better both in salary and environment '' . 
  [ but i do n't want to be that guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ablr0f4.gif ), 
  i 'm in the same situation , although there are personal reasons for me being shy/quiet . 
  i 've tried to enter conversations with them when they are talking about subjects i know nothing about and it feels like i 'm talking nonsense most of the time . 
  everything would be so much easier if the feeling of having to contribute to a conversation did n't exist . 
  some people are children and decide to troll for no reason . 
  very well worded . 
  for me it 's basically obsessive thoughts . 
  for example ; i had a planned phone call with a doctor which was booked last week for this week . 
  i 've been thinking about how to handle that call since it was booked during work hours and i have to plan how to get away to take it . 
  i do this because i 'm not able to just take it and have everyone judge me on what they might overhear etc. 
  and now this week the call did n't come as planned and i sat on spikes the whole day . 
  no call that day , so i stressed over why there was no call instead . 
  the call came the next day with very bad timing when i was just done peeing and it destroyed me in that moment because it was n't a comfortable situation . 
  the call itself was fine and i just went out in the corridor where no one was to take it . 
  oh and of course the biggest part is i have n't really been out on the town , with friends etc for about 3 years now . 
  not meeting any new people and my old people keeps disappearing . 
  interesting . 
  no wonder there are so much cancerous behaviour online if 1 in 20 is a troll . 
  it 's easily my favorite but i did n't think that was a `` popular opinion '' since my family/friends hate dr pepper . 
  this brawl is so shitty ... 
  the one who gets the most expensive legendary out with the -3 cost card is the one who wins . 
  always . 
  why downvote him ? 
  he 's correct . 
  what game today does n't have progression ? 
  take any random game and it will probably have some kind of progression . 
  hell even quake 3 arena had progression in single player . 
  me , myself , i enjoy the progression part of overwatch a lot . 
  prestige is a fun concept , i 'm level 68 right now and my own `` stopping points '' are usually when i leveled and open a loot box . 
  in hearthstone i always ( mostly ) complete the quests i have and i do the brawl for a pack each week . 
  i find the game to be extremely fun and would like to play it just to play it , but when time is limited it 's nice to have specific goals . 
  why not stack fun on top of fun ? 
  hanzo vs genji brawl was so shit though . 
  i played two games of it and both were 1 hanzo on each team with 5 genjis . 
  genji was just so much stronger in the matchup . 
  so sometimes it 's good that people does n't play the brawl because then blizzard sees that it is shit . 
  it is fun . 
  because you get a concrete reward for leveling up and you get a measurable number which you can compare with friends/others . 
  rewards and competition is fun . 
  in regular play , yes . 
  when there are 1-5 genjis looking at you and all deflecting at various times , oh and they are also all rushing you down . 
  good luck . 
  i agree that they did n't need progression . 
  but if they had it , would it not be a better game ? 
  happened to me when i was younger . 
  it was friends of mine fucking me by telling me this girl was interested in me and invited her to join us when we did things . 
  she joined us and we had fun , so i took it as great . 
  then when i even hung out with her alone a couple of times i got confronted by her because i had been talking about her to other friends . 
  i was then rejected quite loudly and publicly at school . 
  my `` friends '' just laughed saying things like `` you really thought she was interested '' . 
  holy shit it 's even more fucked up when writing it down . 
  root of my trust issues . 
  this . 
  i played a lot of lucio in beginning but since then i 've noticed what this thread is about a lot . 
  basically people are generally playing too passive and is n't trying to force a push but rather they are trying to win a poke-war . 
  yeah , similar things happened afterwards a few times which led me to isolate myself quite a lot . 
  i actively tried not to become friends with too many ( more than 1-3 ) in my classes in college because i have so much trouble with people showing their true colors after a while . 
  usually i end up on the outside because i do n't want to hang out with assholes . 
  this is what i 've told myself , if it 's the truth , that can be debated . 
  why i ca n't finish anything i star, 
  the way riot ( league of legends ) does things is a pretty decent way :, 
  every season they change the game a lot by removing things they do n't see working with what they want to do and implementing new features . 
  for example : they removed boots enhancements and trinket enhancements this season even though it was a completely new feature the season before . 
  now , saying that . 
  i 'm completely bored of lol with all the changes and it does n't feel the same anymore . 
  i 'm not really a casual scrub , i have all champions and ( too ) many skins , diamond rank . 
  i think it was cs : go who started the downfall of lol for me , and now ow is keeping that downfall on the path down . 
  hmm , what was my point again ... 
  wow ... is this a regular thing ? 
  this is hilarious !, 
  i was actually in a similar mindset as you , even after seeing a psychiatrist a couple of times and only feeling positive when leaving . 
  and because of this i chose a more self-reliant way of treating my problems with the psychiatrist through an online 12-week kbt program . 
  this seemed like a good idea , but unfortunately it was n't enough for me to get the wanted `` breakthrough '' .
