  being `` happy '' from watching comedy is nothing more than a distraction . 
  i 've recently figured out ( for me personally ) that you ca n't distance or distract yourself from depression because it will still be there and it might grow even stronger when you leave it unmanaged . 
   got ta be genuine though, 
  so if your depression is still there even after laughing your ass off for a couple of hours your joy was n't genuine ? 
  most people with depression will tell you that having a sense of humor and laughing at funny things is usually not a problem . 
  i guess it may look like i 'm attacking you , i 'm not , i think it 's great that you leave positive comments about being positive . 
  in reality though , these sentiments does n't work . 
  i do n't think `` regular '' people view depressed people as disabled , or in general even as a serious problem . 
  just think of all the times someone says something along the lines of `` life is hard , suck it up '' , which is a sentence that would never be uttered by someone who have experienced mental health issues/depression , at least not in a `` this is the answer , just do it '' kind of way . 
  i 'm very aware of my depression and i 've gotten help and tried everything available to me ( medicine , cbt etc ) and i still make excuses like `` why am i being such a little bitch right now ? '' . 
  so if someone like me with several years of first hand debilitating depression have problems taking depression as seriously as it needs to be taken ; how can `` regular '' people relate and understand ? 
  i do believe that severe depression , where there 's a high risk of self damage , should be labeled as a very serious disease that ca n't be left untreated . 
  i can for certain say that if i had n't reached out when i did i probably would n't be here today . 
  i put everything in deeper plates , it 's just so much more comfortable no matter what you 're eating . 
  i also thought this as a kid , i do n't remember why i thought so but i did until it clicked when watching other people use elevators . 
  wow ... 
  i picture so many frustrating snacks in your past . 
  yep . 
  it would probably make my year if a girl asked me out . 
  rejection is hard af for me and i do n't even try anymore , so if someone shows interest in me without me having to take a risk : yes please . 
  fur is murder !, 
  fuck man ... 
  i would literally die ... 
  exactly . 
  it 's a struggle to find what works for each individual person and what works for a while may stop working . 
  it 's a constant struggle that unfortunately becomes harder and harder the longer you 're in it . 
  i can take myself as an example of this . 
  when i first tried anti-depressants i felt great the first 2-3 months , i suddenly had extra energy and looked forward to life and everything in it . 
  then they stopped working . 
  we upped the dosage : nothing ; we switched medicine : nothing ; we switched some more : allergic reaction ; cbt with medicine ; cbt without medicine ; ect ( shock therapy ) . 
  it worked for a while , i think because i really gave everything a fair shot and with `` the right attitude '' it was basically placebos . 
  my biggest breakthrough came after i stopped with anti-depressants and started looking at my life with my own eyes , why i thought the way i did , why it seemed like i was different etc. 
  so together with a psychologist we created a system where i , basically , ignore my feelings and treat my every thought with `` is there logic behind this ? '', 
  and if there 's any doubt of logic i distract myself with various entertainment . 
  this solution gave me the energy to get my life back on the right track after ~ 2 years of ( really ) nothing . 
  but after about 6 months of this working awesome ( = i 'm actually content most of the time and it feels like my life is moving forward instead of standing still ) i started having problems again . 
  so now , together with a new psychologist ( not for not liking my old one , i was `` forced '' to switch because of reasons ) the plan is to work through my problems instead of ignoring them . 
  the reason this was not done earlier is because i have n't been in a good enough place to even try to work through my problems . 
  sorry if it 's a ramble not worthy of anything , i feel that when i read other peoples ' rambles i get something from them so hopefully this can raise some positive thoughts , somehow . 
  edit : i should add that i also self-medicated with cannabis during my most recent upswing . 
  it 's basically a break from the misery , and of course i want more and more breaks so this has actually became a problem now : `` i 'll just smoke friday , saturday '' , `` i 'll just smoke friday , saturday , sunday '' , `` i handled monday fine when i smoked sunday so i 'll just smoke when i feel like it '' , `` i 'll just smoke monday , tuesday , wednesday , thursday , friday , saturday , sunday '' . 
  this seems to actually be the go to for couples who want to play together . 
  i can recount at least 4 couples i know where the girl started to play and became the dedicated healer . 
  depression is different for everyone and i 'm sure some can get themselves out of it all alone but it 's insanely hard in my experience . 
  it 's easy to become better a short while but to stay a functioning human being for longer than a few weeks/a couple of months you are going to need help . 
  the help does n't have to mean go to a psychiatrist all the time or trying a lot of medicine , it can be enough to just talk about it with someone once every/every other month . 
  it 's about getting the energy back that depression has drained . 
  if she refused to believe you for no reason other than `` i 'm correct and you 're not '' then in no way are you an idiot for trying to convince her . 
  i do n't understand people who does n't want their world view to be correct , i guess it 's way easier being ignorant . 
  was just about to reply with this . 
  wtf kind of sentence is that ? 
  100 hours community service and 5 months in jail for hitting someone with your car , not even calling an ambulance or even checking on the body , fleeing and then lying about what happened , oh and he was also drunk . 
  you ca n't read one of these threads for too long ... 
  [ du kan ju b\u00f6rja h\u00e4r om du vill ] ( https://www.quora.com/what-are-some-actual-reasons-why-people-think-donald-trump-would-be-a-bad-president-not-including-his-appearance-wealth ), 
  if they remove killcams in competitive they better add replays before the removal . 
  a game is n't fun when you keep dying and you ca n't figure out why , which is what will happen a lot if they remove killcam . 
  i really liked your ideas with different types of turrets !, 
  that could be exactly what she needs . 
  it probably would n't serve any purpose other than punishing him for being so irresponsible that a person died because of his actions . 
  i did have his kid and his life in mind when i commented , but i feel that a life is worth more than 5 months + 100 hours . 
  i do understand that circumstances of course matters a lot and it 's not really possible to understand the judge 's decision without having the same information as he did . 
  it 's hard to discuss these sort of things because opinions can vary so much and you ca n't really talk in broad strokes because every case is different . 
  for example , i would 've been fine with the sentence if the guy immediately tried taking responsibility instead of running and lying . 
  sure it 's a horrible situation to be in and you 're probably not thinking straight , or you 're just focused on your own family , but why is his family more important than the victims ? 
  and justice can for sure be revenge . 
  i feel that the `` nazi hunters '' after ww2 were justified when hunting down and killing war criminals instead of hunting down and bringing them to a courtroom . 
  this is the thinking that has fucked online gaming interactions . 
  kids growing up with people writing hateful shit in youtube comments thinking this is how people interact online . 
  so as soon as something can be interpreted as negative towards you as a person , you take it personally and attack instead of trying to understand what that person meant by it ; unfortunately they often mean to be an asshole , i.e. 
  the criticism is n't constructive . 
  it 's hard , i try to give tips/encourage teamwork but it 's almost always interpreted as `` i 'm much better than you noob listen to what i have to say '' when it 's something as harmless as `` eco this round and buy next '' . 
  i 'm aware of this and that is why i 'm constantly writing `` i feel '' and `` i would 've '' instead of implying it 's how it should be . 
  this is my opinion , and it 's not a very good or thought out opinion in regards to laws and rules within society . 
  it 's not that interesting to comment on these types of things when leaving your emotions out of it as that would ( probably ) lead to more stale discussions where it looks like everyone is sort of agreeing . 
  cyka, 
  rolls of the tongue, 
  i do n't think you understand what i mean by `` ca n't figure out why '' . 
  i do n't mean `` wtf just happened !?!, 
  '' , which is also a situation that will happen but should n't really be a big concern . 
  what i 'm talking about is the situation when one team is dominating the other and it feels like no matter what you try you ca n't get any advantage on them . 
  if you do n't have killcam this is a very hard situation to tackle because you literally have a lot less information about how they are setup . 
  maybe i should 've written a bit more about what i meant to get the point across , but it 's not that hard to deduce that less `` free '' information will lead to more one-sided games . 
  similar thing happened to me during high school ( 15-18 ) where there was a pretty weird kid ( he had been very sheltered in his upbringing and was pretty shy ) who `` the badasses '' often would pick on . 
  i was probably one of the guys he would count not being an ass and being nice instead . 
  i , as a 100 % joke with no ill intentions , screwed with his laptop by print screening the desktop , setting it to be the wallpaper and then hiding the icons . 
  this lead to him completely freaking out , yelling and crying and actually attacking one of his bullies because he thought he fucked his computer up ( he was n't very tech savvy and did n't know what had happened ) . 
  i was in shock and sat dumbfounded until everything cooled down , then i told him it was me and i did it as a joke . 
  he looked completely destroyed by that and even apologised to his bully and he never trusted me anymore after that . 
  i think of this from time to time because i still feel like a real shithead by creating that situation , i should 've realised that it was n't appropriate . 
  someone did this to me as well and just threw my wet clothes on the floor . 
  i stopped their washing machine , opened it and took one of every sock i could see , grabbed my clothes and threw the socks in the trash outside . 
  i rewatched it for the 4th time two weeks ago . 
  it 's amazing how it becomes better with every watch and you notice new interesting things ( sure this is true for a lot of shows , but not to this degree ) . 
  this is the most retarded response to anything i have ever read on this site , and i 've read some stupid fucking shit . 
  if you 're looking for a logical reason as to why a father would be more generous towards his daughter you * could * say it 's because of how society tells men how men should be : you 're a man , suck it up , life is unfair ; you 're a woman , i 'm sorry the world is unfair , let me help you . 
  my cat does this without having anything on , she 's a very lazy cat . 
  it can actually be better to choose single-display even if you have several monitors . 
  if you play fullscreen then choose single-display , if you play windowed , choose multi-display . 
  exactly . 
  i have only encountered a coin glued to the floor once , and i managed to kick it loose after about 4-5 heel kicks and was ~ 1 $ richer .
