he being white in a majority black people movie . 
  same here . 
  or well , i need a new motherboard , processor and hdd since for some reason they all wanted to begin failing at around the same time . 
  triggered, 
  thanks for this !, 
  i can relate to a lot of what you say . 
  i never got a panic attack per say , but i 've had constant stomach aches and back pains when going to university . 
  i then basically just stopped going and stayed home and all those pains disappeared . 
  of course my problems with depression got worse and worse until i tried to commit suicide . 
  but after that i 've had a constant contact with doctors/psychiatrists and it has helped me on the path back to a `` functioning '' existence . 
  i 'm not back in school but i am interning at a place i like very much . 
  the problem with me is that even though i feel like everything is fine the back problems and stomach aches are very much back ( they were non-existent when i had no `` obligations '' ) . 
  i have other physical problems which are probably also related to my mental health , which i go to the doctor for constantly but they never find anything wrong with me . 
  oh well , my thoughts , hope i can bring some solace that you are not alone in your situation . 
  as someone who had the flu about 3 weeks ago it ( can ) change your mind and body reactions pretty dramatically . 
  so implying that n0thing was whining/over dramatic when letting people know is stupid . 
  got ta love it crowd, 
  i do to . 
  now . 
  does n't make it any less funny, 
  in your humble opinion , does the clip being of the older variety increase its humor value ? 
  i miss my 20x lvl 5-15 night elfs :(, 
  this is unfortunately impossible . 
  they get a reversed situation if they go back to a more vanilla-like game . 
  reversed in that old players will come back but newer will leave , and also since the old player base has grown up they most likely have other priorities than playing an mmo . 
  to cater to both bases would be best , i.e. 
  legacy servers . 
  it 's hard being positive when the response from teammates is pure shit talking and asshole behavior . 
  nowadays i just mute them straight up , often without telling them , this leads to me having a better game . 
  the problem is that the co-operation becomes non-existent ( usually does n't matter though , since actually playing as a team in mm is a rarity ) . 
  being positive and ignoring the assholes has led to a better experience for me , so i recommend it . 
  do n't fight fire with fire , fight it with running away . 
  my cat hates when something touches her back paws/legs and freaks the fuck out on reflex . 
  is this normal or does my cat have leg cancer ? 
  this should be at the top since it actually solves the problem . 
  unless you want to be very proper . 
  then ` ni ' can be used towards a single person as well . 
  do n't leave them less confused when they leave a / r/sweden thread !, 
  but what if you want to change something ? 
  so the old `` calories in-calories out '' does n't really work ? 
  yeah , i think often it is often something other than cheating . 
  but since hanging out on reddit and reading a lot of the stuff on here i 've become more inclined to think that it 's cheating when something fishy keeps happening around a player . 
  i often view my own demos to see if the guy i thought was fishy did something blatant or weird . 
  rough estimate is that it 's 50/50 that i still think the person is cheating after reviewing the demo . 
  report and move on is what i live by . 
  poor swimmer guy, 
  i do n't know what makes it a `` serious case '' . 
  but i was in a very dark place and ended up in an emergency ward for about 2 weeks . 
  since i had a pretty bad history with depression and the different meds has n't really worked i got ect presented to me as an alternative . 
  i was like ` fuck it ' and went with it . 
  i got a total of 12 treatments and i felt way better after the 3rd or so . 
  the feeling gave me energy to keep on going and even though i still have problems with depression i have n't gotten to that low point again . 
  if it 's because of the ect i do n't know 100 % but i would guess it is . 
  only ( probably ) side-effect is that i 've had some trouble recalling words in my native language when knowing them in english . 
  i do n't know if my brain is fucked from it , but hopefully not . 
  i take it you mean if it gave any long lasting positive effects ? 
  i believe it did . 
  it raised my `` normal level '' and my `` max level '' a bit . 
  by that i mean i could still feel like shit like i used to , but now it was n't every day and i was generally feeling more happy . 
  was this because of the ect , probably , was there any other way to achieve it at the time for me ? 
  most likely no , since i 've tried all medicine and my most recent medicine at that time gave me a horrible reaction with hives all over and a swollen body . 
  that was also a reason as to why i said `` fuck it '' and just did it . 
  if everything needs a point then what was the point of you writing ` lol ' and then the followup ? 
  if you find what he said so outlandish and stupid you should be able to find a retort rather easily . 
  there will absolutely be cheaters in the prime system . 
  the difference is that they will need new active sim-cards if they want to keep on playing there once ( if ) they get banned . 
  i 'm sure there will be a workaround in favor of cheaters but anything to make it more difficult for the cuntbags that are cheating is fine by me . 
  i have a i7-6700k and gtx 970 with stuff on medium/high and i still do n't get above 280 ~ ish average fps . 
  i 've given up to finding a solution , but i do feel like i should be getting as many frames as i want :(, 
  yes i was just about to ask for a friend as well, 
  i 'm kind of in this situation right now . 
  sucks that i do n't get paid right now but i like it here so i guess that 's something . 
  write fps_max 0 or fps_max desiredfps in console, 
  i do this to my cat sometimes . 
  she just looks dumbfounded afterwards . 
  in echo : tides of time i found a way to directly skip to level 3 from level 2 by wedging yourself inside the rocks blocking the exit . 
  i was then convinced i 've dreamt it all when i could n't re-create it when i tried like 10 years later . 
  but it 's there , you just have to wiggle the right rock !, 
  yeah wow glitches are the best !, 
  i used to be an asshole in some wsgs and take the flag and hide on alliance side where you could n't be targeted unless an enemy itself got up there . 
  it was also fun to jump outside of the map , also in wsg , with the flag and just run forever on a desert texture . 
  as someone who grew up without chores ( in the literal sense ) i can say that it hurt me . 
  having to clean dishes , having to make your bed etc would 've been great to learn at a young age . 
  basically my parents said ; if you want to live messy then you get to live messy . 
  so my room only got vacuumed when the dust grew legs and clothes only ended up in the washing machine when i literally had nothing to wear . 
  this made me terrible at `` normal '' cleaning things etc , i do them , but i 'm terrible at them because i did n't start doing them until i was an adult . 
  should add that the rest of the house was very clean and looked after by my parents . 
  you must have no anxiety for things to not bother you . 
  nothing better than to relax and have some time for yourself, 
  poor guy, 
  yeah it 's not like you ca n't take advantage of the situation . 
  99.999 % of people will just shoot what they see . 
  whenever i try this i just get hsd through the door :(, 
  my cat does n't really want human attention , but i give it to her anyway . 
  i pick her up a lot and play with her . 
  this has led to her coming to my room and sitting in my lap for about 5 minutes max every now and then . 
  she does n't do this with anyone else and it makes me feel like she loves me     , 
  what else is there to do ? 
  very easy to have one wallhacker on team calling everything . 
  i would argue it 's better to report the people you think are cheating than to not report at all .
