you wish lol, 
  guys , according to the polls , both macron and m\u00e9lenchon have a soft voter base ( only 65 % are sure ) . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves , because things could go as 2012, 
  i 'm surprised by tunisia and ireland, 
  i agree with that , i honestly despise radical islamism , but i do n't despise the religion as a whole ; maybe i misread what op said , cause i read it as `` ban all islam '' , i do n't know why . 
  no , hold on a sec , i wrote that cause he said he wanted to ban mosques , as all of them , moderate and radical ones . 
  maybe i misread , maybe he edited it . 
  yes , i know that , but to consider that the germans who supported the nazis were the smart ones it 's really idiotic . 
  not all of them , obviously , but a good chunk of them did . 
  soooo , the ss were the `` smart ones '' ? 
  the italian government tried to get rid of medallions in 2006 and the taxi drivers rioted . 
  i feel that 's only gon na increase terrorist attacks, 
  they look exactly the same as those in florence , even the station is identical, 
  do you think this is going to harm macron in the polls ? 
  could n't they just open the window while they 're cooking ? 
  problem solved . 
  i 'll take curry over fish n ' chips any day, 
  ow the edge, 
  you do realize he said `` let 's help them at their own country '' just a few days ago and got critized for the party for being too far-right on immigration , right ? 
  funny , in italy populists spouted the same formula but with romanians and moldavans, 
  they see more shootings than we do tho, 
  but education does influence them, 
  besides , i do n't think a japanese would change his flag after a whole year being on reddit and post on t_d unironically , fuck off back to / pol / you fucking weeb, 
  apparently it did n't grow enough . 
  or maybe is because they ignored the warnings of our intelligence , i dunno, 
  this is really off topic but , since i met some japanese people because i study their language , i know a bit about the country : japan has one of the highest suicide rates globally , the average age is 46 , which means there are more old than young people ; foreigners from every part of the globe , even skilled workers ( doctors , engineers , etc. ), 
  are seen a gaijin , so basically as lazy fucks ; that 's because the mentality in japan is that work is a duty toward society and sometimes is more important than family ( some polls say this is what 1/2 men in japan think ) . 
  that 's because it 's far off from the best country in the world . 
  i mean , if you 're actually japanese , feel free to question what i just said and teach me more . 
  otherwise ... 
  we had a lot of terrorism in 70-80 , so our counter terrorism had plenty of time to grow, 
  why did you change your flag ? 
  i checked on your comment a bit after , so it still does n't make me wrong ... honestly i do n't understand `` much worse things have been said about the right and they never got deleted , that 's hypocrisy . '', 
  hypocrisy about what ? 
  no , 22 years is different from 30 and plus years , so you 're just both wrong ; japan is n't this mystical land the right always brags on so much about when talking about immigrants . 
  and at the very least do n't call others `` weak '' and then go complaining on t_d when your comment gets deleted , that 's hypocrisy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tokyo_subway_sarin_attack actually they had domestic terrorism of cultists, 
  but the terrorist from the last 2 terrorists attacks were both uk-born, 
  but you have to reming yourself that the uk and the us founded the sha-coup in iran in the 50 's , bringing down a democratic government , which led to an islamist-bashing dictatorship , which led to an islamic revolution as a reaction . 
  so , us interventionism transformed indirectly iran into a theocracy, 
  but you 're definetely gayer than us / s, 
  italians are seen as womanizers , especially in japan , definetely not gay . 
  you are just confirming the us stereotype lmao p.s. 
  : by comparing us to the french you 're pissing off the both of us , do n't do that, 
  but the stereotype about the average american is that he 's dumb and fat . 
  nice glass house, 
  100 % absolutely haram, 
  not really , on social media all i could see were le pen supporters everywhere . 
  at least , that was the general perception . 
  she probably wo n't even get to 10 million now, 
  immediatly got banned . 
  worth it, 
  two months ago she was at 27 % in the polls . 
  everybody said she was going to win this time . 
  she lost . 
  really , that 's it . 
  edit : you can downvote me if you like , still does n't change the fact nobody in the fn thinks of this election as a success . 
  quite the contrary : philippot declared immediately that he wants to change the name of the party, 
  i saw that too on / pol / lmao, 
  right wing voters do n't, 
  meh , i 'm honestly not that worried . 
  i would be if we could have a referendum on eu treaties , but since we ca n't , and considering the average amount of time that passes with the approvation of a law due to parliament-senate game of ping pong , it 's gon na be a pain in the ass but not something incredibly dangerous . 
  yes , if they have that kind of stance on anything they will be able to keep a government running . 
  but , if they pass laws that are clearly pro-lega , their popular support will be hindered in the long run , because left-centre supporters wo n't vote for them anymore , and there are quite a few who vote 5s and despise salvini . 
  even if they made an alliance , their government would crumble down after a year , because 5s does n't have a clear stance on immigration . 
  nah , our elections wo n't be really that important . 
  errr , that 's the trash bin if i understood well, 
  i mean , not really a polling error . 
  some states poll were really wrong , for example wisconsin . 
  the popular vote was accurate tho . 
  we ca n't even have a referendum on eu membership ffs stop spreading this bs, 
  `` not a great plan '' - cit . 
  but they stink ten times more in the air, 
  `` caesarean sections were regarded as a form of artificial contraception , and that was interfering with god 's will . 
  so if the newborn baby would n't fit , the woman 's vagina would be sawed open to make space instead . 
  that way , she could have as many children as god wanted her to have . '', 
  what the actual fuck, 
  the problem is that most of the ns elite who got a death sentence were found guilty of crimes against humanity mostly for the death camps . 
  the fascist elite was n't directly involved with the planning of the holocaust , so i 'm certain that most of them would got away easily or with a few years in prison if a trial was held by the allied forces . 
  the others are nicola bombacci ( 1st on the left ) , alessandro pavolini ( 4th ) and achille starace ( 5th ) . 
  i 'm not sure about petacci , but him and all the others hanged upside down deserved death for what they have done . 
  salvini ? 
  he 's like at 12 % in the polls, 
  i really do n't get why someone would keep posting bs just to be downvoted and/or ignored . 
  unfortunately sometimes is overlooked in history classes , not purposely tho . 
  with the difference that we captured and shot him , then hanged him upside down for pubblic exposure . 
  aside abolishing democracy , destroying personal properties and jailing/killing oppositors , getting italy involved into wwii , committing war crimes in etiopia , establishing anti-semitic laws in 1936 they were nice guys / s, 
  lmao what, 
  actually we have that : argue = discutere , litigare . 
  nobody in italy thinks we won the war, 
  ( if someone is interested i can translate ), 
  `` after being ceded from multiethnic austria , the italian nationalist milieus sought to make trieste a citt\u00e0 italianissima , committing a series of attacks led by black shirts against slovene shops , libraries , lawyers ' offices , and the central place of the rival community in the trieste national hall . '', 
  nobody is proud about `` squadracce '' or `` black shirts '' ( camicie nere ) . 
  they were just a bunch of fascists . 
  if that makes you feel better , they fucked over some friends of my family , they targeted italians or not-italians alike . 
  nazi = nazi . 
  nazi + fascism = nazifascism . 
  study a bit more , seriously . 
  we were n't treated kindly after we surrendered , and we liberated ourselves from sal\u00f2 and the nazi thanks to the partisans and the allies . 
  besides , to think that all italians supported fascism is pretty ignorant from you , never heard of antonio gramsci or giacomo matteotti ?
