at least we 're the best . 
  confusion : courtesy of the wonderful u.s public education system . 
  why are estonians like pokemon trainers ? 
  hahaha this is the only map that views greece positively/doesn ' t refer to the crisis . 
  that 's surprising . 
  i 'll amend my position on the routine fifty year bombing :p . 
  it 's an excellent work it 's relatively knew and considered to be the leading text on the topic right now . 
  i do n't know why this is news today . 
  this was n't hidden while it was happening . 
  that explains all of our current problems :p . 
  still no greece ? 
  your gdp per capita is still lower than our dying economy and your nation is an active warzone . 
  sons of zeus unite against this injustice, 
  yes i 'm very well aware of it . 
  my point does n't really have anything to do with the dispute in general , it 's more about the fact that the maker of this map used that dispute to add something to this map . 
  if poles are googling `` how did macedonia conquer greece '' then it 's pretty obvious that 's not about modern europe . 
  i 'll withdraw my statement for the greater good of the circlejerk then :p, 
  that should be determined by a case by case basis . 
  if the theft was n't violent then the individual should be helped , of course . 
  in most cases i 'm sure the owners of markets would n't have turned the individuals down had they just asked for unsold food nearing expiry dates . 
  this establishes a bad precedent for the state to continue not helping needy people and pass that burden on to businesses . 
  if you agree with that which you say you do then i do n't see how you can say that this is the right decision . 
  surely legislation helping these individuals would have been the right decision rather than decriminalizing theft of food across the board for the starving poor . 
  the poor need to be clothed as well . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  so you value life , liberty but not private property ? 
  you 're like two thirds of locke . 
  people if hungry will steal . 
  if the government isnt providing a minimum amount of sustainence to its poorest citizens then calamity will arise . 
  this legislation shirks the state 's responsibility and allows private businesses to pick up that burden . 
  i 'm not against this on a basis that people who steal should be subjected to draconian sentences . 
  i 'm against this on the basis that it undermines law and order . 
  you can value both private property and human life . 
  you think governments should tell the starving `` yeah , just steal it 's fine . 
  and starvation is prevalent in cases of extreme poverty ... 
  so you think it 's okay for the government to give the green light to theft rather than take any action to distribute food or improve the lot of the extremely poor in any constructive way ? 
  theft is not a crime if poor ? 
  you call that sense ? 
  they also invited all of the refugees . 
  it helps being a thousand miles to the south . 
  is this based off of google search results ? 
  if so they 're probably using the historical term for macedonia and not referring to the current balkan state ... 
  germans do n't deny it . 
  why would this map piss off greeks ? 
  and the above guy is saying greeks and turks should be at peace/get along . 
  why would that piss of greeks ? 
  sounds a lot like my day , brother . 
  happy easter to you and your loved ones . 
  real easter stronk . 
  happy easter ... n roman empire will rise again . 
  this much is obvious . 
  she 's a politician . 
  nice try alexis, 
  poland stronk, 
  maybe on days 1-7 of this conflict . 
  when german industry militarizes goodnight sweet putin . 
  they were a greek city state albeit one that was considered backwards by the high-brow athenians . 
  though they were linguistically , culturally , and religiously greek . 
  since when is thinking that someone is backwards a measure of their ethnicity ? 
  modern greek is a direct descendant of ancient macedonian greek . 
  potato was second place, 
  migrants caught during their crossing are a small portion of the total amount . 
  please do n't get us started on that, 
  if you have n't done your artwork in time for this attack on french soil , remember you can begin now for the next one !, 
  no greeks left to do this to, 
  do n't worry its a joke and nobody wants to do this . 
  time to bulldoze ataturk 's house, 
  we must bind ourselves together with a new national identity built on cheeky internet comments . 
  in no election are demographics evenly represented . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  different people vote to represent their interests , then the side with the most votes wins . 
  whenever something profitable gets privately built in greece : `` hahaha i thought greece was broke hahahah '', 
  it 's like a kid calling himself spider-man , and the international community agreeing that he should have the right to call himself spider-man while the actual spider-man watches in horror . 
  yet if they were turkish islands being violated by greece you would be on here championing international law . 
  i do n't care , i do n't know if you noticed or not that i 'm not the person you were originally arguing with this about . 
  make no mistake that this is an issue of strength not law . 
  the international community as you know does n't go out of its way to procure justice , it goes out of its way to do what benefits it . 
  turkey is allowed to operate in such a way because it 's a more strategic ally to the united states , not because it 's legally correct . 
  ridiculous ownership of what it owns ? 
  it 's funny that you bring up international law when your own government cites greek sovereignty over naval territory to the standards of international law a causus belli . 
  same here . 
  i had a great amount of respect for varoufakis ' stance on necessary debt reduction and reform , and his integrity which was exemplified by his decision to step down when his peers chose to move in a different direction . 
  i even met him once and had a very brief conversation with him after a lecture . 
  then i was recently shocked to see him mention in a press conference that all refugees should be accepted and that one day ethnic europeans will be a minority in europe , and that we ought to embrace this . 
  i do n't see how podemos can run on a similar platform without raising suspicions of being syriza 2.0 . 
  yeah for some reason just because the debt situation is on tv a lot of idiots think greece is somehow the poorest country on earth now . 
  i guess since people without clean water in africa , asia , or south america do n't make it onto the news . 
  this is very interesting thanks, 
  why does this exist, 
  greece has a very strong basketball team . 
  maybe the morale boost to the country would justify the cost . 
  and if it could be profitable i do n't see what the crisis has to do with it , euro basket is n't paid for by the government is it ? 
  does n't look like anyone is learning italian in a majority either . 
  i guess they 've just listed extra languages in the sidebar as some well placed advertising . 
  look at all these languages !, 
  and the jews that died in poland were poles !, 
  stronger than mother in law, 
  europe can also post higher growth because austerity led to some gdp contractions in the past few years . 
  public spending is public income . 
  ca n't grow an economy with out it .
