   women in lisbon were surprisingly attractive i honestly ca n't tell the difference between portuguese women and spanish women without talking to them . 
  we use both . 
  abacaxi is the sweeter of the two with anan\u00e1s being the more acidic . 
  you say this but portugal has a good image of both switzerland and norway whilst being the poorest western european country . 
  seems like the dislike for switzerland comes from the richer nations if anything . 
  can confirm , we border argentina . 
  the one that pops up for me in portuguese is asking why finland has the most old people ( percentage-wise ) . 
  that 's less positive i guess ? 
  and apparently the first question for galicia is `` why does n't galicia have one hour less ? '' . 
  even spain thinks we 're the same . 
  might just be that the particular look of ukrainian women appeals to a lot of people . 
  we happen to have a lot of ukrainian immigrants . 
  i guess the southern one should end at the pyrenees or at portugal as well uh ? 
  it was actually just hard to come up with something for poland i 'll be honest and putting `` why does n't it own lithuania and ukraine ? '', 
  was mean to ukraine and lithuania . 
  it 's not . 
  it goes : portuguese food  galician food  all other food . 
  it 's a humour version . 
  we know we 're colonizing you . 
  it 's what came up on google . 
  all i 'm saying is , hungary should 've annexed romania ages ago . 
  we love you guys . 
  your food is just worse than ours !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ ^ food ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ delicious ^ ^ ^ ^ too, 
  [ i got you covered . 
  ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4hqvxv/what_the_portuguese_think_of_europe_humour_version/ ), 
  [ here 's my attempt at it , by ignoring all brazilian and spanish results . 
  we 're the black sheep of the european latin countries i swear , well maybe romania . 
  i am not sure i appreciate our newly found fame for being insulted . 
  we 're savvy . 
  no need to upset boss deutschland and no need to take in refugees either . 
  same with portugal and spain really . 
  runs in the latin genes i guess . 
  yeah but we 're the underdogs so it 's okay for us to do it . 
  that 's more of a question for spain . 
  they tried to united our countries several times , they just kept failing . 
  most taxi folk here are friendly people , it 's just a couple of idiots ruining their image . 
  does n't surprise me . 
  portuguese people tend to have close bonds with very extended family . 
  that 's a really weird ban . 
  my week off is on release week , i 'm pretty happy . 
   i 'm way too busy hyping for stellaris anyway , i have n't got the time to frown upon erdogan . 
  me too . 
  i need to carve out a place among the stars man . 
  educated guess says it 's related to bowing down to chinese pressure to give up macau even though legally we had ownership `` forever '' . 
  good , maybe you 'll stop knocking us out and let us win one . 
  i personally like it but i grew up eating it . 
   russian salad you guys also have this tuna , potato , egg , peas and carrots drenched in mayo dish ? 
  he 's disagreeing with you . 
  multiculturalism can work if the cultures you 're trying to put together are compatible . 
  it ca n't be framed as a blank statement of ` multiculturalism is great ' or ` multiculturalism does n't work ' . 
  there are certain cultures that can be put together and there are those that can not . 
  the united states is largely a mash-up of european cultures and it works decently enough . 
  what / u/the _ old_salt was getting at is that western european nations are largely compatible and have a lot of overlap in values whereas you can not make this same assertion about a lot of other cultures . 
  it 's incredibly unsurprising to me that spain of all countries likes their neighbours the most . 
  you 're eastern iberia if anything . 
  it 's nothing but great news to hear that the dutch police forces were able to control the situation and avoid a tragedy . 
  oh i love you guys , you cross the border and everything still seems the exact same except you guys speak a little differently . 
  also vigo is gorgeous and the seafood in galicia is to die for . 
  i do n't like this game . 
  it makes me say nice things about spain and spain alone . 
  spain : i mean ... you guys are alright . 
  your food 's great , your country 's beautiful , your women have a lovely accent and i like to believe you guys make an effort to understand us once in a while . 
  this does n't make it better . 
  i do n't think they 're good laws . 
  however , i do n't presume to think i should dictate to iranians how they should do things . 
  iran 's laws are iran 's laws . 
  you 're not entitled to go there and utterly disregard them . 
  that said , air france is allowing any woman working on their flights to refuse to work in that route without any sanctions . 
  this seems like a reasonable solution on their part . 
  western european country here , i feel safe . 
  a question to the basque since i 'm not that acquainted : do you guys feel spanish ? 
  is there some kinship with ( other ) spaniards ? 
  turkey only has commitment to take european asylum seekers , we can start with something like that . 
  the correction was made when i noticed that it came across with a different implication than intended , please pardon my inability to flawlessly navigate my way around my second language without needing to review what i 've written . 
  edit : funnily had to review and alter this comment as well . 
  yeah , we started the infamous triangle trade . 
  we bought slaves from africans , moved them and sold them . 
  we even bought indian and japanese slaves ( and banned their slavery 40 odd years after ) at some point . 
  that was a long time ago , done by people who could n't possibly be alive today . 
  my own father fought in the portuguese colonial wars in angola , i am not gon na apologize for that one and i 'm certainly not going to apologize or feel guilty for what several generations before me have done . 
  it 's a fucking stupid game to play , reach back enough in anyone 's generations and you 'll find slavers , murderers and other such heinous people . 
  i 'm also not going to stand here and be lectured by other europeans on what we should feel guilty about . 
  you guys feel about what your ancestors have done however way you want , do n't presume to dictate how we should feel however . 
   i do n't know whether they should be `` guilty '' but they certainly are more guilty than britain are . 
  i do n't agree with your assessment as a whole but if britain is truly less guilty you certainly do n't act like it . 
  do n't attempt to shame us solely because we have no intentions of burning our country to the ground because of our pride . 
  right so since we suck at assimilating people from the middle east and north africa , the sensible thing to do is to not get more immigrants from those places . 
  east europe absolutely loves the us though . 
  the rest of europe rather likes the us too . 
  have to agree , spain 's flag is pretty awesome . 
  there 's a reason i 've mostly taken vacations in spain , there 's too much to discover in your interior !, 
  that and your food 's pretty good too . 
  not really , if you come down to portugal , spain , italy , greece or balkan states like croatia then you 'll find that things are even better . 
  except maybe the bread , it 's hard to compete with france in that department . 
  portugal and italy are unbeatable for coffee though . 
  european nations have the right to not want to be immigrant nations . 
  we have no obligation to host anyone but those we want to host . 
  people besides us are mean towards spaniards ? 
  they need to stop , that 's our thing .
