  i do n't believe that the response to this question is yes . 
  it might be `` yes because ... '' or `` yes but ... '' but i do n't think a blanket `` yes . '', 
  suffices as an answer . 
  i do think that too many people are treating the answer to this question as a blanket `` yes . 
  '' , that his supporters are just racists , xenophobes and all the other ists , isms and phobes . 
  are some of his supporters racists ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  are all of them racists ? 
  i do n't believe that this is the case , i think there is a more nuanced answer . 
  i think some of his new supporters ( maybe even some of his old supporters ) are growing fearful and feel like their concerns are not being addressed , tackled or even discussed . 
  i take issue with not even trying to understand why his supporting base is growing . 
  `` oh whelp , more people are becoming racist , c'est la vie . '', 
  yes his remarks , his stances are racist . 
  yes , some of his supporters include all kinds of far-right , neo-nazis , fervent racists and other assorted extremists . 
  yet , they also include more reasonable right-wingers , right-leaning people , centrists maybe even a couple of left-leaning people that think that no other party is tackling a concern that they deem big enough to cast their vote for a racist platform . 
  the quote makes a really good point that i had n't entirely considered . 
  i do however think that we 're not entirely talking about the same demographic . 
  as you point out , that i now largely agree with , debating with the far-right is likely an exercise in frustration and pointlessness . 
  however , this does not mean that all supporters of far-right parties are necessarily far-right ideologues . 
  i do think that ignoring the fact that these parties have been growing in these specific times is faulty . 
  i just do n't believe that people turned racist and extremist over night , i think they feel like their concerns relating to immigration are being ignored or worse yet exacerbated by current policy . 
  now , obviously it does n't mean they 're correct but the current social and political discourse does nothing to calm their fears . 
  no , they 're just labeled racists and ostracized . 
  of course there are fervent racists that you 'll never persuade but i have a hard time entertaining the idea that the growing support for these parties is solely because people are becoming evermore racist . 
  nativism is a recently renewed and growing ideology , is it solely here because people are becoming more racist ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i think there 's more to it . 
   yes , racists should feel bad for being racists . 
  i do n't see why this is a controversial idea my point is that no time is even taken to look , analyze or tackle their concerns , all energy is expended in name calling and ostracizing . 
  i think there is some merit to the demographic replacement argument ( displacement ? ), 
  and i have n't seen a counter that tackles it . 
  i did read the op and i 'm not directly replying to him , i 'm merely making the point that solely labeling pvv 's supporters as racists accomplishes very little ( even if they are racists ) . 
  dismantle their arguments , persuade them or persuade others . 
  well then , by all means do not tackle the growing concerns of your compatriots , do n't engage with them in an exchange of ideas , do n't try to persuade them . 
  let 's just call them names , socially alienate them to the point where they can only socially interact with even more extreme racists , make them feel marginalized for what they think and feel fearful because their concerns are going ignored . 
  i 'm absolutely sure that if you do that , you wo n't cause a civil war at some point . 
  it 's unthinkable . 
  that 's a false equivalency . 
  just because i call out some people on their name calling in this thread does not mean that i do n't think the other side is n't doing the same thing . 
  but what does name-calling and alienating your compatriots do in the end ? 
  yeah , they 're doing the same to you but what 's being accomplished by having all sides discuss things like angry children ? 
  some of the concerns raised by racists might actually hold some truth , it might be affecting their lives or making them fearful for the future . 
  we 're intelligent animals right ? 
  we 're supposed to be able to entertain an idea we do n't agree with , see its merits , see its flaws and reason it out . 
  but no one 's doing this anymore . 
  the important bit to take away is that just calling someone racist does nothing to persuade them . 
  sure , they 're racist and you call them out on it . 
  have you addressed their concerns ? 
  changed their viewpoints ? 
  persuaded them of your view ? 
  no , you just called them names . 
  and if you ca n't refute their claims then maybe they 're right . 
  but a third of christians do n't . 
  why are you ignoring his main point ? 
  you know very well that he means that moroccans have higher birth rates than the native dutch . 
   threaten the sovereignty of another european country do n't they threaten greek islands all the time ? 
  we 'll get ready to give you another whooping and a trip back to madrid i guess . 
  i just pointed out that spain is female gendered in most latin languages . 
  exploring is in our blood and identity , seems right . 
   we 'll be playing with our dick alone since noone would bang us but ... spain is a girl . 
   is a language shared by half a billion people in the planet . 
  ours is shared by ~ ~ 200 ~ ~ 300 million . 
  we did fine , thanks . 
  probably enough means `` enough ! '' . 
  i 'm guessing the latter probably . 
  1/3 is solely the clearly extremist . 
  if you think that ` death for adultery ' is also an extremist position then we 're talking about around 45 % of muslims , a little under half . 
  if you think wanting sharia to be the law of the land is an extremist position then the amount of extremist muslims rises to around two-thirds or 66 % . 
  source same as above . 
  disclaimer : these are aggregate statistics and views will vary regionally from state to state . 
  muslims from bosnia display less extremist views than afghans for example . 
  considering over a third of muslim claim that apostates should be killed , i 'm inclined to think that religion is rampant with extremism . 
  [ source ( page 55 ) . 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ), 
   maybe it 'd be funny coming from a relevant state i do n't see how california is a relevant state in the ` europe ' subreddit to be honest with you . 
  oh i 've had that once , it was alright . 
   because you simply condemn those interested in circumcision to experience way , way more pain , which will also last way longer . 
  too bad . 
  better than subjecting those who do n't want it to something they ca n't reverse . 
   and this again is a clear evidence that you just bullshit here and nothing on the subject . 
  i am circumcised . 
  i was at 12 and had to have a second , partially related penile surgery at 18 . 
  i 'm experienced in the subject . 
  i even know a guy who had it done voluntarily at 20 . 
   not having a foreskin doesnt :d you know . 
  as someone who was circumcised at 12 i 'll have to disagree . 
  i 'm not gon na say it 's just as bad as fgm but it 's hardly inconsequential . 
   how many male jews do regret about the circumcision regretting a decision they did n't make ? 
  they do n't know the difference . 
  regardless , religious groups that engage in this can still accomplish this at 18 by choice of the person getting the surgery . 
  what 's so wrong with that ? 
  why do you need to perform surgery on a kid who might not even want to be part of these religious customs ? 
  protect the kid 's bodily integrity and when they become adults , they can butcher themselves as much as they like . 
  you kinda have to make fun of your big sister when you get the chance is all . 
  portugal did ... not tremendous but still better than spain . 
  this is ... acceptable . 
  iberia is invisible to muslim migrants due to the lack of very generous welfare . 
  portugal has < 0.1 % muslim population for instance . 
   365 days a year : when the usa keeps portugal independent . 
  ... from who ?
