  how many portuguese citizens does switzerland have working there again ? 
  i take it 's fine to just call you a commie then ? 
   spain actually fucking tortures animals nation wide , a handful of people protest , nobody actually does anything about it . 
  we do it too and no one notices . 
  from my experience , most people i 've talked to do n't agree with our government 's position . 
  it is however , not a high priority issue for anyone because the refugees that do come here end up running away to germany in less than a week . 
  aveiro 's been swamped with dutch and czech people every summer since 2004 . 
  recently , we 've been having ( from my experience ) a ton of frenchmen and spaniards . 
  prosta . 
   turkey is not an eu member . 
  and ? 
  the eu 's freedom of movement principle is for countries in the agreement . 
  turks ( and anybody else really ) , can immigrate into the eu by following the proper channels and rules . 
  what 's happening in the mediterranean is illegal people smuggling . 
  do n't conflate the two , they 're not the same . 
   first of all , how do you know how the majority of turks in germany voted ? 
  you do n't . 
  this is pure speculation on your part . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't know shit . 
  i 'm speculating wildly . 
  it 's not like [ there are sources that detail this ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/why-many-turks-in-germany-voted-yes-in-erdogans-referendum/a-38472130 ) . 
  / s wait , there are sources that detail exactly what i said ? 
  let 's go in the article shall we ? 
   more than 63 percent of the turkish population in germany cast `` yes '' votes in last sunday 's referendum on enhancing the power and scope turkish presidency . 
  golly , does n't that sound exactly like what i replied earlier ? 
  [ source 2 ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/21/opinion/why-german-turks-voted-for-the-autocrat-far-away.html?mcubz=1 ) . 
  [ source 3 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/referendum-in-turkey-the-bizarre-behavior-of-turkish-german-voters-a-1143735.html ) . 
   secondly , this has nothing to do with the discussion . 
  why are you trying to change the topic ? 
  you claim these turks have adapted to the local culture . 
  now , i 'm admittedly not well informed on german culture but i have the feeling that they 're generally opposed to dictatorships . 
  a majority of german turks clearly are n't . 
   the point is that they are an integral part of german society . 
  they lived there most of their lives without being brandished like terrorists . 
  i did n't call them terrorists . 
  i 'm just calling you a bullshitter who says they 've adapted to german culture when in actuality they 're supporting their strong islamist leader . 
   what happens in turkey is not germany 's business did n't say it was . 
  all i said was that a majority of german turks voted to empower erdogan . 
  and they did . 
   europe is based on immigration . 
  the eu project has freedom of movement as one of its basic concepts . 
  yeah between countries that are in the agreement , not nigeria or somalia . 
   most of them , over 19 000 , came from turkey before the 2015 migrant crisis started and have adapted to the local culture . 
  you realise a majority of german turks helped erdogan win the referendum that made him a quasi-dictator right ? 
  they 're not dragging anyone from the shores of sicily all the way to lybia , they 're returning people to the nearest coast . 
  what 's the intended outcome exactly ? 
  it 's always south from porto or wherever else you are . 
   starts south of porto . 
  south of aveiro . 
  oh there 's actually subtitles . 
  his spanish is actually really easy to understand for me . 
  why do you take the head away ? 
  the eyes are the best bit . 
  they 're super friendly from my experience actually . 
  actually , every part of spain i 've visited is friendly . 
  except murcia . 
  source : been to m\u00e9rida , c\u00f3rdoba , salamanca , madrid , vigo and murcia . 
   nope not vegetarian but i like variety in vegetables and they lack here . 
  really ? 
  have you checked the bigger supermarkets ? 
  what exactly have you not found ? 
   there is a big lack of ethnic restaurants portugal 's population is pretty homogeneous , i 'm not sure what you were expecting . 
   both food meccas but even in comparison to spain it 's boring food here . 
  what the hell . 
  i 'm gon na go out on a limb here , but are you the stereotypical north american that does n't have a taste for fish and seafood ? 
  cause let me tell you , i do n't think i 've seen seafood cuisine stack up to portuguese anywhere else except perhaps italy . 
  feels kinda cold here actually . 
  our national foods have close to no vegetarian dishes ( unless they 're desserts and even then they 're not vegan because we put eggs on everything ) . 
  there 's often vegetarian options in restaurants and i can name maybe one vegetarian restaurant in my city . 
  sure , this holds up to scrutiny if the people on the boats are lybians . 
  it 's outrageous to hold this opinion for people who crossed into lybia from countries deemed safe however . 
  surely you 'd agree on this point . 
   the nazi is not gon na save me for humanitarian reasons he might , you do n't know what his reasons are . 
  would you really prefer to drown than have your savior be a nazi ? 
  i am pretty sure those lives would be saved if ngos dropped them off in the lybian coast as well . 
  as it stands , they 're aiding and abetting human traffickers . 
  it 's disingenuous to think that they 're not helping human traffickers , regardless of the ngos intentions . 
  wait , are you implicitly condoning the human trafficking being done by ngos ? 
  if you were drowning and a nazi came to rescue you , would you turn him away because he 's a nazi ? 
  that 's all his argument is really . 
  so you 're only for self determination when it suits you . 
  how hypocritical . 
  so the residents of barcelona , that do n't want to be separated from spain have to be separated from spain because it 's convenient for you ? 
  because water exerts pressure on the inner walls and if you want the pool walls to remain intact you need to have them exert a similar and opposite force back . 
  it 's like asking why a book will topple over if you only poke it from one side . 
  actually feels cold in aveiro , the winds are the strongest in the country and they 're always cold though . 
  or we could perhaps stop the human trafficking and process refugees with real claims to asylum outside the eu and only let them in if they have a valid claim . 
  the current situation is dreadful . 
   in portugal you 're more likely to hear some news about some eastern european gang and their attacks than problems with the muslim community we have in here . 
  maybe we 've been lucky but it 's how to it is . 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
  the reason you hear about east european gangs instead of muslim attacks is because we have [ near to no muslims here ] ( http://www.comunidadeislamica.pt/pt/comunidade-islamica/comunidade-islamica-em-portugal/quantos-somos ) . 
  to put it into perspective . 
  we have somewhere between 0.05 % and 0.1 % muslims in our population . 
  france has 7 to 9 % . 
  to reach equivalent density as france , we 'd need to find another 650,000 muslims . 
   really disheartening tendency of refugees getting through the process in their countries and staying , but after a while seeking to migrate to france , germany , or sweden disheartening ? 
  at least we 're not creating the same issues that sweden , germany and france have to deal with . 
  give me a traditional asturian dish .
