  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hohenzollern_castle#/media/file:burg_hohenzollern_ak.jpg ), 
   no wind speak for yourself , aveiro is always windy . 
  hey man , it 's 20\u00bac outside ... 
  i have to wear long sleeves , this counts as cold . 
  still absent here in portugal , i hope it stays that way . 
  the spanish like to pretend they do n't understand portuguese . 
  or at least it 's a stereotype . 
  the basque i guess . 
  we love 'em anyway though . 
   europe has always been a melting pot of different nations/cultures . 
  we have ? 
  i mean . 
  even cultures as similar as the portuguese and the castilians have had borders for ages . 
  and just to be clear right . 
  portuguese / castilian culture diverged from a common ancestor , it certainly did not meld as a ` melting pot ' would imply . 
   reform the whole eu just for italy considering that portugal also wants to leave the euro , maybe not just for italy . 
  also it might lead to a development of a european military industry complex that could actually create jobs . 
  they could sell this fairly well but i do n't think they 'll want to put these new factories in countries that need jobs . 
   lets say belgium or portugal man , we 're always the example for when someone does n't identify with [ european country on the outskirts of the union ] . 
  wo n't someone please say spain for once ? 
  your kids are portuguese citizens by default by virtue of having a portuguese parent . 
  also if i recall correctly portugal has a treaty in place with england to facilitate migration of brits into the country . 
  sure . 
  islam is not the sole shitty ideology . 
  does that make it a good ideology or does it remain a shitty one ? 
  seems rather mad to me . 
  complaints over estimated noise can delay or outright halt development ? 
   i can see how portugal can be better than germany . 
  best country on earth if you make a decent living . 
  the economy is just ... not lending itself to let many of its natives reach that point . 
  reality is that leaving the euro would cause much more immediate damage were portugal to be the one pulling the lever first . 
  the portuguese are not blinded by affection towards the eu , it 's just a matter of practicality . 
  also plenty would rather reform the euro than leave it . 
   because religion is part of culture alright . 
  what part of german culture has anything to do with islam ? 
  see down here in the south , islam is a pretty significant part of it even if it 's our national identity being built around fighting it but i do n't see how it 's relevant in germany . 
  does n't make it acceptable . 
  surely this is something the eu should be regulating against ? 
  i 'm all for further cooperation with spain , an actual unification of countries i 'm not so keen on . 
  i 'm so triggered right now . 
  they can pry my c 's out of my cold dead hands . 
   tortilla de patata would be the best dish for the entire country . 
  made it today since i 've never had it . 
  this dish is actually great considering how simple it is . 
  for reference , i only used onions , potatoes , parsley and eggs . 
  i too play dota . 
  meh , it 's only the unimportant southerners , who cares . 
  considering that [ bacalhau com natas ] ( http://asminhasreceitas.com/sites/default/files/artigos/receitas-infaliveis-bacalhau-natas-1.jpg ) , [ bacalhau \u00e0 gomes de s\u00e1 ] ( http://gastronomiaefotografia.com.br/br/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/110.jpg ) , [ bacalhau \u00e0 br\u00e1s ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/bacalhau_a_bras.jpg ) , [ past\u00e9is de bacalhau ] ( http://5.fotos.web.sapo.io/i/o9d1471ae/18540556_9mzub.jpeg ) and [ bacalhau com batata a murro ] ( http://sm2.imgs.sapo.pt/mb/2/e/7ef6cd5f4825eae15da8214a964ae31e14b7c7.jpg ) all taste differently , no i guess we do n't . 
  would 've gone with carne de porco \u00e0 alentajana myself . 
  hate speech nowadays is the most ill-defined thing ever . 
  there are a lot of those pairings in europe . 
  to be honest with you friend , all spanish women have a great accent to my ears . 
  does n't it ring rather hollow when it ignores the fact that the portuguese luxembourgers are 16 % of the country 's population , portuguese is spoken twice as much as german ( 2.3 % to 1.1 % ) but german remains an official language ? 
  you know , ca n't we at least take solace that people are responding to this by voting rather than burning and killing ? 
  correlation is not causation . 
  there might have been increases in racist / xenophobic incident following brexit but this does not necessarily means it 's caused by brexit . 
  jesus man , are you okay ? 
  if i had to guess the eu will just negotiate the cooperation they want anyway and only make it into law the day after the uk leaves . 
  probably wrecked portuguese-french relations for a good 4 years . 
  still worth it . 
  what 's so wrong about sending mussolini 's daughter to be a representative in the eu parliament ? 
  do the sins of the father matter for the daughter ? 
  they 're not trade agreements governing standards , tariffs and so on . 
  those fall under eu law as i understand . 
  they 're bilateral investment agreements with knowledge trades and benefits for nationals of the other country . 
  for instance , ( if i recall correctly ) brazil has a policy on promoting brazilians over people of any other nationality , with a small caveat that portuguese people are exempt from this and should be treated as a brazilian would . 
  there are already several hundred portuguese companies with connections and dealings in brazil and vice-versa which undoubtedly make it easier to make way for further investments in those markets . 
  i was n't referring to a free trade agreement , merely that some trade treaties are already in place between portugal and brazil . 
  unsure about spain but portugal already has established trade and migration treaties with brazil . 
  does n't seem outlandish to me to assume spain has similar deals with their former colonies . 
  do they want to correct the record ? 
  some people get really offended by a historical piece of cloth , it 's nuts . 
  crossing the border south from galicia means you dial the clock back an hour . 
  i reiterate . 
  south . 
  i resent this poll for making me say that spain is the best at a lot of things . 
  ( except women , which are clearly french , and economic prosperity ), 
  let 's be honest with ourselves . 
  italy is too good for us . 
  we 'd be dancing with spain . 
  portugal 's right there with her . 
  if you want proper food you got ta head to the north , those southerners have n't even learned what seasoning and salt are . 
   was benevolent depends on what you 're focusing on . 
  conditions on colonial industries like sugar were awful and far worse than colonial industries in english and french ones . 
  that said , part of that has to do with the product being made itself . 
  meh , england and portugal got along somehow . 
  oh you wound me . 
  our nations have been allies for six centuries but this does n't warrant being called a close tie uh ? 
  you 're right , best we light ourselves on fire to warm our neighbours . 
  i think he 's saying that to sunnis , the shia would be the apostates . 
  ... that ca n't be real . 
  can it ? 
  i think the one asturian food i can even name is the fabada ( ? ) . 
  i 'm a fan of it even if barely ever cook it . 
  just googled tartiflette , it looks like a dish you 'd eat in a cold winter night by the fire . 
  i 'm gon na have to try to make it in december . 
  just stay on your side of the border this time spaniard . 
  i 'll have you know i know an ugly woman baker with a big shovel . 
  you could 've just said anywhere in portugal that is n't serra da estrela . 
  they tried several times and lost every time .
