there is n't a lot of anti-immigrant sentiment here at all well , considering half the youngest generation likely are gon na be immigrants themselves it 'd make us all sort of hypocrites to dislike them . 
  glad to see you 're enjoying portugal and that you can have a good life around here , some of us have to move on to other european countries eventually . 
  i mean , i guess you guys are better than france or germany so ... that 's something ? 
  spain ... 
  do n't tell them though . 
  it 's a southern thing as far as i know . 
  because spain is also a regional definition much like italy . 
  italy did n't exist until the late 1800s but the region was still referred to as italy . 
  you know , if italy was to be split into lombardia and napoli for some reason , people would still call the region italy . 
  much like our peninsula has been referred to as spain for a long time , it 's derived from the roman ` hispania ' . 
  which is why when people say ` the spanish kingdoms ' they refer to castile , portugal and aragon . 
  because they 're kingdoms ... in spain . 
  which is precisely why the king of le\u00f3n named himself 'em peror of all spain ' at some point . 
  you know ... because spain also describes a region . 
  of which portugal is part . 
  iberia is the greek name for the roman hispania for the moor al-andalus . 
  spain is a perfectly valid term for the peninsula . 
  the kingdom of spain ( el reino de espa\u00f1a ) is referring to being a kingdom of the geographical region . 
  not unlike the rebublic of portugal is referring to being the republic of the geographical region of portugal . 
  to end , portugal is a region which is a subset of the larger region that is spain which also includes catalonia , galicia , andalucia and castilla . 
  it is , spain is both a region and a nation state . 
  portugal is part of the former but not the latter . 
  how is this hard to comprehend ? 
  what are you on about mate ? 
  portugal is not a part of the spanish nation state . 
  but portugal is most definitely part of the spanish region . 
  if you were to look at the peninsula in ~ 1450 then you 'd see spain broken up into portugal , castile , aragon , navarre and granada . 
  i hate my own countryman 's aversion to even being mildly be associated with the spanish . 
  these two nation states have a lot of shared history and we 're likely more similar than any other pairing you could make anywhere else in europe . 
  portugal is not a part of spain when you define spain as the spanish nation state . 
  portugal is a part of spain when you define spain as the spanish region . 
  spain is the spanish nation state in the spanish region whereas portugal is the portuguese nation state in the spanish region . 
  i 'm on board with this portugalicia thing . 
  oh fair enough , i generally picture prussia as going from konigsberg to holstein more or less . 
  i thought the hohenzollern dynasty was prussian , why is their castle in baden ? 
  oh wow , ca n't take a joke mate ? 
  that 's kinda funny coming from an american actually . 
  when is alaska being given to canada ? 
  i still find it weird considering canh\u00f5es ( cannons ) used to be bret\u00f5es ( bretons / englishmen ) . 
  why would you hear about spain instead of their more dashing far more relevant neighbour ? 
  ^ ^ ^ france, 
  is there a single nation in the eu that has applied for more than a single language ? 
  if not i mean , spain applied for the one with the most speakers clearly . 
   particularly portugal and greece that have been cosying up to russia in recent times . 
  we have ? 
  sure but it depends if their concerns are relative to something eu related or not . 
  catalan independence is not something that the eu should preside over , that 's for catalonia and spain to sort out . 
  if the secession happens and catalonia wants to have a deal with the eu like any of the other member states then the eu will no doubt get involved but until that point , catalonian and spanish politics are between catalonia and spain . 
  the government and other associations . 
  circumcision is by and large not an anti-religion thing , it 's an infant rights protection thing . 
  in general , what matters here is that governments are looking to protect infants from their families while they do not have the cognitive power to make a decision that just affects themselves . 
  i 'm fairly sure no one is arguing against voluntary circumcisions for adults but kids ca n't consent to cosmetic surgery and as such should be protected by law from being put through them . 
   i did n't feel it oh you felt it , you just do n't remember it . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  catalonian secession is a matter for catalonia and spain , not something the eu has to make decisions over . 
  if they split and catalonia wants to join the eu post-secession then the eu has decisions to make but not before then . 
  how so ? 
  most of our language is very similar to spanish spelling and sounds . 
  i have nothing against it personally . 
  our politicians ca n't really get any worse . 
  i thought everyone hated skane . 
  clearly prussians . 
  kicked them out 700 years ago . 
  i 'm always perplexed by this opinion . 
  how is a german having control over your country any worse than an englishman ? 
  i am seriously not attached to the idea that i must have portuguese politicians making decisions over my country , i just want competent politicians no matter the nationality . 
   if it makes you happier , people from galicia understands portuguese perfectly to be fair , galego pretty much is portugese . 
  i do like galicia though , it 's like a spanish northern portugal . 
  they would n't but most portuguese people can understand spanish whereas the inverse is rarely true ( and no , portuguese do n't learn spanish either ) . 
  if they find it so difficult to understand portuguese i do n't know how they 're supposed to understand a language that 's so dissimilar to theirs . 
  i 'm surprised the number is that high . 
  they ca n't even understand portuguese let alone english . 
  italy and poland would probably be the best bets for a majority supporting a federation as far as i 'm aware . 
  caldo verde helps , i could eat that soup every goddamn day . 
  no more than us really over here in portugal really . 
  there 's a lot of parallels to it . 
  portugal / spain is another one but that was sorted over 300 years ago . 
   scottish universities charge one set of fees for scottish students and eu students , and another set of fees for non-scottish uk students . 
  as far as i 'm aware , it 's mostly due to the fact that english universities do not provide the same benefits to eu and scottish students . 
   steal africans from their lands and make them work as slaves the vast majority of african slaves involved in the atlantic slave trade were enslaved and sold off to europeans by other africans . 
  would you say galician will be fine ? 
   i think nationalism is on the rise . 
  not sure that 's the case in the younger generations . 
  from what i 've experienced it 's the older generation ( in their 50/60s ) that is becoming increasingly anti-eu as a reaction towards the recent financial crisis . 
  the younger generations ( 20s / early 30s ) seem to me to be much more affable towards the eu . 
  so when the older generations start dying out , it 'll be the pro-eu generation that has the majority opinion . 
   it is common to have dinner at 21:00 , or even later during the summer . 
  same here in portugal . 
  also true in spain . 
  apparently i should be in austria . 
  followed by spain and france . 
  that sounds about right except for the spain part of it . 
  there are a lot of ukrainian immigrants here in portugal . 
  they integrate fairly well , speak with a funny accent and get along just fine with everyone . 
  mate , people are free to not want a relationship with someone for whatever reason they want . 
  too tall ? 
  loves shellfish ? 
  does n't mean they think those people are n't worthy of love or that they 're inferior . 
  they perceive an incompatibility between themselves and the person that has those attributes and therefor think they 'd rather not date them . 
  get it in to your head , not wanting to date someone is n't the same as thinking they 're bad .
