  spain has a terrible track record against us and we 're basically an island if spain does n't wan na get beaten back again . 
  his portuguese is pretty good actually . 
   this was about fightning shitty rulers ( or rebel against taxation of some kind ) to get better ones . 
  taxing the portuguese to fund castilian wars that had nothing to do with the portuguese . 
  not appointing portuguese nobles to prominent positions like his grandfather did , filling portuguese courts with castilians . 
  not stopping the dutch from raiding all of our colonies despite the fact that they were supposed to be under the same king . 
  i mean . 
  it was preventable . 
  filipe iv of spain was just a cunt . 
  cause filipe iii ( filipe iv of spain ) was a cunt . 
  we liked filipe i ( filipe ii of spain ) . 
  mate , it 's banter . 
  you guys brought the french with you a lot of the times . 
  it 's only fair to let the english have their fun . 
  we 're not afraid , we just do n't want you guys to get bloodied again . 
   in what sense would you be a vassal under this vision ? 
  in a union , we 're part of a group that defends itself . 
  in an arrangement of sovereign countries being protected by a couple of countries then we are protectorates or vassals of said countries . 
   i personally would be more than happy for a portuguese government within a democratic portugal to make every decision pertaining to portugal . 
  not your decision to make , it 's ours . 
  if we want to share our sovereignty that 's our business . 
   but i recognise that a lot of portuguese people do n't want to pay for european defence more realistically , you should recognise that portugal has no real threats outside of spain being a dick with oil tankers every once in a while nor interests it wants to protect that its current military and police force ca n't handle ( see : timor leste ) . 
  you think we 'd prefer to be british and french vassals ? 
  no idea what you 're talking about , last i checked aveiro was n't in the south . 
  yep , this is how i do it as well . 
  well , i say `` boas '' because i 'm not a barbarian from the east but you know . 
  close enough . 
  romans loved lions and eagles mostly . 
  i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree on shaking a woman 's hand being humiliating . 
  i 'm not advocating for a banning just like i said in my first reply . 
  merely that it can be done . 
  i was contesting your assertion that it was unrealistic . 
  absolutely . 
  you could screen people that come from these areas with simple tests like shaking a woman 's hand or eating a little pork or whatever else . 
  far as banning religions go , you ca n't stop people from believing in something but you certainly can ban churches and kosher food . 
  you certainly can test someone for extremist beliefs . 
  was it not switzerland that was outraged over two kids who refused to shake the hand of their female teacher ? 
   in other words you blame muslim immigrants for anders breivik actually he 's saying that several norwegian political parties pushing for muslim immigration are what mostly motivated breivik . 
  not the same thing and i 'm sure you can discern the difference even if you find both despicable . 
   it is n't realistic to ban a religion not that i want to ban anything but how is it not realistic ? 
  a government absolutely could ban a religion if it wanted to . 
  putting limitations on immigration for people with a certain religion is even easier . 
  our blood pudding is a lot better than yours to tell you the truth . 
  why would anyone try to improve on the espresso ? 
  it 's already perfect . 
  you will notice that i specifically noted that it was your government that advocated for rushed expansion , not the british people . 
  as far as brexit is concerned , you guys decide what you want for your country . 
  just do n't expect the rest of us to not work for our own interests when it comes to negotiating . 
  yeah i do n't buy that at all . 
  anti-refugee maybe . 
   the entire design is faulty and a product of rushed expansion . 
  of which your government was the major proponent for i might add . 
  we have way too many overpaid generals that likely do n't know a single thing about modern warfare . 
  [ professional dota 2 player . 
  ] ( http://wiki.teamliquid.net/dota2/puppey ), 
  we 'll be fine , thanks . 
  portugal all lives on the western coast . 
  spain 's big cities are far away from portugal 's high population concentration with the exception of vigo . 
  that 'd be my best guess . 
   had a serious break down of law and order alright . 
  why do you think this is the case ? 
  this is why the countries they come from are fucked up . 
  because people like this live there . 
  save basic income for the proliferation of robotic industry to be honest . 
  there 's an oppressed pizza minority in scotland eh ? 
  he has always struck me as wary of the eu 's plan to integrate further than anything else . 
  if i were to move to bilbao could i get by with portu\u00f1ol ? 
  i 'm unsure how much castilian is actually spoken there , let alone if you partly understand portuguese . 
  oh wait , we 're doing better . 
  haha !, 
  in your face , east iberians !, 
  it 's not really the case in the entire west . 
  i grew up with my grandfather at home and i 'm really happy about it in retrospect . 
  got to learn all about his adventures in italy and venezuela . 
  i 'm a simple man . 
  i see portugal ranking better than spain and i upvote . 
  we 're up to eighteen degrees now . 
  i 'm not sure what to do ... 
  i actually took off my coat . 
  what can i say , your doubt about whether overseas camps would work is just the same as my doubt that we could 've kept refugees in the countries where they were assigned . 
  guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  then we should 've managed our borders and sent them to the aforementioned camps we should 've funded overseas . 
  oh just kill that meme . 
  what should 've been done from the fucking start would 've been to fund refugee camps in turkey , jordan and lebanon . 
  we 'd help more refugees for the same amount of money without also bringing millions to europe . 
  but no . 
  we have to bring them to europe so that idiots can feel like they 're helping and being humanitarian . 
  [ it 's actually pretty cold here . 
  the only reason there is n't portuguese pushback against insane german refugee policies is because there 's no need to pushback against it . 
  the refugees ' own self-interest align with what we want . 
  make no mistake , the portuguese population largely does n't want anything to do with refugees from the middle-east . 
  i imagine that after you make a we / ee split you 'll also cut off se from we . 
  spain in general is a gorgeous country but i do think andalusia is their shining jewel . 
  now how they managed to have awful coffee is beyond me . 
  it was actually amusing to see that portuguese takes turns on which word happens to be closer in this video . 
  was about half and half surprisingly . 
   it is a problem of the total failure of the southern european economies to support their youth with enough jobs . 
  i 'm not disagreeing . 
  i 'm just not sure how the situation would be better if we did not have the ability to freely work abroad either . 
   the western european working class basically never uses the former what .
