  would spain ever agree to this though ? 
  seems awful for the host country . 
  no no , the young turks are better than you . 
  people who attack the homeless are just the worst . 
  if you have doubts they 'll even help with your choice , nice lads the russians . 
  do they resemble people from portugal more than they do people from switzerland ? 
  they 're probably ethnically portuguese . 
  anyway , a lot of other european countries have a portion of their history where their ancestors had to fight a different group of people that was oppressing them and occupying their land . 
  i 'm not sure this is an instinct for the swiss but it feels to me as disrespectful to just let what they fought for to be in vain . 
  i 'd like for portugal to remain portuguese and i 'm certain a lot of eastern europe also wants their country to remain as they are , not demographically replaced . 
  i 'm not sure portuguese immigrants in switzerland are swiss , no matter how much they 've assimilated . 
  they 'll still be ethnically portuguese and hold portuguese traditions from their upbringing . 
  honestly the spanish one looks portuguese as well . 
  i 'm sure my countrymen will burn me at the stake for saying it though . 
  sidenote : stupid sexy spaniards . 
  i 'd rather take galicia and salamanca to be honest . 
   this sort of bs of self-pity by some portuguese drives me crazy . 
  dude . 
  portuguese engineers are brilliant , hard-working people . 
  any sort of managerial position however , is more-likely-than-not the stereotypical portuguese fuck-up . 
  nuclear plants are fine . 
  the issue is portuguese managers for said plant . 
  we also have this phenomenon ... we might actually be slavic . 
  guess i took the comment much worse than intended , sorry !, 
  please do keep ignoring the part where i outlined that portugal 's economy was bad and that the country was great if you made a good living . 
  cause really , you 're just parroting what i said back at me . 
   minority free we have minorities . 
  they 've just been assimilated . 
  they 're just as portuguese , they might just have mozambican or angolan parents or ukrainian names . 
  yeah , england 's richer . 
  what else you got ? 
  oh right . 
  ever increasing government surveillance , government intrusion on pornography consumption , obligatory television fees for a biased media channel , terrorist threats , minorities you ca n't assimilate which lead to things like roterham , a cultural caste system , tasteless fruit , awful cold weather and the need to spend hundreds of pounds to experience what i can with five minutes of biking . 
  not even your retirees want to live out the rest of their lives in england . 
  i feel fine over here in the `` third world '' , thanks . 
  if you think portugal is awful to live in i have no idea where to even start with you . 
  the only thing wrong with this country is the economy and lack of work , if you have a good income over here i do n't think there 's a better place on the planet to live on ( maybe spain which is basically the same ) . 
  go on and preach . 
  tell me how great england is compared to portugal . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  feels pretty good to live in an irrelevant country sometimes . 
  did we get involved in this ? 
  i need to go look it up . 
   our country , we set the rules  also his country , where he can campaign to change the rules . 
  what he said : `` my mother eats the eyes ... and i become extremely confused and weirded out seeing it ... '', 
  the golden rule of portugal : anywhere south of wherever the fuck you 're from is moors . 
   french men are still the biggest thread for rape ( ... ) and murder for french women absolute number or as a ratio of crimes per capita ? 
  cut all the way down to aveiro and i 'm fine with it . 
  you actually think that a ferry service from tripoli to sicily is better than just dumping people in trouble at the nearest port ? 
  at least the latter dissuades people smugglers and migrants probably saving lives in the end . 
  say we 're playing blackjack . 
  i 'm the house , you 're at the table . 
  would you prefer to bet before or after you see your cards ? 
  the house ( the eu ) prefers that you bet ( negotiate ) before the cards are dealt ( after article 50 is triggered ) . 
  the eu will negotiate , it 'll just be in the 2 year negotiating period as outlined by article 50 . 
  it 's simple game theory at work here . 
  the uk has an upper-hand in negotiations if they 're done without article 50 being enacted and this advantage shifts to the eu after article 50 is triggered . 
  each player is acting according to how it benefits them right now . 
  the eu position is that they 'll talk about it when article 50 is enacted . 
  it had a 60 year intermission but otherwise it 's still correct . 
  spanish chorizo is spicier , the portuguese chouri\u00e7o tastes a bit more like wine . 
  generally the flavour is stronger in the chouri\u00e7o and it 's darker in appearance as well . 
  multiculturalism is a bad joke . 
  we need to finally admit to ourselves that mena cultures are not compatible with ours . 
  there 's nothing wrong with immigrants necessarily , there 's something truly wrong with immigrants that abhor our culture , our way of life and our values and that also refuse to assimilate . 
  i 'll happily take all the chinese , ukrainians , brazilians , angolans or whoever else wants to come to portugal . 
  we 've seen they can assimilate and be as portuguese as the natives . 
  but immigration from the mena region is a powder-keg in western society . 
  possible . 
  my girlfriend actually immigrated here from salamanca so there 's bound to be more actual spaniards as well . 
  no the false equivalence was the implication that i would n't condemn the right-wing side for it , i must 've not made that clear enough i apologize . 
   i get it , it 's ` in ' to claim the left needs to be more accommodating to the right . 
  i do n't particularly care about accommodating the right , i care left-wing parties listening to their constituents . 
  i agree with the right-wing on almost nothing apart from immigration , and even then it 's a tangential agreement . 
  now , i 'm lucky in the fact that portugal is rather isolated from these problems so i can vote center-left and not be too bothered but i can certainly empathize that there must be many people in western countries that are largely left-wing-minded but truly dislike the left 's stance on immigration and insecure wide open borders . 
  they 're colonizing us are n't they . 
  ca n't beat us in a fight , need to do it with their alluring women . 
  it 's fine , we 'll have colonized switzerland by then . 
   and by the time you have a second or third generation `` immigrant '' these people are integrated into the dutch culture . 
  this is the important bit of your argument . 
  i 'm quoting it so it 's clear that this is the main point of contention . 
  for one , you did nothing to address the fact that i specified ` native dutch ' and not ` dutch ' . 
  some people will take issue with their country becoming less and less ethnically homogeneous and you have no counter to their argument if the quote is your rebuttal . 
  for two , i do n't think that whether or not these people are assimilated or even just integrated by the second or third generation is proven true either way . 
  i think that france 's ( and belgium 's ) recent terrorist attacks have mostly originated from second and third generation immigrants . 
  they 've grown up in france and it was their grandparents that were the first generation immigrants . 
  if the quote was completely correct then we would not have seen this development would we ? 
  it stands to reason that second and third generation immigrants are not necessarily assimilated or integrated . 
  as far as holland specifically is concerned , i believe that moroccans are disproportionately represented in crime statistics . 
  doubtless that this might solely be a class issue and not an ethnic issue , i have n't read enough to ascertain as to which is more likely . 
  so your main argument is at best correct with exceptions , it 's not a blanket truth . 
  in my view , this makes your argument incomplete because it can not tackle the concerns of people with regards to its exceptions ( i.e. 
  the second to third generation immigrants that are not assimilated or integrated ) . 
  i guess this is my fault for not replying to you in full . 
  right then . 
  the op is correct in identifying why wilders ' remarks are racist , he makes a really good point and delineates it very well . 
  i do n't even disagree with what he says . 
  what i do disagree with is that it accomplishes very little to just hurl labels and not listen as to why his ever-growing support is flocking to him . 
  he 's clearly running a racist platform with racist ideas but ... why is his support growing ? 
  are people just growing more racist and more extremist by the day ?
