  [ one of said attempts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_aljubarrota ) was a catastrophic defeat . 
   or retaking portugal the fuck ? 
  they never took it at all . 
  we were united under the same king . 
  turkey in cyprus is my guess as to what he 's alluding to . 
  i 'm not sure about this , portuguese catholics tend to be really nice , well-meaning people compared to non-catholic portuguese people anyway . 
  i 'll grant you that you can argue that the catholic church 's influence in portugal is thin despite being widespread . 
  he 's condescending sure but not wrong , psychology and sociology are not known for their scientific rigor . 
  not that it 's necessarily the fault of psychology and sociology researchers , it 's hard , if not impossible , to define quantifiable data in those fields . 
  result reproduction might actually be attainable even if not generally practiced ( and to be fair , the practice of result reproduction is also sorely lacking in stem as well these days ) . 
   as far as i 'm aware it 's just a theory right ? 
  it 's conjecture . 
  it does n't even have the scientific backing that actual theories do . 
  not that you can expect much scientific rigor from sociologists and psychologists . 
  whoa calm down . 
  optimism is not allowed in portugal . 
  i certainly hope the spanish economy flourishes , it 'd do wonders to the portuguese one . 
   manunians do you mean mancunians ? 
  as in , people from manchester ? 
  man ... we kinda are . 
  we 're just also very resourceful . 
  come on trucidator , i know you 're more intelligent than this . 
  yes , your vote for brexit was fueled by a distaste for the rules of the eu and its ambitions but you know that this was n't the case for a large portion of brexit voters . 
   spain is probably not going to make a move against you spain is a treacherous nation and so are the spaniards within it . 
  they make you think they 're harmless but it 's only because they 're infighting , as soon as their infighting subsides they 'll come . 
  mark my words . 
  never trust the perfidious spaniard . 
  guard the border . 
  keep a baker 's shovel nearby . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ spaniards, 
  not that rare in aveiro , mostly due to very strong winds that tend to subside mid-day . 
  i think it 's more like `` what 's wrong with you ? '', 
  do n't even get me fucking started on 5\u00bac at 8 am and 26\u00bac at 1 pm . 
  consider for a moment that other countries value freedom of movement more than they value other parts of the single market . 
  this is the agreement all these states have agreed to . 
  the uk has an issue with freedom of movement , that much is clear . 
  but you ca n't just disregard it wholesale because it does n't interest you , the other nations value that part of the agreement and they want it upheld . 
  ultimately , the uk is not free to impose its will and preferences on every other nation , they have wills and preferences as well and they might diverge from yours . 
  if freedom of movement is such a detriment to the uk then perhaps single market access is simply not a worthwhile pursuit for the uk , that 's up to the british to decide on . 
  my main point is that just because the british do n't like it , does n't mean other nations ca n't . 
   and the people have recently decided they want all their sovereignty back because they 're tired of the eu . 
  absolutely . 
  what you need to understand is that freedom from the eu also includes freedom from the benefits of being in the eu . 
  the single market arrangement includes freedom of movement , it 's a take it or leave it thing . 
  i 'm sure that the eu would love for the uk to be part of the single market , it remains to be seen if the uk is willing to agree to freedom of movement or not . 
  sadly yes . 
  people here are very scared and uninformed about all things nuclear . 
  actually yes , that 's more correct . 
  spanish j is like the english h. see : `` jajajajajaja '' = `` hahahahaha '' portuguese j is like the english j. 
  but that 's the [ bulgarian ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/4/49/bulgaria_is_in_bad_mood.png/revision/latest?cb=20150728044852 ) flag ... 
   funnily enough i have a house in portugal though . 
  good on you , best country in the world to live in if you earn good money . 
  technically they could 've sailed and landed on danish shores before any other ones . 
  uh , portugal and spain are n't interested ? 
  surprising . 
  while i 'd like to agree with the general sentiment of your espoused view , i find it to be a reductionist one . 
  you 're overlooking the influence of their parents ' culture that will not doubt be imparted consciously or not when they interact with their children . 
  they will not uphold european values just like any european with european parents would , they will have vestiges of their parents ' values as well . 
  do n't let these spaniards fool you . 
  the independence movement that carries the most momentum is the portuguese one . 
  going strong for centuries now . 
  integration or assimilation . 
  france has had algerian descended people for 3 generations or so now and just this past summer you 'll recall just how poorly some of these people can be integrated . 
  you 're lumping people 's concerns into simple xenophobia when they might not have an issue at all with another immigrant group . 
  i mean , do you really believe that there 's no distinction between how compatible say , a portuguese person or an arab person would be with spanish society ? 
  neither looks particularly different to the spanish either . 
  i mean , you can see that east asians mostly integrate just fine into all kinds of western countries whether it 's chinese in canada or vietnamese in poland . 
  south americans mostly integrate fine in portugal and spain as well . 
  is it still just racism or xenophobia if it 's consistently islamic people that are both ill-integrated and ill-wanted ? 
  the gist of it being that cultural compatibility is a legitimate concern . 
  i 'm sure islamic people will solely possess attitudes and ideas that we find socially palatable . 
  they wo n't at all come with their awful ideas of how society should be . 
  if your house does n't have 30 crosses on the wall , you ca n't call yourself portuguese . 
  the portuguese one is spot-on . 
  100 % factual . 
  yeah having addicts go door to door to beg money to feed their addiction was very commonplace when i was growing up but after i got into my late teens they all but disappeared . 
  if that 's the law at work i 'm all for keeping it . 
  i mean . 
  i do n't like alcohol so that makes me atypical . 
  still feel portuguese . 
  cretans are tough ? 
  i met some of the nicest people ever when i went there . 
   teleological i learned a new word today . 
  thanks man . 
  it 's believable . 
  we have a good amount of ukrainian immigrants and they 're generally well regarded , couple that with the fact that most portuguese people do n't really distinguish between ukrainians and russians and the result is not surprising . 
  if i had to guess , most respondents to that poll were thinking of arabs ( moors ) . 
  most black immigrants have been here for decades , their kids or grandchildren have been born here and they speak portuguese indistinguishable from a native so they 're not really regarded as immigrants . 
  your average brazilian is seen as more of an outsider than your average black person in portugal . 
   because he refused to take her into hospital the fuck ?!, 
  i 'm not sure who 's worse , the assaulter or the guy refusing to take the poor woman to a hospital . 
  call it pragmatic . 
  both opting out or in are an extra step in effort which most people do n't wan na do . 
  in an opt-out system you have more available organs to either save lives or increase quality of life for sick people than you would in an opt-in system . 
  those who are opposed to the idea of donating still have the legal framework to avoid donating so it 's not like anyone is forcing them into anything . 
  what if the organ just massively increases someone 's quality of life ? 
  is that not enough ? 
  blatant disregard for the well-being of south european common-folk with overbearing austerity . 
  i 've witnessed far too many old people struggling to make ends meet , it was actually very common to see every single house on a road start up their own garden just a few years ago . 
  insane immigration ideals , blatant disregard for immigration rules .
