  most europeans should be able to identify major mountain ranges in europe like the alps , carpathians and the pyrenees . 
   portugal - ukraine ( 45 % ) you know , i do n't even mind . 
  plenty of them already already and they integrate very well . 
  they have an odd accent but it 's actually endearing . 
  i sincerely hope this is just anti-migrant propaganda . 
  those should n't be conditions for small kids to go to school with . 
   as they do n't happen to exist but there were ukrainian refugees just a couple of years ago . 
  poland took in several tens of thousands . 
  tossing your vote does nothing though . 
  electing opposition does influence change . 
  i understand the concerns with electing an extremist party , i do . 
  however if none of the other parties are representing the concerns of the disgruntled minority then that 's how you get extremist parties in government . 
  you want to be upset and disappointed at anyone ? 
  look to the parties that ostracized their unhappy constituents . 
  was there another alternative to vote for if they were really concerned with the migrant crisis ? 
  it 's half-true . 
  we understand you mostly fine . 
  easy to get rid of them ( afd ) , the government needs to revise its policies and tend to the wishes and concerns of the disgruntled minority . 
  that 's democracy . 
   like you , everybody i know is disgusted and embarrassed tonight . 
  you 're disgusted that the germans which are unhappy with how the government is conducting itself exercised their power to elect opposition to the current government ? 
  that 's democracy friend . 
  you ca n't just push the policies you want through against the wishes of a minority without some backlash . 
   france , italy and spain can make their own romance union . 
  oh that 's fine ... we 'll just uh , sit here by ourselves , no big deal i mean . 
  we did n't like those guys anyway . 
  hey england , how about we join the united kingdom ? 
  they can understand you fine if you speak slowly and they try a bit . 
  also depends on the region , in salamanca or galicia they 'll understand you . 
  similar to iberian languages i 'd wager . 
  spain 's pretty good at this so i would n't worry about it too much . 
  they already have frequent patrols to prevent drug smuggling from morocco ( portugal does too ) . 
  i 'll point out that guardian your border is your job , not france 's . 
  so france holding people in calais is a favour to your border protection agency . 
  sorry to say but your coffee is below par even for portuguese standards . 
   came back pretty much demolished the hell ? 
  what did they do to it ? 
  i 've had it , it 's pretty great . 
  yeah you 're right , these distribution quotas should absolutely be decided solely by politicians who 'll never even live close to the people they 're distributing . 
  we already speak the language , your economy is growing and you need high education workers . 
  it 's also slightly more attractive because of weather and similar culture . 
  we have large diaspora in france , luxembourg and switzerland but most people are going to the uk , germany , netherlands and brazil nowadays . 
  pretty much . 
  much better job prospects abroad for more money . 
  far as i 'm aware ( from chats with colleagues , friends and family ) mostly around geneva , lausanne and bern . 
  we are . 
  the portuguese are slowly emigrating into switzerland until we can achieve a majority and vote to annex you guys into portugal . 
  fuck , i gave up our evil plan guys . 
  double down on luxembourg and france . 
  i did it again did n't i ? 
  here 's a better idea : make it more attractive for us to stay here . 
  somewhere in the south i 'd wager . 
  friendly hating on spain is a cultural thing , we love you lot at the end of the day . 
  eurostat is blowing it out of proportion . 
  portugal has a lot of emigrants but they eventually come back to the country down the line with their family or to start one . 
  do n't worry , over the last few days our prime minister has been broadcasting broad support for the uk ( to keep them in the eu specifically ) over the radio and tv . 
  portugal has a , somewhat misplaced and unrequited , fervent loyalty toward england . 
  * snide comment making fun of our iberian brothers and asserting portuguese superiority . 
  * i kid . 
  come on spain , you 're better than this . 
  it 's alright mate . 
  i put spanish cured meats on my croissants all the time . 
  it 's the portuguese way to be half-spanish and half-french . 
  humans are hard-wired to protect `` their '' women from the archetypal `` other group '' . 
  it 's human nature at work here really . 
  do you mean turks ? 
  the most secular of all muslims ? 
  the ones with recent history of a giant empire that rivaled and mimicked european powers ? 
  i mean , i 'm not surprised if they assimilated and integrated just fine , they share some cultural similarity and are n't as bound to the quran . 
  nah , you guys keep them . 
  i 'm glad that despite our government 's idiocy , we 're isolated from this problem you northerners have wrought on europe . 
  i 've met a saudi who referred to himself as asian . 
  he 's technically correct but when western europeans hear ` asian ' they think china and japan , not saudi arabia . 
  economists argue for more integration , what else is new . 
  the notion that being an island nation led to a creation of an overseas empire is absurd . 
  portugal and spain were the pioneers in setting them up and neither of them are island countries . 
  it is far more reasonable to assume that england set out to copy spain and portugal after seeing the vast amounts of wealth they were bringing in . 
   political correctness not present in portugal or spain and i 'd be very surprised if it ever was . 
   but do n't you dare to make fun of us if you 're not from here , guiri . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could make fun of a spaniard and not be lynched . 
  `` officials are refusing to discuss the ethnicity of those arrested at the street festival '' the optimist in me wants to think that the german police are following protocol and this is just how they handle all arrests . 
  the cynic in me thinks that if the arrests were mostly german they 'd be shouting it out . 
  they would n't be after a brexit . 
  depends if they join the eea or not . 
   iberia ( spain + portugal ) funnily , i think it 'd be spain who would have a bigger problem with that arrangement . 
   you think refusing a federal structure means less french or german hegemony ? 
  possibly , if italy and spain bounce back . 
  we have a fair number of dutch tourists coming every year around aveiro , they 're nice . 
   it 's only -5 degrees mate , over here we do n't go below -1 on the possibly coldest day of the coldest time of year . 
  we consider 10 degrees to be cold . 
  when you 're used to sunshine and warm weather all day every day throughout the year then a place like canada is depressingly cold and dark . 
  the weather has a pretty big influence on our mood and canada 's weather is a giant departure from the mediterranean weather . 
  meh , we emigrate everywhere . 
  toronto has a sizable portuguese community last i heard . 
  ol' chap , you learned it from ** us ** . 
  it 's cold and they 're used to the mediterranean . 
  which ? 
  ... goddamn it . 
  what 's the point in being top 10 if we 're behind spain ? 
  fuck this gay earth .
