  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/asylum-policy-and-treatment-of-refugees-in-the-european-union-a-926939.html ) is an article from 2013 on it . 
  i probably could track down even older evidence but i 'm not that interested in doing it . 
   by nations just not wanting any part of it as is their right . 
  the european union has failed its obligations by ignoring greece and italy 's repeated ask for help securing them for the past 8 years . 
  sadly the portuguese government is too spineless to veto it as well , i am thankful that the polish remain sane amidst this crisis . 
  i wonder why our days of the week differ so much from the spanish and the french , you 'd think they 'd be similar . 
  i 'm glad that our dearest neighbors made it through safe and sound . 
  yeah so you should deport them to your off-shore shelter of choice . 
  european nations should look out for their native populations first and everyone else after . 
  both would 've been more lawfully applied by creating refugee camps closer to syria . 
  you could 've helped more people for less money and completely avoided causing distress to the native populations . 
  it just does n't sound as noble or as self-flagellating so the german ego would n't have it , it needed to be the patron saint of europe and bring them all in instead . 
  pretty much . 
  germany ( and sweden really ) have taken a bleeding heart 's approach to this migrant crisis and have inflicted it on the rest of europe against their will . 
  eastern european nations have from the start been saying they do n't want any refugees in their land and germany is trying to impose it on them . 
  fuck that , germany wants them ? 
  they can keep them . 
  i have been to riga in the summer actually . 
  loved the place , shame i could only stay for four days . 
  yeah man , 12\u00ba ?!, 
  you had to put on a sweater probably . 
  being perceived as shit poor is n't seeming so bad either . 
  just be happy they are n't coming here . 
   this may offend some but non european migrants are not rushing to claim asylum in ( ... ) portugal . 
  thank fuck for that . 
  portugal , rich enough to have good quality of life , poor enough to not be seen as a destination for migrants . 
  seems to me like portugal gets a good deal . 
  we neighbour our anglo friends and our norwegian cod suppliers . 
  we even get rid of bordering spain !, 
  so we trade spain for france neighbour-wise and get much closer to brazil . 
  i 'm alright with it . 
  are we gon na have a discussion about non-scottish people doing scottish things in scotland ? 
   because she is a dual dutch-moroccan national is she married to a dutch citizen ? 
  far as i 'm aware the netherlands does n't allow for dual-citizenship except in rare circumstances . 
  probably does n't help that bavarian is by large the most identifiable german culture to foreigners either . 
  germans that built an identity out of not being part of germany . 
  i find it pretty hard to meaningfully distinguish austria from germany on a cultural level . 
  it did n't need to establish the west african squadron to disrupt the triangle trade either . 
  here 's the truth : every nation and its people conquered , enslaved , pillaged and killed . 
  however only europeans get slammed for it , because they did it better . 
  absolutely true . 
  however , it is imperative we do not forget that the events in cologne certainly fuel violence in the less educated , less rational and less self-controlled of the native populations . 
  they 're angry , they act out . 
  it is their fault without a doubt but to deny that outside events play a factor is lunacy . 
  they really should fund the basque as well , it 's outrageous they forgot about them . 
  portugal colonized the a\u00e7ores , madeira and cape verde . 
  there were no natives in any of those archipelagos . 
  these were also some of the first european colonies ever . 
  that article mostly mentions economic disparity which was expected . 
  the cultural differences pointed out were minor , seems to me there was still an overarching german identity that was similar enough for both parties . 
  in portugal , we 've seen an oddity where ukrainian migrants integrate far better than migrants from our former african colonies . 
  it seems dishonest to me to think that eastern europeans are as dissimilar to western europeans as middle-easterners or africans are . 
  was the communist part of germany that different from the western part of germany upon reunification when it came to culture ? 
  slower to civil unions , faster to marriage . 
  well played spaniards . 
   i do n't personally read the tabloids myself . 
  good attitude to have but a lot of the british populace does do so and pretending that they are n't having an effect is rather daft . 
  trucidator , you usually seem reasonable and calm in discussions around here even if most people disagree with you on the uk 's presence in the eu but damn are you glossing over just how much your domestic press bullshits its way through your populace . 
  no idea . 
  in my part of the country we seem to make more fun of the french than we do of the spanish . 
  we have this one but it 's about france . 
  uh , we tell this one about southerners . 
  there are a lot of ukrainians in portugal as well . 
  they 're great to have around , would n't mind having more . 
   everyone with an ounce of sanity already know female-only units would perform worse . 
  why ? 
  would 've picked spain if not the economic woes , picked the nl instead . 
  yes we did . 
   the eu needs to prove it can an effective political organisation of nations absolutely , the bigger issue with it is that national governments refuse to hand over power to the eu and then complain when the eu does n't have the means they were n't given to solve the problem . 
  overall the european nation states are complaining that the eu is n't using the powers they never gave to the eu . 
  the eu is n't ultimately at fault but it becomes an easy scapegoat . 
  so i went to look up what one has to do to become a spanish citizen and came across this : `` unless you 're from a spanish-american country , andorra , the philippines , equatorial guinea or portugal , you also have to renounce your previous nationality . '', 
  why are we in this list ? 
  germany , well merkel more aptly , and sweden really did fuck this up royally . 
  on the other hand , the eu has never been given the power to appropriately deal with it on a supra-national level . 
  ultimately , the current situation pleases no one . 
  not the federalists , not the skeptics . 
  the british have their referendum date set , all of us who are n't british should let them decide what they think is best for themselves . 
  if they stay , hopefully we continue to work together and if they leave i 'm sure we 'll live . 
  your example is erroneous because it only mentions muslims succeeding with multiculturalism when they are the majority . 
  was only referring to european ones actually . 
  i 'm just wondering what portugal and spain did to get lumped in with this shit . 
  spain 's been pretty good at securing its border far as i 'm aware and no one crosses in from portugal anyway . 
  not like we 're not getting stuff ready to take in refugees either . 
  it 's them who do n't want to come here . 
  de does n't express gender at all ( since it just means ` of ' ) . 
  portugal as a noun generally has no associated pronoun . 
  you 'd say ` portugal \u00e9 bonito ' which rather implies it 's male because of the adjective but you still would n't use any pronoun for it . 
  unlike england which would be female and have a pronoun . 
  `` a inglaterra \u00e9 bonita '' . 
  that sentence has both the female pronoun ` a ' and the adjective is in the female form . 
  funnily i think only portugal , san marino and cyprus are ` male countries ' in portuguese . 
  ( out of the european ones , there are plenty of male ones elsewhere like canada or brazil ) edit : the vatican is also male actually . 
  edit2 : so are the united kingdom , kosovo , montenegro , luxembourg , liechtenstein , monaco and wales . 
  the other ones within the uk are female though . 
  i would n't know . 
  my brother 's been successfully self-employed for years for what it 's worth . 
  if they leave , can we join ? 
  your leaders seem like an upgrade over ours . 
  what about [ hohenzollern castle ?
