  man , at least our players were n't intending on mauling the opposition . 
  good lord some of those tackles by the french were ugly as sin . 
  it came home boys . 
  faith paid off . 
  france , i love you and all but ... 
  the cup is coming all the way to lisbon . 
  what ? 
  he 's confident bordering on arrogant but he 's a stand-up dude . 
  refuses to get tattoos so he can keep donating blood . 
  [ looks like a real jerk in this video too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yirsa_cfhg ) . 
  we have a sizable community of ukrainians over here and there were some arrivals . 
  no one really noticed anything out of the ordinary though . 
   i would have gone with jo\u00e3o ii same . 
  by far the most impactful king we 've ever had . 
  i would n't even mind if it was marqu\u00eas de pombal . 
  mate , considering we 've been allies for 630 years , i 'd say you have been intrinsically linked to a catholic southern european state . 
  this is entirely on sweden 's own policy mate . 
  that 's weird . 
  our `` compet\u00eancia '' is closer to the english definition than the castilian ? 
  some of us will . 
  we 'll probably just continue working in france and switzerland instead . 
   if they want out , why not ? 
  sure . 
  absolutely . 
  but this is not what you were advocating . 
  you said that multi-nation states should be dismantled because they make the european union unstable . 
  galicia would be one of the nations `` taken out '' of spain should it be dismantled . 
  it 's one thing to argue that people who want independence should be able to attain it , it 's another to say that a multi-nation state should be dismantled . 
  catalan independence and the dismantling of spain accomplish the same thing for catalans but not the same thing for every other part of spain . 
  sure , for the catalans it ends up being the same but do you actually want an independent galicia ? 
  were you trying to be that transparent in wishing for spain 's dismantling ? 
  spain has said before that it has no issues with scotland seceding and joining the eu provided it secedes with approval from its own parliament and the united kingdom 's parliament . 
  probably because they wo n't ever recognize catalonian independence . 
  we 're getting the catalonians and basque too ? 
  that 'll make 1700 german maps look tidy . 
  i 'm sorry ol' chap but we 're gon na have to call norway as rightful portuguese fishing clay . 
   in my country ( portugal ) i do n't expect a referendum . 
  sadly i might add . 
  i would very much so like the people to be able to voice their opinion on this . 
  i would n't even mind , you 'd have to get rid of the whole monarchy thing though . 
  we however , are stuck with the rolling green hills part of the peninsula . 
   i do n't b elong to one of those numbers so i dont give a fuck , still your country is a burden to the eu , poor poor as fuck . 
  so please shut your mouth . 
  your hypocrisy is telling . 
  you 're different from the muslims that feature in crime statistics , do n't assimilate , want sharia law and so on . 
  but i obviously have to fit within portugal 's lack of wealth . 
   if they ban islam they have to ban all religions no they do n't . 
  you absolutely can ban one religion and not another . 
   do you seriously want to piss off the hardcore muslims ? 
  so the reason we should n't enforce our culture and safeguard the native population is because it 'll trigger jihad ? 
   but oh no islam will not be ban in the near future keep dreaming . 
  if your companions of faith keep up the terrorism , it 's likely to happen . 
  you really think europeans will let themselves be bombed , beheaded and raped for much longer without retaliation ? 
  the anti-islam sentiment is already growing and more jihad will certainly not quell it . 
   and also what would you do about bosnia and albania ? 
  what bosnia and albania do is up to them , they 're sovereign nations and they decide what to do about their own country . 
  sadly i ca n't say the same for portugal , we run the risk of a political union with countries like france and germany who seem entirely too willing to commit demographic suicide . 
   and says the portuguese , your country is shit and a burden to the eu . 
  far less of a burden than muslims to the eu if you wan na go by the numbers . 
  you do n't want to play this game . 
   like fucking what ? 
  deport us ? 
  we 're citizens tho ? 
  do you think its within the legal the strip someone of their passports and citizenship and leave us stateless ? 
  you 're absolutely right that the government has no legal means of just getting rid of their country 's muslim population . 
  it can however impose a ban on islam , ban on mosques , ban on foreign imams among a plethora of other options . 
  islam is not compatible with the west . 
  your ideology is backwards , it foments attitudes that the west finds extremist . 
  our culture will not tolerate islamic ideals and the european people are slowly and steadily realizing it . 
  when and if the people will it islam will not have a place in europe . 
  the government will comply to the will of the people or it will be made to . 
   you ca n't do anything about us we can . 
  we have collectively chosen not to . 
   most likely spain and portugal as well spain probably would . 
  portugal i doubt . 
  there 's a cultural affection for the uk , they 're never portrayed as poorly here as they are in other european countries from what i 've seen . 
  our own prime minister has stated over several public statements that portugal is committed to keeping the uk in the eu . 
  i doubt that he 'd take a stance on `` punishing '' the english , it would likely be unpopular . 
  if that makes us jaime lannister , i do n't see the problem . 
  try france or poland ? 
  does n't your national anthem mention italy or italians as well ? 
  spain 's our girlfriend , get your own . 
  never seen it done without tuna . 
  also i 'm gon na make some myself now , you guys make me hungry . 
  when i was kid it was n't rare to see addicts roaming about the streets , even begging door to door to feed their habit . 
  not a thing you see nowadays . 
  do n't worry , if it were a western european union , the discussion would be about how they should n't have taken in the southerners . 
   would n't most of them have the right to spanish citizenship by now ? 
  unlikely , they need to be able to speak spanish and have shown to have integrated into the culture . 
  i 'd stop drinking wine too if i had to drink that spanish swill . 
  unsurprising that we do n't have far right movements when migrants think that spain and portugal do n't exist on the map . 
  well , maybe spain exists as a route to france . 
   i think persianas are far more useful man they 're awesome but i 've never seen them outside of portugal and spain . 
  we do ? 
  nope , we do n't use it . 
  we do n't use w , k or y either . 
  you 're a snake oil peddler . 
  to be fair though , filipe i ( felipe ii of spain ) was very much so well liked by the portuguese . 
  his son and grandson just were n't as good . 
  but ... we 're partners in crime here england .
