  not that my country is n't also at fault here , thankfully we 're insulated for being unappealing . 
  fact remains that they 're perfectly willing to let random people who walk in just stay whilst the people that are immigrating and following rules and procedures get a raw deal in comparison . 
  the previous actions as well as the current course of action set by northern european states vis-a-vis the refugee crisis is only going to breed further conflict years down the line and it really does n't inspire confidence . 
  france also looks to be very slowly making strides towards being a police state . 
  if anything , the prospect has grown less appealing with the uk not wanting to be involved . 
  i agree that larger unions will become a necessity , i disagree that jumping into a federalized european superstate straight away is necessary though . 
  the prospect of being ruled by the current northern european political class is also utterly terrifying . 
  i think the salient point is that small nations are more willing to integrate with some nations than others . 
  i 'm sure this 'll go against the general sentiment but some towns in very rural portugal have bullfighting as a unifying community event and i honestly do think it 's a shame to rob them of their tradition . 
  they 're far less sadistic events ( than what the image of ` bullfighting ' invokes ) and they 're used mostly to get these communities to engage with each other , i 'd be saddened to see them lose that sort of thing especially with the ever increasing flight to the coastal cities . 
  islam absolutely is a far-right ideology , / u/reticulated _ splines is n't wrong . 
  portugal is the result of taking spanish people , taking away the massive ego and replacing it with melancholy . 
  2004 as well . 
  the fuck ? 
  are you from the south ? 
  everyone says preto up here . 
  the food . 
  i for one am tired of the other romance language speaking countries getting all the food credit . 
  though to be fair , spain does n't get enough food cred either . 
  are we that noticeable ? 
  also the children of the first migration waves years ago are french so they 're not counted . 
  probably spain . 
  there was a very real possibility of war between portugal and spain in ww2 . 
  the last actual war was the napoleonic war i believe in the early 1800s . 
  edit : if you consider supporting a side in a civil war as actual participation then portugal also supported the nationalist movement in the spanish civil war . 
   southerners have been silent why would n't we be ? 
  portugal 's historical problem has been spain and they are n't exactly lining up at the border to get beat back again . 
  i 'm not sure brazilians can keep their brazilian citizenship . 
  i thought spain only allowed double nationality for their former colonies and for portuguese nationals . 
  it 's the same in portugal and spain do n't you worry . 
  sounds about right sadly . 
  why they could n't ask spain for help immediately is beyond me . 
   and we should respect their wishes why ? 
  i dunno , should n't you respect the wishes of southern and eastern europe who do n't want them ? 
  myself , i would 've gone with offshore camps from the very start . 
  i 'm not , i have from the start advocated on offshore housing camps . 
  cheaper way to help real refugees . 
  germany is the country with a bleeding heart that ca n't fathom something practical . 
   and it will never cease to amaze me how some people get worked up about taking in a small amount of refugees because unlike germany , those countries are n't naive and they have bloody history with islam . 
  just this summer france was the showcase of what taking in refugees would do some generations down the line , i ca n't blame a nation for not wanting to do that to itself . 
  you look out for yourself first , for everyone else second . 
   i know for example that i 'd be happy when someone took me in after i had to flee my country because of war and persecution . 
  the majority of these refugees are looking for a better life on the teat of european wealth , not asylum from war . 
  germans who think this would ever work are delusional . 
  eastern europeans will refuse . 
  southern european will play nice , say we 'll take some in and when they vanish and resurface in germany we 'll shrug , not like we wanted them anyway . 
  these people do n't want to be distributed to the whole of europe , they want to be in germany and sweden . 
  if germany wants to permanently alter its demographics that 's up to germany , refugees not wanting to be in south or eastern europe has nothing to do with south or eastern europe not wanting them . 
  carrying small amounts of them is decriminalized . 
  you ca n't openly sell or carry big amounts around . 
  you 're just jealous and now i 'm hungry . 
  not worth it . 
  historically whichever iberian nation attacks the other inevitably loses . 
   do i trust them to defend the country in case of invasion ( looking at you spain ) ? 
  nope . 
  i do . 
  historically spain is incompetent at conquering our piece of the peninsula . 
  we do n't want them though . 
  portuguese people are very laissez-faire in general . 
  would you say we got the better piece of the peninsula ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ` mkiddingspanishfriend, 
  i 'm just in disbelief , i 've travelled up and down the country and never seen one . 
  where the hell have you seen hijabs in this country ? 
   which island should we fuck up for it ? 
  who pays for that ? 
  combined eu and un funding ought to cover it . 
  i 'm sure germany and sweden in particular would spend a lot less on refugees than they 're spending right now . 
  as for what island . 
  i 'm just presuming that between france , portugal and england we probably have a mostly barren island somewhere . 
  failing that , i 'm sure we could pay morocco or another north african nation to host the camp . 
  here 's a sensible proposal : hold any refugee in a european island in a boring as fuck but safe camp , offer to take them back to their country at their leisure . 
  no more foreign funded mosques . 
  every single imam is vetted and trained by the state . 
  mosques not following those rules get forcibly shut down . 
  sharia courts ? 
  closed . 
  demolished . 
  do n't care , just make them disappear . 
  in european societies , you use the judicial systems we 've created . 
  anyone caught setting up an underground sharia court gets exiled . 
  refugees that are already here ? 
  no tolerance though . 
  any aggravated crime is deportation city . 
  our railways and yours seem like they were built in unison . 
  how weird . 
  i mean , just a couple more connections betwen the portuguese and spanish railways and it could like a unified nation 's railways . 
  just out of curiosity , what 's the sentiment in spain with regards to islamic immigration ? 
   it 's the desire to end the sovereign nations of europe and unite under a single banner which gave us the last big war in europe the path towards a goal is just as important and influencing as the goal itself . 
  if europeans truly want to unite their continent through diplomatic means , this would be quite distinct to napoleon 's ambitions and actions . 
  meh , have n't had any . 
  \\ - portugal, 
   and the prospect of it degenerating into an actual union was the reason why the portuguese put and end to that . 
  the prospect of getting taxed more and having our economic interests overseas unprotected and attacked were the reason why we put an end to it . 
  mostly thefts , several instances of sexual assaults and a couple of rapes . 
  am i wrong ? 
  i 'd class the assault of hundred of women by hundreds of men as an attack myself . 
  what is new year 's eve cologne ? 
  ca n't expect other countries to think reasonably rather than `` enforcing order '' when we 're not as important as france or germany . 
  cunts . 
  most portuguese wow players i know are staunchly horde .
