portugal ? 
  i think both of you are being insane . 
  ot , maybe . 
  nt , definitely not . 
  sorry , did not see it !, 
  i mean , it eventually caused the collapse of the western roman empire . 
  and more than moved , they were conquered by the romans . 
  also , football magic quotations ? 
   barbarians moved into the roman empire  all without fighting okay . 
  til america is the only country acting in its own self interest . 
  germany * has * a powerful social program . 
   when, 
  i do not seem to be getting my point across . 
  are sharia marriages recognized by uk law ? 
  do they give different rights to husband and wife ? 
  yes . 
  will the informal sharia courts follow that rule ? 
  yes . 
  i was not clear . 
  what rights do the two forms of marriage give to the wife ? 
  because i read that , under sharia marriage , husband and wife have different rights . 
  for example , the wife can not leave the house without the husband permission . 
  is that true for common law marriages ? 
  which are the rights given to the two people getting married in the common law marriage vs. a sharia marriage ? 
  while this is true , it is very pronounced in italy . 
  basically what we have is the working force split in roughly two segment : the older people , who benefit from contracts made in a period of extreme red tapering in the job market , and are basically unfireable , and the younger people , who entered the workforce after the elasticization of the market . 
  you should hear southern italians . 
  i guess you do already . 
  from portugal . 
  i thought states and countries could be used interchangeably . 
  in theory , theory and practice are the same . 
  in practice , they are not . 
  where are you from ? 
  what is an example of banks in the ez which did not repay their loans with interests ? 
  i know mps did ( or is doing ) . 
  you can put it with italy , we would n't complain . 
  i am sorry , but putting a stop from people retiring in their 40s can hardly be called a `` neoliberal assault '' . 
  not really . 
  i can deeply dislike an ideology and a set of ideas for what they represent , and i can have people in disregard if they believe in that ideology . 
  because , unlike race , you can choose an ideology . 
   if the crux of the argument that you 're not being racist hinges on the fact that muslims are n't technically a race , then you 're probably being racist . 
  also , no , not really . 
  being wary of people because of what they think can hardly be classified as racist . 
  if somebody votes le pen , i tend to have a negative impression of him . 
  how is it any different ? 
  please show me how `` muslim '' is a race . 
  yeah , look at all the marginalized indian immigrants that behead people in europe . 
  dude , you started with the anachronistic examples . 
  also , the last two examples are going on at the moment . 
  the invasion of the mongols ? 
  the arab conquest of the roman empire territories ? 
  chinatown in nyc ? 
  sharia law tribunals in london ? 
  the chinese factories in prato ? 
  try and go to the us or china and start signing contracts and doing business without a visa , then tell me how well do you fare . 
  treat everybody the same . 
  militarization is counted for . 
  and there is a correlation between population density and crime rate , which would influence `` society and security '' . 
  it 's the jews ' fault . 
  sorry i do not have the c with the squiggly thing on my keyboard . 
  canada also has 3.61 people per km ^ 2 and the military thing still holds - even more than before , seeing how an attack on canada is practically an attack to the us . 
  injusticia . 
  yeah , but he used the us as an example at the beginning of his post . 
  also , i 'd say that the native population of denmark is much more homogeneous that the native population of italy . 
  i assume also not having to spend almost anything in the military helps . 
  and homogeneity . 
  i am also guessing than the two cultures being closer does help . 
  as far as intra-european wars , i think we are settled for a while . 
  oh okay , the world bank website does not have the most up-to-date data . 
  france and the uk are both [ above 2 % ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&amp;sort=desc ), 
  oh , okay , my bad . 
  i misunderstood . 
  my point is that as soon as the nukes even leave the soil of russia and china there would be a reaction from the united states . 
  and i do not know if russia and china can launch all their nukes at once . 
  and you think the us would not react ? 
   russia and china both have the potential to wipe america of the face of the earth citation needed, 
  okay . 
  i can not force you to believe me . 
  the fact that the majority of turkish women do not cover their hair is completely irrelevant , by the way . 
  i wo n't deny you have heard it , but i doubt you will see people spitting in a girl 's direction because she is not wearing a hijab . 
  shit my bad . 
  i was still in the capital , just not in the european side . 
  edit : i am an idiot , i meant constantinople . 
  not mine and my sister 's experience outside the more `` touristy '' areas , but everybody has different experiences . 
  so it is somewhat our fault that you elected a former nazi as a prime minister 41 years after the end of wwii ? 
  i see your point then . 
  i was just irked by the comparison with italy :d, 
  * how * right wing ? 
  because there is tories right wing , and there 's golden dawn right wing . 
  we never had any fascist party in the government coalition either . 
  we had an , but that was after the `` reformation '' they went through in the early '90s , lost their name ( msi ) and renounced to their heritage . 
  at least , on paper . 
  i agree with you that it 's easier to show your strength on small countries , but let 's be accurate . 
  i agree with you , oil definitely helps , but nigeria is the richest because it has twice the population of the second most populous african country . 
  by gdp per capita they do not break the top 10 . 
  not as a president though . 
  leader of a minor party ( if it 's almirante you are talking about ) . 
  it 's the fish & chips . 
  or england , or greece , or the uk . 
  edit : iceland , not england,
