  i 'm a tsarist reactionary , not a commie , despite the flair foisted upon me . 
  grapeshot all the way !, 
  i would dearly love to see you take these allegations to the good people of right sector themselves and see what they have to say about it . 
  you , or / u/mrs _ thinktank_fairy . 
  or both of you , for double the fun !, 
  make sure to have someone filming ( preferably from a discrete , hidden position ) who will then put it up on youtube for our entertainment . 
  the athens protesters are ** against ** neoliberalism and the eu so they are evil and should be crushed with grapeshot . 
  and ? 
  why have you arbitrarily decided that pows do not count ? 
  having a lot of soldiers fall into enemy hands is worse ( for unit morale ) than to have an equivalent number of casualties . 
  i am , of course , talking about the 1940 campaign , which is infinitely more comparable to barbarossa than the allied invasion when the allies had full air superiority , and most of whose units were mechanized by then . 
  and the ratio was closer to 10:1 in france . 
  yes , this is how iran and north korea get around sanctions like this , and the russians have much better intelligence services . 
  with china as a semi-ally , using hong kong as a middle ground would pose no problem . 
  i can actually see this being a good thing in the longer term as it forces russia to devote more resources into re-industrialization . 
  where is / r/europe 's outrage over turkey 's disregard for the sanctity of borders , the cornerstone of the international system since 1945 ? 
  or does syria not count ? 
  i support these moves by erdogan , because the europeans will just remain silent on this as they do with all its imprisoned journalists , and so their hypocrisy and true role as us puppets will become ever clearer to men and women who can discern the reality of things . 
  no , it is n't , actually . 
  but ascertaining that would actually require digging beyond the drivel of western presstitutes on the matters , so fuck that why bother . 
  we said that a million times . 
  what else do you want us to do ? 
  when will you accept us ? '', 
  i 'm so sorry that a traitor to serbia and orthodox slavic civilization is n't accepted by his `` compadres '' in the west . 
  smallest violin in the world playing just for op . 
  `` it 's a double-edged sword , and it will cut them one day . '', 
  the west made its bed . 
  time for them to lie in it !, 
  the adults in the room ( namely , the americans , europeans , and russians ) could n't care less for imbecilic `` legitimacy '' and `` guilty '' talk , except insofar as it relates to propaganda purposes , because they recognize that this is nothing more than a geopolitical tussle . 
  the pros of grabbing crimea/ukraine now far outweight any possible cons from making the process tidier . 
  god forbid someone were to find an alternative to the imperialist narrative . 
  quiz : which of the following three countries block twitter - russia , syria , or turkey ? 
  i 'm guessing that in any other context , 90 % + of the russophobic and pro-islamist terrorism commentators of / r/europe would have guessed the former two . 
  somebody actually downvoted this comment lol . 
  do n't let relevant comparative statistics get in the way of `` proving '' how stupid and primitive crimeans are for choosing russia . 
  vast majority of estonians are supporting the junta 's nationalists . 
  not surprising considering their ss marches , but whatever ... 
  the point i 'm making is that this is a bit ironic considering that in ukrainian nationalist discourse , russians are n't so much slavs as a finno-ugric/mongoloid miscegenated hybrid . 
  ( estonians are finno-ugrics , for the exceptionally slow ) . 
  the ukrainian nationalists are most definitely not concerned by the finno-ugrics in russia , considering that they view russians as miscegenated finno-ugric/mongoloid rabble . 
  the dilemmas of being estonian ... 
  [ compared to over 60 % for the ukraine as a whole ] ( http://darussophile.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/russia-internet-penetration-international-comparison.png ) . 
  what a load of propagandistic balderdash mixed in with a few half-truths . 
  1 - the revolutionaries walked all over the constitution , and only discovered legal niceties once their own methods were used to break free of them . 
  2 - it is a secret ballot . 
  what relevance do the soldiers have ? 
  russia is allowed to have 25,000 of them in crimea . 
  3 - `` democratically elected national government '' ... please refresh my memory - who exactly elected turchinov ? 
  4 - and russian tv has been blocked in mainland ukraine . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  5 - too bad that the `` international community , '' whatever that is , are n't crimeans and ca n't vote in the referendum . 
  he has a doctorate and knows four foreign languages , including english . 
  in all likelihood , he is far more intelligent and cultured than you . 
  that would make it the g10 . 
  this is the alt-g8 i 'm proposing . 
  everybody should come in hipster glasses . 
  russia should carry on with the g8 anyway , inviting belarus , venezuela , iran , syria , china , india , and kazakhstan just to troll the west . 
  do n't worry , pan-slavism is a fringe ideology in russia . 
  they are quite aware of what poles write in their newspapers about them and have no wish to associate with them . 
  the march of the fifth column . 
  the g20 is where its at these days . 
  or the g2 ( china + us ) . 
  or the various brics summits . 
  the g7/g8 is a glorified talking shop . 
  might as well take poland , i do n't think any russians will care . 
  russia only breaks up unauthorized protests , as is typical in most civilized western countries . 
  it allows protests that get the proper permissions to go forwards . 
  it is not , after all , an uncivilized third world country like ukraine , where rampaging mobs chase out elected officials and make the laws of the land . 
  does n't really say much , given the context : http://www.ibtimes.com/gazprom-chairman-sold-his-entire-company-stake-february-day-shares-fell-13-percent-report-1561525, 
  this is what i 'm planning to do , but not quite now . 
  in the `` nuclear '' scenario of being cut off from the western financial system and russian corporate assets being frozen in the west , then there would no longer be any point in not defaulting on loans and seizing western assets in russia . 
  not like russia would have anything more to lose at that point . 
  of course , it should be emphasized that this is only happening in the most extreme scenarios . 
  how much has the western media reported on the nuland conversations and especially the inconsistencies in the opposition 's accounts of the sniper attacks ? 
  how many mentions are there of the arrest of mikhail dobkin , a clear political prisoner of the junta ? 
  gazeta.ru , echo of moscow , vedomosti if you want your liberal propaganda served nice and thick , as you like it . 
  kommersant and slon.ru are a bit more moderate in their liberal slant . 
  ( 1 ) lenta 's liberal management team is getting replaced because the publication is owned by a private businessman and he is within his legal rights to do so . 
  ( 2 ) many russian liberals love the idea of being ruled by businessmen and think it is just . 
  most of them voted for prokhorov , and they idolize and dream about khodorkovsky as the pinnacle of human achievement and morality . 
  ( 3 ) the decision to fire them was just , because you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  if anything , they should be celebrating his decision . 
  and that justifies it how ? 
  i do n't care about the lenin statues , the hatred towards them on the part of ukrainians i find amusing more than anything else ( considering he was one of the central people in the creation of a ukrainian state ) . 
  but the banderites are also demolishing ww2 monuments and even entirely un-soviet monuments like one to kutuzov . 
  who cares ? 
  the kiev junta is no less gangsterish , and no more legitimate , and no amount of downvotes on russophobic / r/europe is going to change that . 
  he was not making calls for separatism - federalism is not separatism , neither is the refusal to recognize an illegitimate junta . 
  your vaunted europe which russia has cultural ties to has killed maybe 20 million russians in the past century . 
  china has killed ... a few hundred , in some border clashes in 1969 . 
  ( itself the result of differences in interpreting a european ideology ) . 
  maybe it 's time for russia to make some new cultural ties , no ? 
  there will be an arduous few years , but domestic industry will be stimulated , the economy will become less dependent on foreign credit , and ties with china will be developed . 
  russia will emerge the stronger for it . 
  even if that were not the case , however , i would rather starve than deal with blackmailing fascists . 
  774 years is a good run . 
  i 'll take the odds . 
  you seem to be under the impression that your eu = the world . 
  the eu is easy . 
  cut off the gas .
