  germany was ever a friend ? 
  news to me . 
  i think orban is a hero , one of the last men in europe who can call himself a european . 
  translation : russians who are n't self-hating traitors who think they 're cleverer and better than everyone around them disagree with me . 
  hungary continues to break free of the empire !, 
  you mean to imply that the citizens of the most enlightened state in world history have no choice over their own president ? 
  this can not possibly be true , what outrageous disinformation . 
  so who did you guys vote for ? 
  story has long been proved a fake : https://twitter.com/myroslavapetsa/status/505274346504339458 http://rusvesna.su/news/1409315130 but do n't let that interfere with everyone 's circlejerk here . 
   lord varys , to tyrion : power resides where men believe it resides . 
  it 's a trick . 
  a shadow on the wall . 
  and a very small man can cast a very large shadow . 
  though , that said , putin is just about exactly average for russian men born when he was . 
  the vendee also had its separatist period , in the 1790s when something like a third of the population there was exterminated by the revolutionary forces . 
  it makes sense for them to invest in crimea , historical solidarity . 
   on this day , six years ago , georgia invaded south ossetia under olympic cover and murdered un-mandated russian peacekeepers . 
  ftfy . 
  the downvote brigade can go fuck itself . 
  so even a 1990s war between azerbaijan and armenia is , to you , russian aggression . 
  i have observed that hungary and russia share another similarity : a small , hysterical class of liberals who like smearing their own country to win kudos from their progressive friends in the west . 
  i am no expert on hungary , but even a casual glance at statistics would refute , for example , the claim that orban is wrecking the economy : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/hungary/gdp-growth that hungary stagnated in the 2000s ( at least relative to other cee countries ) is true enough , but that was under the socialists i.e. 
  the previous party . 
   bullshit ... putin keeps getting elected by the russian people . 
  oh so russian elections are free and fair now are they ? 
  what are you , an fsb troll ?? 
  a video which first appeared on the internet on july 16 : http://slavyangrad.wordpress.com/2014/07/18/emerging-evidence-points-to-mh17-being-a-ukrainian-false-flag/ try harder with your false flags , sbu . 
  funny how one of the few factual , value-adding comments about russia here is downvoted . 
  go / r/europe !, 
  not that different from a secondary us city like pittsburgh outside the central financial district and university campus . 
  it does n't publish them , but they 're leaked nonetheless . 
  and they 're really high regardless : http://akarlin.com/2012/08/analysis-of-chinas-pisa-2009-results/, 
  this is entirely correct . 
  belorussian economic performance in terms of gdp ( ppp ) per capita growth since 1991 has been stellar , comparable only to estonia ( the best performing of the so-called `` baltic tigers '' ) and azerbaijan ( which concurrently quintupled oil production * and * enjoyed the tenfold increase in oil prices ) . 
  the ordinary belorussian lives much better than the ordinary ukrainian ( who had so-called `` democracy '' ) and comparably to the ordinary russian ( who had oil ) . 
   edit : i show myself out ... reddit may be not the best place to talk about stuff like that , ** most people just want to see china and russia burn ** , go back to quora . 
  congratulations on quickly grasping the essence of / r/europe !, 
   my longheld conviction is that many westerners , including the vast majority here , would like nothing better than to fight china to the last russian ( and vice versa ) , so that their hegemony over the world can last for yet another century . 
  we would be utter fools to grant them their wish . 
  would love to have that happen just to see the look on that freak carl bildt 's face . 
  maybe he 'll realize [ his priorities ] ( https://twitter.com/carlbildt/status/448069450437513216 ) were a bit skewed ... who am i kidding , he 'll be allah akbaring for all he 's worth . 
  why should we care about the opinions of people who hate our guts ?? ... 
  oh that 's right , we do n't give a fuck lol . 
  as for getting your asses kicked in ww2 , maybe try not being the nazis ' eager buttboys next time round . 
   as a result , the ruling party controls everything people will think , and since most of them were brainwashed pretty hard before , it 's not that hard of a job . 
  people disagree with me , hence they are brainwashed . 
  banish the people and vote in another one !, 
  / russian `` liberals . '', 
  china 's growth was higher than russia 's , but then again , it was higher than virtually everybody 's . 
  as regards eastern europe , russia was about average , not an underperformer . 
  it may not have been as unambiguously successful as estonia or poland ( or belarus , surprisingly enough ) , but it has significantly improved its position relative to say ukraine and hungary . 
   twenty years ago , foreign sales of these resources formed 43 percent of russia 's exports ; as of 2011 , they represented `` more than 70 percent . '' typical russian liberal propaganda , which never gives the appropriate context : if resource prices increase by a factor of 10 or so , as happened in the past 20 years , then they are almost inevitably going to account for a larger share of total production and exports by value . 
  the surprises : * romania being ahead of bulgaria , usually other way round . 
  * lithuania being ahead of estonia , estonia usually ahead of latvia and lithuania which are about equal . 
  greece now being decisively behind the czechs and slovaks , and essentially equalizing with portugal , is sad but not unexpected . 
  considering its now 99 % chechen after all the ethnic russians were cleansed out of there in the 1990s , why exactly is that surprising ? 
  to the contrary , / u/mathras must be given credit for being one of / r/europe 's most honest commentators , at least so far as its rabid russophobia is concerned . 
  his straightforward , unapologetic hatred is quite understandable and to some extent even respectable ; a refreshing change from than the faux-moralistic , smirking contempt and disdain shown to russians by the other degenerates here . 
  on that note , what 's the going rate for state department shills ? 
  one cookie per comment ? 
  there 's no point in looking for serious discussions here , this subreddit is full of russophobe bigots . 
  i suggest / r/ukrainianconflict instead , the people there also tend to be more intelligent and informed . 
  fighting china to the last russian is every euro-american neocon 's wetdream . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  good luck sorting this out into something coherent then . 
  the article is about the uk . 
  which is , incidentally , twice as densely populated as china . 
  more immigrants = higher population = less space for graves . 
  how exactly is it unrelated ? 
  the french - well , 25 % of them , at any rate - decided that national suicide is not their future . 
  [ i take it you likewise consider the us to be a nazi empire ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_invasion_of_panama#united_states.27_justification_for_the_invasion ) ? 
  tell us how you really feel . 
  you 're the guys with severe cognitive dissonance issues , not russians . 
  pro-tip : it 's [ rather unlikely ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/05/sudan-woman-given-death-penalty-apostasy-20145159264775754.html ) all those third world muslims you 're importing will help you in your quest to gayify europe . 
  it 's one or the other , your choice . 
  `` do you have good schools ? '', 
  is anglo pc-speak for `` how likely are youths to burn down my car ? '', 
  come on , you 're a proud eurointegrator . 
  you should take some time out of your busy life to , you know , learn something about the social habits and etiquette codes of your new compadres . 
  to adopt a famous chinese saying , `` may you live in interesting places ! '', 
  ( by which i mean the impoverished and criminalized ghettos that have sprung up all over britain 's post-industrial cities ) . 
  of course , as a hypocritical liberal , you never will . 
  those places do n't have `` good schools , '' after all , you will complain to justify your living arrangements . 
  i do n't much care for ukip since i do not live in the uk and as such whether they are `` independent '' or not is n't a matter of great concern to me . 
  that said , if i did live there , i would definitely vote for them , as they seem to be the only party that ( 1 ) would stem the assault of third world hordes into that once green and pleasant land , and ( 2 ) are n't crazy neo-nazis like the bnp . 
  so essentially what the article is saying is that farage had a strong , negative reaction to the establishment press ' pathetic attempt at racism-baiting . 
  certainly would n't sound like a `` car crash '' to any normal people i know . 
  the winning hit of eurovision 2024 will feature the sodomizing of a barnyard animal on stage at the rate things are going . 
  best to bail ship before it goes down and takes all the rats with it . 
  i would love for france to cancel this deal , 1 ) it was only probably made because they paid kickbacks to serdyukov ; 2 ) no doubt the frogs will pepper electronic spying devices all over it ; 3 ) if it cancels it russia will have a legal right to big compensations . 
  if france refuses on washington 's orders , confiscate an equivalent amount of french assets in russia . 
  maybe the us and its allies could have tried not encircling russia from three sides with nato bases and abm defenses in contravention of numerous post-cold war treaties and understandings ? 
  it is the west that pursued hostile , passive-aggressive policies aimed at the rollback of russian influence and its very disintegration since the end of the cold war . 
  hence the need to maintain the airborne part of the nuclear triad at a relatively high state of readiness and preparedness . 
  a romanian lecturing russia on the wrongness of barging in with soldiers ... lmfao . 
  also ukraine does not hate russia , only the banderists ( your idols ) in the far west of that country do . 
  russia does not violate anyone 's airspace , if it did , it would be a major scandal . 
  one more successful product of western propaganda , i see . 
  if a russian aircraft where shot down in international airspace , it would be a major international scandal . 
  personally - taking a cue from how the us would respond - i would favor retaliating with cruise missile strikes unless apologies and reparations were immediately forthcoming .
