[ higher quality @ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvjpveu-z0c ), 
  this guy is awesome . 
  something similar happened to me today , but the front page was filled with posts from with / r/videos ... strange . 
  i 've been listening to this for the last half an hour or so . 
  i have nothing constructive to add . 
  it sounds very peaceful and i needed something like this ... 
  so thanks . 
  silversun pickups - [ royal we ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpzu1uz8ujw ), 
   with apple and microsoft , part of the phone price is the os and the fact that it will be continually supported . 
  do n't forget that android is n't free either - there are costs associated with the costumization of the ui by the manufacturers . 
  microsoft also provides patent protection for wp7 , something that google does n't . 
  looks like a giant turtle to me ... 
  not only in cities - i live in a small ( 1.5 k residents ) village in portugal and i have speeds up to 200mb/s available ... 
  it 's a shame . 
  i own a neo and i 'm very happy with the work se has done and is still doing with it . 
  my priorities on a smartphone are multimedia-related functions and in that sense se delivers . 
  but android keeps giving me headache after headache , and i 'm getting a little impatient of it . 
  anyway , at least nokia should introduce some decent and well-designed wp handsets ... 
  i know where my money is going to be next . 
   the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  but before i bought my neo i spent a couple of weeks with an lg optimus 7 , so i 'm aware of the compromise that i 'll be doing . 
  i was actually quite pleased with the os itself , but i ended up returning the phone because the screen kept burning my eyes and i did n't like the hardware anyway . 
  the camera was useless in less than ideal conditions ... 
  the thing that really disappointed me about android it that it fails on some areas that are very important , at least to me . 
  just to give you an example , it literally took me 40 seconds to configure wp7 to connect to the network in my university . 
  by comparison , i had to spend an * entire day * just to do the same on my neo . 
  why ? 
  as it turns out , android does n't support proxy out of the box ( !, 
  ) , so i had to go through a lengthy process to root the device and install proxy support . 
  i could give you many more examples like these . 
  in the end , i see android as a bit like mcdonals - it feels great , but ultimately you 're just hurting yourself . 
  in android 's case , by the time that could be spent being productive , or socializing ... 
  ... and not as expensive , too . 
   sound reproduction , to me , sounded a bit thin in the mids , and the highs were overly harsh to my ears . 
  this . 
  i bought a pair of sony mdr-7506 's ( which are pretty much the same as v6 's ) and now i regret it due to the harsh highs . 
  apparently , most people do n't find it bothersome , but i would recommend the op to listen before buying one of these . 
  they do have a very clean bass response though ... 
  and yet android still fails on some very basic stuff , like proxy support , proper updates and some other minor details ( like the fact that i ca n't access wi-fi channels 12 and 13 , even though i 'm in europe and own an european phone model ) . 
  like i said earlier , either choice represents a compromise . 
  i personally would n't mind sacrificing some functionality for something that proved itself to be far more reliable , fast and usable . 
  android has some very strong points , but i 'm really tired of feeling like a sysadmin all the time ... 
  i have the same overheating problem with my laptop , and the solution was simple : reduce the processor frequency just enough so that it does n't overheat . 
  you can do this in windows 7 by going to the `` advanced power settings '' -  `` processor power management '' -  `` maximum processor state '' and reducing the percentage gradually until you reach a point where it does n't overheat . 
  i 'm using 90 % in my 3 year old t9400 and the game is still perfectly playable . 
  plus the video sound on the nexus is mono ( versus stereo on the arc , for instance ) . 
  this may not seem like a big deal , but stereo sound makes it a lot easier to listen to someone on a crowded , noisy environment ... 
  i 'm not looking for a detailed explanation . 
  i think you should just assume someone who knows only the basics of computer architecture . 
  stuff like what a processor is , ram , cache , etc. 
  arm and x86 architectures represent different ways a computer processor can be designed . 
  almost every computer has a x86 processor , while nearly every smartphone and tablet has an arm-based processor . 
  in the space of only one week , i saw a guy getting hit violently by a train ( i was at the front of said train watching everything ) and another two dudes speeding on a motorcycle getting hit by an oncoming car . 
  i saw them flying through the air just inches from my window . 
  and i still remember all the blood and the flesh wounds when they hit the ground ... 
  i was 9yo . 
  [ foals - spanish sahara ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yave4wvlsdq ) - just beautiful ... 
  [ silversun pickups - the royal we ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpzu1uz8ujw ) - one of those songs i always end up raising the volume whenever i hear it . 
  which account did you cancel exactly ? 
  same here . 
  also , i do n't hear the annoying clicking noise whenever i stop a video . 
  it would be fun to see how much faster one could go on the same course in modern dh bikes ... 
  i think it 's both . 
  when you open yourself to the right people , you 'll start to realize that you do n't need to feel ashamed of what you are . 
  only then the fear of rejection starts to fade away , and a genuine sense of connection grows as you become aware that you do n't need to be something you 're not to feel worthy and likeable ( which is where the `` impulse '' for invulnerability comes from ) . 
  and then you 'll feel so quiet in your head that you 'll start to focus on giving , on understanding the people around you , instead of spending all the time trying to suppress thoughts and/or acting out on these fears ... 
  [ follow up ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/en/brene_brown_listening_to_shame.html ), 
  i 'll check it out , thanks . 
  i 'm afraid not . 
  good documentary though ... 
  this seems really awesome to me , but i 'm curious to see just how microsoft is planning to deal with os updates . 
  if you buy an ipad , you usually get ~ 2 years worth of upgrades for free . 
  what exactly is microsoft planning to do ? 
  edit : i meant * feature * updates , not simply bugfixes . 
  and why am i being downvoted ? 
  she looks like she could be scarlett, 
  [ related . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=armp8tfs9is&amp;feature=share&amp;list=pl27d7f51f4598cd0a ), 
  in portuguese we have the expression `` nunca o vi mais gordo '' , literally translated to `` i 've never seen him fatter '' . 
  we use it to refer to someone we had never seen before . 
   when she spies on you , it 's like saying she does n't trust you , or herself for doing a good enough job raising you . 
  i think it 's even worse than that - she 's implying the op is a bad person and unworthy of being trusted and respected in her privacy . 
  pm sent . 
  it 's ok , i 'm still going to need one or two weeks to finish the app , so no rush !, 
  [ silversun pickups - royal we ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpzu1uz8ujw ), 
  could n't they make the developers sign an nda ? 
  apple does this i believe ... 
  is there a `` clean '' recording of this anywhere ? 
  thanks for the feedback !, 
  a dark theme seems to be a popular request - implementing it should n't be too difficult , so i 'll see what i can do . 
  you can mark it as read/unread from the article view - it 's the first button on the bottom ( the one with an open envelope ) . 
  i should probably work on making it more intuitive though ... :\\, 
  thanks for the feedback !, 
  1 ) the app is optimized only for phones right now ... 
  the main reason why is that i ca n't test different resolutions on an emulator due to the fact that the app needs a device account to work . 
  but ui improvements are on my to do list . 
  2 ) yeah , i was afraid the skip bar would n't work very well on devices with on-screen home buttons . 
  the area that triggers the bar is very small , but it works just fine when you 're dragging from the bottom of the screen - something you ca n't do when you have the android buttons on the screen itself . 
  i 'll have to think about and alternative ... 
  thanks for the feedback !,
