  stupid bloody tax , that one . 
  i own a unit so i wo n't have to deal with that , i 'm glad to say . 
  i am constantly amazed at how terribly the saudis treat their imported guest labour without suffering * any * consequences . 
  ksa really is not a good fit for an ally of the west , with their value system so utterly alien that we truly have no common ground ( other than the obvious lust for petrodollars ! ) . 
  their treatment of women generally is equally appalling as their treatment of guest workers and the legal system seems to be a travesty . 
  it really is time for the west to reconsider our national relationships with ksa . 
  heaps of neighbours !, 
  mine are n't too bad , luckily , but i think the livability of units depends a lot on what your neighbours are like and as a result there are large swathes of the city whose inhabitants i would have serious doubts about living so close to ... 
  yeah , neighbours like that are n't worth a `` good deal '' on a flat . 
  scabs is patchy like that - the whole suburb * used * to have that kind of vibe , but most of it 's pretty flash these days . 
  i ca n't imagine anything worse than living somewhere the cops come more often than the postie !, 
  [ princess clara from drawn together ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etfx0prapf8 ) , of course, 
  source ? 
  it 's right there in the quote , is n't it ? 
  at least as far as those attacking israeli civilians , even illegal settlers . 
  well , the soldier is acting in self-defence up to a point ; however , his presence protecting the illegal settlements is in and of itself an act of aggression so he 's not an innocent victim . 
  ergo , imo and based on the information you just provided , i would have to say each is as bad as the other , all other things remaining equal . 
  i 've made these points perfectly clear elsewhere , but i 'll reiterate for you . 
  i consider myself a zionist , in that i firmly believe in israel 's right to continued self-determination and security . 
  i have reservations about certain israeli government policies and actions , mainly related to the settlements , but that aside israel has many admirable traits and israeli people are like any other people elsewhere , to my mind at least . 
  whilst i strongly disagree with the illegal colonisation of the occupied territories , i would never condone the attacking of civilians just for being settlers . 
  this obviously changes in the case of extremists like the man just jailed or those guilty of `` price attack '' crimes ; however , that is entirely due to what they do , not who they are . 
  i figured that out from the context , did n't notice till you just pointed it out . 
  it 's good to make clear though . 
  this is the guy from the other thread with an image instead of a link !, 
  he 's a total troll - skim history and it 's pretty clear . 
  he must have learned his lines from reading this sub imo , you 'd fill a brace of bingo cards from his first half page of posts alone . 
  he 's probably reading this thread and the other right now , laughing . 
  not bullshit , but usually seems to be people exploiting others from the same country/culture they originally came from . 
  there have been a few clear examples in the news over the past couple of years , including a scam with contract auspost parcel delivery drivers in nsw iirc and some restaurant owners in wa . 
  they 're the ones i know about off the top of my head , by i have also been told about it by recent immigrants i know . 
  usually there 's a big upfront payment and then a percentage of wages . 
  pretty messed up , for everyone involved - including guys like op . 
  it refers to the sicarii - a group of ultra-fundamentalist religious jews from the 1st century ad . 
  they used to go around stabbing people who disagreed with their interpretation of judaism ( hence stabby rabbi ) and are the first terrorists recorded in history . 
  i chose it as a comment on the cyclical nature of violence , but most people either do n't know the history or just do n't think about it because i get accused of it meaning the most awful things . 
  tbh if i could change it to something less controversial i would ... 
  yes , simple common sense is n't it ? 
  yeah i have another one too that i use solely for my home city 's sub , but i do n't mind explaining the story ( i 'm really into history ) and it kind of acts like an idiot filter - if people straight out start accusing me of anything ridiculous because of my username i just ignore them . 
  plus i 've built up a few points and have a few people i 'm in very extended conversations with under this name so for now i 'll just keep sharing the explanation ... 
  i did n't explain it for ages , saying it was just a meaningless visual rhyme/wordplay , but it 's better to tell the full story . 
  i mean i used to feel like i should n't have to explain myself , but i do get why people get the wrong idea , especially since the stabbing a started ... 
  [ here 's the wikipedia for the sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) , it 's an interesting story . 
  i had n't heard of them before , but i will definitely look now . 
  i really find the whole levant fascinating - from ancient times right through to the present day . 
  in the time of the ottomans , before nationalism ripped these communities to pieces in the late-19th / early-20th centuries , the levant must have been an amazing place . 
  it was remarkably pluralistic , with different people who are today locked in conflict all living happily cheek by jowl with each other . 
  it would have been great to have seen ; it 's terrible what has happened since . 
  nationalism is a curse imo . 
  drink a teaspoon of fucking concrete cunt . 
  when i was your age we did n't spend our time bitching and moaning about the government , we were too busy out getting wasted at illegal raves , fighting the man by dancing and giving each other massages !, 
  bah , get off my lawn !, 
  dalmatian women are stunning too and the whole dalmatian coast absolutely beautiful . 
  my grandmother 's parents were from two islands just off split - brac ( her dad ) / hvar ( her mum ) . 
  i love going over there , such a fantastic place . 
  russian women sound super-sexy , but for blokes a decent aussie accent is the clear winner . 
  it 's the south-eastern end of the mediterranean basically - roughly turkey through israel ... 
  yep , every time electronic intifada is linked as a source ( nobody even bothers trying to use it for actual posts , despite * some * of their content being very well researched and easily independently verifiable ) howls of israeli outrage immediately and inevitably ensue , but we 're supposed to just swallow * their * propaganda sites down whole ? 
  just another part of the ongoing information war double standard from the pro-israel lobby . 
  and they wonder why people get indignant about them pushing their false narratives ... 
  still getting there mate - only got my own place to live in right now , but i 'm running hard to get onto that investment property ladder ... 
  it 's not positive , no . 
  the intifadas have been palestinian uprisings against the israeli occupation/illegal colonisation of palestinian territory . 
  unfortunately these uprisings involve violence , directed by the palestinians against israelis that then gets turned back on the palestinians as the idf responds to protect israeli civilians . 
  in the end civilians on both side suffer and ultimately the resultant distrust that ensues further alienates each side from the other making resolution even more difficult . 
  electronicintifada is a palestinian website that resists the occupation by publishing information online . 
  for the palestinians the intifadas are symbols of their resistance so they see them as positive - my explanation is that of an outside observer . 
  do n't forget how much better vegemite is than bloody marmite . 
  smoking ( / s ), 
  the israeli military and intelligence agencies often seem to be the most rational and reasonable people in authority in israel . 
  sure , that 's why i said in authority . 
  i realise most israelis are n't jewish home voters and agree entirely that the right wing exploits circumstance to maintain its grip on power . 
  it 's a vicious cycle as the palestinians and reactionary elements of israeli society provoke each other into more extreme actions/reactions and further entrench their positions of power . 
  so , in your opinion , the us giving israel billions of dollars every year is part of an ( anti-semitic ? ), 
  economic plan to undermine israeli self-determination/sovereignty ? 
  is n't subordinating one nation 's policy independence to better promote another nation 's interests a perfect example of the second nation undermining the sovereignty ( as in ability to make its own decisions and always act in its own best interests ) of the first though ? 
  so the us funding is entirely a good thing for israel and op is wrong ? 
  i 'm not being argumentative or disagreeing with either of you guys here , just trying to understand op 's comments ... 
  no worries , thanks for explaining . 
  i quite agree that term gets tossed around * way * too much and it should not be trivialised . 
  anti-semitism is as vile as any other kind of bigotry and the word needs to keep its power to shock and horrify . 
  however , in this case i included it ( with a question mark ) because surely undermining israeli sovereignty , as both you and the article suggest the aid deal does , is anti-zionist ( zionism * being * predicted on israeli sovereignty ) and is such anti-zionism not simply anti-semitism by another name ? 
  the struggle is real . 
  why not `` purrfection '' ? 
  i mean , i 'm sure the prince is fine with shia muslims being banned from entry , but sunni muslims is just unacceptable . 
  nazis did n't work for the us until * after * the war . 
  what if all the other commenters got it wrong ? 
  so is colonising their homeland - one of these things is worse than the other though . 
  is n't that the * pro * - west bank-colonisation argument ? 
  that that land is somehow magically connected to the zionist dream because mumble mumble bible mumble mumble ? 
  in any case , the general consensus here and abroad is that australia 's colonisation * was * a terrible crime that could never be allowed under modern morals and to even consider it as acceptable these days indicates a level of base savagery quite unimaginable in a civilised human being . 
  accordingly we have handed back title over massive swathes of the country via our native title legislation , our pm made a formal apology and we pay reparations both financially and in terms of other social services efforts to raise aboriginal standards of living in every sense possible , with many positive results . 
  if israel were to just do as we have , instead of engaging in the primitive , tribalist campaign of racist aggression that so characterises the occupation and illegal settlement movement i am quite sure foreign censure such as mine would cease and an arrangement could me made securing peace for both oppressed palestinians and jackbooted israeli oppressor alike . 
  edit : one more thing - australian aboriginals are australian citizens with all the usual rights and protections . 
  again , just extend full israeli citizenship to all palestinians and poof , criticism and conflict gone like that . 
  obviously this is a precondition of the other steps australia has taken and which i feel israel ought follow as a bare minimum ( only if israelis , as a nation , are concerned about their morality/humanity of course ) . 
  i wonder who is arming and funding them ? 
  you can eat four lobsters , all those oysters and a whole tray of sushi ? 
  you should go professional . 
  that 's a pretty good effort even for two .
