  why did you have to save it from a seppo ? 
  careful - you 'll catch mouth [ chlamydia ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-22207442 ) from that if you drink it !, 
  you should also let it rest 3-5 mins after cooking too . 
  i think that would be a good idea . 
  it ca n't have been fun reaching in there , but it 's a noble thing that you did . 
  i 'm glad as an irish person you obviously understand the slang , i did n't know if whoever op was would !, 
  try holding them like that in just a few months !, 
  they 're extra cute at that age , but rotties never lose their adorability ... 
  bryan adams , billy ray cyrus, 
  that 's interesting about the various types of chihuahua - i never knew there were sub-breeds before . 
  the deer chihuahua is especially interesting because a faun was the first thing i thought of once i saw those ears !, 
  that depends a great deal on your personal definition of value . 
  if you just want land area then out in the bush somewhere , but if you do n't want to live in the middle of nowhere the answer will be completely different . 
  yeah , i googled them after reading your post and they 're pretty damn cute , very reminiscent of those little jungle deer too . 
  same for me , though my dad 's going so maybe i 'll get some personalised pictures/footage . 
  freedom of speech means the right to shout `` antisemite '' at anyone who disagrees with you - alan dershowitz, 
  posting with that title was a ballsy move . 
  ooh la la !, 
  you are referring to [ the constitutional status of cornwall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitutional_status_of_cornwall ) , which the linked article explains in greater depth than i would in my own words . 
  yep , pure barbarity is the exact phrase that sprang to mind when i saw the question . 
  oh boy , the egyptians are going to * love * this !, 
  conspiracy theories in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  if we 're not talking sovereigns owning entire countries i have little doubt the answer would be an australian cattle farmer - for example , [ anna creek station ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_creek_station ) in south australia is 6,000,000 acres !, 
  you do n't have to post to r/gonewild - there 's r/gonemild , r/rateme and all kinds of other subs where you 're not expected to be nakes if you do n't want to be . 
  it 's really hard for people now that all of these incredibly complex operations are available for their pets , at eye-watering prices that most us simply can not * really * afford . 
  even with pet insurance , people are forced to choose between their beloved pet 's life and sums that can far exceed those you mentioned and it is a hell of a choice . 
  i had a similar experience to you with my 13yo , much-beloved rottweiler who had a ruptured acl . 
  i dropped the $ 3,500 the operation cost and she was recovering really well , only to be struck down with a highly virulent form of cancer before the fur had even grown back fully over where the operation had taken place . 
  there was no recovery from the cancer and so i ( well , my family and i ) decided to let her go as soon as we knew it was terminal . 
  she could have been kept alive for a while , but that would have , imo , just been weak , selfish and cruel as already she had been starting to lose her spark and it was obviously ( despite her natural canine stoicism ) causing her great discomfort . 
  i do n't regret spending the money on the operation at all , but had i known the cancer was already present , as it must have been , i would have let her go without undergoing it . 
  i feel really very sad for families who can not afford such operations , but spend the money out of their love for their pets , only to have similar experiences to both of ours with the animal dying anyway shortly afterwards . 
  aside from things i have consumed in a relatively short space of time ( eg intoxicants , like whiskies and ... stuff ) , overseas holidays and my university degrees i would imagine it 's my watch ( es ) . 
  off the top of my head i ca n't think of any single item i have spent more on . 
  there had been a looming shortage of cork , with drives to recycle cork and etc even being carried out in the recent past ( remember , it 's not * just * used for corking bottles , but as tiles , shoe soles and in a multitude of other ways too ) ; however , the rise of the screwtop wine bottle has balanced the market out and there are now once again adequate supplies . 
  interestingly , cheap wine is now the primary consumer of cork for wine bottles as drinkers of cheap wine want the `` experience '' of pulling the cork for whatever reason . 
  people who drink expensive bottles are far more concerned that their wine is n't rendered undrinkable due to being `` corked '' in the bottle though , and so prefer the screwtop lids . 
  like spelling incorrectly - teeneagers are always told not to spell badly , but they know how much fun incorrect spelling is so they just go nuts with it !, 
  i 'm a big fan of the aardvarks , their mascot , zott , and the colourful hi-viz usn liveries they wore . 
  always wanted to blow someone away , but did n't * really * want to risk my own personal safety , so the army was out . 
  cop seemed the best option . 
  i 've always like doughnuts too . 
  i think these shots with a western fighter and the russian bear in the background make for great warplane porn !, 
  is your photo aardvarks or another squadron ? 
  i must admit to my own horrible cruelty when it comes to americans : as an australian , i * regularly * refer to them as seppoes ... 
  this is a contraction of the rhyming slang term `` septic tank '' ( ie rhymes with `` yank '' ) . 
  i can only imagine how unbearable it must be for the poor persecuted little dears to hear themselves referred to in such a disrespectful manner . 
  i hope equally that a ) this does not drive any of them to self-harm or serious depressive illness & b ) they do n't nuke australia upon learning of the term . 
  especially b. 
  that 's the one that * really * worries me ... 
  despite being written by the notorious `` not quite david axe '' tyler rogoway ( formerly of foxtrotalpha ) , this is an interesting article into the non-traditional isr capabilities of the f-35 and how they may tie-in operationally with other surveillance platforms , both in-mission and post-mission via the alis system . 
  post-wwii and well into the jet era as well , conducting a massive amount of air support over korea throughout that war too, 
  i sincerely hope not , this one was troublesome enough and ultimately what the nation needs is government more than the turmoil shorten is clearly keeping his fingers crossed for . 
  if the libs actually listen to what the australian electorate have said with this election and rein in their right-wing faction things could be ok . one has to hope that they do and the country can move ahead with getting on with things . 
  that looks incredible !, 
  now i 'm off to google for a recipe ... 
  unless you have one , kind op ? 
  i just hope they remember the ocean going tug that always accompanies the kuznetsov !, 
  not in the article , but reported elsewhere is that they have been working up the handful of new mig-29ks they have , which ( unlike the su-33s which afaik * only * do fleet defence ) are equipped as multirole strike fighters . 
  that 's a whole lot of untried doctrine , tactics and hardware to unleash in one go - i think popcorn futures are a definite buy !, 
  op delivers !, 
  i have saved that comment and will definitely be giving this a go , the combination of flavours your recipe provides just made it a cert . 
  i agree , our ( national ) best hope is that the indies hold enough of the balance of power sufficient to limit the libs ' christian-right/hard-right faction 's ability to inflict their hubris upon us all ... 
  otherwise we * will * see another failed term and have to wait that much longer to see any progress - at a time when the country needs effective leadership as much as we ever have . 
  no , i actually mean turmoil as in a failure of the government to function as you describe . 
  if we get the two parties actually negotiating and ( gasp ) cooperating adequately to get legislation passed in the reps then said legislation should have a better chance of making it through the senate ; under those circumstances things * will * get done and ( fingers x 'd ) things will actually get better . 
  ( as signally failed to happen under abbott 's `` leadership '' ... ), 
  edit : lol at all the alp fanbois down voting me . 
  so sensitive . 
  for the record i meant things failed to get better under abbott , not that it was labor 's fault for not cooperating !, 
  also , i voted for neither the libs nor the alp - i 'm one of the non-partisan few here . 
  yeah , you find the money because you love them , but boy it must be hard for some ( young families especially , i imagine ) . 
  i 'm really glad to hear your experience was a positive one , and that your cat went on to really benefit from what must have been a heavy financial blow at the time . 
  at least the current requirement is for something relatively straightforward - i hope that goes well too . 
  the best case scenario i can see is one i mooted in a different sub-thread here : ideally the tight balance of power will force the two parties into cooperating and negotiating so legislation passed in the lower house actually makes it through the senate because it is something both sides can agree upon . 
  of course whether that can happen is a massive unknowable right now , but one may hope . 
  i also have my fingers x 'd tightly that in that best-case scenario the independents do n't decide to be awkward , pushing their own hobbyhorse agendas to the national detriment . 
  we shall have to wait and see ... 
  with the insurance they wo n't even consider insuring older animals and even with a puppy/kitten/cub / etc. . . that is one policy you would really want to read the fineprint of * very * closely ... 
  insurance companies are bad enough at paying out in the best of cases , but pet insurance is one they seem to be particularly jerkish about , on top of the expense you mentioned . 
  in a way it would almost be kinder for the vets to not even offer the really complicated surgeries - it would certainly make people 's lives easier if the option was n't on the table . 
  having said that though , i spent the money when i had to and tbh would do so again , unless the circumstances dictated that it simply was not the kindest thing to do or doing so would send me bankrupt . 
  with the vultures no doubt working closely with the already well-known and highly publicised idf shark forces to ensure * no * survivors ... 
  i think you do yourself a disservice , yankbot ... 
  [ n\u00f6rdlingen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/n%c3%b6rdlingen ) , in bavaria ( germany ) . 
  i found that interesting , and that it chimed with my own views quite closely . 
  the two-party system in australia is clearly failing to satisfy the wants of the electorate , exactly as the piece describes . 
  i fit in with what they were saying , having voted neither libs nor alp this time round ; however , i do n't particularly like where my preferences have ended up , if only because that was not a choice i had any say in ( despite being cognisant of where they would go when i cast my vote ) . 
  i was about to ask if you were in hoi an - it 's such a lovely little town , is n't it ? 
  of all the places i have been in vn , hoi an is definitely one of my very favourites . 
  it 's packed with good places to eat too . 
  it 's a beautiful place , with a really nice vibe - it feels like a `` real '' place , not a tourist trap to me , which is always a big plus . 
  specific things of interest like the old japanese bridge are amazing , but what i liked best is how everything about the town is just so nice and chilled . 
  israelis everywhere :, 
   what ? 
  fascist ? 
  who , us ? 
   no , no , no - we 're just preventing thoughtcrime which could , if not stamped on immediately , potentially , lead to violence . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  do you * want * jews to be attacked or something ?
