  comments removed by the mods still show up to the person who posted them . . 
  [ pa\u0161ki sir ] ( http://www.cheese.com/paski-sir/ ), 
  enough of the warnings : it is time for targeted , swingeing sanctions against members of the current israeli regime , settler leaders and settlement businesses . 
  i think generational fuckheadedness seems to go in alternate generations , ie :, 
  - builders - good, 
  - boomers - bad, 
  - x - good, 
  - millennials - absolute cunts, 
  it makes sense because the boomers spawned the millennials so it 's little wonder they share certain defining characteristics . 
  just my 2c . 
  my grandfather was on hmas perth ( i ) during wwii as a cook , he got sick just before the cruise when the ship was sunk though and thus survived the war . 
   if it makes you feel better i 'll remove brisbane from my top post and let the circle jerk continue . 
  oh the fucking irony . . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slippery_slope#slopes.2c_arguments_and_fallacies . 
  plus , not whinging entitled little princess snowflakes , natch . 
  fuck off mate , the boomers started that crap . . 
   as younger generations become the voting majority , they will put their futures and their children 's futures first, 
  oh ffs , no they wo n't . 
  you must be fucking tripping . 
  millennials will no more stand up for their principles once put on the spot than did their parents , the boomers . 
  otoh , the sky is not - despite that sandwich board you presumably wear everywhere - falling in . . 
  you 're right of course - among all the shrieks of ill-informed indignation from the circlejerkers of this sub about varied issues there is a very unpleasant streak of racism and xenophobia . 
  most only pay lip-service to anti-racism , but immediately show their true colours once their self-interest is threatened . 
  i agree the language is n't great , but the underlying thought is sound enough , if somewhat self-evident . 
  tbqh what interests me is why it upset you so profoundly you need to attack with all that venom and spite ? 
  oh no , not manners !, 
   international law protects indigenous rights , jews have a right to live and build in judea . 
  i vehemently disagree with this specious argument , especially as a justification for oppression . 
  ashkenazi and sephardic jews simply do not have * any * reasonable claim on palestine , both communities having willingly abrogated any such connexion by not making any effort to return for 2,000 years . 
  by such reasoning we all have a claim on various parts of africa , which is , of course , nonsense . 
  simply * wanting * the land does n't magically confer indigenous status . 
  and why do you think an argument that '' * we * can ignore the perfectly clear international law about colonisation ( despite having signed the treaty and thus explicitly agreed to abide by it ) , but * everyone * else *** must *** accept and respect * this other * , much vaguer , international law as absolute and inarguable '' is ok ? 
  it 's base hypocrisy and it stinks . 
  why israelis seem incapable of comprehending is the extent to which such egregious hypocrisies anger and frustrate reasonable , moral people baffles me entirely ; if you could understand this you would understand why this argument actually weakens israel 's position in the eyes of the civilised world . 
  you mean the west bank ? 
  honestly mate , that was just a grab bag of non-sequiturs and deflections . 
  i could n't even work out what you meant in places , and i have read * a lot * of israeli apologia/propaganda over the years in this sub and others . 
  so you agree judea is an inaccurate anachronism then ? 
  they are when your ramblings are the root cause , yet you expect your comments to be taken seriously despite that . . 
  if israel did not undermine , but instead allowed to proceed , one of the many peace deals mooted thus far , immediately withdrew all troops from palestine and released all political prisoners held then israelis would be able to claim `` nuh-uh totes not apartheid '' ; until then i 'm sorry , but you must accept the reality being called by the name that fits . 
  a system in which two people , differentiated by their religio-ethnic identity ( ostensibly by citizenship status according to the oppressor 's propaganda ; however - with no pathway to citizenship being available to palestinians while any jew automatically qualifies for citizenship - citizenship itself is about religio-ethnicity and thus so is the oppression , rendering the propaganda lies laughably transparent ) and occupying the same geographical territory under control of the same regime/security apparatus are subject to two entirely different legal and social systems , one extremely brutally oppressive while the other offers government money and practical immunity from state punishment for hate crimes ( other than in the occasional token case ) ? 
  it is apartheid in all but name . 
  sorry to hear that - it 's interesting to think our grandfathers must have known each other . 
  mine was very lucky , he suffered health problems for many years after the war , but lived to his late-80s . 
  i like the guy , he 's a good bloke - do you think a direct approach would be better , or just saying `` something '' about it without straight out saying it ? 
  that sounds like it would be a good way of dealing with it . 
  thank you for responding , i appreciate it . 
  nah , he 's a good guy man . 
  tbh before asking here i googled it and a lot of results said it was a cultural thing , but not exclusively . 
  i get your point though , i perhaps misphrased my op . 
  thanks for replying . 
  i 'd rather be honest than leave him wondering who said it , but thank you for replying . 
  what does that mean ? 
  edit : keep your mouth shut , you chubby cunt ? 
  ( australian translation . ), 
  tbf , a lot of people have been telling you guys that your fears of antisemitism were actually worse than the reality . . 
  i could have told you guys jews are safer than the scare stories we so often read here seem to indicate , and that shadowy forces * have * been manipulating those stories ; actually i have said exactly that . 
  i do n't hate jews , yet even i have been accused of antisemitic animus merely for questioning israeli government policy : i do of course know the history and do n't have any intention of downplaying the evil that is true antisemitism , but at what point do you acknowledge the vigilence as being as dangerous in certain regards as the threat and start questioning the narrative ? 
  hang on , read my other comment in this thread and tell me that - i never said it 's not an issue , i simply agreed with your point that the fear is in and of itself extremely destructive . 
  do n't get pissy with me for pointing out an uncomfortable truth please , or if you must then do n't expect me to be so polite next time . 
  teaspoon of concrete and you 'll be right , princess . 
  i could have told you guys jews are safer than the scare stories we so often read here seem to indicate , and that shadowy forces * have * been manipulating those stories ; actually i have said exactly that . 
  i do n't hate jews , yet even i have been accused of antisemitic animus merely for questioning israeli government policy : i do of course know the history and do n't have any intention of downplaying the evil that is true antisemitism , but at what point do you acknowledge the vigilence as being as dangerous in certain regards as the threat and start questioning the narrative ? 
  what ? 
  no , do n't be paranoid . 
  this is * exactly * what i 'm talking about man . 
  this guy exerted a force upon events , and is shadowy af . 
  ffs , how would you describe it then ? 
  have you heard of the duck test ? 
  the situation in palestine satisfies the duck test perfectly - it is not capital ` a ' apartheid exactly as practiced in sa , but functionally it is the same thing : a system of institutional segregation and oppression by race in order to dominate . 
  that is precisely the situation . 
  language evolves , and you can not dictate its usage because it makes you squirm . 
  i did n't say israeli citizenship is open only to jews - i said there is absolutely no way for the palestinians in the occupied territories ( barring jerusalem ) to gain citizenship . 
  i think you have a very high bar for brutal and oppressive if you think the treatment of the palestinians in not brutal and oppressive , very high indeed . 
  the rest is whataboutism ( yawn ) and deflection i sha n't even grace with a response . 
  thanks for the suggestion and detailed explanation . 
  i do appreciate it , and think the suggestion is good , and the further discussion both pertinent and interesting . 
  thank you sticking up for me man . 
  i know that what i wrote is n't something people want to hear , but i do think there is some grain of truth in it : the fear of something * can * be damaging in and of itself , and self-defeating . 
  this guy played on that for who knows what end , and i think it 's tragic as it drives unnecessary divisions between jews and the rest of the world . 
  you have misrepresented my position on all those matters . 
  also i think you are conflating jews and israel too much , which if i were to do you would no doubt accuse me of being even more antisemitic for . 
  i do n't think looking for the worst possible reading of what anybody writes and then hyperbolising it to use as a tool to disparage any criticism - whether justified or not - is a particularly effective strategy tbh . 
  i do listen to what you guys say and have moderated my views on a number of subjects after giving it due consideration : honestly , i think you could benefit from adopting the same approach . 
  when i saw the op above last night i was in a cab with an indian driver i have known for years and i asked him to translate . . 
  then i went to google a translation ( which worked very well by first transliterating from latin to sanskrit , which was interesting even though i could n't read the sanskrit - especially when i saw the meaning emerge ! ), 
  and realised why he was uncomfortable translating ha ha . 
  no worries , glad to have been of help . 
  i 've been there and it 's quite as lovely as the picture shows . 
  this makes me think of moules mariniere and langoustine at little restaurants , fresh off fishing boats parked up within sight . 
  so i think i just worked out why you have ' 88 ' in your username mate . . 
  without meaning to self-diagnose myself , i do certainly display the symptoms of misophonia and not just with my colleague or chewing , but with all sorts of people ( including mum even - which makes me feel terrible : / ) and all sorts of noises , eg sniffling . 
  there 's also a r/misophonia if anyone is interested . 
  i have read a lot of your comments over the years , and find that i tend to agree with you on a lot of things . 
  of course we do n't agree on every detail , but i would like you to know i do not consider myself anti-israeli as i 100 % support israel 's essential right to exist , enjoying peace , prosperity and self-determination as a nation where the jewish people may be at home ( which is pretty much the textbook definition of a zionist as i understand matters ) . 
  just because i take exception with certain actions of your government and sections of your society does not mean i hate any of you or wish anything bad to befall you , your country or your compatriots . 
  the palestine region and the ongoing conflict is intrinsically extremely interesting to anyone with an interest in either current affairs or history , and i am very interested in both . 
  i am not interested in israel `` coz jews '' though , but rather as an element in the region . 
  i do find jewish culture interesting ( and it only gets more so the more i learn ) , but in terms of the conflict i personally do n't view it through a muslim/jew lens , let alone think muslims are somehow inherently better than jews in any sense . 
  i actually read very widely about the conflict and the region generally - from both the historical and current affairs perspectives - and not all from one side either ( eg i recently finished re-reading finkelstein 's seminal , definitive work on the conflict as pertains to palestine , * image and reality of the israel -- palestine conflict * and currently am now reading fisk 's * the great war for civilisation * which covers fisk 's extensive breadth of experiences in the me , including israel/palestine/lebanon : these are just the most recent examples of books i have read about it , but of course i read a lot online , watch documentaries and etc too ) - so while i obviously can not claim the level of knowledge you guys possess i do n't think it 's quite fair to characterise my views as being entirely ignorant .
