  do you dislike my username because the sicarii ( the literal stabby rabbis to which it refers , and yes i know they were n't called rabbis which their defeat and enslavement by rome pre-dated , but they did teach the jewish law , as they saw it , so functionally they were like rabbis ... ) and maccabees were enemies ? 
  you 're really holding * that * grudge ? 
  dude , i 'm not literally a zealot . 
  i 'm not even jewish , ok ? 
  i just find the history interesting and intended it as a comment on the circular nature of violence , being as the sicarii were the first terrorists in history and yet now , ironically , their jewish religious extremist spiritual descendants are the ones suffering the depredations of terror attacks ... 
  it 's just a username ; i do n't hold yours with its maccabean reference against you . 
  be cool . 
  no , it actually predates those by about a year . 
  since they started happening it has caused a few people to think that , and i get why , but i have had a lot of conversations under this name so i just explain it when people ask . 
  if it were possible to change it somehow and keep the history and so on i would . 
  no , certainly not worse , but not * entirely * different either despite the surface appearances . 
  lieberman is an extremist who , as defence minister , effectively controls a territory - that being the occupied west bank of course - while shaked is justice minister , bennett heads education and ariel has agriculture & rural development . 
  these are all powerful and influential portfolios that give these extremist bigots a great deal of authority over the palestinians they so vehemently despise . 
  may i remind you that that kind of emotionalism ( `` actively trying to kill children '' ) cuts both ways in this conflict , with the recent death of the baby who suffocated from tear gas fired by the idf in the wb , the baby burnt alive by religious nationalist thugs affiliated with the kahaneim ( is that right ? 
  kahaneists or kahane family will do if wrong ) or the * two * incidents of the idf firing on children playing soccer on the beach in gaza during the '14 assault on the city and killing some of course spring immediately to kind as examples of israelis killing kids too ? 
  i 'm wondering where else he 's lived and under what circumstances ? 
  all his other posts are similar to this drivel , or about video games . 
  i seriously doubt he is as worldly as he is making out ... 
  cool , i 'm happy to agree to disagree . 
  i am always interested in good conversation though anyway , and i understand my opinions are just my opinions - i am unlikely to change my mind mid-comment , but i do consider this stuff on a serious level . 
  if i realise i 'm wrong i will ( and have ) at the very least moderate my views on any given topic , or harden them if that 's what seems necessary . 
  i also do try not to write stuff that 's more extreme than my actual views for argument 's sake , though i know i do in the heat of the moment sometimes ; i am improving though , i think at least . 
  i certainly do n't want to see israel suffer any more than i do the palestinians . 
  so i hope you do n't think it 's a waste of time discussing these things robustly too . 
  the war was definitely lost by egypt in the end , despite the very heavy losses israeli forces initially suffered . 
  however , egypt 's political aim for the attack was to retake sinai and sinai was indeed handed back six years later with the signing of the peace treaty between egypt and israel . 
  so , egypt lost the war , but won the peace , no ? 
  israel * did * receive * substantial * military assistance within the first ten days of the war , with the us ferrying brand new f-4e phantom iis ( that had been intended for the usaf , wearing usaf camouflage ) and a-4 skyhawks to the idf straight from the factory before the end of the second week . 
  a strategic airlift of tanks , weapons and ammunition followed very shortly afterwards . 
  of course , this * did * follow israel 's preparation for a nuclear attack ( which would have triggered a nuclear , global wwiii in the most likely scenario , or , even if you dispute that , a scenario that was at least entirely credible ) in plain sight of us satellites ... 
  threatening to destroy the world if not enabled to win its own fight - that 's bullying , would n't you say ? 
  definitely happy to discuss more , but i think in the context of posts . 
  pm 's can be interesting , but , for me at least , a big part of why i comment is so others who are perhaps not yet very well informed can read the conversation ( not just my side ! ), 
  and make their own minds up . 
  when we see each other around we can exchange ideas , starting with the advantage of not automatically assuming the other is a dyed-in-the-wool ideologue , stubborn as a mule and talking out their ass !, 
  i think quite a few people start out much more moderate than some of their comments might make them appear , but then find themselves becoming more polarised by the rhetoric on here and bareness of text ( which does n't offer any non-verbal cues as to intent , making things meant to sound reasonable sound angry/extreme ... ) . 
  being able to escape that by talking with people who you 've talked to before and established that you 're neither of you one of the nutters gives good opportunity for good conversations . 
  ( the only reason i am reluctant to lose the history . ), 
  it 's hard to know how the israelis would have gone had they pushed the egyptians back under the cover of their air defence network , or how the soviets ( whose pilots even flew missions in support of the egyptians during the war ) would have reacted had the war continued , which obviously a major consideration when israel decided to stop their counter attack . 
   they were to be used in the event of `` total defeat '' , ie the arab forces claimed absolute victory and proceeded to wipe israel off the map . 
  you know , the entire reason they were given nukes . 
  how come the program was such a big secret and denied for so long and the us investigation into the matter considered israeli agents ' theft of fissile material from us disposal sites as hostile espionage then ? 
  anyway , that 's kind of irrelevant ; what * is * significant though is that the arabs ' goals were not israel 's destruction , but simply regaining territory and pride after the defeat in ' 67 . 
  this is acknowledged by mainstream historians , indeed the very first paragraph of the wikipedia article on yom kippur explicitly states this fact , with two references provided . 
   the mobilized them obviously so the americans knew about it , it was a posturing move to get their ally more involved . 
  so , to make the americans do as the israelis wanted , when they wanted them to do it no matter what the americans actually wanted to do under threat of global destruction ? 
  that sounds a lot like bullying to me . 
  the soviet mig-21 pilots are very well documented . 
  here is one source , chosen for being about the military history tone which is not politically biased , but there are many more out there ( of varying quality and tone , as i 'm sure you can imagine ) : https://weaponsandwarfare.com/2015/11/05/arab-mig-21ffl-fishbed-1961-67/, 
  israeli fears of the arabs stopping at limited victory is very understandable and , as you say , things never got bad enough for nukes to be necessary ( for which we can all be thankful ) so the point is moot from both angles . 
  i agree that the americans were not initially moving very fast , but given they heavily mediated the treaty which included the sinai 's return ( and pay both israel and egypt $ bs in military aid to this day to protect it ) i think it is perfectly possible that the us intended to * let * egypt achieve its goals , at least as far as the sinai went . 
  either way , israel forced their hand . 
  sure . 
  peace is a win for everyone imo . 
  that 's what i keep trying say about palestine too . 
  right , so different standards apply to jews and non-jews ( except the relatively small number who managed not to be ethnically cleansed in '48 or ' 67 ) who live within the same area , but it 's totes not discrimination based on race ; however , any antisemitism * is * racism even though jews are a very diverse people too and sometimes not defined as a race either . 
  i 'm going to to leave you to it i think , i find your bigoted comments distasteful and no longer wish to provide you an excuse to spout them off . 
  when did i say i do n't care about the hamas charter ? 
  i think that 's fucked up too . 
  otoh i honestly do n't think the ethnic cleansing in '48 is in any way disputed , outside israeli propaganda at least . 
  it is n't travel restrictions that bother me , but the impossibility of any further arabs gaining citizenship and that primarily due to the situation with the occupation of the occupied wb , in which literal foreigners can move - illegally - into the area and settle there under humane , civil laws while there is no way for the native population to access israeli citizenship and gain those protections . 
  that is why i see wb discrimination as race based , not nationality based . 
  yes , there are arab-israelis , but even they can have trouble leaving then returning to israel , can not easily see family on the other side of a line that has only relatively recently been drawn in the sand and so on . 
  i do not hate israel , i just want an end to the conflict and do not believe that what i perceive as israeli hypocrisy is helping that goal be reached . 
  i am equally critical of trump 's `` no muslim immigration '' rhetoric and other racist societies , eg ksa , around the world . 
  of course i also recognise israel has legitimate security concerns and they must be addressed and equally i understand israel 's demographic concerns when issues such as right of return or a single-state-solution are raised ; however , they do not give israel the right to keep the palestinians from having any state indefinitely imo , as is currently happening . 
  i only replied so harshly to your comment because what you seemed to be saying is racism against jews is racism , but racism against not jews is not racism . 
  it 's a complicated issue and we are obviously never going to reach agreement or change each other 's minds , so let 's just leave it here . 
  you 're a bigot , i 'm a bigot - shit , is * everyone * a bigot ? 
  you got a source for that claim about israel giving citizenship to palestinian christians `` regularly '' ? 
  israel 's discrimination ( i 'm glad you 're at least honest enough to use the right word here ) certainly is political , but those politics are the politics of colonialism and territorial expansion , dating back , in ideological terms , to the original zionists of the first aaliyah . 
  israeli belief in the `` right '' of jews to be treated better than others within israel purely by virtue of the racial/religious identity was recently reaffirmed by a pew survey , that found ( iirc the exact number ) 90 % of israelis held this grotesquely racist belief . 
  discriminating against muslims is not racism per se , but it is still bigotry . 
  palestinians * are * distinct culturally and ethnically from other , non-levantine , arabs . 
  genetically they are closer to jews than any other group . 
  discrimination against palestinians by the israeli government is both political oppression , as you acknowledge , and racial discrimination . 
  however , israel 's racist immigration policies do not solely discriminate against palestinian , muslim or otherwise , but any non-jews : consider , for instance , the african refugees and migrants whom israel has paid other countries to take so israel can expel them . 
  my country , australia , does not care what country people come from or what their religion is when we assess them for citizenship or refugee status , neither does the uk , nor do other european countries . 
  it is not almost every other country in the world that behaves as israel does ; as i said before , the other countries that do - eg ksa , uae , etc - also come under criticism for their treatment of foreigners in their country . 
  israel is not a poor persecuted little snowflake , unfairly accused of being the bad guys by nasty westerners like myself because we 're antisemites , but rather a borderline rogue state with an appalling attitude to human rights , an attitude you seemingly personify . 
  i said i was done before , and i should not have humoured you or given you the opportunity to further expound upon your racial theories . 
  you believe what you like mate , just do n't think you can change other , independent , observers ' conclusions by parroting the israeli propaganda line as you do . 
  when your entire argument relies on semantics , not moral reasoning , then you have to consider whether it is that great an argument after all . 
  you have a nice day , now jog on . 
  i 'm done here . 
  looks delicious ; real risotto , made with the right rice and cooked properly is delicious . 
  the scallops look like they 're done to perfection . 
  i think big dogs are * the cutest * ones actually , not just cute too also-rand . 
  it is my country now . 
  australian aboriginals were treated appallingly , but in the modern era we australians of immigrant background have formally apologised to the indigenous people of this land , paid compensation in a massive range of senses from purely financial reparations to ongoing investment in social services of every kind , as well as targeted education and health initiatives and granted native title lands rights to traditional owners . 
  australian aboriginals are also * all * citizens of australia , not just some living in arbitrarily defined areas of the land we now share . 
  this despite there being `` no aboriginal country or formal state '' ( in israeli parlance ) in existence before our arrival !, 
  if israel would only extend the same olive branches to the palestinians then my questioning of israeli policy would cease , immediately . 
  in fact , the solution arrived in australia actually far exceeds what would be required for me to stfu about israel/palestine , given that the result would be a one-state-solution : the exact thing the israeli right fears most . 
  believe it or not ( and , please , at least believe me when i tell you i do n't particularly care whether you do actually believe me or not ) , i actually like and support israel . 
  i am certainly a zionist , in that i am a person who believes in israel 's right to ongoing existence and self-determination , despite my profound moral disquietude at israel 's actions with regards to the palestinians ( whom i also believe deserve self-determination , as shocking a concept as that must be to you ) . 
  resolve the palestine issue ( working with the palestinians of course ) , stop bombing the neighbours whenever the whim takes hold and cease the warmongering rhetoric against iran and i will do nothing but praise israel in perpetuity . 
  i personally undertake to do so the exact same day all israelis who can not claim direct descent from the yishuv as it was in say 1865 , with zero european ( ashkenazi ) jew admixture ( though i guess sephardic or mihrazi jewish ancestry from outside palestine is ok ... ) up sticks and decolonise palestine entirely too . 
  fair 's fair , * i 'm * no hypocrite . 
  scarcely tu quoque : i was making an offer for what i will do personally based on what the israelis do .
