  perfect little rotties , glad to see they have their tails on too !, 
  surge pricing ? 
  you may not be literally and explicitly bidding , but that 's effectively what 's happening . 
  not that i think uber is a good analogy , or this app has anything positive about it . 
  i applaud this ruling , this whole thing really rubbed me up the wrong way . 
  it has actually made me question * any * of the different formulations , and - after confirming with my chemist that rapid action one made only a couple of minutes difference - now just buy chemist 's brand ibuprofen instead of any nurofen branded tablets full stop . 
  trump/putin love affair confirmed !, 
  very much so , especially with those wings slathered in that sauce as accompaniment . 
  i used all the different hot sauces pictured to get a nice complete chilli flavour/burn , and ( if you zoom you can see on the labels ) included ( as well as sauces like the blair 's ultra death which give an immediate punch in the face effect ) a few very carolina reaper heavy sauces which just kept that back end burn rolling for a good long time after we finished eating . . 
  they had a great flavour , coming out very sweet from being roasted basically , but still nice and hot ( i left all the seeds and pith inside ! ), 
  with the ghosty smokiness i was hoping for . 
  i will definitely be making the poppers again , just as soon as i have more fruit on my plant . . 
  the wing sauce recipe is one i have refined over quite a few different times cooking them , and i am really happy with it . 
  it comes out really hot , but with a lot of flavour too . 
  i came to say pretty much exactly this . 
  last night i made ghost pepper poppers and hot wings with a sauce made up from a blend of a lot of reaper and ghost based hot sauces . 
  i actually posted about it in r/spicy & r/food earlier : https://www.reddit.com/r/spicy/comments/63hdq4/ghost_pepper_poppers_and_hot_wings/, 
  my arm now !, 
  rumour has it people actually * do * that . . 
   [ there seems to be no end to the uses of vegemite . 
  a prison official in perth said prisoners sometimes inject a vegemite solution into their veins in the belief that they will get high . 
  ( kraft denies that vegemite injections would have such an effect . ), 
  and at murdoch university in western australia , scientists are trying to make a dog food out of vegemite . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1987/02/16/style/food-fetish-from-australia.html ), 
  breakfast ? 
  really ? 
  ha ha , i see what you did there . . 
  to make the sauce though , in case you do want to know , i started with a base of fresh , minced , onion , garlic and ginger , cooked in butter with some worcestershire sauce , balsamic vinegar , a bottle of frank 's red hot , a heap of sambal oelek and sriracha . 
  into that i added the hot sauces - a couple of teaspoons of carolina reaper mash , about 1/3 of the bottle of blair 's ultra death and 1-2 teaspoons of all the others , mixed to taste . 
  each has its own flavour and burn profile and i combine them to get the full spectrum according to how much chilli whoever is there likes - last night it was just me and my mate who also likes it hot af , so i was able to make it properly hot . . 
  ha ha , if it gets you going in the morning it 's a good brekkie , right ? 
  not really mate , just cook it low and slow - do n't burn it . 
  i only use about half the butter most recipes recommend . 
  i mince the onion/garlic/ginger very finely in a food processor which helps it all blend nicely , and i like to make the base a few days before using it so the flavour can mature and develop . . 
  the other thing i use i forgot to mention before is the fried chilli , which is like flakes in a little oil - that 's as much for texture as anything though . 
  he 's not wrong , but he is sickeningly hypocritical saying it because the idf kills thousands of civilians , knowing full well that will happen - even if the civilians killed * are * `` collateral damage '' ( which is a horrible weasel word . . ), 
  this entire thing , from netanyahu 's tweet to this question , is grotesque . 
  the idf kills more civilians than hamas could in their wildest dreams , and do in attacks carried out in the full knowledge civilians will die . 
  yes , only people whose experiences match * precisely * what * you * had in * your mind * should be allowed to reply on this open internet forum , no matter how interesting and/or relevant to the general discussion their comment might be . . 
  i laugh at this sub , i find it endlessly amusing . 
  tbqh i would probably be more upset if it * did * stop because my entertainment would be taken away . 
  because i want to turn you into a mummy . . 
  sure , there are issues here as there are anywhere . 
  we still live in a pretty good country to live in though . 
  overall i would rather live here than any of the other countries i have been too/lived in - which is why i do live here . 
  reading this sub i quite honestly get the impression quite a few commenters think they would be better off in north korea , syria , the usa or some other dump . 
  effect can also be a verb though - eg `` i want to effect a significant change '' . 
  obviously things wo n't stay good if we become complacent and let the advantages we enjoy in so many aspects of life deteriorate ; however , there is also a danger in making mountains out of molehills . 
  plus we should all be able to appreciate what we do have . 
  i am quite sure that most people from any of those countries i mentioned previously ( including the usa ) would love to enjoy all the advantages australia provides us , and would be baffled at the extent to which people here ( in this sub ) seem to * hate * it . 
  i reckon you 're right and a lot of it is people blaming external factors entirely for their life being shitty ( and , tbf , external factors will always have an impact , on some more than others ) , but yeah - i think we should all be grateful for being aussies , and that there is nothing wrong with acknowledging that . 
  now , bring on the downvotes . . 
  i 'm supposed to care ? 
  well , quite . . 
  ah , but mine is metawhinge - a different beast entirely and totes cool under the arbitrary rules for life i have defined . 
  where is that ? 
  here in perth , i can usually find a'bunadh for ~ $ 110 , but dan murphy 's want $ 138.99 for 700ml of 105 !, 
  the antiquary is a great blend , and only $ 50 aud a bottle here in australia . 
  cool , thanks mate !, 
  i was actually just looking at their site , randomly , literally five minutes ago . . 
  i see they deliver free for  $ 200 orders , which is pretty sweet . 
  i reckon that 's a pretty good idea too , the 105 is a nice drop and that price just smashes what you can buy it for here . . 
  they also have some of the glendro single casks i see , which i ca n't buy here , and a blend i like ( the original reason i found myself looking at their listings ) - the antiquary ( the 12yo , while here i can only get the nas bottling ) . 
  they say 5-10 days to perth , which is absolutely fine too . 
  again , thanks for the tip . 
  very much appreciated . 
  it 's fucking skits mate, 
  the constant litany of civilian casualties indicate the idf/israeli regime are 100 % cognisant civilian casualties are inevitable when they pick the targets . 
  or you expect us to believe the idf are both stupid and incompetent ? 
  blame the victim . . 
  betty is one of the great beauties !, 
  this picture makes me wonder if grannies think their granny knickers are sexy , seeing as they were evidently considered so back in the day ? 
  does anyone know if this dates from the squadron 's deployment to korat rtafb ( thailand ) in ' 72 ? 
  the sea camo kind if gives it away too . . 
  and the ` af ' in front of the serial # . . 
  israel has an horrific record of extrajudicial killing and egregious violation of other nations ' sovereignty that continues to this day . 
  they then respond to any violation of their sovereignty with extreme violence , eg should any patch of israeli dirt be hit by any kind of foreign object the idf 's typical response is to bomb the closest apartment building to said object 's point of origin . 
  huh , and i though appalachians were all stunted due to inbreeding . 
  no i do n't . 
  i do n't drink it primarily because it 's so very bad for you , and also because after not drinking it for some time the taste is nauseatingly sickly sweet . 
  non-sugar sweeteners are dreadful too , so no max/zero/diet / etc either . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think it looks very tasty , just not like `` proper '' fish n ' chips from uk/aus/nz such as i grew up with . 
  looks crumbed , rather than battered , is i think the main thing ( although we can , of course , buy crumbed here too ) as it looks to me like kfc - the louisiana-style puts that in context though . 
  are the oysters nice ? 
  i see them here , but have never been game to try them ( ditto for deep fried mussels ) , being more into fresh , raw oysters generally . . 
  libya is a success ? 
  libya used to have a significantly per-capita income ( one of the best in the region ) and commensurately higher standard of living for its population than now , since it was turned into yet another strife-torn me shithole by nato 's intervention . 
  its citizens used to live in peace , instead of the constant conflict since the nato intervention . 
  it did n't used to be the launching point for thousands upon thousands of refugees who try to leave africa for europe , many drowning in the attempt either . 
  gaddafi was not actually as bad as us propaganda would have us believe . 
  that sounds really good , especially as i bet they included louisiana style herbs in the crumbs ? 
  you are making me reconsider trying oysters at my local chippie now !, 
  i will do so next time i get a fish supper , and ping you with some pics . 
  but , but , if we do n't only ever discuss the bubble how will the dream of owning a house be kept alive ?? 
  full disclosure : i own my ppor , although not in sydney or melbourne . 
  well , that is , the bank owns most of it , but you know what i mean . 
  there 's a lot of scots here , and sometimes i have literally had to translate between my scottish mate and some aussies ( having lived in the u.k. 
  i have a slight advantage in understanding ) . . 
  that 's only been in nightclubs , after a few drinks ( `` bevvies '' , right ? ), 
  though tbf to both parties though .
