  i am currently drink the following :, 
  - glenlivet nadurra 15 ( speaks for itself i think !, 
  - balvenie triple-cask 12 ( bought duty-free - i 've not seen it anywhere else , but really quite a nice dram ) ;, 
  - jura origin ( it was a gift , but is not too bad , albeit somewhat bland ) . 
  i am waiting on my dad to return to australia later this month with a bottle of the abelour 16yo double-cask for me too , one i am looking forward to very much . 
  not quite as complete and slightly more modern ( early-17th century ) and therefore not quite as impressive , but definitely worth checking out if you come here is the [ remains of the wreck of the batavia ] ( http://museum.wa.gov.au/research/collections/batavia/maritime-shipwrecks/batavia ) at the western australian maritime museum in fremantle ( the main port in western australia , about 15km from perth 's city centre ) . 
  they have significant treated/preserved portions of the 1629 wreck of a voc ( dutch east india company ) trading ship that was wrecked off the state 's nw coast after blowing off course en route to the dutch east indies ( aka indonesia ) . 
  massive sections of well-preserved antique shipwrecks are * always * cool imo and this is very early in the state 's history of discovery by europeans . 
  some very interesting artefacts were discovered in the wreck and are on display . 
  there 's also a blood-curdling tale of mutiny to accompany the archaeology , which of course adds to the intrigue !, 
  on the note of `` best museums '' an australian museum that is absolutely * brilliant * is the privately collected and owned [ museum of old and new art ] ( https://www.mona.net.au/ ) in hobart , tasmania . 
  without a doubt this is one of * the best * museums i have visited anywhere in the world . 
  as the name suggests it is a highly heterogenous collection of artefacts ranging from ancient egyptian and greek relics to ultra-modern art pieces and installations . 
  the museum itself is a jaw-dropping rusted steel shell built onto the side of a rocky bluff on a peninsula that extends into the derwent river ; one descends into the bowels of the museum ( where a cocktail bar conveniently awaits ... ) to be given an ipod touch that detects the exhibits you are proximate to and displays their details accordingly , together with a multimedia accompaniment of music selected to complement the item , further information and the curator/owner 's own thoughts and feelings about the piece . 
  it really is absolutely brilliant in terms of conception , execution and constant evolution and adaptation . 
  whereas the wa maritime museum is one to see if you 're there i would unreservedly recommend visiting tasmania primarily to visit mona , it really is * that * good . 
  i 've only tried the 12 and 15 so far , not the 18 , but to me the nadurra seems more nuanced than either of those i have drunk . 
  of course it 's cs , but smooth as silk with it and with a pleasingly complexity to its flavour that the 12 and 15 - imo - lack . 
  i 'd wholeheartedly recommend grabbing a bottle , especially while you can still get the plain nadurra as i believe they may be deprecating this bottle in favour of all the new nadurra subtypes that are now available ( oloroso and so on ... ) . 
  this stuff breaks my heart - it 's such wanton destruction . 
  obviously the human tragedy far outweighs damage to any building , no matter how ancient ; however , on the other hand these buildings have been a part of the fabric of syria for two millennia and were a huge part of the cultural legacy of the nation - an important part of any nation for its unity and sense of self as well as humanity in general . 
  no other invading army in history has sought to destroy ancient monuments , understanding and respecting their significance to humanity whether they came from peoples with different belief systems or not . 
  muhammadian armies did n't see the need to destroy such sites when they first swept through so why does isis ? 
  obviously it is indicative of their barbarism , but what else does it say about them ? 
  i honestly do n't know how to express my precise thoughts , other than to say it saddens me greatly . 
  inspired by this thread i just picked up a glengoyne 18 . 
  having not drunk it before i am quite looking forward to getting home to pour a dram !, 
  ( i literally * just * picked it up on my way home from work and am currently sitting impatiently in a taxi , very eager to sample it - it smells divine ! ), 
  edit : i just got home and it certainly lived up to expectations . 
  not as sherried as the nose suggested , it 's a lovely , subtle dram , but complex enough to be interesting . 
  i am happy to have it in my little collection . 
   `` i did sacrifice a goat . 
  i know that 's probably a quibble in the mind of most americans , '' he said . 
  `` i sacrificed an animal to the god of the wilderness ... 
  yes , i drank the goat 's blood . '', 
  he 's very insightful , he has a truly penetrating mind does n't he ? 
  i mean , sacrificing a goat a drinking its blood probably * is * at least little quibble in the minds of most people , and he clearly identified this completely by himself . 
  i think this man has a political future ahead , particularly in florida if even just a few of the reports i 've heard of the state and its constituents are true ... 
  what books did you read though ? 
  how did you select your hundred ? 
  how many of them did you enjoy and gain something from reading ? 
  did reading to a deadline inhibit your pleasure in reading at all , or were you able to not watch the stopwatch as it were ? 
  that 's pretty good really , 7/10 success rate . 
  congrats on reaching your goal . 
  i think reading is valuable in and of itself , for the sake of the improvements to your vocabulary and general use of language more reading will tend to confer even if you get nothing else from a single given book . 
  in russia it is cold , but vodka makes you warm . 
  sad things happen , but vodka keeps you happy . 
  driving long distances across the steppes ( or being stuck in moscow traffic jams ) can be dull , but not with vodka . 
  in russian voda means water . 
  adding `` chka '' to a name makes an affectionate version of that name ( eg roza becomes rozachka , meaning darling rosa ... ) ; the russians often refer to vodka as vodichka - which roughly translates to `` darling little water '' and it is named as such for the comfort it brings when dealing with problems such as the examples i gave above . 
  people kept drinking vodka because they kind of fell in love with it i guess you might say . 
  nice work trying to justify israeli war crimes in gaza by linking the idf 's deliberate targeting of un hospitals , schools and infrastructure to an incident involving american forces where something clearly broke down in the chain of communication . 
  also notably different is the fact the us is currently investigating its own military over this incident , something the idf , of course , completely refuses to do . 
  so let 's work through this shall we ? 
  it 's all msf 's fault , which just goes to show that the idf/iaf was * right * to shell/bomb those un hospitals and schools too btw !, 
  msf and the un are both anti-israeli , pro-hamas/taliban - amirite ? 
  did i miss anything ? 
  do you have a source ( preferably from outside israel if such exists ) for your claim about msf ambulances being used by hamas to transport troops ? 
  i did do a google search myself , but could n't find * any * reference to support your claim . 
  local palestinian red crescent ambulances yes , msf ambulances , no . 
  i 'm sorry , perhaps i should have used shorter words for you . 
  i was referring specifically to the idf 's refusal to investigate ( or acknowledge the un investigations of ) the three un schools being used as bomb shelters that were found by independent un investigations to have been deliberately targeted by the idf during `` protective edge '' - that is the analogous situation that the idf will not investigate . 
  of course they have to at least make a show of investigating idf troops untrammeled aggression towards journalists . 
  in each of those investigations though , were any of the soldiers punished ? 
  israeli courts never seem to actually punish any idf soldiers . 
  the source i was asking for was one about msf ambulances being used by hamas as troop transports , not links about investigations for relatively trivial actions being `` investigated '' . 
  i would have taken a source for an idf investigation into the targeting of the un schools too , but how is what you provided remotely relevant to the attack on the hospital ? 
  on a somewhat similar note , it * is * safe to eat mussels whose shells have not opened during cooking . 
  the belief that it is not arose from a single cookbook published in the '70s and became very widely believed ; however , it is perfectly safe . 
  you might need a knife though - another mussel shell is likely to snap if to try to use it to prise open another , unopened mussel . 
  much more so than the typical local crime story dross that this sub all too often gets filled up with ... 
  guy in the middle is very heavily decorated - looks like a knight 's cross , iron crosses 1st and 2nd class and maybe an infantry assault badge ( some kind of badge like that at least , although i 'm not certain exactly which ) . 
  in us terms that 's roughly equivalent to a medal of honour , silver and bronze stars for valour and a combat infantryman 's badge !, 
  it * still * does n't mean they were war criminals or even keen nazis for that matter though ... 
  i do n't know : just as the definitive american populist art form has evolved from movies to reality tv so may we see life imitating art with trump following reagan 's successfully parlaying of an entertainment career into a presidency . 
  it 's interesting to watch , that 's for sure . 
  this election is the first reality tv series i 've really paid any attention to , having eschewed the more traditionally formatted offerings previously aired , and i 'm not watching every episode , but must admit it is certainly quite entertaining . 
  if it was from the mouths of one of the world 's charming warmongering regimes ( eg north korea 's or israel 's propaganda machines ) i would n't believe a word of it , but i think the iranians retain a certain degree of integrity and that there may well be some truth to this matter . 
  we shall have to wait for another , independent source , but certainly - given the strong ties between al-assad and the islamic republic - it does seem logical that an iranian source would be first to gain access to such information . 
  it 's just the unidan copypasta ... 
  you can bet the idf do n't share the thoughts expressed in your final sentence - they knew exactly what they were doing and are , no doubt , very disappointed their target did n't suffer more permanent injuries ... 
  no , no , no - there is a connection between modern , european ashkenazi jews and judea and samaria ( called the `` west bank '' by the rest of the world in an anti-semitic slander campaign ... ) that is much more real and valid than the so-called native palestinians ' because there 's a possibility the ashkenazims ancestors may have lived there briefly 2000 years ago and it says so in the torah or whatever . 
  oh and they want cheap houses too - which is perfectly reasonable . 
  obviously any reasonable person understands that that stuff completely trumps the so called palestinian families generations of unbroken occupation of the land the settlers want to live on . 
  i thought * everybody * knew and understood this !!!, 
  it 's ant-semitic not to you know . 
  you should be able to find all about it in here : / r/museumofreddit, 
  dude , it 's like 2015 . 
  kurt 's been dead for a couple of decades . 
  in fact nirvana are almost exactly 1/2 way between `` the doors '' and `` now '' ... 
  not necessarily ; if the two charges are related then flaws in one case could apply directly to the other . 
  even if not directly intertwined to that extent , each conviction might be predicated upon the other . 
  certainly it means that if one gets overturned there is another to keep the convicted criminal imprisoned , but it does not preclude both convictions being overturned either simultaneously or discretely . 
  accordingly i would argue that it scarcely renders the appeals process moot , even if it does mean that a single successful appeal is no longer a get out of jail free card . 
  furthermore the same would hold true even were the sentences imposed concurrently rather than consecutively ... two sentences are still two sentences . 
  did you really not know that ? 
  it 's kind of what she 's most famous for . 
  sorry to be blunt then , but your original comment 's second point was simply wrong . 
  i did n't eli5 it because mine was n't a top level comment , but an incorrect assertion is surely more damaging in an eli5 context than its rebuttal , even if that employs language a five year old might struggle with a little . 
  what breeds are they ?
