  that 's me though , and just as others ' metrics may not apply to me , so mine perhaps do n't apply to them . 
  i like they are n't too preachy either and manage to keep it interesting and entertaining without distracting from the facts they present . 
  they consistently hit the right note , and i often find myself watching because it 's amusing as much as the information is useful ( although the information is always useful too . . ), 
  i think maybe he 's a novelty account ? 
  his comments are constantly very confused and consequently confusing , i think they are the `` internet nerve gas '' his username alludes to . . 
  yep , that 's right , all the gold , iron ore and everything else is all used up . 
  we dug it all up and , as you say , pissed it all away . . 
  is that * really * your understanding of the resources boom and subsequent slowdown ? 
  really really ? 
  amazing analysis !, 
  are you a professional economist perchance ? 
  the depth of the insight you provide is outstanding , it truly is . 
  ( well , perhaps `` jaw-dropping '' is more apt than `` outstanding '' , but the point remains . ), 
  so , anyway , your contention is that the system should not change in response to changing economic circumstances and wa should be punished both for previously having enjoyed the benefits of global economics trends ( despite much of those benefits having been shared with the nation ) and also punished for resource prices having fallen ? 
  i think you replied to the wrong person there mate . . 
  you also seem to have ignored where i wrote i disagreed with the shop 's action . 
  you think that the only revenue raised by mining in wa is by way of royalties , and the commonwealth derives no income from economic activity in wa other than by taking a disproportionate share of wa 's gst revenue ? 
  wa makes up nearly 1/5 of australia 's economy for 1/10 of the population and provides roughly half of australia 's exports . 
  the national deficit would be huge without wa exports . 
  in the wake of the gfc it was revenue from wa which kept australia from recession , even as other states ( notably vic ) were in recession ( not the ridiculous notion of wayne swan being the world 's best treasurer ) . 
  the money raised during the boom was spent on infrastructure the state required , partially to offset the population increase and other support the mining industry required . 
  nobody is saying wa should get $ 1 / $ 1 from our gst , but 35c is inadequate for the state 's needs . 
  sorry , it was a username mention and not comment reply - my mistake . 
  i am a tad disappointed after everything we have discussed you chose to focus on your feeling i did n't explicitly state my disapproval of that shop 's actions in strong enough terms for your taste though . 
  tbqh i would have hoped you understood that my views were more nuanced than the way you have presented them . 
  i readily admit to being ambivalent about certain aspects of israel 's history and present day policies , but i am not some kind of anti-israeli bigot as implied by your comment ( and as i am explicitly accused of being by the other commenter ) . 
  while you did tbf admit you have not read fisk , by attacking me you have attacked him as a source for u/mann _ aus_sydney , which i think unfair as imo fisk * is * an unbiased source wrt the aspects of israeli history he writes about . 
  the post requested unbiased books , not unbiased commenter 's contributions , and i honestly feel fisk is a good , accurate and fair source . 
  i had expected op to receive suggestions such as benny morris , michael oren , joan peters ( despite her discreditation ) and etc , and thought fisk would provide some balance ( you will note i did n't recommend finkelstein . . ) ; i actually quite shocked that aside from my suggestions no other books have been put forward , but rather every comment seems to be about * me * . . 
   you 're essentially expected to hit the ground running, 
  this is * exactly * what every employer i have ever had has expected of all hires other than grads/juniors , in those exact terms . 
  i think both parties would have been better off keeping their mutual admiration to themselves here given neither is the least bit admirable whatsoever . 
  who the fuck does that ? 
  i know people do horrible things , but honestly this is the first time i have ever heard of this . . 
  ditto for if you side with nk !, 
  ( though i must admit that is not something one often sees here . . ), 
  when he accused greer of being a * union member * i was quite shocked , i thought that really showed he had no idea about boundaries . 
  if he 's willing to say that kind of thing about people no wonder he needs a safe space to do so . 
  otoh you will at least pay off your debt faster , incurring less interest over the period of the loan too . 
  silver linings mate . . 
  so tradies ca n't earn decent money because . . ? 
  i am a professional and have never worked a trade , but i ca n't see why tradies should be castigated for earning a buck . 
  the only possible reason i can see for anyone levelling such criticism at anyone else is jealousy/sour grapes tbqh , which is a very , very unpleasant personal trait . 
  do you not know any tradies with gold watches ? 
  i do . 
  humour me and explain your point then . 
  cool , thanks . 
  missed that . 
  it 's indexed to inflation , the amount you pay increases over time . 
  good on you , sport . 
  we could always make aussie kids pay more to fund the kiwi kids who want to attend australian universities education . . 
  why would the us care about this ? 
  seppoes think nz is middle earth , literally in many cases . 
  awful situation and sorry about your father , but you were n't entitled to the money and really should have been aware you would have to repay it . 
  not so much narrative being built as reality emerging i would say . . 
  that last line about taking 59 years to pay it back is pretty disingenuous as most graduates can expect to earn considerably more than $ 42k within a few years of graduating even if their starting salary is that low . . 
  he can only eat six tablespoons of food at a go , how is that continuing gluttony ? 
  his politics are awful , but your comment is nonsensical and reveals your own ideology to be quite as rigid and unpleasant as his own . 
  you know you are allowed to think before using the keyboard , right ? 
  whatever he may be he 's not a boomer . 
  this sub 's message of division and hate has cooked your brains like bending bananas in the qld sun cooked his . 
  plague does have other vectors than rodents , you might want to keep checking those lymph nodes . 
  median graduate starting salary is ~ $ 52k , and i did n't say `` everyone '' , i said `` most '' . 
  really ? 
  that is really fucked mate , no excuse for creating confusion like that - especially surrounding an already stressful and emotionally draining event . 
  i really am sorry about your dad , and it seems i was wrong about knowing you would have to pay it back . 
  perhaps you might edit your op to include that info ( unless i just missed it ) as that may change the advice people can provide . 
  it 's chewing tobacco i believe . 
  my pics of the museum :, 
  the international situation wrt conflict was very different in 2001 , which is not a refutation of your point , but is a detail that should be borne in mind . 
  since 2001 we ( australia and the world community of nations , particularly in the mena region ) have been in a state of perpetual warfare across significant swathes of the globe . 
  the '70s - '99 was , looking back , a remarkable period in which the west was largely free of open conflict . 
  not entirely obviously , but not like '01 - today . 
  at least it gets her out of adelaide !, 
  given that 's where she came from one must consider the possibility * she * tipped off the authorities herself to avoid having to return . . 
  frankly catholic schools are lucky they get anything . 
  safer than xanax . . 
  it has a much longer half life , with a corresponding increase in relative safety . 
  i live in australia and am still prescribed benzodiazepines , although my circumstances are different in that i am prescribed clonazepam ( rivotril ) for a physical condition ( spasms/spasticity caused by a spinal cord injury ) rather than anxiety . 
  benzos are not banned ( though xanax is now effectively banned , and halcion no longer available ) , so if you find another doctor they may prescribe it for you . 
  however , if you can manage without it is definitely better to do so and your doctor not wanting to prescribe them may be a perfect opportunity to cease their use . 
  personally i usually only take 1/3 of my prescribed dose now ( which suffices to control the spasms ) and feel much better in general for having cut back on the quantity i take of this drug . 
  shocking , especially about how the * war of northern aggression * has to have `` american '' prepended . . 
  when i was playing under 14s our team 's hooker used to be able to spew on demand , which was very distracting for his opposite number . 
  so he had two jobs . . 
  thank you for your service . 
  name like * baxter * wtf does he expect ? 
  is n't australia literally the worst place in the world to live ( according to r/australia orthodoxy at least ) ? 
  with his union connexions i think we may take shorten 's racism , or at best xenophobia , as a given . . 
  it 's true we should not be complacent , but i do believe we are still a very lucky country overall . 
  he was able to spew whenever he wanted , and would do so down the front of the opposing hooker 's jumper . 
  this would allow us to win the scrum more easily as the other hooker would generally take his eye off the ball in consternation at being vomited on . 
  it 's fucked up . 
  you may have misread my comment - were it up to me they would get no funding from the nation . 
  in fact , were it were up to me the only expenditure on the catholics would be the cost of investigations into matters such as those you mention . 
  remember , remember the fifth of november . . 
  i doubt the greens will agree to wear body parts as ornaments - i have met ludlum a couple of times and honestly , if he is representative of his colleagues in the party , i just do n't see them doing it . 
  i am currently prescribed benzos due to spasms/spasticity resulting from a spinal cord injury ; i hope doctors have some discretion in prescribing such products as i would much prefer to be prescribed cannabis ( in whatever form ) than benzos . 
  if only so i do n't have to stress about piss tests . . 
  sci is a neurological condition , when it happened i saw a neurologist and could no doubt get a referral to one still .
