  vietnam is now increasingly prosperous , has much improved relations with the west and its people 's lives are generally improving , except for these guys . 
  he 's just a troll , trying to push people 's buttons . 
  just ignore his crap . 
  no worries , have fun . 
  here 's a few - taken with my phone , so the in flight shot is a bit tiny , but those after she landed are ok :, 
  one has a bonus cac wirraway included ( license built , more powerfully engined and 3-bladed prop fitted na harvard/texan for those who have n't met one before ... ) !, 
  i only mention the warnings because almost every post from the apologists talking about idf attacks on gaza goes on and on about how the idf provides them - well , this report clearly states that they did n't in any of these cases . 
  ah , straight into a [ whataboutism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) / [ tu quoque ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) argument . 
  none , of course , is the answer , but i 'm not trying to say hamas are ok and their actions acceptable . 
  let me be clear - hamas are shits . 
  civilians on both sides should be safe from attack . 
  full stop . 
  at least - and i think this is great , btw - israeli citizens have iron dome , radar/other sensors and warning sirens to help them find shelter . 
  and those shelters ca n't be specifically targeted . 
  they 're ok for a phone , but i would have loved to have a camera with a decent lenses for while the planes were flying ... 
  it was a flying day at [ temora aviation museum ] ( http://www.aviationmuseum.com.au/ ) in nsw , australia . 
  really nice little collection , especially to see on the flying days - a couple of spitfires , that hudson , the wirraway , a cac boomerang , a gloster meteor were all flown and they have some really cool non-flying exhibits including a beautiful na/cac sabre that flew only a month earlier , but is currently grounded due to martin baker no longer servicing the ejection seat !, 
  i hope somebody takes up that servicing role - it 's a real shame the sabre 's not flying ... 
  if you 're in the states you have an awesome selection of museums to choose from and the uk is pretty great too . 
  i was in london for christmas and visited raf museum hendon , i 'm back in september when i 'll probably hit up duxford . 
  yeah , awesome !, 
  it 's great seeing them all though and some off the little ones have some really great planes , like temora does ... 
  the smithsonian air and space would be great . 
  i 've been to america and seen a few including the main smithsonian , caf , pima and some others , but never made the full air and space museum . 
  the smithsonian air and space magazine is pretty great too . 
  cool man and vice versa , 
  so what washed out - mothers milk , or a combination of blood , sugar , sex and magic ? 
  simple enough mistake to make ... 
  ah so the native population are responsible for starting a war with the aggressors that move into their territory because they did n't just pack up and leave . 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  that 's really awful , i 'm sorry to hear it . 
  obviously the radiation is making the animals evolve rapidly - we humans only first made [ sandwiches in the 18th century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sandwich#history ) ourselves !, 
  that kid wants to be careful putting those cops at risk in such a highly charged situation . 
  that bottle of water could easily be mistaken for a molatov cocktail , or the kid might have tampered with it for all the leos know . 
  this is why people get shot . 
  yeah , where would you even put the coffee ? 
  now they 're bombing the druze . 
  wtf ? 
  this is just bombing random targets which increasingly seem less and less relevant to israel 's paranoia surrounding hezbollah . 
   [ israel 's ] interests too must be taken into consideration when arriving at a resolution, 
  if israel refuses to get involved in the conflict , why should they have a voice in the resolution ? 
  as the iranian nuclear deal proves , what israel wants and what is good for the rest of the world are frequently at odds and given israel 's propensity for relentless pursuit of their own objectives to the detriment of any and all other parties involved they must learn to expect and accept the same treatment in return . 
  hmmm , despite the immediate and definite us government denials , this story keeps getting pushed by various media outlets . 
  it 's almost as if some kind of disinformation campaign is being waged by iran 's opponents ... 
  the palestinians do n't have any air defense capability - they actually ca n't `` just shoot '' anything down , let alone idf missiles and bombs . 
  nobody is even saying that they can . 
  america did n't help israel , but [ israeli spies stole highly enriched nuclear materials from us disposal sites ] ( http://www.afr.com/business/energy/cold-war-mystery-israeli-spies-may-have-stolen-us-uranium-to-build-the-bomb-20150401-1mawaw ) , a position that us government nuclear , law enforcement and intelligence agencies, 
  [ denials of any interest in the matter ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32503660 ) , which began as soon as these news stories did . 
   though it was apparently carried out by local druze . 
  there 's the druze . 
   apparently attacking syrian army weapons warehouses near the border with lebanon on saturday morning, 
  and there 's the random target . 
  i guess reading and comprehension just are n't as much fun as knee-jerk support for whatever israel does , huh ? 
  / r/personalfinance would * love * this guy - he saved his whole income , keeping it as an emergency fund and living completely within his means until he built up enough to be able to afford his own place !, 
  i think the survivor is a jew too you know . 
  often forgiveness does as much for the forgiver as the forgivee . 
  i 'm not making excuses for the guy - he was a literal ss concentration camp guard - but he personally was horrified at the time and tried to get transferred , has always spoken out about what he saw to the extent he has given evidence against his more typical former colleagues and admits his own moral guilt at least . 
  deniers are surely those that are the ones whom one simply can not forgive ? 
  i think that depends entirely on whether the ghost pepper in question had been cooked or otherwise heated up thermally before you placed it on the ice block . 
  let 's not forget that gingers have no soul and their colouring evolved as a marker to warn others of this trait . 
  very interesting , especially the other rankings , though most of the positions were much where i would have expected them to be . 
  i totally understand what all the other posters are saying , but personally i think one difference is people can call me `` whitey '' all day , point out that i 'm not a catholic ( or anything non-anglican in fact , not that i 'm religious in the least ) or accuse me of coming from an anglo-saxon background and i wo n't feel the least bit belittled - in fact i 'll thank them !, 
  black people on the other hand have always been told that that is less than being white and i can understand why it rankles , a lot ... 
  it may just be me , but that is the difference i perceive . 
  of course people can judge me , try to screw me over or whatever because i am a white man , but the term itself is not , in our anglophone culture - an insult by default . 
  in fact most people from my background would be more insulted if you tried to imply they * were n't * !, 
  great for my sense of self , very sad for blacks , catholics , jews or whatever . 
  i think the same thing applies to gender too to an extent - being called a man is never perceived as a slur . 
  none of these things should be considered a slur , btw , it 's just how it is . 
  australian army , `` konfrontasi '' ? 
  equally - in your opinion - it 's horrible for palestine to do too . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  they say tomato , you say something fucked up . 
  or vice versa , depending on where you stand . 
  yeah ok , i 'm sure you 're right . 
  i mean you 're an impartial observer right ? 
  so when * they * say the same things about israel , well that 's all lies and propaganda , but the idf would never besmirch their honour with an * untruth * !, 
  and , of course , the un are completely biased . 
  who could believe a word * they * say !, 
  please accept my humble apologies ... 
  look i completely agree with the sentiment of your comment , just not all of the details . 
  of course it 's incredibly complicated and israel , and in particular the idf , have a long and mutually antagonistic relationship with hezbollah ; however , i believe that isis are far , far worse than hezbollah ( who at least have some redeeming qualities , such as providing schools - not madrasahs - and medical facilities that the lebanese government is incapable of providing at present to war ravaged southern lebanon ) and are the threat that should be concentrated on . 
  if politics keeps israel from directly fighting isis , they could , imo , at least let hezbollah do so without interference . 
  hezbollah and israel have n't been at war for nine years and currently hezbollah is 100 % focussed on isis who are a very clear and present existential threat to all shia throughout the me . 
  i 'm sure they would have . 
  i hope so too . 
  i bet it 's not always sunny in that part of philadelphia ... 
  yeah - i mean how can something bleed for 7 days and not die . 
  what 's not to get about periods ? 
  as a man i 've never experienced one obviously , but i think the basic facts are pretty clearly understood . 
   israel just want peace for ** their ** world once for all, 
  we 're saying the same thing here . 
  all i 'm asking is that israel are a little less myopic in terms of looking beyond their own , immediate , interests and considering their neighbours as being equally deserving of peace and prosperity . 
  tbh i think calling israel `` peace searchers '' is pushing it a bit , especially with netanyahu at the helm . 
  i 'm certain the majority of israeli people want peace ; however , as this sub shows many young israelis have been so inculcated with hatred for the other and an extremely right wing interpretation of the zionist dream . 
  many early zionists were very left wing and not nearly as aggressive in their demands , although the right-wing has always been present . 
  are you aware that the dutch jewish literary writer and journalist [ jacob isra\u00ebl de haan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacob_isra%c3%abl_de_haan ) killing is considered the first political murder in the jewish community in palestine ( as it was then ) and was carried out by haganah because he favoured settlement with arab leaders ? 
  this highlight the dichotomy within the jewish community - there are equally vocal moderates and extremists , but unfortunately , by definition the extremist are more vociferous and likely to do messed up stuff . 
  even more unfortunately it is the extremists that hold power in israel at the moment in the form of likud . 
  the point is , i guess , that all extremism is bad and not conducive to peace .
