  the issue is n't land ownership , as so many pro-israeli apologists focus on , but sovereignty over the land . 
  when `` agreeing '' to the un division of palestine ( by unilaterally `` declaring independence '' ) , israel gained territory , but it also surrendered territory in return . 
  this was to allow each nation to have sovereignty over their own independent portion of the region . 
  seeing as there was * no * israel before that , it is clear israel purely gained whilst the palestinians purely lost . 
  israel ca n't just claim sovereignty over all it claimed * and * all it ceded . 
  ( yes , i know there was no palestinian * state * prior to that ; however , palestinian society clearly existed within the ottoman and british empires and the british mandate of palestine was intended to conclude with self-determination for the region 's indigenous inhabitants - jews and palestinians * both * . ), 
  the former jewish settlements you refer to fall under this category , therefore their `` reoccupation '' is just as illegal as say , gush etzion , or indeed any of the clearly illegal `` outposts '' ( eg those being squatted on by the hilltop youth terrorist organisation ) . 
  unless you are saying that palestinians too should be able to simply walk back into * their * former homes , seized in '48 during the mass expulsions , your argument has as little merit morally as it does in the legal context of the icj rulings or the geneva convention issues generally . 
  personally , i believe that israeli jews should be allowed to surrender their israeli citizenship and exchange it for palestinian citizenship should they desire to live in the wb as part of any peace settlement , similarly to how arab israelis live within the predominantly jewish state of israel . 
  however , that is just my personal opinion and does not seem to be included in any peace plans mooted by either side thus far . 
  edit : forgot a word, 
  '' ... unless their laws support israel 's position , of course . 
  in those few cases international law is * incontrovertibly * what should be followed and respected by all , but * only * ever in those cases . '', 
  i am well aware of the history of the first gulf war and israel 's pr claims regarding isis ; i just feel that with regards to syria , at the very least , the idf could suspend its attacks on those fighting isis and stop treating wounded jabhat al-nusra ( al-qaeda ) fighters . 
  if israel does n't want to get involved in attacking isis in any positive sense for `` political reasons '' , they could at the very least cease making isis 's life * easier * . 
  i 'm happy i can still pick up bottles in my city for now , but there 's a certain piquancy in every dram , knowing that situation ca n't last forever as i do ... 
  right of return is not given up under the arab initiative - rather it is dealt with by offering some , but not all , palestinian refugees ( meeting set criteria ) the choice of return or compensation , with the issue then considered settled . 
  that is actually as described above , or in any of the many articles regarding the arab initiative . 
  sorry , i misread your op . 
  i would agree that the exact site you refer to should probably fall under israeli control once the borders are set . 
  if the territory is no-man 's land then israel still has no right to claim it , at least until a full settlement of borders is finally agreed upon , though . 
  neither , for that matter , does palestine imo , and either the palestinians should be castigated for their occupation of no man 's land equally to israel , or the no man 's land cases should be allowed to maintain their current status without being covered by either side 's blanket statements until the issue is finally resolved . 
  you 're right : i did n't address your post correctly . 
  once again i apologise . 
  [ timur ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timur ) , aka tamerlane in western culture , was a very formidable figure who within his lifetime cut an empire from china to the me from his home in uzbekistan after starting with nothing . 
  oh yeah - like with that idf medic who `` treated '' the subdued palestinian recently , despite the palestinian being a stab-attacker . 
  all makes sense now . 
  thanks !, 
  so , tell me please , is providing medical support to al-qaeda or killing the subdued prisoner in cold blood the `` good '' thing ? 
  even if you consider that invalidates the icj advisory , it still does n't confer validity on the levy report though or legalise the settlements . 
  the israeli advisory that relies on the definition of `` forced population transfer '' as referring to the settlers not being forced to move in , even as palestinians are forced out , is no more useful . 
  i think you nailed it when you said politically motivated blanket statements wo n't cut it on this issue - neither side will accept them . 
  it needs to be dealt with by negotiation or a binding legal process . 
  check your spare tyre for * what * damnit ? 
  titles , i only want to have to read titles . 
  sure , any or all of the above would slot in there just fine . 
  hence my confusion . 
  you should do a lpt about * that * - lpt : when using voice to text , make sure you proofread . 
  it 's very easy to forget a when speaking into a microphone instead of writing . 
  chipmunks . 
  yes , of course , we must all remember * israel has done no wrong , israel can do no wrong , saying otherwise is anti-semitic * . 
  i find it helps to mutter the mantra constantly throughout the day under my breath , like a secular prayer ( i 'm a non-practicing rabbi ) . 
  would n't it be better to get wet than risk having a building collapse on you ? 
  or is it monsoon season or something so the rains are very heavy ? 
  anyway , the main thing is that they are safe and sound . 
  i hope that question did n't sound critical , i am just interested , but wish your family ( as well as all the people affected , whether in bangladesh or myanmar ) all the best !, 
  earthquakes must be absolutely terrifying , especially in areas without `` quake-proofed '' structures . 
  ha ha , yep - you get it . 
  not * everyone * in the world . 
  that 's a strawman . 
  he just means israel and palestine and i guess he means the mutual stubborn , mulish national refusal to concede an inch , not individuals or the culture per se from either side . 
  that 's my take on it anyway . 
  as may have been somewhat apparent in certain posts i have made , i disagree strongly with certain israeli actions and policies on occasion ; however , i do not support the bds movement whatsoever precisely due to the issues with the movement you raise . 
  i personally do n't see how any moral person who is interested in the region and its politics can tbh . 
  their anti-semitic animus is very clear and lurks only just below the surface . 
  this is why bds seems to draw so many of the people that make the op necessary ( as seen most recently during various recent university campus incidents ) , individuals who claim to be opposed only to the settlements , but are in fact deeply anti-semitic . 
  designer of the focke-wulf fw-190 , one of the best fighters of wwii . 
  it was known to the raf as the `` butcher-bird '' due to how many casualties it caused from when it first appeared to when an upgraded spitfire ( mk ix ) was rushed into service to combat it . 
  kurt tank was a genius aircraft designer . 
  see now , if they raised minimum wage and were then able to attract workers possessing even a slightly higher iq as a result think of all the money they would have saved on this alone !, 
  i was reading an interview with a raf eurofighter typhoon pilot who said that the gripen is very easy to beat without all its defensive ecm activated , but once that gets switched on it becomes almost impossible to see until it 's close enough to pose a very real threat even to much more powerful fighters , such as the eurofighter . 
  it 's an interesting approach to aircraft design and one that is evidently working well for the gripen . 
  it 'll be great to see how the e/f model ( gripen ng ) goes too . 
  perhaps consider the xdocument class rather than xmldocument as it is the dom manipulation class from the more modern . net xml api (  3.0 ) and allows you to use linq-to-xml for faster document creation and querying . 
  if you are planning to work with asp.net i would 100 % advise you to go down the mvc path instead of webforms - it is a much nicer api to work with and much more prevelant in industry . 
  if you look around you will find plenty of tutorials/examples covering simple crud applications written in mvc . 
  pick the one you like and replace the inevitable database access via entity framework with your xml storage - the linq statements provided should work almost exactly as they do for the database with your xml too !, 
  ( another key reason for encouraging linq based document interrogation . ), 
  good luck and have fun . 
  let me preface this by saying i do n't want to make out as though the palestinians are innocent of the crimes being discussed , or that such crimes should be excused - let alone praised !, 
  i also do n't want to give the impression i dislike or even hate israel and its people . 
  in fact i unreservedly support israel 's right to continued existence , continued self-determination and a safe , secure , peaceful way of life . 
  however , i feel i must question what does * seem * to be a double standard . 
  if i have misunderstood any of this , please somebody tell me . 
  i know i will be downvoted to oblivion for even asking my question and bringing up the incontrovertible historical facts i have discussed below , but who cares about silly points ? 
  if , however , i have missed something please tell me about it * as well as * hitting the downvote arrow ... 
  when you say `` terrorists and murderers are the national heroes of palestinians '' , would n't you agree it is at least equally true to say `` terrorists and murderers are the national heroes of israelis '' ? 
  menachem begin was leader of the irgun - the first modern terrorist organisation in the me and responsible for hundreds , if not thousands of deaths including terrorist attacks such as the king david hotel atrocity as well as multiple massacres during the '48 war . 
  how did israel punish this vile terrorist leader ? 
  why , they made him pm and heaped other honours upon him . 
  his fellow leader of irgun - the equally vile , bigoted and literal fascist ( mussolini ) acolyte ze 've jabotinsky - did n't make pm , but his name * is * the [ most popular street name in israel ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-3476622,00.html ) and he is honoured in countless other ways also . 
  the similarly odious yitzhak shamir , leader of the stern gang , responsible for the death of count bernadotte amongst other atrocities , including the standard ( on israeli pms ' resumes at least ) massacre of palestinian villagers during the ' 47 / '48 war , was also voted israeli pm . 
  ariel sharon , the man who not only presided over the horrific sabra and shatila refugee camp massacres during israel 's brutal invasion of lebanon , but later boasted of his responsibility for these events ( in which thousands died ) was * also * later voted in as israeli pm !, 
  so , tell me again , how are israelis * any * better ? 
  edit : added link to jabotinsky being * most * popular street name as everything else is fairly widely known , basic history that can not be denied . 
  however , if anybody ca n't google and wants links to any other of the facts presented just ask and i 'll edit again !, 
  sorry , it was actually in an article whose author referred to conversations he had had with raf pilots , not an actual pilot interview . 
  it 's towards the bottom of [ this ] ( https://hushkit.net/2016/03/17/su-35-versus-typhoon-analysis-from-rusis-justin-bronk/ ) , which actually primarily analyses and discusses the likely relative advantages of the eurofighter typhoon vs the su-35s , but talks briefly about the gripen too . 
  once the main body about the two principals is done he discusses the su-35s vs various other western fighters , saying this about gripen :, 
   gripen is a bit of an unknown quantity against modern air superiority machines because it takes a fundamentally different approach to survivability . 
  whilst in traditional dct exercises , typhoon pilots have often referred to the gripen as ` cannon-fodder ' due to its inferior thrust-to-weight ratio , speed , agility and armament , in the few cases where the gripen has ` come to play ' with its full electronic warfare capabilities , it has given typhoons very nasty shocks . 
  against the su-35s , gripen would rely on the cutting edge ew capabilities which saab builds the gripen ( especially the new e/f ) around to hide the aircraft from the sensors of the russian jets in much the same way as the raptor relies on x-band stealth . 
  these ew capabilities are so highly classified that there is simply no way to assess their effectiveness in the public domain . 
  having said that , raf pilots who i have talked to with experience of the saab fighter 's ew teeth first hand say that the ability of the aircraft to get alarmingly close without detection thanks entirely to ew is very impressive . 
  i loath american gloating as much as the next man , but to be fair there was one , rather significant , conflict on their land ; though they were just fighting themselves by this point , having had no luck trying to invade canada and grown bored of fighting mexicans . 
  i refer , of course , to the american civil war , or , as they still ( rather charmingly ) refer to it in the south , `` the war of northern aggression '' . 
  it * was * over with more than 150yrs ago now though , pre-dating wwi by 50 odd years , so your point still stands . 
  just to add to the point about metallurgy , western turbine blades are now made from hollowed titanium which is even more challenging to manufacture at scale than the plain old titanium blades many countries find challenging already . 
  the metallurgy really is a big issue , especially in regards to manufacturing for industrial scale production and is not limited to jet engines . 
  china , for example , also has great difficulties with ship drive shafts amongst other similar products and often has to buy rather than build .
