  * that 's the news * . 
  as it explains in the article the us government regularly criticises hamas and other palestinians , but never before israel to this extent . 
  sorry , did n't mean to sound so harsh , i will be more careful in future . 
  would n't that count as `` digging a deeper hole '' ? 
  or is mod abuse still within the rules ? 
  it also clearly shows they genuinely lack any manners . 
  anyway , warning has been received and understood - when i read the comment back i could see it was a bit unnecessarily ott . 
  cheers !, 
  why ? 
  greed for territorial expansion and horrendously racist-ideology-driven colonisation projects that tie in with that whole crazy `` the jews are native to israel and god gave it to us and we 're not sharing * any * of it , so there ! '', 
  thing . 
  note as well that , for extra crazy points , most people who hold this type of opinion are also referring to eretz israel which supposedly covers the entire area between the nile and the euphrates , not merely the present area known officially as israel !, 
  i do n't think they necessarily do ; rather i would say people take what is available and if you 're a man living in a coal-mining community then down the pit you go . 
  remember , * somebody * has to do the dirty , dangerous , damaging to one 's health and perhaps under-compensated jobs in society for society to function . 
  i guess the op 's question is why is there such a clamour for women in stem , yet nothing about women picking up their share of the unpleasant , but important jobs that surround us ? 
  tbf though , in my home country ( australia ) there was a long running ad campaign predicted around `` hand a girl a spanner '' that started in the '80s and ran until 2000 at least , so there is one clear example i can think of straight off the top of my head that disproves op 's hypothesis ( for want of a better word ) ... 
  it 's not coal mining , but it is certainly a job with some similar characteristics , so i would say women are in fact encouraged to pursue all sorts of career paths . 
  it 's just some are more heavily promoted than others . 
  even in a case of total war against say russia and china ? 
  i imagine a draft seemed utterly impossible in isolationist , pre-wwii america too - until pearl harbour and germany 's declaration of war . 
  i hope his vehicle has been equipped with ballistic protection - something tells me he 's going to need it one of these days ... 
  smile and return to my book on the train of whatever , slight nod and move along in more fluid situations . 
  ... that 's just melted a bit in the hot , hot mediterranean sun . 
  in keeping with the '60s - '70s `` vibe '' ( to use the terminology of the era ) , it also kind of reminds me of a lava lamp . 
  i wonder if a lava lamp was part of the architect 's inspiration ? 
  the strategic policy is debatable given the amount of influence the jewish home currently holds - they have strong ties to the most radical , religious extremist settlers . 
  likud was also a offshoot of terrorist group the irgun , and as such are imbued with the ideologies of people such as irgun leader ze'ev jabotinsky , a man very fixated on eretz israel , not just the area israel is located in . 
  so the current regime is ideologically driven to continue the occupation rather than agree to peace , with some of that being religious nationalism driven and the rest originating from the ideas that fuelled the irgun . 
  it 's hard to judge exactly what 's what in terms of israel 's precise motivation for some of its strategic decisions , but many are certainly heavily influenced by such extremist ideologies as much as they are by sound , balanced policy - the illegal settlements being the first case in point . 
  there is talk of f-x being perhaps an f-22 upgraded with f-35 technology ( sensors , ram , etc. . . ) rather than a 6th gen airframe and perhaps without thrust vectoring . 
  i ca n't remember where i read this , but will try to find the article and edit to include it . 
  the pentagon seems to be looking at russia 's experiences developing and deploying the su-35s vs the pak-fa as well as their own procurement issues and applying an evolutionary approach of capitalising on r&d expenditure by developing new systems based upgraded existing technology rather than demanding revolutionary technology every time . 
  this ethos is seen in the b-21 program , which they have stated will use as much existing technology as possible to speed development whilst reducing the risk and cost of getting the aircraft into service . 
  so the b-21 seems to be reusing the b-2s shaping , f-35 engines and presumably mission systems from both . 
  this seems to be an eminently sane approach . 
  the f-22 airframe has excellent kinematics , which if coupled with the f-35s sensors would result in a very capable aircraft indeed . 
  if something along those lines was to fill the f-x slot it would be an easier program to cost out then manage than a clean-sheet 6th gen fighter . 
  nobody even knows what a 6th gen fighter should look like or do at them moment anyway , so by designing it now there is also a distinct risk of developing an evolutionary dead end , whilst the state of the art moves on somewhere else . 
  edit : [ here 's the source ] ( http://www.combataircraft.net/2016/03/11/no-more-raptors-for-usaf-but/ ) - it was in combat aircraft magazine . 
  there have a been a couple of ksa fanboys in this sub , r/credibledefence and r/worldnews talking about how the ksa forces have now achieved previously unseen levels of professionalism and what a success they have been in yemen , but somehow this article feels as though it has more of a ring of truth than such claims . 
  the quality of ksa ( and gulf arab generally ) armed forces has never been considered particularly high and their reliance on western contractors to train , lead and support those forces is well known . 
  ( in areas such as aircraft maintenance they were entirely reliant on such contractors , in the very recent past at least ; this * may * have improved for them , but i would be surprised if they are anywhere near completely self-reliant yet . ), 
  the appalling record of civilian deaths resulting from seemingly indiscriminate ksa af is also well known strikes is also well-known , but , nonetheless , still bears repeating to make sure everybody knows the human cost of this adventurism in yemen . 
  both groups ' roots lie in the afghan mujahideen who fought the soviet forces in afghanistan between the late - '70s and late - '80s following the ussr 's invasion of afghanistan to prop up their afghan communist party puppet government . 
  the mujahideen were supported with finance and equipment by the usa in a typical cold war proxy-war type scenario ( america 's revenge for russia 's support for the north vietnamese as some put it ) and by ksa , who supported their co-religionists to expel the godless , communist * kaffir * forces . 
  this support was all distributed by pakistan 's isi ( intelligence agency ) , who tended to heavily favour sunni , pashtun mujahideen groups ( afghanistan is a very complex patchwork of various ethnicities and tribes , some of whom are shia and some of whom are sunni - the pashtuns are sunni , like the pakistani elite , and the pashtun tribal area spreads across both afghanistan and pakistan making them the favoured group within afghanistan as far as pakistan is concerned ) who were allied with them and unlikely to form any relationship with india ( pakistan fears indian influence in afghanistan greatly and always has ) . 
  accordingly most of the funds and equipment , including the best weapons , went to pashtun groups . 
  at the same time ksa was also building a host of madrassahs ( islamic schools ) in pakistan close to the afghan refugee camps which taught the hardline wahhabi version of islam that ksa favours . 
  these schools turned out thousands of talibs ( students ) who were deeply imbued with wahhabism and keen to fight jihad in afghanistan . 
  the taliban emerged from these madrassahs , even taking their name from the word for student , during the post-soviet withdrawal civil war period with a great deal of support and assistance from pakistan 's isi behind them . 
  they are largely pashtuns and swept through the country , defeating the other warring factions throughout most of afghanistan . 
  also fighting with the mujahideen were foreign muslim fighters , drawn by the jihad against the ussr . 
  they too were supported by ksa and their numbers increased as the war went on . 
  many were left in afghanistan following the soviet 's withdrawal , feeling convinced that they - the muslim jihadis - had humbled the great superpower ( even as the us believed it was * their * provision of stinger sams and other advanced weapons that had been what defeated the ussr ... ) . 
  al-qaeda 's roots are amongst these jihadi fighters . 
  initially aq was more concerned with fighting the rulers of the ksa ( saudi arabia 's status as the site of mecca and medina - islam 's two holiest sites - being very important to aq ) until the first gulf war when they were outraged by the presence of infidels ( us troops ) in the holy country of ksa and turned their attentions to the us . 
  the taliban hosted the foreign fighters , including aq , who had helped them fight both the soviets and other afghan factions during the afghan civil war , but otherwise the groups are quite distinct . 
  johnson 's invasion of the dominican republic by 82d abn and usmc in 1965 and subsequent manipulation of the elections that followed to ensure that the us backed candidate - the utterly corrupt balaguer - would be a great example . 
  it is certainly the murder victim 's ancestral country , going back innumerable generations , whereas the murderer is almost certainly nothing more than a mere second - or ( at the very best ) third-generation descendant of a very recently ( as in within living history recently ) colonist family who probably immigrated from europe ( given his reported religious nationalist politics , which seem to be most prevalent amongst ashkenazi orthodox/ultra-orthodox communities ) . 
  the very fact that so much effort is expended on the `` palestine is not and never was technically a country '' point by pro-israeli apologists is in itself an implicit acknowledgment of the base immorality underlying the zionist colonial project 's expulsion of hundreds of thousands of people from their homes . 
  it 's an argument that consists of `` well , sure it would have been bad to take over a * country * , but , since there was n't actually a legal state in place , our violent displacement of the native population from their homes is perfectly fine '' . 
  that argument attempts to completely sidestep the basic moral problem at the heart of the illegal settlements ( or any colonialist displacement of indigenous populations ) , but i can assure you it does n't actually trick anyone ( other than israelis themselves who seem to genuinely believe their own propaganda and lies ! ), 
  into forgetting about that simple moral issue . 
  it 's entirely disingenuous and reliant on semantics - not the most solid of foundations for any argument . 
  if there really was no moral issue with ethnically cleansing vast numbers of palestinians from their homes and forcing hundreds of thousands of people out of their homes and into a stateless existence of living in refugee camps , suffering a life of poverty and bleak prospects then it would not be necessary to constantly parrot the old `` palestine was never a country '' shibboleth , so core to israel 's narrative about the palestinians . 
  i added the reference in an edit to my op . 
  it was from combat aircraft magazine . 
  this is very interesting from two points of view - firstly the insight it provides of current chinese thinking and progress on cvg operations and lo technologies and secondly simply for the information it contains . 
  whilst i must admit the maths involved was out of my frame off reference , it was easy enough to read and interpret their conclusions about bot growler and the ew su-33 variant that was also analysed . 
  i was n't even aware that there was an ew su-33 variant in development which is very interesting in and of itself , especially as the planaf has its own , indigenous , j-16 ( su-33 flanker variant ) under development as the strike fighter for its carrier operations - does this mean the authors are referring to the chinese copy , or are russia developing sukhoi carrier based variants themselves ? 
  is the ew flanker from sukhoi or shenyang ? 
  as well as the `` flying shark '' j-16 carrier strike fighter , there is another chinese flanker varient reported as using the j-16 designation , but known as the `` silent flanker '' that is a boeing f-15se `` silent eagle '' analogue - reading this paper one has to wonder if that j-16 is also intended for planaf cvw operations including the ew role ? 
  finally one also has to wonder what impetus this paper will provide to the e/a -18 g `` advanced growler '' usn/boeing development program and if it will influence the `` advanced growler '' to incorporate any of boeing 's unofficial `` advanced super hornet '' program features that focus on rcs reduction ( weapons pods , cfts ) into the official `` advanced growler '' program ? 
  hmmm , redditor for 6 days , posts mainly on our favouritest sub ever - r/the _ donald and in r/politics with pro- ` murica , anti-hillary , pro-gun streams of nonsense - it could be we have a new regular to enjoy in here if he carries on as strongly as he started ... 
  i love how he 's ready to tell london residents what 's * really * going down in their city . 
  of course london , with its massively diverse-in-every-sense population is going to be more dangerous for trans people than rural , bible-belt usa would be - simple common sense , is n't it ? 
  because shakira , may hips be upon her , is more dominant throughout yurop than rednecks are in the southern usa and sheeeeeit , in london it 's only the shakirists who have guns . 
  not like in sane ol' mississippi where yes the rednecks are armed to the teeth , but * so can you be too * !, 
  i 'm a uk citizen now living in australia ( dual-citizenship ) who will be exercising my right to vote and voting stay . 
  for someone who has skin in the game ( directly personally in terms of travel and because my sister lives in london with her italian fianc\u00e9e ) , but who is removed from the hothouse of current debate over the issue , the eu seems like the far better option to me . 
  not living in the uk divorces me from the jingoistic appeal of parties such as ukip and whilst i understand the arguments for leaving i sincerely feel they are grossly outweighed by the benefits of staying . 
  the eu may have its structural problems and is certainly suffering major issues right now ( some that have been extant for several years now ) , but the overall idea is still perfectly sound and worth working towards even through the rough patches imo . 
  whilst i do n't buy into the `` stay '' side 's nightmare scenarios for what would happen if the uk leaves ( eg i am quite sure the uk will still have preferred trade and travel agreements worked out ) , i do n't buy into the `` leave '' sides nationalistic drumbeat either . 
  the uk does well out of being the intermediary between the eu and the us particularly , but also the rest of the global economy . 
  the uk still has its own currency . 
  i 'm quite sure if the uk leaves the eu the scots will leave the union . 
  cooperation with europe would certainly be maintained , but would suffer nonetheless - eg why should the french continue to suffer the effects of corralling would be uk migrants in the calais jungle if the two countries no longer share an immigration policy in any sense whatsoever ? 
  ultimately though , for me , it just comes down to the intrinsic advantages of the eu per se . 
  most countries are now part of a trade bloc - for the uk to strike out alone risks a great deal for little more than national pride . 
  i should have expressed that more clearly to remove this particular paper from the context of what i was saying . 
  i 'm quite sure you 're 100 % correct and the usn 's intelligence community is streets ahead of both the data analysis contained within and the strategic thinking illustrated by this particular paper ; really i should have asked what effect chinese advances such as the paper touches on are having on the advanced growler program development . 
  if you 're trying to argue that ksa 's record of civilian casualties is in any way comparable to that of the iaf you just proved my entire point for me . 
  the iaf is a byword for excessive , disproportionate responses carried out without concern for civilian casualties . 
  ( eg targeting un schools known to be in use as bomb shelters . ), 
  i think the facts presented in the op regarding the us having to ship replacement pgms from their own stocks because the rsaf can not accurately deliver dumb bombs speaks volumes - the iaf has never required that type of assistance other than during the yom kippur war when they were in a state of full war with multiple fronts facing different enemies , not just meddling in a civil war . 
  yes . 
    sister cities ? 
  who cares ? 
  that really does n't even do anything . 
  nobody even pays attention to that .
