  former inhabitants certainly ; inhabitants no . 
  your inability to grasp this may be a result of english not being your mother tongue , but i think it is more to do with your mind being blocked by the same propaganda you parrot throughout your comments . 
  it is that propaganda that makes the entirety of the rest of your comment and it is something you and i will never agree upon because you are looking at the situation through the eyes of a zealot whereas i am looking through the eyes of an uninvolved observer . 
  i have read the pro-israeli point of view and where i think it is correct am unafraid to say so ; it would be easier to do so unreservedly were less of it wrapped in propaganda and lies . 
  if only you would admit - as i acknowledge the validity of the jewish desire for a homeland - that the palestinians have a valid cause for grievance , that they have been wronged , that would be a massive step forward ... 
  no it does n't - as an asparagus pee smeller i can assure you that if asparagus smelt like my pee after eating asparagus i would never eat asparagus !, 
  apparently the smell is sulphurous ... 
  well i obviously think this is great , but entirely understandable in the context of western opinions around israel - last year there was a war in gaza which was at the time and despite the protestations of the pro-israeli-right ( who claimed it was unrelated ) clearly linked with increased negativity about israel and , unfortunately , by extension jews . 
  whatever the reason it 's good to see lower levels of any kind of bigotry . 
  lucky their accent does n't transmit over text - i find trying to understand them severely emotionally disturbing in and of itself, 
  just as israel and isis both hate hezbollah , iran and the assad regime ... 
  just saying . 
  there are no independently verified indications certainly ; neither are there any for hamas and isis helping each other though . 
  if * you * say so . 
   the archaeologists were surprised to find those artifacts had been vandalized : graffiti had been etched into them by australian world war ii soldiers . 
  this is clear evidence that australians are another native people of palestine , exactly the same as the jews . 
  i think australia is now in a position to claim at least half of what is currently israel . 
  are you making apologies for hamas ? 
  they 're saying it was perfectly justified - after all she * might * have been a terrorist !!, 
  some say there still are ... ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ talking ^ ^ ^ about ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ discovery ^ ^ ^ channel, 
  love those '50s two-tone boobies, 
  this is not a constructive move on their part - they should have learned by now that aggressive rhetoric just digs them deeper into their hole whilst serving to discredit them in the eyes of the world . 
  however , the title does seem to be misleading , indeed to quote the article :, 
   inquiry by the website found over 300 profiles of israeli residents, 
  300 is * thousands * ? 
  maybe maths is employed differently in the me , but in the west there 's an order of magnitude 's difference there !, 
  the article also mentions that ( i use this word in the spirit of the title ) thousands of israeli jews have also added a similar `` death to arabs '' tagline to their profiles , something the title gives no indication of whatsoever . 
  the one thing that is good about the whole thing is that the second half focuses on both israelis and palestinians who are cooperating in a peaceful protest effort to promote the cause of peace . 
  for once it 's nice to read something so heartening ... ( that 's why i upvoted despite the clickbait title ), 
  edit : wow , i wrote a comment that criticises the arabs , does not criticise israel and talks about the positivity of israelis and palestinians engaging in cooperative , peaceful demonstrations and * still * get downvoted !, 
  i wonder if it 's really that pro-israeli redditors are so insecure that they simply can not bear to have their propaganda analysed and debunked even when there is no criticism of israel present or if they 've just devolved so when they see anything that is n't entirely supportive they enter some kind of reflexive trance clicking the downvote button ? 
  ah i see , of course . 
  and they just did n't bother providing the actual details of those accounts because this fact is so self-evident that do so would be utterly tautologous - i mean they already said it in the title !, 
  `` death to arabs '' - such an original and witty rejoinder that * totally * avoids any of the above approbation being relevant to the jewish fb users who added that tagline ... 
  what ? 
  did you even read the article ? 
   in response , some israelis posted , `` death to the arabs '' on their profiles, 
  it 's literally right there . 
  did you even think before typing that comment , or was it just a reflexive mental spasm kind of thing ? 
  i mean , how is it excusing the palestinians ' actions to say that some israelis were just as bad ? 
  do you believe two wrongs make a right perhaps ? 
  if this is the deal then it 's very bad , but israel has been trying to derail * any * deal throughout the whole process and this is more than likely just another example of that . 
  let 's wait for the official announcement before listening too closely to the right-wing propaganda pushed by the times of israel maybe ? 
  of all the sources to get upset about concerning this issue ... 
  seriously people . 
  just because you can identify that as a pattern does n't mean the accusations within are not at least almost entirely valid ... 
  remember , the final option is * very * rare , with the frequency of each increasing the closer it is to the beginning of your list . 
  what ? 
  the murderer in question was acquitted ? 
  how does that `` make his [ / u/zach _ of_fables ] point '' , particularly the last point ? 
  if anything it correlates more closely to the 4th point about acquittal , although in reality it is more like the 3rd given the captain was not charged for the murder as such . 
  as i have said above , however ; being able to identify such a pattern in no way negates the validity of the accusations it contains in many , certainly a majority , of cases . 
  i think the referenced article affirms the pattern 's validity at least as much if not more than the pattern 's existence . 
  not * all * criticism of israel is invalid merely because it recurs just as not all criticism of israel is motivated by an anti-israeli animus , let alone by anti-semitism . 
  ( which is not to deny that some criticism certainly * is * purely anti-semitic in origin ... ) . 
  well the backstory is right here in the comments - her old dog had died the day before . 
  i guess op knew she would 100 % be onboard with a new puppy , probably down to choosing a lab . 
  meanwhile , in other news , the entire rest of the world continues its celebrations , entirely unperturbed ... 
  well that answers the eternal archaeological question about the racial characteristics of ancient egyptians : we 're they a black race , a white race or something in between ? 
  the answer is obvious now - they started out black and became whiter over time . 
  do you always talk in hashtags ? 
  is it a result of the complex communication challenges that must be inherent in a polygamous relationship , or did it evolve some other way ? 
  well good on netanyahu ( words i never thought i 'd see myself type !, 
  ) ; let 's hope this lasts and is n't just a short-term political gambit . 
  edit : now why downvote * this * comment ? 
  i actually praise netanyahu for an action that will hopefully bring greater stability to the region/situation and in doing so enable to peace process to advance !, 
  i did n't even quote any of the settlers ' responses , merely stated that i hoped this was n't another short term , cynical policy of convenience from netanyahu without even referring to his grievous history of doing such things ; i literally simply provided an unequivocal statement of support for the actions of the israeli state . 
  and still got downvoted ... 
  king canute is also famous as such ( the anglicised spelling ) for the story of him [ trying to turn back the sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_canute_and_the_waves ) ( done to demonstrate to his followers that there were limits to the extent of his powers , even as a mighty king ... not because he thought it would actually work ! ), 
  i wonder if under all that rust lies an [ ulfbert sword ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlfberht ) ? 
  it is from smack in the middle of the right period and was clearly a high status weapon . 
  i thought it was mutually intelligible with hindi ? 
  so surely the indian readers could largely understand urdu sledging . 
  or are the written forms less readily understood by speakers of the other ? 
  i did n't know that !, 
  so useless for sledging ( on reddit at least ! ), 
  ah , so completely useless for sledging on reddit !, 
  thx, 
  that 's a very reasonable explanation ; albeit the one i feared ... 
  it 's very disappointing that * many * people clearly ca n't think objectively on any level ; such inflexibility is ( obviously ) one of the major issues blocking the entire peace process , but it 's quite frightening that some wo n't even consider trying in a forum such as this where the whole point is the discussion . 
  thanks for taking the time to reply . 
  it 's a cricketing term for essentially abusing the other team , although the reality of it is ( usually ) not as bad as those words make it sound . 
  it 's like the reflexive downvoting - what does it achieve ? 
  it 's just a circlejerk . 
  i personally look to actually discuss the issues and am glad to see both moderate views and positive actions from either side ... 
  oh well , just as downvotes for criticising negative israeli actions do n't bother me neither do downvotes for recognising positive israeli actions and i 'm not about to start pulling punches in either case over being downvoted any more than i 'm going to start trying justify egregious terrorism/violence from either side . 
  wait - i 'm confused . 
  so we should help * isis * to combat * them * instead is what you 're saying , right ? 
  so the sledging in urdu * would * be mutually intelligible ? 
  or are different transliterations used to latin characters from the different scripts , so that a word that sounds the same in both hindi and urdu would look different in english ? 
  so , in other words , isis is kind of like trp , but for islam instead of dudes ? 
  maybe they planned on defaulting all along ? 
  it 's not like it has n't happened several times before in modern greece 's short history as a state ... 
  the war israel started ? 
  no i do n't believe they have paid reparations for that act of aggression either . 
  meanwhile israel lays claim to palestine on the basis of a ** 2000 year old ** , non-contiguous historical `` connection with the land '' !, 
   first president to be in office during such a massive explosion in communications capability . 
  i think that would perhaps be better phrased as that we 're in the middle of experiencing a massive explosion in communications technology than it 's the first time that has happened - a similar effect would have been felt when newspapers first became widely available , radio began to be broadcast and then again when television came on-air ... 
  each had an effect comparable to the internet for its era ; the main difference is that the internet is entirely decentralised and therefore impossible to control , unlike print , radio and tv which each - to greater or lesser extents - have inherent barriers to entry . 
  for example , [ abraham lincoln had his own newspaper ] ( http://observer.com/2014/11/abraham-lincoln-as-media-manipulator-in-chief-the-150-year-history-of-corrupt-press/ ) and was able to exert pressure over other publishers in an era when it required specialist equipment and significant capital to publish and distribute a newspaper .
