  i do realise that technically the zealots were enemies of the pharisees and rabbinical judaism descends from the pharisees , not the zealots , but nonetheless the sicarii were jews who studied the torah ( as is one definition of a rabbi ) who went around stabbing people ; ergo stabby rabbis . 
  i like playing on words and the visual rhyme worked in that regard . 
  anyway , it was intended as a comment on the cyclical nature of violence , not an academic treatise on the ancient history of syria palestina ( as the region was then ) . . 
  it seems to go over most people 's heads ( i 'm a bit of a history buff ) though so do n't beat yourself up too much over missing the reference . 
  it also predates the stabbing intifada by some time , being nearly two years old now . 
  ftr , i do not think violence against israelis is any more acceptable than violence against palestinians . 
  only visible post facto when who knows what else has happened in between , in a odd looking position ... 
  but yes , your point is duly noted and i have edited my comment to reflect your concern . 
  the funny thing is it 's almost always seps who talk about that `` ameristralia '' bullshit and how we 're like brothers ; they seem to have a greater need for a national identity that coopts ours than the other way around . . 
  i hope that does n't happen to israel , but the crusaders states ( the closest historical analogue to israel in all but details ) only lasted a couple of hundred years . 
  if the us reduces its support for israel and the arabs stop their infighting who knows what might happen to israel ( not this year , or next , but so time in the next 150 odds years ) then though ? 
  seconded . 
  it can be very black humour too , but damn it is * funny * !, 
  there 's some pics of her with debbie harry where they both look really hot . 
  depends on when , but i think she was definitely a hottie . 
  for once i agree 100 % with the views of that hateful bigot smotrich , and his cronies is the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ * party * . 
  netanyahu : please listen to this honoured member of the knesset and issue that `` fuck you america '' declaration stat . 
  the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ * party * is massively over represented in netanyahu 's cabinet relative to the number of knesset seats they hold , particularly within the massively influential inner `` security cabinet '' that takes most of the regime 's significant decisions . 
  out of seven tjhp mks , no less than four are ministers or deputy ministers and two sit in the security cabinet . 
  this makes them one of the most influential factions in the current regime coalition and ergo the knesset as a whole . 
  by the same token they clearly count among netanyahu 's most valued cronies . 
  smotrich 's views are entirely in line with those of his fellow thjp members too . 
  so claiming their views represent israel is not nearly as much of a stretch as you so very disingenuously try to paint it . 
  it is your comment that is shameless imo . 
  op did not editorialise the * article * , context was merely added to the * title * . 
  `` influential israeli regime figure '' would have been more precise than just `` israel '' certainly , but the contraction was in no sense more ( and actually perhaps less ) dishonest than your effort to divert attention from the article 's contents . 
  israel is * not * a myth , do n't stress . 
  lucky op captured it for posterity , until next time someone makes the edit . . 
  were n't these pistol much favoured by cloak and dagger types ? 
  hmmm , has n't been removed yet . . 
  seems it 's mainly your and your colleagues ' knickers in a twist about the addition of a single word to clarify context , but maybe the mods will get around to it . 
  in any case , imho , * your * commentary is considerably more dishonest in both content and intent . 
  of course i 'm sure you disagree , but i can cope with that . 
  just as you shall have to learn to cope with people holding opinions at variance with your own , when you leave your pro-israeli echo chamber safe spaces anyway . 
  if you do n't want to die in the midst of apoplectic fit at least mate . 
  since you ask , i think this is deplorable too . 
  anything which helps reduce tension is positive imo , eg strengthening intercommunal links by visiting during a holiday ; conversely anything that heightens them , or works against that is negative ( again imo . . ) : this action of the pa is clearly negative . 
  believe it or not , i 'm not against israel per se , or israelis , whatsoever . 
  i genuinely support the right of israel to exist in peace , enjoying self-determination - i just believe the palestinian people possess the same natural human rights as the jewish people . 
  i must admit i only just woke up ( here in australia ) , but when i get to flicking through the news , if anyone is arguing this is entirely justified i will be arguing it 's counterproductive in the same way , albeit to a somewhat lesser extent , as terrorism by stab attack , shooting or bomb ( or terror bombing by idf jets for that matter ) is . 
  after all , it 's hypocrisy i rail against more than anything so i 'm not going to start being a hypocrite about shit like this . 
  the pa is far from a perfect institution , as well know , and that ca n't be excused by saying `` well at least they 're not hamas '' . 
  it 's important to understand the immense difficulties they face though and to try to encourage improvement ( just as it is wrt the israeli regime ) as it 's the government that 's in place . 
  because for there to be peace , a functioning government is the most basic of requirements . 
  as an australian who enjoys visiting europe , this is great news . 
  there are always going to be seppo tourists around , but the fewer trump supporters the better . 
  so thanks shakira , and rick steves . 
  ( i think , idk who that is , but thanks for this at least ! ), 
  i did n't read that as being what he said at all ; how i interpreted his comment is that the colonies are inhabited by jewish settlers , *** not *** israeli arab settlers . 
  he 's not wrong either - i am aware that a handful of arab israelis have chosen to live in wb colonies , but the overwhelming majority of settlers are jewish . 
  obviously i ca n't speak for him , but that is the logical inference from what he wrote . 
  fwiw , imo if an israeli arab wishes to live in the wb they should be allowed to do so on the same terms as israeli jews ( any jews in fact ) * should * : as a citizen of palestine , not israel . 
   we 're talking about why palestinians should be jailed for breaking bread with the enemy on a holiday . 
  enemy soldiers in ww1 have done more than that without jailing . 
  this is the crux of it : providing support to the settlers may well count as treason in the eyes of the pa , but this is scarcely providing support . 
  if the pa remains as utterly intractable as incidents such as this suggest , then israeli peace efforts ( such as there are ) will fail anyway . 
  both sides need to recognise that as well as being political opponents , the other side are humans like them too . 
  the shortest way to agreement is cooperation , not violence , and without any interaction cooperation is self-evidently impossible . 
  in israel , sure . 
  they are not the occupiers in the wb though , so , as you well know , the suggested argument is reductio ad absurdum . 
  sure , the issue should be one of citizenship and not ethnicity/race/religion , or however one wishes to define the difference between arabs and jews . 
  ( it 's difficult choose a word to encompass the subtleties of these definitions as there are so many conflicting povs surrounding whether `` jew '' is an ethnicity or a religion , while `` arab '' is also a cultural identifier as much as an ethnicity - eg an arab from morocco is not necessarily ethnically homogenous as an arab from say an arab from somalia or oman - and palestinian arabs may of course be either christian or muslim . ), 
  this is the pa 's publicly stated position btw , that once a palestine has been properly established jews may live in palestine * as palestinian citizens * . 
  i thought that ( ie the answer to your question , that arab israelis should be treated exactly the same way as jewish israelis ) was was pretty clear in what i already wrote , though if i failed to properly clarify my views in the last comment hopefully this one redresses that failure and my opinion is now properly enunciated . 
  i can show you multiple un resolutions , but of course pro-settler israelis do n't recognise them due to the un being big meanies who just hate israel . . 
  to prevent just this type of deadlock though , would n't an agreement that clarifies the settlements ' legal position be beneficial for the current settlers , in settlements that are not going to be surrendered in any land exchange , though ? 
  would n't it be better for them to forego potential future expansion to consolidate what has already been taken ? 
  why then is there such resistance to such clarification among settler groups and lobbyists ? 
  yes , that describes the situation , but it does n't change what i had to say : if we look past semantics and charades , the people of palestine are not truly under the control of their elected officials , but rather live under israeli military rule . 
  the flip side to that is that the israeli government was elected , but not by everyone it rules over ( by its own choice and admission ) . 
  so a democracy for some , but not for all . 
  [ source article from the aviationist ] ( https://theaviationist.com/2016/10/21/top-gun-reloaded-f-14-tomcats-take-off-for-night-missions-few-days-ago-in-iran/ ) . 
  these pictures are apparently ( according to the linked article ) from only a few days ago . 
   israel does n't dictate pakestenian elections, 
  ftr , it 's just * pakistani * , not `` pakestanian '' . 
  you 're otherwise perfectly correct though . 
  while israel does provide some military equipment to india ( pakistan 's enemy ) , so far as their elections go ( as far as we know . . ) israel has very little , if anything at all , to do with pakistan 's government . 
  happy, 
  this is it :, 
   a four-man team of marines simulate in infiltrating a beachhead to gain information about the enemy and its adjacent beaches to help forecast a ` ship-to-shore ' landing operation as seen in the 1985 2nd force reconnaissance company , ii marine expeditionary force , mcb camp lejeune , nc image above ( from right to left ) team leader lcpl james scwarhz , lcpl lawrence gentile , cpl michael norton and lcpl samuel marquet . -- example of green operations . 
  article source of text above : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_marine_corps_force_reconnaissance, 
  image source ( with links to other relevant articles where the image has been used : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:marine_force_recon_-001-.jpg#mw-jump-to-license, 
  i really like the canberra - both the raaf b. 20s ( which had the same shape nose and canopy as this a model martin built example ) and the later b-57bs / b-57gs ( with tandem crew seating ) performed extremely well in vietnam , with an excellent reputation for bombing accuracy . 
  the b-57gs with all the night-bombing sensors in the nose look pretty mean too : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:martin_b-57g.jpg, 
  looks like one of the usaf qf-4e full-size targets which are now being flown by the usaf heritage flight in sea ( vietnam war ) colours , judging from what can be seen of the scheme . . 
  just a guess though , i could be wrong . 
  oh , you 're one of * those * people are you ? 
   high culture, 
  i see what you did there . . 
  that , and what we can see of the paint on the landing gear cover ( including positioning of the tail number ) , was what made me think heritage flight . . 
  difficult to quantify , my fridge always seems to be at least half full purely of different cheeses yet i have still never reached the `` too much '' point . . 
  yes , as pointed out elsewhere a number of anti-palestinian groups have been removed too . 
  this is part of an effort to remove all such extremist , bigoted and pro-violence content . 
  chicken rice is damn nice . 
  so what you 're saying is that the un rulings * do * count when israel likes them , but ( justifiably ) * do n't * when israel does n't like them ? 
  and that does n't seem hypocritical , or at least like a blatant double-standard to you ? 
  henley-on-thames ? 
  training ground in germany . 
  the source is on my work pc , but i can post the source/get more detail tomorrow if you 're interested ? 
  i would n't be surprised , i doubt the germans were picky about where they got their aluminium .
