  what is the problem with ignoring this law as the settlement laws have been ? 
  i only suggested that breaking another law would scarcely matter in the midst of those already being broken and it is entirely disingenuous to claim israel does n't treat the palestinians humanely because they 're concerned about breaking laws !, 
  it 's a ridiculous assertion - there are many reasons israel inflicts such a harsh regime upon the palestinian native inhabitants of the land they are colonising , but i am quite sure a concern for the niceties of international law is at the very bottom of the list - if it is on it all . 
  there is some truth in the second half of your final paragraph , but the rest of your argument is sophistry that ignores the fact that international law - all law in fact - draws its authority from a consensus and thus your unilateral israeli decisions carry no weight . 
  the israeli courts may be technically independent of other branches of government , but can scarcely be held to be remotely impartial . 
  accordingly even if they do hand down these unilateral decisions there is no reason for * anyone * to pay heed to them - least of all the palestinians , who do still have some say in the matter despite all of israel 's might and fury . 
  every other country 's interpretation holds that israel is acting criminally at the same time as israeli politicians boast of their disregard for the international community 's opinion , so while you claim the unsc is biased the international counter claim is that israel is like a recalcitrant child who wo n't accept any authority . 
  in the end the loopholes and technicalities that you hold so dear will hopefully be rendered utterly irrelevant by events - events that the process under discussion here will hopefully shape , and soon . 
  israel may not accept international law when only opinions back it , but hopefully the nation 's leaders will prove more reasonable once sanctions are applied . 
  we shall see . 
   international law draws its authority from the acquiescence of the signatories of each law . 
  yes , that what was what i meant . 
  right , so there 's no conflict because the palestinians do n't have the right to be involved in one . 
  i think you 've said quite enough , your position is more than clear . 
  whether i consider it burying your head in the sand or not is immaterial . 
  as for sanctions , i would have to say the same thing : clearly you have your own beliefs held regardless of what anyone else says . 
  how often must israel 's allies express their position on the illegal settlement ( ie condemnation , the key word they use the `` illegal '' ) before you will accept that the world really does consider israel 's behaviour illegal ? 
  not doing so can only possibly be wilful ignorance . 
  it is very apparent to me ( as a reasonably well educated and informed moderate , centre-right , westerner myself ) western attitudes are hardening and there is very little support for israel 's position among western populations . 
  circumstances change and the extended nature of the occupation has dramatically changed the perceived moral relativity of the positions held by israel and the palestinians on the conflict , to israel 's detriment . 
  or in simple words : it 's now been going on too long and that is hardening western attitudes towards the occupation and conflict . 
  as i said before we will just have to wait and see . 
  neither of us are going to sway the others opinions and as a result i am not , tbh , particularly concerned with what you personally believe . 
  other people can make their minds up about what we 've written and we can continue our conversation as events unfold . 
  edit : trimmed the fat, 
  doner kebab is actually called doner kebab because of the very good chance the kebab will be followed by thunderous discharges . 
  puff the magic dragon . 
  idk if this is supposed to be some kind of joke , but if it is i can tell right now that it 's not funny * at all * !, 
  i have seen tourists die in agony because they `` did n't believe in drop bears '' and took stupid risks walking under trees to demonstrate their bravado . 
  this is very irresponsible . 
  the phrasing sounds almost like he 's proud of his son - honestly who refers to a rape as `` action '' ? 
  what 's he like in private ? 
  `` that 's my boy - getting some action . 
  alright ! '', 
  nasty . 
  i believe it already has , albeit with regional differences . 
  for example , in germany they call themselves * reichsb\u00fcrger * ( `` reich citizens '' ) , with the movement being known as [ reichsb\u00fcrgerbewegung ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichsb%c3%bcrgerbewegung ) . 
  * their * special beliefs are grounded in the notion that the present german state is not legal and that they are actually subjects of the pre-nazi weimar republic - hence they refuse to acknowledge the legal authority of the german government , pay them taxes and all the usual guff . 
  they 're gay friendly too !, 
  do n't forget that . 
  israeli is easily the most liberal and tolerant extreme-right-wing , cryptofascist nation in the me . 
  so legalising weed excuses the brutality of the occupation and illegal colonisation of the west bank in your eyes ? 
  smh . 
  and people claim weed does n't damage intellectual capacity ... 
  the defense of their homeland was already justified by israel 's existence as a country , which , like any country , has the right to defend itself against missles being launched into its cities , would you not agree ? 
  what does the illegal colonialism seen in the wb have to do with israel * defending * itself ? 
  of course israel has the right to self-defence and ongoing self-determination , but imo the colonies significantly damage israel 's security as one of the most inflammatory aspects of the israel-palestine conflict . 
   the colonization needs to stop , but last time it did ( see colony exodus 2006 ) the emptied areas were used as more forward locations from which to launch rocket attacks into israel ( a little known fact for those of you that support palestinians ) . 
  `` of course the colonisation should stop , but ... '' personally i do n't think that statement needs any `` but '' . 
  have you considered the correlation between the colonisation and the conflict ? 
  the circumstances of the 2006 conflict are much more complex than `` the israelis left from the goodness of their hearts and the evil palestinians rushed straight in to launch rockets '' and to attempt to reduce matters to that is ridiculous . 
   people tend to look at the two sides as two forces of equal value to the world where one oppresses the other, 
  yes , i must admit i do see all people as possessing the same innate value as any other person . 
   i see a group of religious fanatics clinging to religion as a justification to hurt and kill innocent civilians under the guise of victimization . 
  are you referring to the current israeli regime when you write this ? 
  that is * exactly * how i would describe the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ party , currently second only to likud ( the party formed by notorious irgun terrorist menachem begin to carry on irgun 's legacy ... ) in terms of power and influence in israel . 
   paired with the right of israel to exist and defend itself i see no reason they should n't be actively supported by the entire world . 
  what about the right of palestinians to self-determination and physical safety ? 
  or even existence for that matter , considering the openly stated support for ethnic cleansing and even genocide by members of netanyahu 's cabinet such as naftali bennett and ayelet shaked ? 
  whilst your views are cute , they are scarcely balanced or reflective of the entire situation . 
  progressive societies are not those that let you smoke pot even as they carry out appalling , racially determined abuses of human rights ; on any scale of moral relativism the right to get high is massively less significant that the right to self-determination so long denied the palestinian people . 
  the rt streaming video channel is pretty funny , if you ever feel the urge to suck up some high-production-value propaganda . 
  they have channels that mimic the bbc , and others which are carbon copies of us cable news channels . 
  with either you could almost get sucked in , until a jarring throwaway line about how evil nato is , how wonderful is mr putin or something similar breaks the illusion . 
  it 's good for a slightly discomfiting laugh , if not much else . 
  what i always wonder when watching it is how do the obviously western ( us and uk ) presenters end up working as russian propagandists and wtf do they do afterwards . 
  i mean if there were even a little more tension would n't their jobs be borderline treasonous , and surely that ca n't look good on one 's resume , right ? 
   while i can take my government and international relations degree and tout it here longer , i wo n't . 
  straight in the r/iamverysmart bin with you my friend . 
  i think your views are ill-informed due to the gross bias you clearly hold blinding you to the nuances of the situation . 
  despite not having paid someone to educate me in history i would be pretty confident that i do , in fact , possess an understanding of the conflict , its history and its political roots quite equal to your own ; especially given the extent to which your `` understanding '' seems to have blinkered you to anything that does not fit in with your ideological beliefs . 
  this was immediately apparent to me as soon as a read this gem :, 
   it is , in my mind , a fact that regardless of israeli action , colonization or not , response to attacks or not , palestinian terror groups will attack israel, 
  may i first point out that if you have to qualify a fact as existing in your own mind , it may * not * , in fact , fit in with the generally accepted definition of what a fact actually is ? 
  semantics aside , why do you think the palestinians would be any different from the zionists in this regard ? 
  before the creation of the israeli state , zionist terror groups such as irgun and the stern gang ( aka lehi ) wrought havoc throughout palestine as they sought to carve out a zionist state ; however , once statehood was achieved the terrorism ceased . 
  it is my * belief * that the same dynamic would play out with the palestinians . 
  obviously you would not agree with this as it requires viewing the palestinians as possessing humanity equal to that of the israelis , something you are clearly loathe to accept ; however , numerous conflicts and their aftermaths bear out that this is the most likely outcome ( despite the palestinians being largely - gasp - * muslims * ! ) . 
  i could continue to pick you ramblings to pieces item by item ; however , you have clearly demonstrated both a complete lack of interest in further dialogue and an unsettling degree of bigotry so i am perfectly happy to let the rest lie in the steaming pile you originally dumped it out as . 
  edit : it 's also interesting that despite your ( admittedly self-awarded ) expert status you seem to be completely unaware that the jewish home are , by their own admission and using their own nomenclature , a * religious nationalist * political party ; leading to you accusing me of a `` shitty attempt at trying to overlook the secular nature of israel '' when i discuss their position in the current israeli regime ... 
  how * ironic * . 
  those staring eyes are quite unsettling ... 
  family history * is * interesting , but this guy is literally claiming descent from ( mythical/norse legend ) * vikings * ( tv show ) character ragnar lothbrok ... 
  as are what seems to be a surprising number of other posters in the thread , ha ha ha . 
   [ other commenter ] 100 % irish dating back to the early 1700s ? 
  that is highly improbable . 
  you 'll most likely have english , scottish and welsh blood in considerable amounts . 
  sometimes i get the impression that americans are more irish than even the irish . 
    [ op , ie ragnar 's descendant ] i meant 100 % in terms of early ancestry and origin . 
  obviously we 've married into other cultures since the family came to america ( for instance , my mother 's side of the family is ashkenazi jewish ) . 
  i 've never caught * redacted tonight * , but i 'll keep an eye out . 
  i only ever watch rt for shits n ' giggles - i just find the combination of really slick western production values and presenters trying to mask their purpose while randomly inserting blistering attacks on the west or paeans to putin absolutely hilarious ( and surprisingly captivating ) viewing ... 
  rendang breath ? 
  with little pieces of dried anchovy and peanut in my beard ... 
  seriously though , i * love * me a good , traditional rendang . 
  in fact , that was my dinner only the night before last , but i am already quite ready to revisit the restaurant i bought it from . 
  that depends on the burgers . 
  my favourite place does 500g ( ~ 18oz ) patties and i can only manage one of them . 
  if you 're talking little sliders , on the other hand , then it 's a different story !, 
  tl ; dr it depends .
