  [ seppo ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=seppo ) . 
  fangs !, 
  oh , that 's * not * a typo . . 
  the real typo is where it says `` chicken '' . 
  i thought library was a pretty universally understood word !, 
  may i say this is * exactly * the kind of thing i expect sa to lead the nation on ? 
  because it really is . 
  access/opportunity while drunk at a guess - they are friendly and to be found everywhere on rottnest . 
  that , coupled with the individuals committing the attacks ' natural fucked-in-the-headedness ( which must surely be a prerequisite . . ) is sadly probably enough . 
  please do n't come to australia, 
  i would say we can , yes . 
  i love pannacotta ; my favourite dessert by far !, 
  that really is an excellent documentary , and i would second recommending anyone interested in the region/conflict to watch it . 
  what ? 
  no , aboriginals are n't routinely aborted/raped/sutteed . . 
  i would say - [ based on genetics ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/genomes-link-aboriginal-australians-to-indians-1.12219 ) - the closest thing to be an aboriginal in australia is being an indian full stop , not an indian woman . 
  bill leak was simply commenting on social issues , as per his role in society . 
  like how the cane toads helped keep bugs off the sugarcane !, 
  i disagree . 
  this is all pure whataboutism . 
  i dare say i actually do know more about the lives of australian aboriginals than does someone from india ; likewise , as i am of british descent , there is little you can tell me about india either . 
  i just reported you for calling me a troll mate . 
  if you ca n't stay civil then there 's nothing to talk about . . 
  wow , you * really hate it * whenever anyone dares hold any opinion that differs even slightly from your own , do n't you ? 
  and your immediate go to is the ad hominem attack . 
  or , if i may paraphrase :, 
   i know you are , but what am i ? 
  yeah , great comeback mate . 
   i know you are , but what am i, 
  again ? 
  go on mate , you jog on now , we 're done here . . 
  smh . . 
  well , not my * personal * empire . . 
   far reaching consequences for them , and society , i can already see this being used in the fight against weed . 
  wow , * that * is your issue with this ? 
  i can just imagine your exact thoughts : `` this is going to set the legalisation struggle back literally days , days i tell you !, 
  wo n't someone think of the stoners ! '', 
  i think weed should be legalised , but honestly , the implications for that * never * crossed my mind when i read this . 
  have you been diagnosed as a psychopath ? 
  in all honesty , i really think you should go see a psychiatrist . 
  and please do n't contribute anything to any effort to get weed legalised - the last thing that needs is to be tainted by association with you mate . 
   never heard of butter chicken . 
  what ? 
  really , or are you being sarcastic ? 
  thanks labor !, 
  for introducing the cane toad that is , under notorious labor politician joseph lyons . . 
  have you never been to a curry restaurant ? 
  i ca n't believe there is a single indian restaurant ( outside india ) that does n't have butter chicken on the menu . . 
  it 's a * very * popular curry , pretty mild , but tasty . 
  edit : except vegetarian indian restaurants , natch, 
  . . and if you do n't tell her that every day she will burst your head open like an overripe watermelon, 
  similar , but not the same . 
  iirc chicken tikka masala is actually a british curry , in that rather than being a traditional indian dish it was first served in uk restaurants ; butter chicken otoh * is * a traditional punjabi curry . 
  i think butter chicken uses more butter , whereas chicken tikka masala uses more spices ( masala ) - both use many of the same ingredients though . 
  lol ? 
  girlfriends ? 
  pros : no marmite ? 
  at least they have that going for them . 
  i like you too , and very much approve of your pro-vegemite agenda . 
  *** everything *** is better with more vegemite . 
  especially spread nice and thick , i hate how so many people say `` you have to have it with lots of butter and spread thin '' . 
  imo that 's * entirely * wrong . 
  spread it think . 
  much better . 
  oh yeah , i do n't disagree with lots of butter at all - just the thin vegemite part . 
  not a waste , it 's fucking worth it . 
  for espresso coffee anyway , not that drip crap septics drink ofc . 
  the usual suspects, 
  are curries not popular where you live ? 
  in australia most people eat curry , at least occasionally , while in the uk it 's considered the national dish . 
  both places i have lived it would be significantly more remarkable for someone to not have at least tried curry than eating it is . 
  we call them full stops here . 
  one factor is that the eastern empire itself did n't suffer the same decline as the western did , at least not that early . 
  cities require a massive amount of infrastructure to support , primarily in terms of food , but also water and etc. 
  providing food to rome itself at it 's ancient peak required the granaries to be regularly filled with grain from africa - once that territory was lost ( and the med stopped being a `` roman lake '' ) the population could n't be fed . 
  the same dynamic existed throughout the empire - even just organising surplus production from local farms requires an economic system to be functioning properly at a minimum , not to mention safe and well-maintained roads . 
  water was often supplied via massive public infrastructure projects such as the aqueducts , which required a huge investment and level of engineering skill to maintain . 
  australian . 
  may i just point out that english speakers would say `` expert on '' rather than `` expert of '' in the context above , ie i am an expert * on * india , not an expert * of * india ( which would imply i am indian ) . 
  english is a tricky language , i know , and generally you are pretty easy to understand , but thought you might appreciate a hand with that . 
  where is that ? 
  there are lots of indian immigrants in the states too though , are n't there ? 
  is curry becoming more popular ? 
  what about thai curries ? 
  i have been very patient polite with you mate , and yet - despite having your earlier comment removed by the mods - you persist with your rudeness . 
  i did n't change the subject , i addressed your comment and then subsequently merely tried to offer you a friendly helping hand . 
  i disagree with your interpretation of the meaning , and i honestly think once you have learned english adequately you will come to agree with my reading . 
  anyway i really am done here mate . 
  this kind of jejune surliness and ingratitude for help rendered ultimately led to the british leaving india to wallow in its own ghastly self-rule stew and i think it 's sad that it lingers to this day - it reminds me of an angst ridden teen being rude to his parents tbh . 
  similar to australia /, 
  the indians here also tend to live in the same parts of town , where restaurants and those great indian supermarkets ( so much cool stuff ) are then established around the community , which attracts more people to the area as more people immigrate from india . 
  i would imagine the same kind of dynamic exists in the us too ? 
  do people like it when you introduce them to it ? 
  i love curries - both south asian and east asian - and could n't imagine * not * eating it . . 
  i 've eaten butter chicken in uk restaurants quite often though , so it 's not really unknown . 
  whether called by the indian name or the english it 's still the same dish . . 
  my mistake then , sorry . . 
  someone pour that man a guinness !, 
  i find him absolutely hilarious tbqh . 
  log out , then look .
