  however , idk it 's them we ought to feel bad for . . 
  it is literally about sabra and shatila and the idf 's role in the massacre . . 
  those are just the us weapons system analysis centres . . 
  german weapons system analysis centres . . 
  smoosh !, 
  wow , you do n't sound unstable * at all * . 
  how the hell could her parent ; s have thought such a thing ? 
  oh well then , that 's * heaps * better . . 
  oh yeah , boo fucking hoo , poor widdle murderers eh ; how horrible having to remember their crimes against humanity . . 
  i guess if you do n't want to have nightmares then do n't commit war crimes though , right ? 
  or do these guys get a pass in your book ? 
  do * all * war criminals get a pass in your book mate ? 
  edit : read [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pity_the_nation ) if you are interested in a full account of the idf 's actions in lebanon , and the war generally . 
  the book . 
  not just the wikipedia article . 
  fisk is perhaps the most reliable commentator on the region as an independent , unbiased journalist who has reported throughout the region and its various conflicts for decades . 
  cat for scale ? 
  ah , the old temporarily disadvantaged millionaire fallacy - unless the linked op is actually part of the 1 % then they are suffering from the growing divide more than any `` welfare queen '' . . 
  that is temporarily though , of course , until they take their rightful place in the 1 % . 
  smh . . 
  dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb . . 
  bennett 's creeping annexation already seems to be accepted policy , so i doubt we 'll be waiting long . . 
  they were arvn/vnaf helicopters that were n't going to be kept anyway . 
  the fleet is mothballed , but a couple still seem to fly reasonably regularly . 
  they have been observed in the groom lake area ( area 51 ) recently on more than one occasion . 
  it 's * thought * ( though nobody really knows , except the usaf guys doing it of course ) they are used to test radars and other stealth related technology due to their excellent shaping and well-known characteristics . 
  that should n't happen in this country mate ; i hope you are able to complete your studies and go onto enjoy a career in cs/it , in whichever role you seek . 
  i work as a solution architect , designing and developing software systems , and was able to do so even when i was ( luckily temporarily , though the prognosis was not for me to recover ) trapped in a wheelchair as a paraplegic . 
  of course i was already well-established in my career at that point in time ; however , the same principle will apply to you assuming you are able to complete your studies and transition to the workforce . 
  i know everyone 's circumstances are unique , but hope that my experience may give you encouragement , as having been in a somewhat similar situation to your own i have a huge degree of empathy for you . 
  all the best , good luck . 
  do n't let the buggers grind you down mate . 
  remember that the tough times * will * pass and life * will * improve . 
  hearing peoples ' kids refer to me as `` that man '' . . 
  sounds as though you are doing the right things to get into the industry , and ( importantly ) have the right attitude . 
  software engineering is not a 9-5 , mon-fri job insofar as one must accept constant reeducation and learning as an integral element of your career . 
  not just accept , but embrace - getting involved in oss , attending meetups and so on demonstrates you have that necessary interest and passion to be a good software engineer . 
  i really hope things go well for you mate . 
  do n't lose hope , please . 
  even when i was trapped in the wheelchair ( which , luckily , intense physio and good treatment at the time of my injury allowed me to escape . . ) , working developing software ( which is something i very much find to be an intrinsically satisfying activity ) let me escape its bounds to a surprising extent , if that makes sense ? 
  what about labor ? 
  they are equally as bad . 
  not saying `` the libs are alright '' , but it is not an issue confined to one side of the houses . . 
  or do you have a list of labor 's admissions of their own failures and shortcomings to hand ? 
  true, 
  fair enough, 
  the f-35 allows delivery of laser guided munitions from a tactical platform which was a gap in the f-22 / b-2 capability spectrum , so that makes sense . 
  however , i believe the testing function accounts for the sightings - why just fly two jets , why those two ? 
  who knows though , really ? 
  from what i have read , in terms of shaping for its size , yes . 
  however , i do n't have any kind of classified access , so it 's pure speculation . 
  take it with fwiw . 
  the idea it is very well understood from every range and angle , at various radar wavelengths , makes sense though - for testing things like radars , or coatings that would be useful . 
  again it 's speculation i have read though , so yeah . . 
  it shits me that a ) netanyahu has turned around and criticised both hawke and rudd for supporting `` a palestinian state that would not recognise israel '' ( front page of today 's australian ) when fatah/the pa have long since acknowledged israel & b ) how shorten immediately rushed to sycophantically assure bibi that labor was n't all big ol' meanies and he thinks israel under likud is a-ok ( interestingly citing previous meetings with bibi , presumably in israel - like so many of our pollies - as this is bibis first time inflicting himself on australia in person ) . 
  rudd also asked for an apology for israeli use of aussie passports for their assassins ' operations in third countries , which obviously was not forthcoming from bibi . 
  fuck that guy . . 
  edit : ugh , fuck autofuckup too . 
  i agree , but stopping israel bombing gaza and the west bank wo n't be quite that easy . 
  israel have , in the past , said they would respond to un peacekeepers stopping their attacks with nukes in the past . . 
  that is exactly right - nobody is saying give an inch of israel back , just stop israeli land-grabs of territory earmarked for the future palestinian state . 
  and the repeated attacks are simply defence/resistance against israeli aggression , grotesque human rights abuses and land theft . . 
  see how this argument goes ? 
  it 's pointless . 
  neither side is pure and perfect , both have done bad shit . 
  however , only israel is flagrantly and egregiously flouting international law and treaty , occupying the other and blocking any peace initiative . . 
  only israel has an illegal nuclear weapons program they threaten the world with too , for that matter ( eg when the world considers putting other countries ' troops at risk to help bring peace as un peacekeepers ) . . 
   israel wo n't give up the parts of the wb they are in . 
  right or wrong , this fact needs to be recognised if negotiations want to go ahead . 
  land-swaps are included in and accepted as an element of all peace proposals . . 
   this is of course ignoring hamas who controls the populace of gaza and has made it their policy to kill jews and destroy israel . 
  tbf , israel kills many thousands of times more gazan civilians than israeli civilians die ; israeli * keeps * breaking truces with little or no pretext ; israel deploys f-16s against gazan bottle rockets . . 
  it 's little wonder the gazans are a little bit grumpy with their wicked , bullying neighbours . . 
  i think removing jet fighters and nuclear weapons from the idf 's hands would be a significantly better alternative , personally . 
  yes , hamas blow a lot of hot air about destroying israel , but israel has already effectively annexed huge swathes of palestinian territory , has senior cabinet members outright calling for open annexation of palestine and daily undermines the viability of a future palestinian state with its land thefts , soooo , you know . . 
  let 's just say actions speak louder than words . 
   israel could stop building new settlements ( settlements are something i 'm vehemently against ) , but hamas will still be as vitriolic and violent as ever . 
  this is an assumption : israel has never ceased building settlements , so how hamas would react is an unknown . 
  palestinians are n't any less human than israelis you do know that , right ? 
  the palestinians are human beings , just like jews , or aussies for that matter , and claiming they are incapable of rational thought/action smacks heavily of extreme bigotry/israeli propaganda-apologia . . 
   whatever you say . 
  if you noticed in my original post - they have n't had elections in 12 + years . 
  i wonder what palestinians would vote for now if they could ? 
  so somehow that negates your bigoted view that palestinians are incapable of rational thought , does it ? 
  sorry , but i do n't get it . 
  i 'm not defending hamas 's terror attacks ftr - i deplore the slaughter of civilians by both sides . 
  imo an innocent israeli civilian dying is exactly as tragic as an innocent palestinian civilian being murdered by the idf . . 
  can you honestly say the same ? 
  technically it 's mossad death squads that have been proven to use aussie passports , not spies , but i have no doubt the spies do too . 
  it 's actually very well publicised/proven/known :, 
  there are plenty more sources out there too . . 
   the palestinian authority does currently pay a nice pension for murdered israeli citizens, 
  israel still pays * its * terror gang members pensions too - former stern gang and irgun terrorists who murdered british civilians , palestinians and jews alike . 
  [ jabotinsky is the most popular street name in israel ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-3476622,00.html ) - he , in case you are n't aware , was the vile terrorirst leader of irgun , responsible for the horrific king david hotel bombing atrocity as well as many other evil acts . . 
  israel has never condemned nor punished these evil men , in fact many israelis positively hero worship them . 
  so tell me again , why are the israelis so great and the palestinians so evil ? 
  seems both groups could behave better to me , both are equally reprehensible in certain aspects - but , otoh , both are equally human . . 
  your bigotry is offensive to me , i am going to finish up here - enjoy the last word , mate . 
   edit : this went +3 to -7 in an hour ... yay brigading !, 
  ummm , i think actually it 's just that people here do not believe your bigoted attitudes towards palestinians are contributing to the discussion .
