  the zionist terrorists and above mentioned palestinian force * had * been fighting pre-invasion by the other arab states , but the palestinians did not instigate the '48 war that led to the nakbah . 
  just because you do n't * like * what i have to say does n't make it wrong . 
  calling me, 
   a pathetic parody account, 
  is attacking me not my argument . 
  as for whether any palestinians fought , that 's irrelevant as to whether they * instigated * the war . 
  in any case if you were better at reading comprehension you would have taken in that i already discussed the palestinians who did fight and made no claim that no palestinians fought whatsoever . 
  how is anything i 've * ever * said anti-semitic ? 
  love your efforts to patronise me btw . 
  at least i got a good laugh out of reading your comment . 
  edit : spelling, 
   i quite clearly attacked your argument , you have still been unable to respond . 
  we were discussing who instigated the '48 war , not every individual who fought in it . 
  the palestinians did not persuade the arab nations to attack ; they took that decision quite independently of the palestinians who at the time possessed no political body or military force capable of starting a war with israel , let alone drawing all of those other arab countries into it . 
  so no , you did not attack my argument , but rather began a new , very tenuously related argument instead . 
  as for being unable to respond not only did i point that failure to address the actual argument out already , but i also addressed your `` bizarro '' version of the original argument when i discussed the palestinian militia - the army of the holy war - in some detail and their conflicts with zionist terrorist gangs irgun and the stern gang ( aka lehi ) that consisted of attacks and counter-attacks by both sides . 
  in one regard i should have been more clear in my original comment - when i stated that the palestinians living in israel did not attack the israelis i should have qualified that by saying * the vast bulk of palestinians * did not attack israelis ; however , as the figure for the strength of the army of the holy war is given as 1,308 and there were 1.2 m palestinians i did not feel it was necessary as the militia was therefore only 1/1000 of the palestinian population . 
  in that i was wrong as it gave you an opening to ignore the argument 's salient point about instigation and start off on your digression into participation . 
  as far as palestinians joining the arab armies i must admit i do not know whether they did or not , but strongly suspect they would not have been allowed to enlist in those armies as a ) they were national armies and arabs do not see themselves as a homogenous mass in the same way as the israeli narrative likes to paint them as & b ) the arab nations forbade the army of the holy war from recruiting new members during the conflict ( this is easily found within the wikipedia article on the army of the holy war or other books on the war if you are interested enough to read more than a couple of paragraphs ) . 
  however , as i have repeatedly mentioned , whether individual palestinians fought has * absolutely no bearing * on who * instigated * the war . 
  so , out of interest , how have i backpedalled in any way ? 
  in any case , even if you had in fact attacked my actual argument , calling me, 
   a pathetic parody account, 
  is still an ad hominem attack . 
  meanwhile you have continued unabated with your aggressive tone and pathetic efforts to patronise me . 
  yet again you seem to have failed to comprehend what i wrote - maybe your english comprehension skills are weak or maybe you just prefer getting hot under the collar instead of actually engaging in discussion ? 
  in any case , whilst your refusal to actually talk about what the conversation is actually about and correctly parse what i write ( although maybe that is an inability rather than a refusal ? ), 
  is frustrating , i do get some amusement from the way you write . 
  you make it so personal when it should just be a discussion about history and go so off topic that i get a good belly laugh reading your comments . 
  why do n't you try to read carefully and properly comprehend what i 've written if you want to reply again so you can come back with some kind of valid counterpoint instead angry non-arguments ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  22 deaths is already trivial compared to the number of palestinians killed by israelis , [ in fact between october and november of this year alone 94 palestinians were killed by israelis vs 16 israeli deaths from palestinian attacks ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/interactive/2015/10/mapping-dead-latest-israeli-palestinian-violence-151013142015577.html ) . 
  meanwhile , netanyahu tells the world `` i 'm open to peace negotiations , it 's the palestinians who wo n't do the right thing '' ... 
  remind me again , why is it that people [ israeli apologists ] claim it 's palestinians , not israelis who are guilty of ethnic cleansing ? 
  boy , did anyone else read the comments section of that article ? 
  they make the opinions we get subjected to here sound positively reasoned and objective . 
  ie the [ gazan gas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaza_marine ) that :, 
   israeli forces have prevented palestinians physical access to the resources available offshore . 
  is that the gas you mean ? 
  the more states that display the moral courage and rectitude to recognise palestinian statehood the better . 
  this is one of the best ways to put pressure on the israeli government and force them to behave morally by engaging the palestinians in genuine peace talks and seriously discussing such thorny issues as the punishment and expulsion of settlers from the wb , israeli reparations to palestine and etc. 
  what an insightful comment , brimming over with human compassion for an oppressed people under the jackboot of a brutal foreign army of colonialist occupation ... 
  you sir , are clearly a paragon of humanistic morality . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  exactly in the same way israelis only started to exist in in 1947 . 
  the people living in gaza and the wb clearly do * exist * . 
  whatever you , they or anyone else calls their nationality they are also clearly being oppressed by israel , a nation populated by foreigners - with * no * connection to the land in most cases - who have not only already taken much of the country the people living in gaza and the wb are the indigenous population of , but are now continuing their colonial land grab into what 's left . 
  ah , that 's what people will be saying about isis in 3000 years too . 
  they * were * pretty much just like isis . 
  i want a king . 
  so : `` they felt like it '' ? 
  have to be a pretty big island - there are over * 500,000 * illegal israeli settlers and they 're * all * kind of extremist to one extent or another . 
  anyone who thinks they can just take whatever they want for `` xxx reason '' is by definition an extremist . 
  except for `` where they please '' part , of course . 
  aboriginals reproduce like other humans - they do n't do burns so they can have babies . 
  they 're the exact same species !, 
  do you have to do a burn to impregnate your girlfriend ? 
  that 's just anti-australian propaganda . 
  i think he 's just a troll . 
  i think that depends on exactly which judaic religious texts you read ... 
  you mean the * really * creepy , right-wing ultra-zionists ' ranting and stuff . 
  gross . 
  many of these voices of reason exist within neturei karta and satmar hasidism communities both inside and outside israel . 
  hopefully eventually they are listened to by more mainstream israelis or at least a large enough critical mass of them forms to democratically take israel over so their belief system can be enacted . 
  so , to summarise , in response to the question `` who 's going to nuke mecca first , israel or iran '' , you 're saying `` israel will nuke mecca '' ? 
  i bet they have . 
  nothing the israelis have done or would consider doing surprises me anymore . 
  except the israelis have nothing to fear except the results of their own greed and bloodlust . 
  if they did nor oppress , they would not be resisted . 
  they did start all these issues by moving into land they have no right to because just they decided they wanted their own country . 
  if the jewish people had stayed in europe there 'd be no palestinian resistance to occupation because there 'd be no occupation . 
   the land they moved to was deserted, 
  er , no it was n't . 
  the people who lived there may not have had a palestinian nationality , but they existed . 
  to say they did n't goes far beyond even the level of racism required to say they have no right to nationhood . 
  your entire second paragraph is patently untrue . 
  why , if not to fight the indigenous population they were attempting to displace , did the zionists form the me 's first terrorist organisations - irgun and the stern gang/lehi ? 
  israel was formed post-wwii , which is also when most of the illegal zionist colonisation took place . 
  where , pray tell , exactly in europe were gas chambers still operating post-wwii ? 
  if you 're going to make stuff up , it helps to include * some * facts in with your lies . 
  it makes the whole mess sound more believable . 
  wtf ? 
  i do n't blame `` the jews '' for anything . 
  i disagree somewhat with israel 's disregard for international law and the concept of human rights , but do not deny israel 's right to exist . 
  where you got your little rant from i have no idea , but enjoy your paranoid delusions . 
  i bet they 're * fun * . 
  yep , he sure drunk the koolaid . 
  that was just bizarre . 
  he he . 
  i could just be wildly optimistic , but i doubt even netanyahu currently has plans to nuke mecca . 
  at least not while things are going so well with ksa ... 
  the population was 532,000 in 1890 . 
  you can read the rest . 
  your entire argument regarding the indigenous , native population of the land that has always been known as palestine ( since pre-roman times ) is based on lies and dissimulation . 
  idk where you get your delusions from , but * nothing * you state as face holds up as such . 
  you are entirely delusional . 
  the horrors of the holocaust were indeed the impetus for the un creating israel ( i 'm glad you can acknowledge that fact at least - many pro-israelis seem to think the un played no part ! ) . 
  i take exception to your accusation that i am a holocaust denier . 
  where did i * ever * say it did n't happen or that i think it was * a good thing * ? 
  again you are entirely delusional .
