  no , it 's not the white man 's burden to civilise you guys and india certainly had a rich culture long , long before then , has one now - and would have a rich culture had the raj never been . 
  the raj was not * entirely * negative though , and did bring some good to india along with the bad . 
  colonialism has no place in the modern world , but the modern world is heavily shaped by its legacy . 
  we ca n't know exactly how things would look now without it either , which is what i was primarily trying to get across . 
  the silk road , as the link you provided clearly shows , had many paths and routes . 
  india was significant , but so were many other places . 
  the main routes did not go through the subcontinent 's interior is , i guess , my main point from before . 
  ah , ok , that 's was n't my intention . 
  i did try to make clear that we discussing conjecture - of course india may well have ended up doing absolutely anything , we just do n't know . 
  that is my point - that we just do n't know and it 's impossible to say either way what would actually have transpired . 
  colonialism is certainly an outdated concept which the world has ( happily ) moved past , and i would not for a moment suggest it was entirely good nor deny that in many regards many it was really quite awful . 
  i definitely would not suggest that india would be better off today if it had not ended either and ( as much as i believe nationalism is often unpleasant and dangerous ) i can 100 % support indians ' pride in their modern nation , which is an entirely indian entity and better ( overall ) for being so . 
  people have the right to self-determination ; it is one of * the * fundamental human rights imo . 
  however , i believe it is a bit dishonest to claim it was * entirely * bad either and deny the positive effects it had, 
  meanwhile , in the real world ... 
  just got home from croatia . 
  can confirm her croatian nationality : many dalmatian women look a lot like her . 
  i 'm sorry , but , as an educated westerner , i think you will find that i , in actual fact , know more of the * truth * in these matters than you . 
  unblinded by cheap , atavistic nationalist sentiment , i am significantly better able to study , analyse and interpret the world 's history than anyone consumed by that insanity . 
  as you clearly are . 
  anyone who disagrees with you is a white supremacist neo colonial racist , is that it ? 
  that 's not what i was saying , and you know it . 
  mate , in australia it 's even bigger . 
  * heaps * fucking bigger . 
  i shit you not . 
  iran does n't have nukes and is n't claiming to . 
  israel is the only nuclear criminal state in the me . 
  if this was a story criticising the occupation of palestine all the pro-israelis would be saying `` you ca n't believe a site called *muslimpress.com * !!! '', 
  however , with * this * story , not only are we expected to believe it , we 're told it 's even worse than they wrote . 
  they 're threatening israel with nukes !!!, 
  of course you have better believe it !!! '', 
  good point about the sun . 
  that 's why i always litter . 
  bubble and squeak , or hash browns , have long been a component . 
  regional variations perhaps ? 
  -1 for knock-off sriracha , the imitators fulfill the same function , but never reach the same heights as the og ( original green [ top ] ) sriracha imo . 
  that minor quibble aside , this looks great . 
  i do n't have an example , but , if you think about it , an spa/webapi architecture inherently lends itself to cqrs , with the view models you pass through to your mvvm spa app being drawn from your read model , while the webapi uses your transactional command model behind it to make changes to the domain model ( assuming you are following the domain model pattern , of course , though cqrs pretty much implies you are ) . 
  if after every transaction you store a snapshot of your objects ' state to a denormalised read model as the final action in the transaction , then read those models from your controllers get methods you have effectively created your cqrs architecture . 
  i should think you could take * any * example and apply it as described above , merely by substituting whatever presentation layer api/tooling it uses for webapi ( and your js mvvm framework of choice ) . 
  this would be particularly simple from asp.net mvc examples , so perhaps work with those , simply replacing viewresults/partialviewresults with returned view models mapped from your read models , or by simply returning the read models if you do not have to do any further processing for display . 
  ( this is ok because the read models should be immutable from consumers anyway , only being able to be able to be changed by a command/event execution within the domain model . ), 
  in a traditionalist sense i can see your point , but i love chili with my eggs . 
  i absolutely slather my scrambled eggs with tabasco , it is a great combination , but for fried eggs a sriracha sauce is ideal . 
  no , that is not what i was saying . 
  i meant hash browns are sometimes substituted for the more traditional bubble and squeak . 
  for those who are n't aware what bubble and squeak is , it is ( usually , though variations are acceptable ) mashed potato and cabbage mixed together and fried up . 
  it 's traditionally made from left-overs from the previous night 's dinner , hence why variations are also still bubble and squeak . 
  i am not a gambler personally , certainly never even feeling tempted to play pokies at all , so this is not an issue which affects me directly , but i must say i absolutely loathe pokies . 
  as the article discusses they prey largely on the most vulnerable people in our society and can have a hugely negative impact on peoples ' lives . 
  i must admit i was quite shocked by the figures mentioned as i simply can not even imagine myself literally pissing thousands and thousands of bucks away sipping drinks and pushing buttons down my local . 
  i am very happy to live in wa , where we * do n't * have them in every bar , club or pub , but instead they are limited to the casino . 
  i do n't even mind that we pay extra for drinks and meals as ours are not subsidised by pokie takings , or that we lose out in gst because wa does n't collect gambling taxes unlike the other states . 
  the social cost is not something people are only just finding out about as it is quite widely known , but it 's always good when it receives more publicity , as with this article . 
  it 's worth remembering too that while the article covers the financial aspects in depth , there are also other resultant social ills , such as parents ignoring their kids to play which should also be considered as part of the issue . 
  or just butter is good even . . 
  i had an ex-gf who was russian whose mum used to make pelmeni and that got me hooked , though it has been waaaaay to long between dumplings for me . 
  brb , googling where i can buy myself some here now i do n't have anyone to make them for me ... 
  more than happy to . 
  link to the post please ? 
  yeah of course , sri racha is a place , right ? 
  it 's a style of sauce , but most people know and mean the huy fong version which has popularised the sauce , not only in america , but all over the world . 
  in australia all the asian restaurants ( and supermarkets ) have had bottles of the huy fong sauce for years and years , since well before reddit started , let alone the sauce became popular on the internet . 
  i 'm sure in thailand there are many marvellous variations ; however , ( in australia at least ) the huy fong sriracha is better than any of its imitators ( ie the sauces that are not * just * sriracha style , but are specifically trying to tap into huy fong 's market ) . 
  i mentioned the bottle in the picture because its labelling is very reminiscent of the huy fong style , leading me to think it is most likely one of the imitators . 
  sure - things like po ' boys , grits ( sounds , well , * gritty * if you do n't know what they are ... ) , biscuits with gravy ( most of our biscuits are sweet , snack biscuits - similar to what you guys call cookies ) , sloppy joes and etc all sound strange ( to my ears at least ... ) . 
  huh , they have electricity in sa . 
  til . 
  almost everyone is , so yeah , there 's a pretty good chance of that ... 
  it 's dreadful , that kind of stuff . 
  i have n't heard the word `` kurdaitcha '' , but i have had real bush aboriginals ( wongai from central australia , whose lands run from eastern westetn australia through to alice springs ) tell me about the feather foot man , which is the same thing reading the description . 
  the beliefs are still very much alive even if not practiced fully . 
  these guys also told me about a heap of other interesting beliefs , such as elders being able to sing to make people sick or better , make a girl fall for a man , or find water in the bush - stuff they have seen happen ... 
  likud still glorify * their * founders ' ( eg the notorious menachem begin , of irgun infamy ) terrorist attacks , what 's the difference ? 
  did you know people on the internet can , and do , lie about all kinds of things , including their age ? 
  so begin 's violence is just to be ignored then ? 
  how about [ the honouring of the king david hotel attackers with a plaque ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/1524552/israel-celebrates-irgun-hotel-bombers.html ) ? 
  [ how about jabotinsky being the most popular street name in israel ( let 's not forgot this terrorist 's close ties to italian fascism either ... ) ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-3476622,00.html ) ? 
  those terrorists contributed murder and mayhem . 
  until israel disavows begin , sharon , jabotinsky , shamir and the rest such questions as yours can only be viewed as either being incredibly delusional or entirely disingenuous . 
  as an aussie , i just want to tell you to fuck off , seppo . 
  how dare you make assumptions about subjects not under discussion , and use your ( false ) assumptions to call me names ? 
  i have said nothing about not being equally perturbed by palestinian celebration of murder as i am by israel ; however , that 's * not * what i have been discussing ( as i respond to your question ) . 
  jabotinsky was a leader of the irgun , how much more of a terrorist do you need an israel to be before you will say `` yes , they should * not * have murdered people in terror attacks '' ? 
  you just proved my point . 
  starbucks failed in australia too , i thought we were the only country where they had , but it 's good to hear israelis also possessed the good taste to ignore their `` coffee '' in favour of higher quality local vendors !, 
  crocodiles . 
  you just want to give them a big hug , but those teeth ... 
  knives ? 
  israeli right of `` return '' and palestinian right of return are somewhat different , in that the palestinians are actually hoping to return to homes they , or their immediate family , were expelled from . 
  see , the `` blue tax '' is real too !, 
  that 's smart , given the ongoing tussles over the south china sea ... 
  not like the philippines needs allies to help it enforce its claims there or anything , is it ? 
  i find hearing girls whisper `` hoots mon , i 'll do you , jimmy '' in indecipherable glaswegian patois incredibly seductive . 
  i remember that , and sincerely hope it does n't come to pass . 
  allowing pokies to gain revenue is pretty bloody shortsighted , as well as cynically predatory , imo at least . 
  many families whose finances are ruined by gambling will just end up needing state assistance in one way or another - be it financial or health-related it still ends up directly costing money , as well as the social burden and less easily accounted impact on productivity that depression , stress and etc causes . 
  it 's just nasty anyway . 
  i think most people , if asked , would agree society should keep striving to become better , not indulge in races to the bottom . 
  this would be a definite step in the wrong direction ...
