  if iranians are n't actually actively killing israelis then surely they fall into that pool of * imaginary * , rather than real , enemies as discussed right at the top of this seemingly interminable discussion ... 
  but , as previously discussed , hezbollah 's issues with israel are not driven by iran , but result from israel 's horrifying actions in lebanon : there is a degree of indirectness there between anything britain does or does n't do , which was completely lacking from israel literally handing over weapons to a country attacking britain directly , no ? 
  so it 's not really the analogy we 're looking for which justifies/excuses israel 's perfidy during the falklands war , is it ? 
  again , do you have any proof hezbollah have no independent will of their own and are mere iranian puppets ? 
  i 'm quite sure they would beg to differ . 
  i love the irony of someone arguing that israel does no wrong taking issue with `` nitpicking '' , when semantics are such a massive stock in trade the apologia business . 
  brilliant . 
  honestly , i could n't make this stuff up if i tried . 
  you flatter me , * this * is no effort at all . 
  again you make the mistake of assuming as it is for you , so it is for other , but you must remember i am not burdened with cognitive dissonance nor am i constantly trying to excuse the inexcusable . 
  simply pointing out facts from a position of intrinsic moral certitude is far simpler than your job . 
  i am glad you appreciate my work though . 
  yeah , i just looked up the thread until i saw it in place and agree , no butthurt in sight , until the linked op came on the scene . 
  the sas modified some l1a1s and l2a1s ( which were the fire-support version of the l1a1 and equipped with a heavy barrel , bipod and 30-round magazine , used like a bar or similar ) . 
  [ the sas then modified them for patrols such as the one pictured ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/l1a1_self-loading_rifle#australia ) :, 
   another interesting product of australian participation in the conflict in south-east asia was the field modification of l1a1 and l2a1 rifles by the special air service regiment for better handling . 
  nicknamed `` the bitch '' , these rifles were field modified , often from heavy barrel l2a1 automatic rifles , with their barrels cut off right in front of the gas block , and often with the l2a1 bipods removed to install a xm148 40 mm grenade launcher mounted below the barrel . 
  the xm148 40 mm grenade launchers were obtained from u.s. forces . 
  for the l1a1 , the lack of fully automatic fire resulted in the unofficial conversion of the l1a1 to full-auto capability by using lower receivers from the l2a1 , which works by restricting trigger movement . 
  yes , well it 's generally common international practice to stop arms deliveries to countries involved in a war rather than continue them . 
  if in your opinion the enforcement of an embargo is somehow less moral than the breaking of one ( such as first placed on argentina during junta 's mass murder campaigns , then extended when they invaded the islands ) then i 'm afraid i have no more to say to you as quite clearly the chasm that separates our perspectives , and morals , is much too wide to ever cross . 
  those american arms were also only sent after golda meier implicitly threatened to start a nuclear war , the infamous samson option , btw . 
  do you support such blackmailing of allies also ? 
  oh , so places like darfur and south sudan are n't under arms embargoes because of the ongoing conflict then ? 
  just as the former yugolslav countries were n't during * their * conflicts . . ? 
  the arms embargo on argentina was first imposed by the us , israel 's sugar daddy - even if there was no alliance with britain , the israelis should have respected that ally 's wishes , seeing as so much of their weaponry was by then of us origin . 
  as there was , as you say , no uk-israel alliance , britain was not obliged to support them in their war . 
  ultimately yom kippur was the fallout from the '67 six-day war of territorial aggression and israel should have been left to deal with consequences . 
  indeed non-interference was the moral stance in that conflict ; and the stance israel should have taken with argentina , instead of choosing to profit from open conflict . 
  the reason that the us started sending arms was the aforementioned israeli nuclear blackmail , but clearly you agree this was an acceptable course of action . 
  how far does israel have to go before you will accept they are as far from a paragon of virtue as one might find ? 
  go play your game , mate . 
  i would have to agree . 
  istanbul also sits astride europe and asia , both geographically and culturally and that gateway role has played very significantly throughout the city 's entire history irrespective of who her masters were at the time . 
  * one * bottle of scotch ? 
  i keep a mixed dozen . 
  with you on the headgear though . 
  what are your thoughts on a kind of deputy 's hat everyone else can do battle over , for instances where there are two wings , slices , drams or etc left ? 
  is n't the american spelling `` zpecializt '' anyway ? 
  israel as paragon of human rights virtue : that 's a new one . 
  lol , '67 may be widely recognised within israel as a `` pre-emotive defence '' or whatever nonsense apologia term you used , but most of the rest of the world recognises it as a war of territorial expansion . 
  even the us . 
  methinks you doth protest too much about palestine . 
  does the irony of your last two paragraphs not escape you ? 
  * you 're * the one supporting arms dealing as justified here , not me . 
  you go back to jerking off about those british soldiers being killed by israeli supplied weapons buddy . 
  nope , canadians and russians were in cahoots during the cw . 
  if it went hot canada 's job was to escort soviet bombers through norad , in return for which they were to be allowed to burn down the white house again . 
  ah queensland , never change . 
  do n't spread , but do n't change . 
  and removed the flash suppressors so it looked impressive too !, 
  looks like the guy second from left is carrying `` the bitch '' , great photo . 
  i think they are just pushing for the minimum number of types onboard the carriers , but seeing as they have the e-2ds anyway that argument does n't hold for the c-2 ... 
  the leaders of the idf , mossad and shin bet consistently seem to be considerably more honest and sane than their political masters , despite those organisations sinister reputations . 
  the symbiotic relationship between likud and hamas is quite apparent , so all in all nothing about this statement is particularly surprising ; however , i always like it when israel 's security apparatus 's chiefs do speak out . 
  such statements reassure me that there is , perhaps , some cause for hope within the israeli establishment . 
  netanyahu and lieberman aside , i think the rest of us are all hoping for a fatah victory , and that should it occur some positive change follows from within the palestinian government . 
  and that kids is why one does not use a * tent pole * to * pole dance * ... 
  that was absolutely hilarious . 
  huh , i remember more chicks in windows and drug dealers . 
  lucky to get away with taking that , do n't they hate people taking photos of the women ? 
  your partner 's exes , you do n't need to know details . 
  weed helps too , though of course ymmv . 
  collecting diecast models . 
  inverted siamese twin . 
  more common than you realise . 
  national socialism was a very specific ideology and quite distinct from the systems in the communist countries you mention , each of which was distinct in its details from the others too . 
  they are similar in that they are all authoritarian states with centralised , command economies , but it 's quite misleading to say they were all national socialist systems just with different names . 
  `` same same , but different '' as they say in thailand . 
  not straight up hip-hop , but fat freddy 's drop are kiwis who rap in their music and are very good . 
  completely unintelligible of course , like most kiwis , but you can still enjoy the music . 
  wanted : confirmation bias . 
  redditor seeking like-minded redditors to hopefully gift one large dose of confirmation bias . 
  have researched this topic , but can not find anything that agrees with my subjective opinion - you guys seem to know what 's really happening though so if you could just tell me what i want to hear i will happily give you my upvote !, 
  do you keep spelling ireland as * irland * deliberately for some arcane reason , or have you trained your autocorrect to mispronounce it for you ? 
  are you you german ? 
  really ? 
  well done for spelling every other word correctly , every time , then . 
  you 're not doing that badly considering . 
  i sometimes feel i 'm constantly fighting autocorrect , even occasionally pondering whether it the most ironically named product in the world , but i must admit that most of the time it 's actually very useful . 
  i had never considered the implications for people who are dyslexic , but it must be rather a boon . 
  i really never would have guessed ; please accept my apology if my initial reply sounded rude in context . 
  i was n't aware of them , but they look like a nice lightweight image host . 
  after performing the appropriate checks to make sure i 'm happy with it too i think i shall adopt their hosting too - you ca n't upload to reddit for images in comments very easily for one thing , and secondly i agree with your point/concerns regarding handing all the content over to reddit ( or any one company , nothing particular against reddit ) . 
  thx for the link , i will certainly give them a go . 
  this is an a-10c , as can be seen by the antenna behind the cockpit ( t shaped ) , and the fact it 's carrying those jdams . 
  it is assigned to the [ 23d fighter group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/23d_fighter_group ) , as can be deduced by it 's `` shark 's teeth '' nose art . 
  the 23d fg is descended from the famous 1st american volunteer group ( avg ) `` flying tigers '' of wwii fame and theirs are currently the only usaf aircraft authorised to wear shark 's teeth markings . 
  the 23d also carries ` ft ' tailcodes , reflecting its `` flying tigers '' heritage . 
  lol , this user seems to be a bot trying to build karma , check out the username and post history . 
  john travolta was absolutely dead in the water professionally at the time he was in * pulp fiction * ; that film restored his reputation and has allowed him to since then maintain a career since . 
  the usa is truly a land without any sense of irony . 
  i am very much the same , albeit mainly with scotch . 
  i scarcely ever get drunk even slightly , but really enjoy drinking nice scotch for the flavour . 
  i enjoy other types of alcohol too - wine , beer , different spirits - and partake in them also , though again it 's for the pleasure of the drink , not to get drunk that i partake . 
  why is halloween the same as xmas ? 
  because oct 31 = = dec 25, 
  i liked [ mingy and gary ] ( https://i.sli.mg/yid5oz.jpg ) . 
  couple of squid, 
  looks like a decent pie .
