  or equally extremist right-wing israeli nationalists . 
  more so even perhaps , given that even just your common or garden , basic ( ie not even full-blown extremist ) right-wing nationalists are generally pretty unpleasant ... 
  the manson family might be an illustrated example of your second group ; anarchist groups of the first ... 
  neither have great records it must be said . 
  i 'm afraid you 're right ; their response to zionist aggression was understandably prompt . 
  the very first groups in the middle-east that were created and organised purely to create terror were [ zionist groups such as hagganah , irgun and the stern gang ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/zionist_political_violence ) who began their terrorist campaigns against the british and local populations in palestine the moment the necessity of beating the germans in ww2 made the british respond to the realpolitik of the middle east during ww2 and temporarily limit jewish immigration . 
  this was despite the british [ balfour declaration ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/balfour_declaration_of_1917 ) being the first step towards the creation of a zionist state !, 
  that 's not really true though , is it ? 
  it 's another narrative that suits the israeli right-wing apologists : your comment is basically saying `` not all criticism of the israeli government is anti-semitic , it 's just that only anti-semites criticise the israeli government '' !, 
  i for one criticise the israeli government - the current right-wing , extreme nationalist , anti-two-state-solution likud government that is - vociferously at times yet i harbour no animus towards the people of israel , never even think that there should be no israel , never try to apologise or excuse terrorist acts against israeli civilians ( or jews anywhere in the world ) and etc. 
  i am not an anti-semite nor an anti-zionist , but i criticise the hypocrisy of netanyahu et al regularly as well as pointing out inaccuracies and lies in pro-right wing israeli comments and other propaganda ... 
  oh , i 'm sure it 's being said ... 
  i can understand why you say they 'll have to accept all of those conditions from the pov of what the israeli government is prepared to offer , but how is that fair or morally justifiable ? 
  this is why international intervention is essential - to force the israeli right to act justly and agree to a solution the palestinians can accept . 
  the current spate of diplomatic disapprobation is very encouraging in this regard ; hopefully the pressure will continue to mount until the israeli regime is forced to offer a reasonable solution . 
  scarcely , there are very few israeli radars and etc in systems like the f-22 . 
  israeli avionics are high quality , but so are americas own . 
  the israelis already sell technology to china , often us technologies illegally transferred outside israel despite legal agreements and the `` alliance '' ... 
  so he should encourage netanyahu to do the same ? 
  so why do israel so studiously ignore isis ? 
  edit : why do genuine questions get so many downvotes ? 
  i think this question has contributed to the discussion - it has certainly received many interesting replies , thus provoking discussion . 
  i know everyone understands reddiquette and so there 's no point in discussing it , but i wish some people would consider it ... 
  giving veterans scholarships per se is one thing , but this is something quite different :, 
   tel aviv university ( tau ) recently awarded scholarships to 850 students who took part in israel 's military attack on the gaza strip last summer . 
  the `` president 's scholarship for service in operation protective edge '' , up to nis 2,000 per student , was awarded as tuition credit to the winners . 
  this is specifically for students who served in a military action in which 1,600 * civilians * were killed for the loss of 60 , idf soldiers !, 
  it 's the equivalent of an american university giving out an `` abu ghraib scholarship '' , or perhaps one for the victors of my lai ... 
   or a government giving money to the family of a homicide bomber, 
  it is literally the same thing if any of the students are idf pilots or artillerymen . 
   new neologism, 
  it 's alliterative which is cool , but totally tautologous do n't you think ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  not very smart behaviour !, 
  that was also alluringly alliterative ... 
  e : added another alliteration, 
  no doubt about that - all perpetrators of the murder that goes on from both sides are equally guilty ; the tragedy is that it 's so often innocent civilians on both sides that are the victims, 
  fair enough , i apologise if i misinterpreted your comment . 
  i do agree that it 's undeniable that many anti-semites try to mask their visceral hatred for jewish people as concern for human rights or criticism of the government , but very often the language they use is revealing in that case ... 
  equally apologists do use false accusations of anti-semitism to discredit honest , fair criticism ... 
  it 's too easy in this sub to assume somebody is a zealot by reading a single comment and misinterpreting its intent . 
  it seems i am guilty of that in this case : /, 
  ok , all of those points may be valid ; however , why do they actually * help * isis by attacking syrian govt . 
  and hezbollah forces engaged in battling isis ? 
  is n't it possible that israel considers that `` their enemy 's ( syria/hezbollah ) enemy ( isis ) is their friend '' too to some extent and that is why they wo n't contribute to the international coalition effort against isis ? 
  he should n't have given it away for free on reddit , that 's for sure - now anybody could steal his unique , original shtick , take it to a production company a walk out rich ... 
  what a sucker !, 
  as i understand it the iranian general and hezbollah fighters * were * engaged in anti - isis operations - as shiites isis are an existential threat to them whereas israel is not so i would give credence to that theory . 
  of course how are we , civilians who are n't there , to know really ? 
  hopefully by sanctions and un forces to ensure security for the palestinians i guess . 
  it is not an inevitability that an extremist govt . 
  would gain power - look at jordan , oman , kurdistan , morocco , azerbaijan , kuwait . 
  the same goes for continued terrorism against israel - remember that would then be an act of war to which israel could legitimately respond !, 
  if the international community were to simply impose whatever deal satisfies the security needs of both sides that would be fine imo . 
  of course that would require contiguous , defensible and generally policeable borders for palestine , eg something closer to the smooth lines of the '67 borders than the piecemeal lines of separation currently in place . 
  minimal hardship and maximum security is of course a must ; however , that must apply equally to palestinian villages and to israeli settlements . 
  there will have to be many settlements surrendered whilst the palestinians will undoubtedly have to also cede some areas to the larger settlements , close to israel proper and receive other parcels of land in return . 
  i think nato/the un would need to police the borders for some time for the sake of both sides . 
  our visions seem reasonably aligned , would you not agree ? 
  girls/guys of reddit , what 's one thing the opposite sex does that you find attractive + all of its variations ... 
  something something about * her * ring, 
  i think a lot of what what you say sounds pretty reasonable and certainly reasoned , there are huge logistical difficulties and what 's most likely to genuinely succeed is a gradual process of building trust as a prelude to finding a practicable solution . 
  the whole thing is insanely complicated . 
  yes , i did only present the other side of the story to the comment to which i replied 's accusation of unreasoning arab violence , but i did n't try to deny that violence occurred - not every comment can cover ev ryan aspect of every event . 
  a conversation works by people providing points and counter points and that 's all i did . 
  i did mention the restrictions on untrammelled immigration war time practicalities - ie having to keep the entire arab world onside enough to not have them revolt even as the allies fought rommel !, 
  - forced the british to place on immigration ( presumably temporarily given the extent to which they 'd helped the zionists , at least until zionist terrorists started killing innocent britons , not just soldiers , but civilian administrators and even [ count bernadotte ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/folke_bernadotte ) which did all admittedly strain british goodwill ... ) ; that was the `` realpolitik '' to which i referred and i think most people understand that context . 
  what pre-existing political terrorist groups are you talking about ? 
  i am actually pretty sure the stern gang and etc were the first . 
  the arab acts of violence to which you refer were not carried out by organisations created and structured purely to enact violence as the stern gang certainly was . 
  a tribe is not a terrorist organisation . 
  i live in a democracy where it 's considered healthy to question the actions of shadowy forces that kill unilaterally . 
  that may not be acceptable wherever you 're from , but in the west that questioning of authority is a good thing is a commonly shared belief . 
  so the israeli reports say ; those from the victims ' side do n't agree that they were `` right on the israeli border '' ... 
  i believe that the version of events in which they were concerned more with isis than israel at that point in time is very believable , but as i said we do n't know . 
  the idf may not have * known * either . 
  you may not , but journalists , human rights organisations and interested people do - there is a healthy debate in the media about just that topic that has been going on for some time and concluding that many of these drone strikes are counter-productive extra-judicial murders . 
  nobody in america says you ca n't have that debate though , even though it 's critical of the president usage drone strikes . 
  so essentially we now have a proxy war between saudi arabia and iran happening in yemen ? 
  you have to wonder if this is a provocation aimed at disrupting the current iranian nuclear negotiations to prevent the ending of sanctions against iranand the striking of an agreement on the nuclear issue . 
  i would n't even be surprised if the saudi 's aim was to drag the usa into a proxy war with iran and really derail the iranian reintegration into normalised diplomatic relations . 
  i would think that sa 's recently announced bombing of shiite houthi militias in yemen ( currently in / r/worldnews/rising ) is a direct response to this - starting what is in effect a proxy war with iran may be an attempt to force the usa to takes sides , stop cooperating with iran and derail the nuclear talks . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in their intent , if not their methods , hamas are clearly aping israeli politics where the extremist candidate - a proudly self-acknowledged right-wing , nationalist thug - is able to control the country despite only having the direct support of 25 % of the population ... 
  an analogy is how abused children often grow up to be abusers later in life . 
  israel actually initiated the break in the ceasefire that led to the last gazan assault by the idf when they fired a missile into gaza to assassinate a hamas leader , also killing seven civilians . 
  the hamas rocket attacks were in retaliation for that provocation ; they were then used as an excuse to attack . 
  please get your facts straight when arguing your points . 
  you 're entitled to your opinions , but your arguments are helped by such blatant inaccuracies . 
  ok , i reread my original comment i can see your point . 
  to an extent i was perhaps `` telling a story '' somewhat ; but that is n't that what we * all * do in our comments : tell the `` story '' as we see it ? 
  i can see that maybe certain words were unnecessary - for example that `` understandably '' could certainly be seen as implying the zionists were entirely in the wrong which is n't quite the whole truth , is it ? 
  also your points about hagganah are entirely valid and i really should not have included them with the stern gang or irgun . 
  i 'm glad you raised that and allowed me to set the record straight in this comment . 
  i will admit to some slight bias ( i was impressed that you so openly acknowledged yours , of course it 's quite clear , but many either ca n't or wo n't see or acknowledge theirs , especially on the israeli side of the debate !, 
  ) ; it really is quite natural in that i am an australian of british descent who was actually born in the uk ( to australian parents ) and , so like you , i see certain situations through the prism of my cultural heritage and my culture 's telling of events . 
  from a british perspective , the murders of so many british soldiers and civilians was very distressing and has left some scars when one considers those events , especially as britain has never been a widely anti-semitic culture ( that awful bloody video this week notwithstanding , many jews still move to the the uk as it is more welcoming than their european homes were !, 
  ) , organised zionism was born and nurtured in great britain , we * did * assist greatly with the aaliyah for a very long time , tried to prevent violence between zionists and local arabs and yet are painted in the israeli narrative as a colonial power who were thrown out by the zionists in the '48 war !, 
  ( that was not actually what happened ; britain left so the un mandate for the creation of israel could take place , but the accusation that the zionists had to kick the brits out in '48 has been levelled at me here on reddit - looking at you / u/slynddr ! ), 
  i should perhaps have put away my british heritage and told more of the story , but it is n't really how one thinks when writing these comments is it : as we 've both said now we do often tend to tell stories ...
