  well in the context of that paragraph `` they '' is quite clearly hezbollah ... 
  a quick search turns up a bunch of articles listing specific instances of hezbollah fighting isis since 2013 on the first page of results , with the only link claiming hezbollah are a threat to israel being written by the perhaps , one suspects , just a little bit biased :, 
   shai oseran and st\u00e9phane cohen, 
   head of operations and defense analyst , respectively , at the israel project in jerusalem . 
  [ you seem to have trouble with this internet research stuff , so just click here to see . 
  ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=hezbollah+fighting+isis ), 
  nothing ? 
  video , 4th link down is from 2014 , and described as footage of a hezbollah ambush of isis near damascus in 2013 . 
  how does missing what is literally the most visible listing on the screen serve your point ? 
  perhaps it * is * you who has trouble with the internet research stuff ? 
  sorry to have had to be so obvious , but that was my point all along . 
  i 'm not surprised that you agree with my final paragraph ; do you also agree that israel also needs to make the concessions i outlined in my previous comment ( '67 borders and reparations amongst other trade offs ) to gain the concessions we both agree the palestinians really need to come to terms with making ? 
  i really ca n't ( and would n't want to ) disagree with the sentiment of that comment in any way , and even the reparations issue is one i 'm sure we could easily either come to an accommodation over or just agree to disagree upon . 
  is n't it a shame we 're only talking on reddit , not at the negotiating table . 
  it is always nice talking to people who will acknowledge the need for give and take on both sides ; in such a complex situation just that simple acknowledgement ( or its refutal for that matter ) makes a massive difference ... 
  nice talking to you . 
  those sentinal r1s are an awesome istar resource - to think they were thinking of retiring them in one of the recent sdsrs !, 
  the current refugee crisis kind of reminds me of what happened in palestine post-wwii when a massive influx of european jewry `` emigrated '' as refugees to palestine - a land that did not have the resources , space or facilities to absorb them as uninvited colonisers . 
  ( i say colonisers rather than immigrants because , unlike the current refugees in europe , the zionists were openly * highly * malignant to their hosts - actively seeking to disrupt their way of life and supplant them from their homes as a stated political goal as unbelievable as that sounds these days ... ), 
  luckily for europe the numbers of incoming refugees are smaller in relation to the indigenous populations and the countries involved are able to absorb them , just needing to enact policies to ensure integration into the host country 's culture ( something the zionists had absolutely no interest in whatsoever so it should n't turn out as badly for the europeans as it did for the palestinians . 
  nonetheless the example * is * one that all eu countries should keep in mind . 
  or shooting their three-year-old kids in the face for example ... 
  ( i know , i know - it was a * rubber * bullet and fired in self-defence so it 's all ok , plus netanyahu 's new roe do n't require people to be any kind of threat to be shot anyway , but still , tell that to the little girl ! ), 
  it 's good that the risk of harm to israeli civilians has been lessened to such an extent by iron dome - hopefully the system can , in this way , help keep the situation in gaza from getting any worse . 
  well that 's not their stated objective with these strikes , but unfortunately this is an ( obvious ) side-effect . 
  hopefully the newly arrived russian forces , there to assist assad return syria to peace and defeat isis , will begin intervening in such cases as this as soon as they reach full operational status so that assad 's forces are left alone to fight isis and al-nusrah ( al-qaeda ) . 
  interesting then that instead of sending airstrikes as they have on many other strikes against assad 's saa forces they chose to fire rockets this time ; i guess that must have been occasioned by some * others * tactical consideration than fear of hi-tech russian integrated air defence sam systems then if your reading of the situation is correct ? 
  i would be super surprised to see the liaoning * anywhere * near the mediterranean , very surprised indeed ... 
  why not move back home then ? 
  nz is lovely , i 've been there on holiday a few times and it really is beautiful . 
  the problem with australia paying for nz immigrants costs is that there are so many more immigrants from nz to australia than vice versa . 
  the laws were changed to stop the amount of free-loading by nz nationals who could previously come here and immediately sign on for the dole , receive medicare benefits , education and etc all of which was being paid for by the australian taxpayer . 
  what does inder mean ? 
  it 's not a term australians use . 
  i can sympathise with your situation , but nobody is actually telling * you * to leave ; they 're just not giving you inducements to stay . 
  it 's only convicted criminals who are being deported . 
  regarding the path to citizenship , what 's to stop you going back to nz to get a degree ? 
  dunedin is a nice little university town where i could happily spend the amount of time needed to gain a degree , or you could pick one of the many other universities sited throughout nz . 
  a degree would put you that much closer to reaching the requirements for citizenship , which as others have pointed out are no more onerous for nz nationals than anybody else . 
  i 'm sorry , but what you said does n't really cut it with me - it 's harder to sympathise with economic migrants coming from a relatively rich country demanding easy access to australia than it is with refugees so why should an nz national get easier entry than someone coming from somewhere worse who * has * earned a degree at their home country 's expense ? 
  if op is , as you say , better off here then why is he complaining about being here ? 
  if he 's not , then why not go home ? 
  fair enough . 
  as i said before i think nz is a lovely place too ; i 'd be happy to live there and for my job with the ratio between salaries and cost of living would be just about even . 
  of course my family , friends and etc are here , but i 'm just saying i could easily see how you 'd be perfectly happy in nz . 
  i ca n't argue with that - if you 've worked and paid taxes for such a long time you * deserve * the social protections that those taxes help pay for . 
  unfortunately , as you eloquently explained , it 's complex to legislate ; nonetheless i firmly believe people in your position - and your immediate , nuclear family - have earned access to the social safety net . 
  i do n't know what the answer is , as always it 's easier to deal in blacks and whites than the areas in between . 
  that 's a really good attitude and in itself another argument as to why you should be included in the safety net !, 
  unfortunately these things would collapse if dealt with at an individual level , but hopefully it will be tackled at some point in the not too distant future . 
  the antikythera mechanism is fascinating and may be seen at the archaeological museum at athens as part of a really very interesting and well put together interactive display that demonstrates what is known of its function and how it worked . 
  it 's an amazing device from a long time before anything comparable would be built ; that it survived on this wreck is brilliant . 
  this might only be a symbolic step , but it is significant nonetheless . 
  there will be no end in sight to the suffering on both sides until a resolution is reached ; even baby steps are better than no progress . 
  i think this is great . 
  recognition of the palestinian state as such is an important step in the overall peace process . 
  as more and more countries and organisations do so there will be more pressure for both sides to seriously negotiate . 
  such negotiations are the only way the suffering will end on both sides . 
  purely symbolic as this may be , it is still an important event . 
  mexican narco-terrorist gangs import tons of drugs into the us every year that kill many more americans every year than hamas have killed in toto , yet the usa somehow restrains itself from slaughtering mexican civilians ... 
  just because it 's not rockets it does n't change the fact that mexicans are killing americans , but america does n't respond with the kneejerk violence endemic to idf reactions to any `` provocation '' . 
  most of the time it is israel that breaks ceasefires first , often on the flimsiest of pretexts : then when hamas responds cries foul . 
  another example of a state dealing with terrorist attacks without resorting to bombing civilian areas and gross overreactions in terms of the degree of violence employed whilst fighting the terrorists was the uk in northern ireland . 
  the ira were a highly disciplined , well-trained , well-funded and dangerous terrorist organisation that regularly bombed civilian targets on mainland britain and throughout northern ireland . 
  at no point , however , did britain respond by bombing towns where ira terrorists lived , shooting three year old girls in the face as they sat within their own homes with either rubber or lead bullets , employing standard rules of engagement that allowed for the shooting of civilians who were not a clear and present threat ( netanyahu 's recent `` relaxation of the rules '' regarding shooting stone-throwers in the back ) or even sending armour into civilian areas against stone throwers and other disproportionate military responses to civil unrest ... 
  quoting netanyahu as an argument for rationality is like fucking for virginity ... 
  his constant expansion of the settlements is one of the main points of contention that keeps the flames in the west bank fanned and burning strongly . 
  if palestine laid down there arms this expansion would not only accelerate , but new settlements would sprout like tumours/cancer cells in a metastatised cancer patient . 
  is israel now something us goys are n't allowed to say now without being labelled anti-semitic ? 
  i mean it 's cool , we can always say the zionist entity or whatever , but what 's the reasoning behind the prohibition ? 
  this classic quote is part of the article , showing that whataboutism is just part of the ~ ~ israeli ~ ~ zionist entity psyche and not just a / r/worldnews phenomenon :, 
   biran said she thinks corbyn does not realize `` that israel is the only place in the middle east where you can see a gay parade . 
  it is the only place in the middle east where you have freedom of speech , equality for women . '', 
  what does that have to do with ~ ~ israel 's ~ ~ the zionist entity 's human rights abuses against palestinians in gaza and the wb ? 
  does being nice to gays cancel out shooting toddlers in the face or something ? 
  it 's an important step in the process of international recognition of palestinian statehood . 
  only a baby step , but one that brings serious negotiations closer - once the entire world recognises palestine , it will be increasingly difficult for israel ( personified in netanyahu ) to play its obstructionist games instead of actually engaging in bona fide talks . 
  i too am glad for palestine . 
  why is the jpost headline about the heckler and the saying of the word `` israel '' , not the speech 's content which was described as moderate , certainly in comparison to other statements corbyn has made in the past ? 
  the headline just seemed inflammatory and unnecessarily divergent from what corbyn actually said , so i simply went down a similar same path as the jpost with my comment . 
  i wonder , if i did n't read the article , how i managed to include a direct quote taken from it into my comment ? 
  to me trump often seems like america personified ; a living , breathing manifestation of ` murica . 
  he * should * be the next president , he really should . 
  edit : let me be clear - i hope to god that he * is n't * the next president , but it somehow seems fitting that he should be ... 
  the oslo accords mandated a settlement freeze ; the israeli government ( particularly netanyahu ) has chosen to ignore that entirely and have allowed constant building within and expansion of settlements whilst simultaneously denying palestinians planning permission ( within palestine ! ), 
  and bulldozing palestinian structures . 
  talking about palestinian infractions in light of that alone seems somewhat disingenuous , if not outright hypocritical ; especially within the context of a thread discussing 696 israeli infractions of the latest ceasefire ( less than two years ago ) ... 
  * that * is farcical . 
  i 'd say it 's just as likely this cell is part of the overarching terrorist organisation in israel that calls itself the knesset, 
  the answer all depends if you follow international laws or israeli laws as your guiding tenets . 
  for example the israeli high court has repeatedly ruled all of this stuff is perfectly legal . 
  the entry of palestine into membership of the international criminal court may , however , see some challenging of such rulings . 
  that is why such seemingly innocuous events as yesterday 's raising of the palestinian flag outside the un for the first time cause such outrage amongst israel and its supporters - the more palestine is recognised as a legitimate state the harder it will be for policies such as the blockade to remain unchallenged . 
  neither was i. i must admit this changes my view of the man * entirely * / s, 
  aaaand yet again the level of discourse between gop candidates maintains its impeccably high standards . 
  it 's also worth remembering that the holocaust did n't start with treblinka , but many years earlier with the first laws in the mid - '30s that limited jewish rights , access to employment and etc before progressing through the yellow stars ( compulsory id cards stating religion in the modern world ; less public , but no less effective ) and ultimately to the horrors of the shoah . 
  the current state of events in not only gaza , but also the illegally occupied west bank , east jerusalem and even - albeit much more subtly enacted - israel itself can be viewed as analogous to the early stages of the holocaust . 
  highly discriminatory and causing deaths , but not organised murder . 
  just picked up a bottle of this yesterday - very nice scotch and interesting to read your review the morning after first trying it . 
  obviously there are batch variations , but overall i think you nailed it .
