   clarrie hair reports : `` the flier above was produced in nui dat when the postal `` workers '' in australia refused to handle our mail , so we were in the bush in vietnam wondering why our mail was n't coming through '' . 
   it was also during this period that the wharfies went on strike in melbourne and refused to load the hmas jeparit with our supplies , resulting in the army having to do the job . 
  but you would know that anyway . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.hq1atf.org/postie.htm ), 
  so the diggers who were there are lying ? 
  it 's a live chat program , popularised by multiplayer computer game players . 
  i have been pixelating the us flag , literally every time i clicked a pixel !, 
  ( so twice . ), 
  same in greece , even athens . 
  not sure why , as they have managed proper plumbing in croatia and bosnia which are nearby , but poorer . 
  that 's mgm , right ? 
  i think there 's a typo in your comment . 
  do n't you mean the * posties * were bastards ? 
  for doing so in such a manner as was calculated to cause distress and hardship to a bunch of conscripted ( and volunteer for that matter ) 19yo kids fighting for the freedom of people like the posties and wharfies to strike , yes . 
  why is the tourist polish ? 
  she 'd make a fantastic judy in a punch n ' judy show . . 
  i do n't think violence is the right answer to anything like this , an important point i would like to make clear right from the start . 
  however , i think we need to put this in context : for a start i do n't know if * any * postie actually copped a punch as a result of this , but afaik there was no widespread wave of attacks that ensued from this poster , i think it 's more a mechanism for blowing off steam at the frustration the posties ' misplaced support for the vietnamese communists ( misplaced as under the immediate post-war communist regime in vietnam striking would have resulted in serious punishment , and to this day is probably not a great idea , other moral issues aside ) engendered among the ranks in south vietnam . 
  i pretty sure the intention was never to trigger actual attacks , but always to give the diggers something to laugh about tbqh . 
  we should also bear in mind that such attacks upon the morale/undermining of aussie military personnel by `` workers '' here ( who , as other commenters have noted had very close links to international communism during both the vietnam and wwii eras , links that persist to this day ) was not an isolated incident , but something that occurred * a lot * during both vietnam ( see [ hmas jeparit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hmas_jeparit ) as mentioned in the accompanying text ) and wwii ( when wharfies regularly stole both military supplies and troops ' personal belongings , deliberately damaged - or * sabotaged * as the act is known when performed by traitors during wartime - war materiel such as aircraft , and often even refused to do their job of loading/unloading ships including even troopships full of returning servicemen , many wounded in action ) which left a lot of bad feeling among many australians towards the unions , particularly within the military ( quite understandably imo ) . 
  these strikes did nothing to disrupt the path of australia 's involvement and hurt only the soldiers and their families with whom communication was broken ( phone calls to australia were not easy like today ) - not the pollies , not even the military leadership , but just the blokes sitting in the jungle . 
  given the fact of the strikers ' communist ties when the diggers were battling communism , the history of ( treacherous history many would argue , with a great deal of justification ) striking to deliberately disrupt the effort in both wars ( while the strikers stayed safe at home , getting paid considerably better than the troops ) and the fact the strikes only hurt the soldiers ( and the families ) while the strikers cowered at home i actually consider the posties to have acted extremely antagonistically towards the diggers , certainly in the eyes of the blokes sweltering over in vietnam . 
  i agree that it is to be hoped no posties were actually punched and ( issues with slow package delivery aside ) i generally like our posties ; however , i think they ( and the wharfies ) acted like absolute bastards in this instance . 
  [ guns , germs and steel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guns,_germs,_and_steel ) discusses this history in a manner i found interesting , though it does not limit itself solely to the americas . 
  has anyone tried these ? 
  sure , i agree with all those points ( or at least that they are perfectly valid ) ; i was simply trying to paint matters from the diggers pov . 
  it 's very easy to be judgemental of either or both side , especially thirty-five years after the fact , and especially wrt to vietnam which was so contentious , and tbqh i do n't really want to make value judgements against either the posties or the diggers - i found the poster an interesting historical artefact in and of itself which is why i posted it . 
  the striking i do n't have an issue with per se , despite my reservations about the effect it had . 
   much like how you generally like our posties , i generally like our soldiers and *** feel that they have conducted themselves quite well *** according to international standards . 
  i think this really significant , and something that should be borne in mind when we consider vietnam ( and iraq , afghanistan and etc for that matter ) wrt to adf members - our military is very professional , very well trained and in general its members hold themselves to a very high standard of behaviour . 
  there have been isolated instances of adf members acting badly , but we have nothing on our national conscience to equate to my lai or similar . 
  our military is also very professional about keeping out of our civilian politics , which is something a democracy ought to expect , but is not the case in many countries . 
  i personally feel we could perhaps have been not quite so quick to involve ourselves in the gwot , but would never hold that against servicemen and women who deployed to any of these conflicts ( and like most of us here i imagine i know quite a few , all of whom i respect . ), 
  not having been alive in '69 i do n't know exactly how people then felt , but i definitely feel that most people now respect the individuals in the adf sufficiently to support them , even if we do n't support the wars they are sent to . 
  without wanting to be all american and `` thank you for your service '' , that really is important and i doubt the posties ( or anyone else for that matter ) would do this again . 
  so you had a car loan , and decided you did n't want to pay it ? 
  how did you pull that off ? 
  and now union thuggery is a-ok ? 
  two wrongs make a right do they ? 
   if the us had not tried to prop up a corrupt regime in vietnam , vietnam probably would not be communist now . 
  * this * is nonsense , sorry . 
  ho chi minh was a communist as well as a nationalist , and while he was initially favourable to the usa after cooperation resisting the japanese during wwii ( famously basing declarations on the us declaration of independence ) the disagreement started long before the corrupt diem regime was in power , let alone the us ( and subsequent australian ) involvement at the point the french were allowed back in to reclaim their lost colony . 
  the end to that is what led to the division of the country into north and south vietnam , by which stage the communist die was cast . 
  if the us had supported ho chi minh then vietnam would still have ended up communist , and who knows which other nations regionally too . 
  cambodia and laos would most likely have , although i must agree that cambodia would probably have avoided the horrors of pol pot and the khmer rouge if the country had not been destabilised by the us bombing . 
  the rights and wrongs of the war are not really what was being discussed though - it is the actions of the posties and wharfies . 
  being a communist was/is , as you say , not illegal in and of itself ; however , providing comfort and support to an enemy actively engaged in killing australians is certainly very dubious morally no matter what the precise legalities or any other issues surrounding the provision of such support . 
  i am not trying to criticise unionism outside of the specific circumstances that led to the creation of this poster though , and even that is not criticism of unionism , but rather of the actions of those posties and wharfies who treated those young aussies who were simply doing their best to do the right thing as they - and , at the time they were first committed at least , most of the country - saw it so shabbily . 
  as i said to the guy i replied to writing that comment , i was simply trying to explain the circumstances * as one of those 19yo diggers would have perceived it * , leading to the poster 's creation , not dispute the rights and wrongs of unionism . 
  unions may commit some dreadful acts then and to this day , but they also serve an important role in our society/culture and do things which are good too , as per the example you provided . 
  that would have been cold comfort if you were 19 years old , in a ( very much at the time ) foreign country , risking life and limb only to be denied mail from your family though . 
  he brought union thugs into it - there is a clear implication that the government was wrong to cry about union thuggery . . 
  union thugs are * actual * thugs too , that 's all i am pointing out . 
  what drives the pride in ignorance ? 
  obviously this does n't apply to all americans , but i have seen americans boasting of how much they do n't know about foreign countries they are visiting like it is somehow something good on numerous occasions . 
  how is ignorance * ever * something to take pride in ? 
  the moment i saw this joke i thought to myself `` this will lead to some * great * sas post !, 
  well , actually first i laughed at the joke , but then immediately afterward thought `` this will lead to some great sas post ! '', 
  i may be wrong , perhaps i did misread it . 
  imo though it very much sounded as though their intent was to downplay union thuggery . 
   if the vietnamese had n't had to fight against and die and ultimately prevail against one of the most powerful super powers in the world at the time , they would not have had nearly so much invested and spent on becoming communist . 
  [ . . ] the us could have given them aid and won them over , easily . 
  i think there is a lot of truth in this ; however , the realpolitik situation at the time would not have allowed the us to fulfill the second part , as much as it would have been better for all involved had they done so . 
  it is somewhat analogous to the situation with tito , or castro , and is one of the tragedies of history that each the west treated all communist states as being utterly beholden to stalin ( when the die for all this was cast , other leaders after , but always in stalin 's shadow . . ) , when many in fact were not . 
  i can also see that the perception of the diggers may not have been entirely just or fair , but i think that 's as much to do with ingrained culture as active propaganda from the army leadership . 
  i 'm enjoying the discussion tbh , it 's interesting , and i also appreciate that you 're polite too . 
  i 'll openly admit to some discomfort with some aspects of unions in australia , but i 'm really not trying to say unions are evil per se , or not valuable to us all ( including me ) . 
  i found this poster really interesting when i saw it , and that 's why i shared it . 
  i 'm glad i did because of the great convos which have followed . 
  the guys that went to vietnam were my father 's friends and my friend 's fathers , so i have always seen things from their perspective more so than that of the protesters , especially as by the time i was old enough to really be aware of the history the veterans were being treated better than they had been during the war and in its immediate aftermath when they were as reviled as the war itself . 
  i think its good for us all to remember these things , ideally so we can avoid making the same mistakes again - in terms of how we view our involvement in such conflicts ( which i do n't always agree with , eg iraq ' 03 ) , but also how we treat those sent into harm 's way . 
  that is what i kind of suspected , though i do wonder if there is some element of insecurity driving it too - if people were entirely confident in that belief , surely there would be no need to loudly proclaim it to the world at every opportunity ? 
  hey !, 
  you ca n't say that shit * here * !, 
  only lnp voters are stupid , self-interested and apathetic ; alp voters are all super savvy , altruistic and caring - the men are all totes in touch with their feminine side too . 
  smh , you should know this if that is n't your first comment in ~ ~ r/alpcirclejerk ~ ~ r/australia !, 
   the shortfall can be made up from a number of things, 
  specifically . . ? 
  not exactly union bashing imo , it calls for business to not engage in these practices too . 
  unions have done great things , but it 's not right to deny there are problems and issues in the movement as well . 
  if the problems could be addressed then my criticism at least ( and i think those of many others ) would cease . 
  i see no burger . . ? 
  i kept trying to vandalise the us flag . 
  nazi 's what ? 
  and staropramen, 
  celery sticks - they can hold a decent bit of sauce and allow you to concentrate on the sauce very cleanly . 
  beautiful , this is what i aspire to . 
  great picture . 
  must be fairly late in the war , those are erdls he 's wearing , right ? 
  had no idea the hawkeye was so manoeuvrable !, 
  pretty good going carrying that radome . . 
  two types of country : those that went to the moon , and those that can cope with roundabouts . . 
  looks like a fractal, 
  yep , that 's how * all * the kids do it around here too . . 
  really ? 
  no , surely not !, 
  ksa sponsoring terrorism , who would have thunk it . . 
  properly hot chilli will give you a short term boost as it releases endorphins when you eat it . 
  though perhaps it 's just the burning distracts you from any other pain . 
  pretty,
