  oh well op , at least while you 're living you 're living somewhere * interesting * . . 
  naftali bennett has always been very open about his intentions regarding a creeping annexation of palestine : actions such as this strongly suggest his views are gaining traction and acceptance amongst his colleagues within the israeli regime coalition , of which his the jewish home party is an element . 
  man , these right-wing nutters are * nuts * . . 
  good on ya bob !, 
  great to see at least one aussie pollie - even if he is now retired - publicly articulating what is , in my experience , the mainstream view of most australians . 
  australians who * do n't * belong to the current polity that is , whose shameless enjoyment of numerous free junkets to sunny israel as guests of the cryptofascist regime netanyahu both leads and embodies seems to have blinded them to how * most * aussies feel about the situation in occupied palestine , particularly wrt the illegal colonisation `` settlement '' project , or has at least bought their silence . 
  yes , and yes . 
  however ; i 'm not sharing : a ) because i respect * their * privacy & b ) because i do n't want to compromise * my * privacy ( such as it is on this semi-anonymous site ) by exposing which school i went to , where i grew up and etc. . 
  nothing !, 
  at least not in putin 's russia - which seems to be coming soon to the usa if cheeto benito 's advisors have any say in the matter . 
  personally , i think it 's better if you don ` rt punch anyone , even if in your humble they do `` deserve it '' . . 
  i personally would support a one-state solution such as rivlin mooted ; however , i think you will find it is anathema to most zionists , particularly on the right-wing . . 
  rivlin 's comment calling for israeli citizenship to be granted to palestinians would be brilliant , but sadly i think it a political impossibility , at least under the present regime . 
  gasses created as the carcasses decompose build up in body cavities , which eventually rupture as the pressure from the increasing quantity of gas rises while the decomposition simultaneously degrades the skin 's integrity : this happens to all bodies , not just whales . . 
  really interesting - thanks for posting . 
  although i live in australia , i spent xmas in london with my family , staying in spitalfields and regularly visiting a mate who lives near victoria , so the example journey provided was one i made nearly every day i was there . 
  the two most popular routes were the ones i took most often ; however , i do recall taking the `` psychopath 's route '' via green park a couple of times , for various reasons . . 
  one compelling reason is green park has public toilets - which as a visitor are n't always easy to find . 
  i wonder if that accounted for anyone else 's taking that path through the system ? 
  i think you 're probably pretty close to the mark there , though , as today 's events show ( both within the trump administration and from israel 's polity - right-wingers & rivlin . . ) , absolutely anything * could * happen . . 
  the missing piece , not discussed in this particular article , but obvious to any and all unbiased observers , is that the israeli extreme-right then uses the ( largely illusory , at least according to police reports/statistics ) `` rising anti-semitism in the west '' to inspire fear in western-nations ' jewish populations and drive more of these individuals to make aliyah . 
  this furthers their goals of increasing israel 's jewish population and in turn accelerates the rate of colonialist land-grabs ( aka settlement expansion ) as this increasing population must be housed * somewhere * , whilst simultaneously bolstering the victimhood false narrative that is the israeli extreme right 's life-blood . 
  so , on the one hand they are quite happy to form alliances with and praise the european extreme right wrt their shared islamophobia while on the other they use the spectre of the same people they are literally helping grow stronger to cause fud among western jews . 
  all very unpleasant and , i am sure , bound to end in tears . 
  worth noting it was a laser-guided-bomb , which , while an extremely unorthodox air-to-air ~ ~ ground ~ ~ weapon , certainly helped ensure its path and the iraqi mil-24 hind attack helicopter 's path intersect so perfectly . 
  this was a brilliantly innovative use of the available tool , and an awesome display of capability - if anything the fact it was not just a lucky drop makes it even more impressive , and certainly more intimidating as repeating a lucky drop is never a certainty whereas a repeat of a clever tactic is much closer to being so . 
  edit : fixed typo . . 
   one of the few things i respect about the nazis . 
  they did what they could to protect art, 
  seriously ? 
  if by protect art you mean loot and stash in leaders ' private collections i can follow your point , but they also destroyed any art they considered degenerate ( ie not to hitler 's taste , modern/abstract , created by any untermenschen . . ) . 
  you have a source on that ? 
  hitler may have spared oxford ( which was n't bombed ) ; however , i would love to see * evidence * of this `` deal '' per se , especially wrt who cut the deal and what was promised by the allies in return . . 
   but more so the historically important places they tended to try to not to damage . 
  so how about when [ hitler issued orders that paris be blown to pieces , which were luckily not followed ] ( http://www.historynet.com/dietrich-von-choltitz-saved-of-paris-from-destruction-during-world-war-ii.htm ) , or how medieval warsaw was literally flattened out of spite ? 
  also , you neglected to address the issue of all the art and literature the nazis * did * destroy i raised above . . 
  lucky boy !, 
  t-28s are great little planes and flew quite a lot of combat in indochina as well as their better known training role , which is significant in and of itself . 
   which were n't followed, 
  in circumstances that are significantly murkier than the general tasked with destroying paris later claimed in his self-serving account , which was certainly coloured by his hopes of avoiding punishment post-wwii . . 
  one rogue general does not mean the nazis generally - whose leader , hitler , literally ordered the city flattened - had any principles regarding the destruction of history . 
  again , what about warsaw ? 
  just because they did n't wantonly destroy history to the level isis do does not mean there was anything to admire about their attitudes to this issue - any such preservation the nazis did engage in was driven by their ideology of hatred and european supremacy , just as isis 's destruction of ancient temples is driven by * their * ideology of religious hatred and muslim fundamentalism . . 
  i did n't say they destroyed everything they could - * you * said :, 
   they did what they could to protect art and history . 
  the deliberate and wanton destruction of warsaw alone proves that statement false , and that is not the only example . 
  but do n't take my word for it , here 's an r/askhistorians ( a very well moderated , trustworthy sub that only allows factual answers . . ) comment you might find illuminating : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3i978w/did_the_nazis_ever_destroy_ancient_andor/cuehzb1/, 
  read the whole thread . 
  or do n't . 
  tbh idgaf * that * much . . 
  imo your view is highly romanticised . 
  i have n't said `` but some things got destroyed '' ; i have specified numerous instances of the nazis deliberate destruction of significant sites and provided sources . 
  you , otoh , who actually made the assertion which started this brilliant little chat , have provided nothing except `` they did n't destroy * everything * they could . . 
  anyway , you 're entitled to your opinion , it 's cool . 
  you did n't read the links , did you ? 
  anyway , enjoy the last word ( together with your * sound of music * vision of the nazis ) , i 'm out . 
  solution architect ( software engineer who designs system architecture - eg the structure , the technology , etc. . ) . 
  i grew into this job after years developing software , and realising i enjoyed the software architecture aspects most of all . 
  i find it both intrinsically satisfying and consistently interesting . 
  is true , for sure !, 
  he 's a plant ? 
  huh , there you go . . 
  and here 's me thinking he was a cheeto . 
  damn , if i was n't 3,718 km away i would volunteer - i love wombats . 
  why does * every * story about india in this sub get so heavily downvoted ? 
  good post , i agree entirely . 
  i would n't say small numbers were used in vietnam ; in relative terms perhaps , but in total a lot were dropped in the last couple of years . 
  unorthodox as an a2a weapon was what i meant to type , i have edited my op . 
  sorry , i had thought i had made my intended meaning clear . 
  i hope you have read enough of my comments to understand i am very much a centrist , at heart a humanist . 
  i have no love for the loony-left any more than the hard-right , or any absolutist ideology for that matter . 
  just as i have jewish friends , both here in australia and overseas , i also have muslim friends . 
  muslims do n't deserve to be treated as an undifferentiated mass any more than do jews or israelis . 
  of course there are wicked , evil even , muslims - the same is true of israelis , europeans and , yes , even aussies . . 
  all the issues you discuss have multiple roots and aggravating factors - the people who are the subject of this article are not helping matters , and indeed are cynically manipulating the evils you describe to achieve their own ends . 
  just as israelis are victims , they are also perpetrators in other cases , but rather than try to resolve issues the people under discussion here are deliberately aggravating matters . 
  it is that i am criticising . . 
  the issues with the left are another matter , for another discussion . 
  i always appreciate your perspective , and it certainly informs my own . 
  of course needs must , and politics makes for strange bedfellows at the best of times . 
  you are obviously involved at a much more immediate level than i and i wo n't say you 're wrong as the closest i can come to walking a mile in your shoes is to read your comments . 
  i hope you can see some validity in my concerns too , but even if you ca n't i hope we do continue to talk . 
  awesome !, 
  thank you , i thought it probably would be given how good the * throne * series is , and his professional position , but never hurts to ask . . 
  i shall purchase the first book forthwith . 
  you have to understand from their perspective the thinking was why should they have to surrender * any * of their land to these recently arrived foreign colonists ? 
  the local palestinians had also been promised the whole area by the british too after they helped defeat the ottomans ( with lawrence of arabia ) ; they also had continuously inhabited the region for as long as the jews too . 
  when , in the 1st century ad , the jews very , very hubristically decided they could disrupt the pax romana ( and avoid paying taxes to rome ) and in doing so took the decision that led to their 2,000 year abrogation of any meaningful connexion to palestine ( as they formed communities throughout europe and the mena region ) , the region 's other inhabitants stayed ; they are culturally arab , but ethnically levantine . . 
  the fact that the palestinians are genetically closer to jews than any other group ( apart from the heavy european dna admixture in ashkenazi dna of course ) disproves the zionist lie that they are mere invaders from the arabian peninsula ; the zionist lie that the land was practically uninhabited is ridiculous too , as the historical record proves . 
  it was their home , as it had been for time immemorial . 
  the intention was for a peaceful transition of control from the british empire to the local , indigenous population as happened everywhere else in the british empire ; however , the vicious zionist terror gangs ( irgun - the direct ancestor group of likud , the stern gang , etc ) so disrupted this process that the british left early , the un stepped in and the locals were left to the tender mercies of these foreign colonists and their terror gang leadership . 
  do you blame them for failing to accept * that * situation ? 
  hey , that excuse worked for trump - and look how great his administration is turning out to be !, 
  hips be upon her !, 
  ha ha , holy crap - i totally thought this was a joke , and he was wearing a darth vader helmet , so i googled :, 
  nope , that is a legit fedayeen helmet !, 
  just buy a house , mate . 
  or a unit , whatever suits your needs . 
  `` looks like '' . . 
  what exactly do you think happens to mcdonald 's employees when they * stop working at maccas * ?
