  netanyahu could n't lie straight in bed . 
  stop repeating his propaganda and vile racist rhetoric . 
  do you really believe opinions such as yours * help * israel 's position ? 
  they merely reinforce the world 's perception of the israeli position being one that is rooted in such a complete lack of reason that there 's no point in trying to engage with the israeli government and expect anything other than lies , brutality and apartheid in return . 
  look at the us 's response to netanyahu 's reelection - hezbollah and iran taken off the terrorist list , iranian nuclear deal advanced and moves to recognise palestine ... 
  that is the reason why netanyahu 's changing his lie-du-jour yet again . 
  it 'd be almost humorous if the intent behind it was n't so bone-chillingly awful . 
  and yet netanyahu is back in power and in this very thread there are many commenters defending both him and his position on palestine ( the real , non-two-state position ... ), 
  i 'm not having a go at you , i 'm saddened for people like yourself who seem to accept that a two-state solution is the only realistic and fair solution . 
  yet before the election every second comment was about how the economy was screwed due to housing costs and that hat was * the * major issue ? 
  i think you 've netayahuitis mate - you ca n't seem to get your lies straight either ... 
  read the history of what actually happened instead of parroting likud propaganda * dude * ... 
  without going into it too deeply ( i do n't want to fry your mind * dude * - i 'll let * you * do some reading , if you can and do then good , but otherwise nothing i or anyone else says will convince you anyway ... ) , here is a quote from the * first paragraph * of the [ wikipedia page on the talks ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013%e2%80%9314_israeli%e2%80%93palestinian_peace_talks ), 
   on the expiry of the deadline , negotiations collapsed , with the us special envoy indyk reportedly assigning blame mainly to israel, 
  when the talks ended netanyahu has still not released prisoners whose release was promised on the first day ; he had continuously kept authorising new settlements in the occupied territories !, 
  to again quote wikipedia :, 
   publicly , mr. obama has said that both sides bear responsibility for the latest collapse . 
  but the president believes that more than any other factor , israel 's drumbeat of settlement announcements in the west bank and east jerusalem poisoned the atmosphere and doomed any chance of a breakthrough with the palestinians, 
  of course the palestinians became intransigent in the face of such blatant provocation by netanyahu . 
  that intransigence did n't help the peace process , but it sure helped blind people such as yourself who subsequently drank the likud koolaid . 
  dude . 
  it 's considered good etiquette on discussion boards , not just reddit . 
  an edited comment has a little * next to it - the information about what the edit was is to let other readers know what that * was for . 
  otherwise they might think that you pulled a bait n ' switch on someone for example by editing your comment to make their reply sound retarded . 
  you mean his worldview is so disconnected from yours , saturated in israeli propaganda and oblivious to world ( clearly including the us now ) opinion as yours is , that you wo n't even try to engage or reply because you realise it will reveal the complete unreasonability of the israeli position ? 
  if herzog is unwilling to offer what palestine and the world considers a bare minimum , then perhaps even the most `` reasonable '' israeli government position will have to be rethought ... 
  as another redditor said so eloquently yesterday : `` i say tomato , you say something fucked up '' !, 
  your `` argument '' is so steeped in the self-righteous , one-sided , vilely racist israeli discourse that no argument will even cause you to waver from your grossly distorted understanding of what 's going on so let 's just agree to disagree . 
  you can wallow in your self-righteous inhumanity whilst i 'll read widely and retain my sympathy for the innocent victims of both sides . 
  enjoy your bigotry !, 
  it 's often said the more stupid people are the more secure they are in their convictions and confident in their opinions . 
  you are living proof of this axiom . 
  i admit there are reasonable aspects to the behaviour of the leaders of both hamas and likud - can you do the same ? 
  oh great , * another * false accusation of anti-semitism . 
  i always save these for the threads where people deny they happen . 
  thanks !, 
  self-defence is one way of looking at it , but if you read any independent review of the sequence of events you 'll find your certainty of israel 's role as being that of innocent victim shaken if not outright destroyed . 
  of course the israeli press wo n't publish any such independent reportage and you 're probably too inculcated with the israeli discourse to be able to accept anything that 's not your usual fare of propaganda , but why do n't you try reading something ? 
  look , wikipedia will do - you can certainly access that !, 
  i read widely and am uninvested in the whole situation other than as an interested observer and concerned humanist . 
  why do you think * the whole world * , now including the usa are supporting the palestinian position ? 
  are we * all * anti-semites ? 
  have you ever heard the aphorism about if everyone you meet is an arsehole perhaps it 's you whose got the personality problem ? 
  i 'm not pissed off and i do n't think my tone was angry or bitter . 
  it was actually pretty objective . 
  i never said anything about `` the jews '' ; i just asked you to read something not published by the jpost !, 
  how is that a hateful rant about israel ? 
  please quote the parts of my comment that constituted a `` hateful rant '' ... 
  err , i * did * ask you to quote me , but not some random snippet - just the `` hateful rant '' ... 
  oh child !, 
  seems like it 's too hard for you to though , lol . 
  either you 're a very sensitive little flower who ca n't bear to repeat the * horrid * things i said , or your accusations were hyperbole you ca n't back up . 
  whilst i 'm willing to believe you are indeed that fragile a character , tbh i actually lean towards the hyperbole theory . 
  been fun talking though , you guys crack me up !, 
  how is what i wrote an ad hominem attack ? 
  i said i did n't think you were n't quoting me from sensitivity , but lack of source material to quote . 
  it was rhetoric . 
  you need to chill out with the attempts at taking cheap shots without supporting evidence . 
  you have a great day/night or whatever it is wherever you are . 
  whose angry now ? 
  i notice you * still * have n't supported * any * of your range of accusations , but have rather just chosen to keep trying out different attack vectors . 
  whilst amusing , it 's growing tedious so i 'm going to say adios here whatever outlandish claim you make in your inevitable reply . 
  you should be happy - i 've just handed you the last word !, 
  in east jerusalem it * is * ok under international law ... 
  i think that sanctions against israel are practically inevitable given netanyahu 's recently stated position and the us response to it . 
  the eu have long considered sanctions ; the illegal actions of israel throughout the occupied territories are likely to be the flashpoint that triggers these , but ultimately they will be driven by a range of factors , not least netanyahu 's intransigence when it comes to refusing a negotiated , two-state solution and the egregious human rights abuses committed under his government 's aegis . 
  i 'd love to go to iran for so many reasons . 
  such an interesting , ancient culture with all that entails as well as a vibrant modern state . 
  we should all be rooting for the recent thaw in western-iranian relations to continue , not that that is necessary to visit there . 
  my dad goes there regularly on business and absolutely loves the country and his people . 
  one of these days i 'll join him . 
  most / r/aww posts - unless you suggest eating the animal in question you 're pretty much going to get upvoted . 
  just do n't post a picture of your baby . 
  they do not like babies in / r/aww . 
  these types of artefacts always amaze me with their survival - like the hoplite helmets you see occasionally . 
  the quality of the craftsmanship and the fact of their survival both blow me away . 
  he 's describing the outrageous israeli narrative whereby only israel is `` singled out '' for its `` minor transgressions '' when `` there are so many countries that are so much worse '' . 
  it 's designed to play to the israeli populations manufactured victim complex to shore up israeli support for their government 's illegal and brutal actions ; it certainly does n't fool the rest of the world !, 
  that israelis , young israelis in particular , wholeheartedly drink that kool-aid is demonstrated in the virulently hateful comments posted daily in / r/worldnews that demonstrate absolute indifference to the suffering of the palestinian people . 
  their basic human empathy has been sucked out of them by the indoctrination program that the israeli government promulgates via its internally targeted ( and to the world jewish diaspora ) propaganda . 
  nobody else buys it though any more . 
  the facts speak for themselves . 
  you mean the recent nbc interview when he back-pedalled from his initial position which was literally ( from [cnn.com ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/03/16/middleeast/israel-netanyahu-palestinian-state/ ) - this was just the first non-pay walled link i could find in a list of thousands ... ) :, 
   asked by an interviewer with the israeli news site , nrg , if it was true that a palestinian nation would never be formed while he 's prime minister , netanyahu replied , `` indeed . '', 
  the post election comments are clearly dissimulation , aimed at western leaders to deflect the wave of outrage his original comments immediately drew . 
  ( eg : us removal of hezbollah and iran from terrorist threat list , progress on iran nuclear deal , us govt . 
  commentary on palestine negotiations and possibility of sanctions and diplomatic intervention and now these - entirely predictable - eu comments ... ), 
  when was he lying ? 
  who knows , the guy could n't lie straight in bed , but his actions during the 2013 talks strongly indicate that his pre-election comments indicate his real position . 
  i 'm talking about undisputed facts like the murder of over 2000 palestinian civilians during israel 's latest failed assault on gaza following the breakdown of a ceasefire agreement that occurred when israel fired a missile into gaza , prompting the hamas response . 
  or the immense difficulties palestinian women and children face trying to cross out of gaza to access medical help that is unavailable in their besieged home . 
  heck , let 's start with the basics : israel 's illegal occupation of territory within the green line , the continued building of new and expansion of existing settlements and the ongoing violence of settlers towards the native inhabitants ... 
  of course none of this is reported as such , if at all , by the israeli media ( internal propaganda machine ) so of course you have only been exposed to such viewpoints on reddit where you come to disseminate * your * , israeli government approved point of view and dispute , downvote and derogate any opinions that conflict with that government sanctioned `` opinion '' of yours ... 
  these issues are reported elsewhere in the world exactly as i have presented them , however , as the israeli government 's propaganda is ever more clearly revealed as a web of lies , designed to try to cover the horrific truth with a veneer of justification for the world 's consumption as it is within the regime 's own domain . 
  the world does n't buy it though - unlike you we * do n't * drink the kool-aid . 
  unlike you we are capable of independent thought . 
  this is why the peace process is so very difficult - the israeli point of view ignores international laws that do n't suit its ends , treaty agreements that are no longer convenient and the inherent truth that the palestinian people exist , living on land they have continuously inhabited for thousands of years and to which they have a greater natural right than the illegal israeli occupying forces and illegal settlers to not merely exist on , but live on and prosper - the most fundamental of human rights . 
  israel is a fact . 
  it is a nation with some admirable traits and i am not arguing and do not wish to see its destruction in any sense to the slightest extent . 
  the palestinians also deserve a homeland to enjoy and live freely in too though - why can the israeli right not see that ?
