  that is a horrendously influential position for such unapologetic extremist bigots to be in . 
  the thing is that in israel three senior cabinet positions are held by these extremists . 
  that is half of all thj mks holding very influential and powerful positions in the government - education ( bennett ) , justice ( shaked ) and agriculture ( ariel ) . 
  other countries may have right-wing representatives elected into their parliament , but they do n't give them senior cabinet posts !, 
   in his own way, 
  that 's an understatement , ha ha . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  i think nutella 's a sweet name . 
  this is without a doubt the coolest cosplay post i have seen in this sub - even without * any * boobs !, 
  she certainly knows her demographic , that much is indisputable . 
  deeply unimpressed from the looks of things ... 
  smart move israel , it 's not like collective punishment * ever * backfires or anything after all , is it ? 
  and as far from the truth as any catchphrase , ever ... 
  an eye for an eye just leaves everyone blind ; randomly punishing people for something they did n't do is not the way to prevent another incident . 
  that 's all i meant . 
  that 's the billion dollar question , is n't it ? 
  at a basic level i would suggest that deterrence is not working and a more constructive approach needs to be considered . 
  all of the repressive measures taken so far have n't stopped terrorist attacks and by this point it seems very clear that the palestinians * wo n't * be dissuaded by mass reprisals such as these . 
  the net effect is thus just the perpetuation of suffering on both sides : innocent israelis are being killed/injured and having to live in a climate of fear , while palestinians are living under horrible conditions and regularly being killed/injured too . 
  the only people benefitting are the extremists on each side as the moderates suffer in silence , but naturally are less willing or able to limit the extremists ' behaviour than they would in better circumstances . 
  this just gives the extremists the freedom they need to act out and carry on their twisted ideologies of violence . 
  obviously a political solution is the only answer which will really work long term , but equally obviously the current situation is simply not conducive to reaching a political solution ; there are simply too many issues in the way at this point in time . 
  the first thing then that needs to be done is to try to remove as many of those issues as possible , and the way to do that has to be building relationships between those people in each camp who do just want to live their lives in peace . 
  a good start would be trying to limit the damage done by every incident instead of piling on the hurt in such an arbitrary manner . 
  demonstrating restraint will at least prevent further resentment . 
  of course the perpetrators need to be punished , but punished judicially and then , i would suggest , worked with in prison by way of education and engagement to try to turn them so they at least do n't spread their contagion of hatred to others . 
  obviously it would n't work with all such individuals , but every person it does is one more small step towards an ultimate , lasting peace . 
  i know what i am suggesting goes against the atavistic human urge for revenge , but revenge is n't working , is it ? 
  no , the revocation of such a privilege is not retaliation ; however , the measures described in the article go well beyond that . 
  tbh , i can understand why that has been done and ca n't really argue with it : this attack was horrific and hamas not only celebrating it , but also promising more violence during ramadan is a threat that has to be taken seriously , particularly as this is far from the first violent event during the ramadan period . 
  i was more referring to this part :, 
   in addition , the military says it has frozen israeli work permits for 204 of the attackers ' relatives , and is preventing palestinians from leaving and entering the west bank village of yatta , the attackers ' home . 
  the whole village is not responsible , even if there have been other terrorists from there in the past . 
  turn your device off and stamp on it repeatedly . 
  oh ok , the article did n't mention that ; in context i have to consider those measures as reasonable too . 
  i personally disagree with the home demolitions , as i 'm sure you know , but if it 's going to be done then it is better to avoid turning it into a battleground . 
  intelligence gathering for targeted punishment , or better still prevention of further atrocities , is an obvious measure that has to be taken too . 
  with all that in mind , i have to say i think this article is a bit sensationalist , from the headline on down . 
  i wonder if they post stories about their daily commute to r/travel then ? 
  how parochial must your outlook be for it to be possible to associate a * commute * with * travelling * ? 
  ok , yes - in a strictly literalist sense you are travelling from a to b , but how anyone could possibly equate that with what people mean when they talk about travelling escapes my comprehension entirely . 
  still , when you only have one or two weeks of holidays a year , or whatever it is they get there , i suppose your options are pretty limited straight off the bat . 
  may as well just clock up a few more ks on the freeways , it 's not really enough time to go anywhere interesting for anything but the most superficial of visits anyway , is it ? 
  gyoza ? 
  that kitty could fuck . 
  you . 
  the mental gymnastics required to absolutely refute that the zionists did , in fact , start the conflict by claiming sovereignty over land that other people already long-inhabited , initially by virtue of some mystical mumbo-jumbo about it being `` their promised land '' , are , to people outside your little ultra-zionist clique , literally jaw-dropping . 
  when will you accept that if palestine had not been chosen by the zionists there would quite simply be no conflict and that by virtue of that fact alone their descendants , the israelis , * must * accept a great part of the moral burden for the ongoing violence and suffering ? 
  israel now is and should now remain , but , that said , it is time for israelis to stop acting all shocked and outraged by the conflict ; stop constantly and disingenuously claiming `` what , we just wanted to live here - all this fighting over land is * totes * not * our * fault , the palestinians just hate jews because they 're muslims , not thanks to anything we 've * done * '' . 
  reply with some tediously banal denial . 
  throw mud at me , the palestinians , the un , the british , the eu , iran , the arabs : whomever you want . 
  it does n't change anything , it just means you get to prolong enjoyment of the little hate buzz you clearly derive from your polemical tracts . 
  try to distract attention from the salient core of what i just wrote , whatever . 
  i do n't care what you think , and it 's increasingly apparent others do n't either . 
  edit : deleted some text . 
  `` what ? 
  responsible in any way for the outcomes of our actions , us ? 
  how * dare * he say such a thing ! '', 
  oh u/tayaravaknin , never change . 
  this is just * the * most perfect response i could have hoped for from you . 
  most of your classic tropes are contained within , but when you reply to this could you please do your `` palestinians are the ones doing apartheid '' bit too ? 
  have n't seen it for a while and it always puts a smile on my face . 
  i shall edit the offending final paragraph and please accept my apologies ; i had tried to phrase such as would not trigger you , but i am evidently too clumsy with my language . 
  no , the zionist immigrants arrived in an existing country - it just was n't yet a modern * nation state * . 
  the country of palestine actually predates even the kingdom of israel by some two centuries according to the archaeological record ; the modern nation state would have emerged inline with the intended conclusion of the mandate post-wwii had israel not kicked off seventy years of conflict by unilaterally declaring `` independence '' and attacking not just the indigenous population , but even their erstwhile allies , the british . 
  the israelis must certainly bear responsibility for initiating the situation , but that does n't mean they are solely responsible , which if you read my comment through again i am sure you will see is perfectly clear . 
  all the zionists had to do was try to live in harmony with their hosts - see how this goes ? 
  i was just commenting that to those not caught up in nationalistic fervour it seems bizarre that israelis and pro-israelis such as yourself wo n't accept * any * responsibility . 
  i did n't actually ask you accept * all * . 
  not only is this conversation already tedious and increasingly circular , it 's also pointless . 
  this post is getting buried , fast , so nobody else will read it anyway and believe me i do n't write to try to enlighten you . 
  you just * have to * love the spook if you 're into warplanes imo . 
  i know their nickname was `` double-ugly '' , but to me they 're beautiful . 
  even more so when you consider what a feat of aeronautical engineering they actually were . 
  the fact that a fighter plane designed originally in the 1950s is still in frontline service today with a number of very modern , nato air forces speaks volumes . 
  this sea camouflage is also the classic phantom ii look in my eyes , redolent as it is of the aircraft 's long service over vietnam . 
  yes , i mean chicago is after all right next to the terrorist-filled warzone of ... er , well , canada ... 
  bots maybe ? 
  lol, 
  no , no , no . 
  you just do n't get it - this guy has * ghost peppers * growing in his garden . 
  maybe the server liked you ? 
  look to see if there 's a phone number written on it !, 
  now you 'll end up addicted . 
  poor little chap , glad he 's picking himself up ( toys ) again . 
  what about the lettuce ? 
  or did you mean a bct pie maybe ? 
  sometimes i do , but sometimes i do n't . 
  i * try * to pop the kernels out whole rather than just tearing at them like a rabid badger , but if i miss some bits i can handle leaving scraps behind . 
  yeah , it 's not actually as bad as you expect it to be . 
  got raided a couple of times when i was living in tikrit and while it was pretty intense we ended up shooting our way out both times . 
  looks great if you 're a spectator !, 
  this one time i 'd just been out grabbing some weed and missed a raid by about two minutes , so i got to watch the whole thing from about 200m away . 
  it was pretty cool . 
  idk , i think most first hand witnesses are either dead , in custody or not on reddit for some other reason , you know ? 
  there 's * always * entertainment billboards in photos from la , or so it seems to me . 
  i think it started centuries ago in english slurs against their french foes in the middle-ages ( it 's said the british two-fingered `` up yours '' version of flipping the bird dates to that era when english archers flashed their fingers at the french , who always cut the fingers off captured english bowmen ) , transmitted by folklore and language and pushed along by later wars , then reinforced by the defeat suffered in wwii . 
  the american cultural perception would have been inherited from the british culture that seeded america 's then independently reinforced by the usa having to go and fight in france to reclaim the land from the germans twice in the 20th century . 
  that depends if you want to characterise your wife as a `` rabid badger '' i guess . 
  i 'd say neither of you are weird ... for the way you * eat * your corn , at least , though may i suggest obsessing about it quite so much might not be entirely healthy in and of itself .
