  america is large enough , despite its culturally homogeneous nature , for pockets of naturally-coloured cheeses to survive and not be culturally taboo , but even celebrated . 
  wisconsin is the main example of this so-called `` modern naturally-coloured cheeses eating '' us subculture , though nowhere else is an entire state `` natcheesy '' ( as the `` norms '' , or orange cheese eating subcultural groups , call natural-coloured cheese eating populations ) . 
  i can only guess that you live within one of these natcheesy culture communities , perhaps even wisconsin itself ? 
  honestly i am a zionist . 
  i 100 % support israel 's right to continued existence and as a home to the jewish people , as i regularly attest . 
  i just feel the palestinian people should also enjoy that same basic human right . 
  think what you like , but that 's how it is ( imo ) . 
  they have certainly opened the door to its use as a source . 
  wow , i was talking nationhood and you 're talking * right to exist * ? 
  and * they * are the ones who believe the other side should be destroyed ? 
  how is `` do n't deserve to exist '' * any * better than , well , anything ? 
  smh . 
  and , to top it all off , * you * are accusing * me * of bias . 
  please go away now . 
  whatabout the miami dolphins ? 
  do they ? 
  isis is a terrorist organisation , not a ethnicity/people/nation as are the palestinians . 
  or is it your view that the palestinians are literally equivalent to isis ? 
  you know what ? 
  i do n't even want to know , i can guess . 
  please just go away now - i find grotesque bigotry offensive . 
  i 've been to america twice - once a road trip from pa to fl , the second az to ca . 
  and i 'm doing my anthropology doctorate in contemporary american primitivism . 
  so yeah , i know a bit . 
  i have studied this very subject as part of my doctoral studies , so i think i know a * little * bit more about america 's anomalous cheese production and consumption patterns than you do , with all due respect . 
  excuse me , but forgive me if i choose to believe respected academics over someone on reddit 's anecdotes . 
  i 'm sure if you know where to look and have the right physical appearance you * can * buy naturally coloured cheeses in much , if not most of the country . 
  you know , like a first generation immigrant ( typically store owners requiring under the table , `` grey-market '' , natural coloured cheese customers to be wearing their appropriate traditional national costume ) , or a hipster , of course . 
  nor , it appears between being a doctoral student and * being * able to spell . 
  this is all anecdotal - anyway there 's no need to list cheese dye . 
  food is allowed a certain of percentage mouse droppings or cockroach droppings , but you do n't see * that * listed either , do you ? 
  well in america , the cultural taboo against undyed cheese is * so * strong that the fda specifically excludes cheesedye from the secret cheese control statutes they operate from . 
  shit , you have probably never even seen a truly naturally coloured cheese in all its yellow to blue glory and do n't even realise you 've been had all along !, 
  have you ever been overseas ? 
  see there you go again , presenting your opinion as fact . 
  to people who are not as partisan as you are , both seem just as credible tbh . 
  both have agendas . 
  both tell the story through the prism of that bias . 
  what proof do you have for us that palwatch.org allows no editorial negative bias input to creep into how it presents its information , or that ifamericansknew.com is any less honest than palwatch is in its intent ? 
  it 's just your opinion . 
  and your bias is glaringly obvious . 
  embarrassingly so , for someone trying to argue their lack thereof as you are . 
  that expression ... 
  there * has * to be another season of * the wire * in this story ... 
  they might have used a firearms statute to ban the things , but let 's not get confused about what is and is n't gun control . 
  gun control is why we do n't have dallas-style massacres . 
  this might ba nanny state issue , but it 's not actually a gun control issue . 
  remember though how many german divisions were tied up occupying france to norway ( twelve divisions garrisoning norway throughout the war iirc - divisions that incidentally surrendered in place , without even fighting in the end ) , how many would britain have required ? 
  ( there was a division just for the channel islands , which are * tiny * ! ), 
  having to garrison britain too would have probably actually reduced the forces available for * barbarossa * . 
  the british government had plans to withdraw to canada and continue fighting using imperial resources , meaning britain would not have stopped being at the very least an irritant to the nazis . 
  also , remember that hitler declared war on the usa unilaterally , it is thought in the hope that the soviets would declare war on the japanese ( with whom the ussr actually signed a non-aggression pact ) . 
  would russia have even been able to beat germany without the american and british arms that were shipped from britain to murmansk , past norway ? 
  lend-lease was more than a trickle . 
  i 'm not saying your analysis is wrong , just that there were a lot of interwoven elements to the points you raise which make working out the hypothetical outcomes even harder . 
  just doing his job ... 
  whose a good boy ? 
  that 's the difference between herpes and love . 
  it 's called a joey , ya dingbat !, 
  at least he 's not blaming serbians i guess , which is definitely a step in right direction for the balkans . 
  very nice . 
  those are n't people ; they 're ancient , woad-painted briton warriors finally risen to challenge the might of rome !, 
  no more waltzing matilda for he ... 
  wow , that 's pretty bleak man . 
  i hope things pick up for you . 
  i 'm not going to offer platitudes , but i have been through some shitty times too and ended up coming out pretty good . 
  that 's a sultry look , and a nice orange sweater !, 
  she 's hot , but i bet that mountain water is cold . 
  a good guide to grammar , spelling and general usage of the english language . 
  this is an awesome shot of a total beast of an aircraft . 
  just a really great piece of warplane porn . 
  ok , in that case i guess it should be `` at least he 's not blaming the bosniaks '' then . 
  there are still quite noticeable ethnic tensions in bih ; as you drive between the bosniak/croat areas and republika srpska it 's very noticeable that on the serb side the latin place names on road signs are often spray-painted over so only the cyrillic ( serb ) names are visible ( and vice versa on the bosniak/croat areas ) . 
  though , my op was just a joke and not meant to be taken as seriously as you are quite clearly taking it . 
  i 'm 1/4 croat myself , so it was kind of natural to point fingers at the serbs for me due to my own , osmotically absorbed via my cousins ( in zagreb , split and on brac & hvar ) , bias . 
  on a serious note though , it * is * much better that this man is blaming aliens , not his neighbours , whomever they may be !, 
  this would be a positive in any conflict-scarred community : aliens are an enemy we can * all * get behind after all !, 
   why are sources only requested when the topic is about israel ? 
  the pro-israel/anti-palestinian/anti-peace ( whatever name you prefer to use ) gang * loves * demanding sources , more so than we neutrals . 
  * whenever * the daily mail is the source , on * any * topic , alternate sources are regularly requested . 
  your false persecution-complex , national paranoid delusions or however you prefer to have this mindset referred to , combined with confirmation bias , is what makes you think * only israeli * claims are asked for supporting evidence , but it is a completely and utterly false claim , totally unsupported by any kind of rational , let alone empirical , thought/evidence on the matter . 
  tl ; dr : it 's * not * only israelis who are asked for sources - israelis are no more uniquely victimised in that regard than israel is in any other sense , despite the powerful national crybully narrative . 
  you * chose * to interpret them as rhetorical rather than answering , that was not my intent . 
  the intent is pretty clear , even in context , especially by the third time i asked , and claiming you thought i was rhetorically accusing you of * something * speaks more to your own paranoid delusions than my phrasing . 
  * you * never mentioned bias * specifically * , but it has been a component of the conversation throughout . 
  bias has a massive impact on how trustworthy as source is . 
  you ca n't just unilaterally pick and choose which words or concepts in a multiparty conversation count , any more than israel can unilaterally decide questions of international law . 
  it 's a weak , semantic argument and indicative of your hubris more than anything else going on itt . 
  dear god , like fox is * any * better !, 
  next up breitbart and the algemeiner for some more totally trustworthy , unbiased and non-partisan reporting !, 
  note : the terms * unbiased * and * non-partisan * are not used here in their english language sense , but the specific technical meaning employed when defending highly biased , partisan and bigoted israeli propaganda sources . 
  any misunderstanding of these meanings are the palestinians ' fault . 
  like everything else . 
  afaik it is another cockpit with flight controls , not a missionised rear cockpit as per a f -- 15e ( or any of the country specific anaolgues - sa , sg , s , i , k - for that matter ) . 
  the japanese eagle 's are used purely in an air superiority role and the djs attached to squadrons for training purposes , rather than due to the advantages in sa a second crew-member provides . 
  f-15b / d/dj models are all fully mission capable though , as opposed to a mig-29ub trainer which lacks radar , for example . 
  as per the title , this is a wwii plane - just not during wwii !, 
  the a-26k was a heavily upgraded evolution of the basic invader which increased the aircraft 's available flight hours after several structural failures suffered by original model airframes over vietnam/laos and in training and gave the already powerful aircraft even more punch !, 
  developed in the mid - '60s by a californian firm , the counter invaders served in vietnam over the ho chi minh trail , particularly in the night interdiction role , until aircraft such as the ac-130a spectre became available and took over . 
  these aircraft seen here are photographed at rtafb nakhon phanom ( aka nkp , or `` naked fanny '' ) and flew with the 6th sos ( special operations squadron , descended from the 6th air commando squadron ) between 1967-69 .
