  also , there must be tens , if not hundreds , of thousands of descendants of william running around , so claiming descent does n't even make one * that * special a snowflake anyway . 
  i 'm just surprised he did n't claim to be ragnar lothbrok 's 31th great grandson tbh . 
  some medication is affected by the different filler formulation - the example that springs to mind is roche valium being significantly more effective than generic diazepam due to the absorption the fillers used in each allow . 
  yeah , that guy sounds * absolutely charming * , does n't he ? 
  as a representative of breitbart though he sounds entirely representative - they regularly spit hate , if not in quite so ludicrous a fashion as this particular jerk . 
  star spangled banner, 
  r/pickles /, 
  r/pickle /, 
  r/picklemilitia /, 
  my mistake - the article said `` breitbart-like '' , not breitbart itself . . 
  yeah , i see a lot of people projecting a lot of crap onto jews generally , and israelis specifically , dependent on their own mental tics . . 
  i actually get a fair few random hate pms from people `` accusing '' me of being a jew due to my username ( which would - i am sure - make some subscribers here laugh a bitter , ironic little laugh ) when i say something random , about anything , they do n't happen to like . 
  so , while obviously i ca n't share a full understanding of what it 's like , i have seen the ugly dynamic you 're talking about in action . . 
  i do n't see why he thinks jews being paranoid of nazis is somehow bad , unreasonable or difficult to understand either . 
  i mean , is he serious ? 
  i dislike nazis immensely just being a normal human being , but really if anyone has any reason to be paranoid about them it is surely jews . 
  ( that said i think `` paranoid '' is not the right word given how justified the hatred/fear is in actual fact . . ), 
  [ that must be why insurance companies rate women as safer drivers after analysing all the data on accidents they hold ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/cars/news/women-are-better-drivers-than-men-says-new-survery/ ) . 
  i like sikhs , they are nice people . 
   tens , if not hundreds , *** of thousands *** of descendants of william, 
   hundreds, 
  but yes , having read the responses it seems that even 900,000 ( the max my op would allow for ) is lowballing the actual number !, 
  actually , as catholics , i believe irish * do * eat their own babies , but obviously only at easter . 
  please do n't . 
  a lot of commenters here seem to suffer from the same lack of comprehension of what a truly constitutes left/right/centre vs radical and conservative as most americans do . 
  i guess it 's probably people whose political knowledge is primarily gained from reddit . 
  so they * can * turn it off ? 
  how would you suggest that is policed though , and by whom ? 
  who 's to say what they were doing ( in the absence of a complaint ) when the camera is off , if it can be turned off ? 
  they have other things to worry about without needing to change memory cards/batteries too i would have thought , and the fact they would need changing also means the circumstances in which a change was required in the middle of an incident would inevitably occur . 
  i do n't think i have the answer , it 's just interesting considering the practicalities . 
  certainly the cameras are good for everyone doing the right thing ( both members of the police and members of the public ) , but the issue is n't with those who are doing the righty anyway . . 
  i suppose gps location for the police at all times is part of the solution too , as that would make lying in logs much more difficult while simultaneously not allowing police to disappear into dangerous situations . 
  thanks for explaining your thoughts in such detail , your effort is appreciated . 
  it 's better when people express what they think when the opportunity arises . 
  much more interesting than people who just reflexively mash downvote too . 
  poignantly . . 
  very poignant . 
  that [ divertless supersonic intake ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diverterless_supersonic_inlet ) design is very f-35 , which was the first aircraft design to incorporate that type of intake outside of test and development platforms modified to employ it , so i would be surprised if this pre-dated f-35 designs being released . . 
  i could be wrong as the concept was understood earlier , but even the raptor has diverter plates on its intakes . 
  where ? 
  what on earth is that thing on her head ? 
  drugs are a significant problem , and a complex issue that ca n't simply be wished away with a `` decriminalise or legalise everything and poof : magic rainbow unicorn time '' ; however , the current approach is clearly failing in every regard . 
  people are still dying , becoming addicted , committing crimes and enjoying all of the other lovely sundry benefits drug use offers , and criminals are still making millions feeding off that . 
  meanwhile , those people who use drugs recreationally are , ipso facto , being made into criminals despite the fact many would not even consider engaging in any other crime which not only impacts them personally in a legal sense ( which is a shame , though it * is * an issue with taking drugs everyone is cognisant of before they start and a factor everyone must consider individually . . ) , but also makes the behaviour more risky in terms of health issues . 
  it also wastes police time and resources criminalising what should be a health issue . 
  i will never be convinced that meth can be used safely by the vast majority of users , and so i find the concept of such drugs as those being handed out problematic , but certainly weed and a raft of other drugs could , and i would argue should , be regulated , taxed and treated as a health issue . 
  even heroin can be administered safely to existing addicts , as overseas programs ( eg the netherlands ) have proved , and even meth and other extremely destructive drugs should be treated as a health issue for users if not dealers . 
  it would be great though , as others have noted , if he had got up on his hind legs to talk about this while on active duty . 
  i do n't know if i share the cynicism of those who believe current police are motivated to not speak out * solely * by the desire to preserve their funding ( although i am sure it is an factor ) , but in any case the police enforce laws while politicians write them . 
  however , a unified front by serving police could certainly serve as a wake-up call to the pollies who bury their heads in the sand while the state makes `` war '' on those it ought really protect . 
  i am quite partial to the ` goynes and think your review captures this expression nicely . 
  i have had bottles of this and the 21 , and enjoy them both a lot . 
  as you say , this is quite a light dram , but i have being enjoying this style as well as the very rich sherry bombs which can sometimes be a bit too heady for a daily dram . 
  yeah , i think that 's your own prejudices showing mate - the op was n't passing judgement and even has a serious tag . 
  talking about being gay is not showing bias - the refusal to allow such discussion otoh . . 
  yeah , the 21yo is a great dram imo - everything you like about the 18 on steroids !, 
  much richer , but still balanced . 
  worth the price i think ; although not on a level with my [ whisky collection 's current top sherry-bomb ] ( https://www.thewhiskyexchange.com/p/32461/glendronach-1993-23-year-old-oloroso-butt-40 ) it is a fair bit cheaper and more readily available ( ie i can buy it at my local bottle-oh here in aus whereas i had to travel to london for the '93 glendro ) i will definitely pick myself up another bottle when i need another great sherry bomb expression for the cabinet . 
  the cs is also excellent value , it 's a classic ` goyne expression ( a lot like the 15yo , which is another good bottle that definitely represents value for money ) , but with that cs punch . 
  not as rich as an a'bunadh or glenfarclas 105 , but certainly worth picking up . 
   i 'm fine with immigration but but, 
  and there it is , the inevitable `` but '' that follows a racist 's spewing forth of their views on immigrants , foreigners , etc. . 
   maybe the problem is the lack of jobs in rural towns and cities , not the evil foreigners ? 
  just ignore the parts of any comment that would prevent you from jumping up on that soapbox why do n't you mate ? 
  did i say the comment was in and of itself racist ? 
  no , i did n't . 
  that `` but '' certainly reveals the author 's inner thoughts though , and that is all i commented on . . 
  this sub cracks me up , it 's absolutely hilarious how so many commenters are so uptight and ( ill-informed ) ultra-left-wing about anything - until it 's dirty foreigners being allowed in on visas to `` use our footpaths '' , take our jerbs and buy property , natch . 
  unless , of course , said foreigner tried to illegally enter by way of people smuggler 's boat , in which case the consensus seems to be `` welcome them with open arms '' . 
  not with the forward angle angled intake leading edge and bump . 
  if you read his comment history he regularly mouths off about china . 
  people with an agenda do n't have to explicitly articulate that agenda to put ideas in people 's heads . 
  ha ha , thank you - i only deleted it because i thought it could perhaps be misinterpreted as being rude , but if you 're happy for the world to see it i sure as fuck am too . 
  i * really * appreciate you going to so much effort too !, 
  it 's a good rule for the internet in general , and essential for one 's sanity . 
  for context , this happened in queensland , which is essentially australia 's florida . 
  hot hot wings - the chilli is the addictive part , but wings are the perfect delivery method . 
  is that right now ? 
  plitvice is amazing , but i would not want to be stuck trying to walk through there if it were like this . . 
  i think it 's probably beautiful no matter what time of year one visits , although perhaps beautiful in different senses . 
  i went in early autumn and it was jaw-dropping , but very tranquil and idyllic , whereas in your photo it looks very wild and fierce . 
  it would be amazing to see when so swollen with water !, 
  it 's an amazing place . 
  i have been once , but would happily go back again , at any time of year . 
  i have also visited [ krka national park ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/krka_national_park ) , which is similar ( although smaller ) and well worth a look if you get the opportunity . 
  it 's nice because you can swim there too . 
  yeah , i have tried a dram in a bar , but am yet to buy a bottle . 
  definitely a special dram that one !, 
  i get all my trump information from auntie and think you are wrong , both about cheeto benito and about the abc . 
  um , he * is * trying for the mental plea , as you put it . 
  it 's been very widely reported ; in fact the link titled [ perth father who set daughter alight claims insanity ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-03-16/father-doused-children-in-petrol-set-one-alight-gets-judge-trial/8360062 ) is right there under the picture . 
  darwin 's in the nt - this was * queensland * mate . 
  perhaps what 's needed is a new `` banana bender award '' for those who go above and beyond the requirements of the darwin award , yet somehow survive to guzzle another xxxx ? 
  fuck off muppet cunt . 
  did you enjoy that bit of australian usage of the english language ? 
  only now ? 
  oh boy , you 're in trouble . . 
  in australia one may just borrow books from a library after becoming a member , without having to pay anything . 
  interesting how different this is - we would probably refer to it as a `` book exchange '' .
