  yep . ), 
  butthurt much , little guy ? 
  probably sucks down that daily gallon of coke to make * sure * he ca n't serve , despite masturbating to the thought of pulling an elor `` the butcher of hebron '' azaria-style murder every night . 
  yep , credit where credit 's due : you certainly have fought the good fight against his vile bigotry and racism unremittingly . 
  you 're a hoot !, 
  i wish i could just reach out across the internet and give your head a friendly little encouraging pat , but you 'll just have to imagine it because that 's not how the internet works . 
  anyway , fwiw : < internet pat on head / , 
  hey guys , check out u/tayaravaknin here - despite being the one who was banned by r/worldnews 's objective and impartial moderators for his unrestrained bigotry and hate speech , he * still * ca n't accept that * he 's * the little hitler in this story . 
  at least you 're not a quitter , taytay . 
  that 's a positive trait , i guess . 
  just turn down the bigotry a notch ( well , a few notches ) and people might actually care about what you think , lol . 
  he * is * a murderous , bigoted thug , much like nazis and exactly as you point out . 
  one thing : * i * do n't idolise any violent thugs , be they idf , ss or any other collection of letters . 
  sorry to not fit your stereotype , but not all pro-peace-in-the-me advocates are nazis , you know ? 
  yep , they 're all * neo-nazis * : u/tayaravaknin does n't stoop to calling everyone anti-semites just because they disagree with his extremist ideology . 
  mona is amazing , best gallery i have been to anywhere in the world overall i would have to say . 
  i love the physical space as much as the exhibitions i think , that massive rusted shell in incredible in and of itself . 
  camo is n't a colour . 
  yeah , but we do n't care about brisbane . 
  not vought a-7 corsairs in 1966 , they did n't enter service till 1967 . 
  those are vought f-8 / rf-8 crusaders ( longer , with pointier noses compared to a-7s - the a-7 was developed based on the f-8 ) , douglas a-4 skyhawks , grumman s-2 tracker , kaman seasprite and an a-1 skyraider visible on deck in this photo . 
  hillary clinton . 
  why , when you can just scream `` cuuuuuuuuuuunt !!!, 
  cunty fucking motherfucker !!!, 
  and so on . 
  much more satisfying than saying `` christmas tree '' . 
  and us cops wonder why they have community relations issues ... 
  like [ useless loop ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useless_loop,_western_australia ) in shark bay , western australia , named by a similarly unimpressed explorer . 
  yeah , i had to do the same !, 
  different f-8 variants had differently shaped radomes too , some being more pointy ( as with the rf-8 we see furthest forward ) , while others are larger and rounder . 
  this was , i believe , a result of better radars being fitted as the aircraft evolved . 
  yeah , that makes sense - this gives off a heavy vibe !, 
  i bet all the cops on reddit got hard when they saw it though ... 
  walmart, 
  a pistol and a bottle of spirits is , i think , perhaps a more complete analogy , but yes , i believe you just hit the nail on the head . 
  looks good , i like frogs ' legs . 
  fuck off , you do n't really expect us to believe that now , do you ? 
  ( australian ), 
  ha ha , black and white !, 
  good pun , were you going for the `` black and white '' cop car nickname pun . 
  or the white cops kill black kids one ? 
  as a non-american it can be hard to know . 
  some of you have a sense of humour of sorts , but others are so terribly * earnest * ( it 's quite creepy , actually ) . 
  i always think of americans as dicks tbh , be they hard-working or not . 
  america . 
  yes . 
  do you really think they 're * not * ? 
  americans are so na\u00efve . 
  netanyahu hopes for a lot of horrific things : this one the only one not so utterly grotesque and obscene it could actually be printed . 
  yep , this is the least bad of his dreams and aspirations . 
  yes . 
  besides , one learns enough about america from tv , it 's such a facile culture that literally everything is recorded and turned into a big deal . 
  rt.com is good if you are interested . 
  you ? 
  the * mayflower * , which was full of puritans are a famous one . 
  they 're the people whose historical events are celebrated at thanksgiving . 
  i 'm not american either , but i thought that was reasonably widely known about ? 
  certainly true , but right-wing israelis/supporters of israel too . 
  are you seriously saying women have no sense of humour ? 
  [ the museum exhibition ] ( http://museum.wa.gov.au/museums/perth/history-world-100-objects ) ? 
  that really is very good , it has some amazing items in it and overall is remarkably cohesive given the grand scope of what it sets out to do . 
   this is an absurd logic . 
  by this japan should still have been backward without trains or roads . 
  japan was extremely backwards , until the meiji reforms which embraced western technological and social constructs . 
  this was only possible so quickly as japan was unified politically , which india was not ( and quite conceivably would never have become ) until the british created the single political body/nation that is now india . 
  ( an entity which is already less unified than under the raj , as pakistan and bangladesh have already broken off ! ), 
   so indian space program , roads , higher life expectancy , it and all grew thanks to the british ? 
  yes , certainly , * if * we consider the subcontinent 's progression in a holistic sense and not by the definition of some foam-flecked nationalistic ranting . 
  had britain not introduced the modern institutions to india ( schools , democratic political structures , courts/laws , etc ) and physical infrastructure they did it is highly debatable exactly how developed india would be at this point in time . 
  * perhaps * the nation would have coalesced , and remained unified ; * perhaps * , despite the lack of strong central control as japan , russia and china all leveraged to industrialise rapidly , `` india '' would have managed to modernise ; * perhaps * not though . 
  it is , you must admit , all conjecture and by no means any kind of `` historical inevitability '' ... 
  yep , 18 counts of `` disagreement with israeli policy '' , or are some them perhaps `` aggravated anti-semitism ( disagreeing with israeli policy ) '' charges ? 
  tbf , he 's lucky he did n't have the idf impose a `` non-judicial death sentence '' on him , as that is at various times apparently idf sop when faced with these insidious non-violent protestors ... 
  ditto for the idf 's attacks on forces opposed to isis such as hezbollah , the saa and the irgc . 
  hence the repeated arms sales to china , and now it would seem russia . 
  how long before the idf hands over their first two f-35s , one to china and the other to russia , for evaluation ? 
  well then , if israel wishes to act independently of course that is fine ; however , they really should give back the military aid if they are going to act contrary to us interests . 
   and russia 's interest in israeli technology . 
  that is the issue and it 's right there in the article - `` israeli technology '' is a backdoor to us technology and russia has adequate influence to gain access to it , it would seem ... 
  naftali bennett is extremely unpleasant , but at least he lacks the pathological mendacity of netanyahu and likud . 
  looks great , i like the whole cooked tomatoes one gets with persian meals ( as can just be seen in the left corner ) together with the rice and meat too . 
  mate , there 's no need to get your nationalistic-knickers in a twist . 
  you are gravely mistaken speaking of `` my '' lord as i am entirely agnostic ; please do n't judge me by your own character ( nationalistic and religious bigotry are not elements of mine ) . 
  talking about ancient history as though it 's more relevant than recent history is a foolish , albeit alluring , trap for nationalistic folk to fall into . 
  which do you think has more influence - the ancient laws of a regime replaced many times over , or those that form the foundation of india 's current legal system ? 
  certainly the british system which gave birth to the modern indian system was affected by greek philosophy , as was all of western thought ( and indian too by way of the indo-greek cultures ) ; however , there were also a myriad of other influences too . 
  ditto for the educational system . 
  india is scarcely at the centre of the silk road , which ran through central asia . 
  sure there were branches to-and-fro into and out of india , but it was n't the centre as you claim . 
  india is * still * held back by its internecine struggles between different ethnic groups , religions and castes . 
  it is this that i see as being the most problematic issue india would have faced in the absence of the unifying influence of the raj . 
  the population has always been huge , but if not unified it would never have gained the critical mass necessary for the impressive achievements we see from india today . 
  i do n't see why you consider any of what i have said controversial tbh . 
  i like india and aspects of indian culture , but the absurd jingoistic chest-thumping really needs to be tempered with a dose of reality . 
  you talk about things that might have happened as though they were somehow inevitable , when obviously everything we are discussing is , as i said before , conjecture . 
  yep , even accepting the laws are harsh they still need to be adhered to both ways or they mean nothing . 
  the government should not make arbitrary rulings against individuals . 
   i 'm catholic . 
  i could have guessed that even if you did n't own up . 
  yeah , i guess owning up 's a big part of being catholic really , is n't it ?
