  i do n't think 6 months in a minimum security jail would ruin their lives , but i get your point . 
  the other thing is that getting them out of the country was hopefully a matter of priority and any kind of custodial or even suspended sentence would have meant keeping them here . 
  i do n't agree with singapore 's caning corporal punishment generally , but damn it would be perfect for this pair !, 
  sentencing for them is a tricky question given our national moral and legal standards , but 4k is a pretty trivial sum for such a nasty offence imo . 
  sure , but the thing with this was it gave rapists a forum to relive their crimes and boast of them - something many such arseholes enjoy , but do n't really get an opportunity to do due to the risk of punishment . 
  this can fuel the flames of their sickness as well as exciting the imaginations of other potential rapists , giving them ideas , stories o fantasise about and normalising behaviours that should not be viewed as anything other than utterly aberrant, 
  you should really look this up on webmd - i do n't think reddit will be able to answer questions about such an uncommon and serious sounding condition as well as that site will ... 
  good luck !, 
  but i thought the idf had the best ratio of civilian to combatant dead of any military ever ? 
  that 's what / r/worldnews tells me at least , but the idf ratio was much , much worse than this at 1:1 ( by the idf 's own admission , 3:1 according to palestinian ngos , 2:1 according to un ) , during the last assault on gaza . 
  the ratio quoted by this article therefore simply can not be correct as neither the the idf nor the israeli apologists in this sub would ever lie about such things . 
  right guys ? 
  edit : [ source for figures ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/the-un-says-7-in-10-palestinians-killed-in-gaza-were-civilians-israel-disagrees/2014/08/29/44edc598-2faa-11e4-9b98-848790384093_story.html ), 
  edit 2 : i only brought this up because every time gaza is discussed the israel apologists claim the idf has the best ratio ever , better than the us or nato can claim and because many other commenters had already brought it up . 
  i was not trying to turn this into yet another slanging match about israel and palestine , i 'm in no way anti-israeli/zionist - just anti-propaganda ... 
  actually the b-52 raids were against area targets away from cities , such a railway yards not in the middle of hanoi or haiphong , or against areas known to contain large numbers of troops in the south . 
  in the south the b-52 arc light raids were against remote areas where reconnaissance teams or other troops had found nva troops concentrations and in situations such as khe sahn where large troop masses were attacking us forces - it was never to `` kill a lot of people , including civilians '' or merely `` deny the countryside '' to the nva and vc . 
  b-52 's were only used against north vietnam in the final two bombing campaigns of the war ( linebacker i & ii ) and highly populated areas were avoided . 
  in fact the only bombing of hanoi by b-52s was by bombers that had been hit by sams when releasing their bomb loads or one incident of the hanoi rail yards being mistaken on radar for a different rail yard outside of the city . 
  given the anti-war protests nixon was unwilling to send b-52s against targets in populated areas in the north . 
  targets inside hanoi , such as the paul doumer bridge and hanoi thermal power station were exclusively hit by fighter-bombers and almost always using laser or tv guided bombs . 
  although a tragic number of civilians died during the vietnam war not many of them were from b-52 raids . 
  edit : formatting, 
  i live in western australia and we have terrible infestations of new zealanders and white south africans here - their accents are truly the stuff of my nightmares ... 
  pretty barbaric stuff - the level of bloodlust amongst the crowd who started chanting `` kill the elephant , kill it , kill it '' now seems very alien even though this was less than 100yrs ago !, 
  the journalist who described mary ( the elephant in question ) as having gored the trainer with its non-existent tusks ( asian elephants do n't have tusks ! ), 
  is no better . 
  let 's not forget that the incident was provoked by the untrained `` trainer '' poking her behind her ear - for her to have reacted thusly i would imagine he had also mistreated her previously , especially as she calmed down immediately afterwards . 
  that picture is quite horrible , i ca n't help but imagine the poor animals last moments ... 
  and now , as apostate muslims fighting against the formation of a caliphate , if they are captured they can now presumably look forward to being burned alive in a cage . 
  smart move . 
  i agree entirely with all you 're saying , but most reportage has focussed on this island building being a grab for natural resources rather than the military strategic aspects . 
  that is why i considered it interesting . 
  there is already a beaver colony in the south west ( devon or cornwall - i forget where exactly ) and wolves are being reintroduced in scotland . 
  personally i really think this kind of project is great . 
  so many of these wonderful creatures were hunted to extinction centuries ago for their pelts or by farmers . 
  now we live in more enlightened times hopefully man can coexist with such animals . 
  a diverse ecosystem is a healthy ecosystem . 
  google would love the data they could collect from your every post to make your ads everywhere even more targeted - i bet the advertising team has wet dreams about this kind of thing tbh !, 
  i think you put the numbers the wrong way around , but yeah , it must be that kind of ratio . 
  not that that justifies the shooting of anybody , cop or citizen . 
  edit : by wrong way around i mean op said citizens shot to cops shot as 2 - 327 : i would have thought it would be cops 2 - citizens 327 as more citizens are shot by cops than vice versa !, 
  great pictures , thx for posting them . 
  read the comment above by / u/mrharville - the society described was almost classless to the point it was accused of being fascist or communist by contemporary critics . 
  that 's not to say things would n't evolve as you say were such a system to be in place now of course . 
  or people who subscribe to a different interpretation of islam , eg shia to sunni or baha'i to either ... 
  edit :, 
   the mutual misconceptions between shias and sunnis are mind-boggling . 
  talk to a taxi driver in johannesburg or a porter in kuala lumpur , and you will hear an earful of misinformation about shia and sunni beliefs . 
  some sunnis believe that the shias have their own version of the qur ' an . 
  the word rafzi ( a derogatory term meaning deviant ) is repeatedly invoked in conversations . 
  on the other hand many shias believe that the sunnis are turncoats and apostates who revel in the tragedy of karbala . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.irfi.org/articles/articles_551_600/shia_versus_sunni.htm ), 
  iirc this was why the pilot was burned alive , because he was a muslim fighting against the caliphate, 
  i got that that was what you were saying and was agreeing with you man , did n't mean to nitpick either - just wanted to make my thoughts perfectly clear, 
  great shot of an interesting and rare plane - shows how difficult conditions on the eastern front were for both sides too . 
  often fires had to be lit under engines ( aircraft and ground vehicles ) to unfreeze the lubricants . 
  it must have been brutal for mechanics who could n't wear gloves to tinker with small parts . 
  i believe their metallurgy was different too , which also helped them in sub-zero conditions . 
  they certainly did n't have as many problems as the germans , but they did still have issues i believe . 
  the glove problem obviously applied to both sides for example !, 
  i did n't know about the tooth , but it makes it all the more grotesque . 
  the hanging part is what really got to me too - if they had to kill her could n't they have just shot her instead of making such a horrific entertainment out of it ? 
  poor elephant would have trustingly allowed the noose to be placed around her neck , only to be slowly strangled by a crane . 
  it puts a shiver down my spine . 
  such unnecessary cruelty and vindictiveness all to satisfy the vicious urges of a mob . 
  obviously this will gain more downvotes , but who cares ? 
  currently on reddit it 's not acceptable to question any action by law enforcement or suggest they are n't perfectly within their rights to shoot whomsoever they they please . 
  this cop getting shot doing his job is every bit as fucked up as a cop shooting an unarmed citizen and i would never say it 's not , but the numbers are very firmly skewed towards cops shooting civilians rather than the other way around and whilst this perp should and probably will receive the maximum punishment available under the law ( death sentence in nyc i believe ? 
  ) , too many cops get away with avoidable shootings . 
  but on reddit that 's how it should be and if you dare question the morality of it you will be downvoted to oblivion every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  is this same sweden that we keep being told is a hotbed of anti-semitism ? 
  * battlefield earth * by l. ron hubbard is meant to worth giving a miss, 
  well , how to prepare ramen at least ... 
  sorry , i forgot a and that does make it difficult to understand , i guess . 
  i meant to say :, 
   * battlefield earth * by l. ron hubbard is meant to ** be ** worth giving a miss, 
  or to phrase it slightly differently :, 
  i hear that l. ron hubbard 's book * battlefield earth * is worth giving a miss ( ie not reading , as per op 's question ) ... 
  i was just saying that * battlefield earth * by l. ron hubbard ( the founder of scientology ) which is the book that lays out the origins of scientology beliefs is meant to be a `` must not read '' book . 
  the movie is meant to be terrible too !, 
  sorry if my phrasing was weird , 
  i have n't read it btw , i have just heard it 's absolutely terrible . . 
  i can think of another flag or two that should join this guy 's list too , if we 're banning flags of states that certain people might find offensive ... 
  thank you . 
  i 'm not trying to defend the killing of civilians , i 'm saying it was n't the * aim * of the bombing and that especially in north vietnam b-52 targets were chosen to avoid population centres !, 
  i am starting to believe that the only practical solution is a [ one state solution ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/one-state_solution ) , given netanyahu 's depredations and the efforts to render a palestinian state unviable . 
  one of the most respected scholars working in the field of me studies is of course chair and professor of political science at southern illinois university [ virginia tilley ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/virginia_tilley ) whose brilliant book [ the one state solution ] ( http://www.lrb.co.uk/v25/n21/virginia-tilley/the-one-state-solution ) is one of the leading treatise on this idea , which more and more moderate observers are coming to believe to be the only practical solution left . 
  that a solution must be found is a given ; the only people who seem reluctant to try to reach a solution are the israeli right led by netanyahu and likud who are seemingly happy to allow the current state of conflict to continue indefinitely as it allows them to continue to erode what remains of mandate palestine , oppress the palestinians and at the same time cry out that israel is the victim of arab aggression and terrorism at the same time !, 
  the placement of netanyahu 's settlements are designed to control the water and productive land resources in the west bank whilst dividing the area so a contiguous state is almost impossible to achieve . 
  so what is the answer ? 
  are the ( many virulently right-wing extremist ) settlers to become citizens of palestine or are they to be evicted ? 
  neither option is particularly politically palatable to either the israeli right or the palestinians , especially due to the terrible behaviour that many settlers have inflicted upon the palestinian population during the course of their imperialistic project of settlement and the resentment those behaviours have engendered : it would not suit their ambitions to be israelis and their safety could be at risk were palestine to absorb them !, 
  eviction might be better for all , but it would be equally unpopular amongst the settlers and their supporters in the israeli right . 
  they would also want to bulldoze their homes out of spite , which is clearly unfair given that they were built illegally so that question will be another bone of contention . 
  the only answer may now then be a one state solution where the arabs and jews merge . 
  this would of course require some adjustment to the zionist dream as it would no longer be a jewish state although it would still remain a homeland for the jews . 
  perhaps this is the answer , the only one practical solution left ; despite the undoubted complexity of implementing such a plan it might be the only possible route for peace left .
