  we all have to pick one ; all the good ones are gone so i picked a nonsense visual-only rhyme . 
  if anything it refers to rabbis that like stabbing shit . 
  except it does n't mean anything . 
  if that 's your criticism of my historical fact - that you helpfully elaborated upon - then your mind operates at an extraordinarily facile level ... 
  ok , but the behaviour leading to the attack is very open to interpretation . 
  watch the documentary . 
  a lot of the contributors are professors at israeli universities so you might believe them . 
  colonisation is in and of itself an act of aggression so please do n't try to claim the moral high ground ; it 's ridiculous and actually somewhat pathetic . 
  in any case it was indisputably the zionists of the second aaliyah who started killing people . 
  that was * well * before zionism , well before * der judenstaat * . 
  prior to the colonisation by * european ashkenazi jews * the local mihrazim had lived in amity with the palestinians - both christian and muslim - under the ottomans for centuries . 
  the malignant immigration of european ashkenazi jews who aimed to usurp the native arab population ( whom they viewed as an element of nature - ' `` there 's a rock , there 's a tree , there 's a goat and oh look , there 's an arab '' ... ) with their blatantly untrue slogan of `` a land without a people for a people without a land '' was indisputably a colonisation project . 
  may i ask why you ca n't engage in a civil discussion without downvoting my every comment ? 
  i do n't downvote you just because we have different opinions . 
  i 'm interested in talking about these issues , not scoring imaginary points . 
  i really do n't care about your downvotes , but they do make you seem very churlish , not to say defensively aware of the precariousness of your arguments . 
  apology happily accepted . 
  you 're right too - `` who started it ' '' * is * worth nothing really . 
  i actually tried to express that in my edit , but maybe i was n't clear enough in my wording . 
  the entire cycle of violence is awful and pointless - it merely hurts both sides . 
  the thing is though , under the ottomans , jews , muslims ( sunni , shia and sufi ) , christians , druze , alawites , kurds , yazidis and many others all lived together throughout the levant for centuries - tbh i mourn those days even though they ended long before i was born . 
  they show things do n't * have * to be the way they are ... 
  there were unfortunate incidents of anti-semitic violence under the ottomans , but they were the exception rather than the rule . 
  the ottomans actively encouraged the sephardim so disgustingly ( and self-defeatingly ) expelled by the spanish to settle in their lands and jews lived throughout the middle east the entire time the european jews chose to live in europe . 
  any anti-semitic violence is obviously abhorrent , but seven incidences over nearly four hundred years between western north africa and eastern mesopotamia is not a high rate of such terrible events . 
  once is too much , but considering the degree of intermingling throughout the levant it is certainly much better than the eastern european history of such violence . 
  the idea that palestinians are an invading , foreign presence has been disproven by genetic studies that show a strong genetic relationship between native palestinians and diaspora jews . 
  the palestinians are culturally arab , but ethnically the descendants of those jews who , rather than disperse into the roman empire following the victories of vespasian and titus chose to stay and converted to christianity or islam . 
  jews have always lived in palestine , but the ashkenazim abrogated their connection two * millenia * ago . 
  not only that , but even today there is racism from ashkenazim colonists towards native mihrazim and eastern sephardim . 
  this alone demonstrates that those ashkenazim are interlopers , do n't you think ? 
  you have n't answered my question about a civil conversation vs reflexive downvoting ? 
  i merely seek to discuss these issues and this history . 
  i 'm not anti-semitic , anti-zionist , anti-israel or pro hamas . 
  i know my history and discuss matters without rancour so why ca n't we just have a polite exchange of views without the pointless downvote crap ? 
  i do n't have time to deal with this point by point now , but will after work . 
  for now i 'll leave it at saying that certain of your claims are also contentious and based on the revisionist view of history pushed as an integral part of the false narrative that is the israeli origin myth used to justify what is indisputably a colonial project . 
  at least the early zionists had the honesty to describe themselves as colonists ; this detail , like so many others , has , however , been subsumed by the stories fashioned to justify the ongoing oppression of the palestinian people by foreign interlopers . 
  i realise you will disagree vehemently that any of what i have said has any basis in reality , but i can at least say my reading of history is not motivated by any ideological motive whatsoever : can you make the same claim ? 
  anyway i am enjoying the discussion and look forward to returning to it . 
  that is why i do n't downvote those i simply disagree with - as long as they 're contributing to the discussion nobody has to only say things that suit my world view . 
  that 's kind of the way reddit is supposed to work , but whatever . 
  i do n't care about the points ; to me it 's just a matter of manners . 
  edit : i have time briefly to debunk a couple of points quickly now . 
  - the jews were not * only * slaves within the roman empire - the fact that the ugliness of anti-semitism first emerged during the reign of the julio-claudians as a result of roman mistrust of jewish communities demonstrates this . 
  slaves lived in their owners homes , not their own communities . 
  the jews were punished as an entirely predictable outcome of their quite frankly foolish efforts to deny rome its taxes ;, 
  - simply saying a prayer twice a year does n't magically give any people the right to ignore two millennia of history as if it never happened and subsequently use that to displace and oppress millions of people . 
  i can empathise 100 % with the jewish people 's desire for a homeland especially given the horrors suffered over many years and would never argue israel should n't exist , but feel that at this point enough is enough . 
  the jews * have * israel ; ca n't the palestinians now be allowed what 's left of palestine ? 
  my criticisms of israel would cease entirely the moment that was allowed to happen ... 
  i do n't think it is racism . 
  i 'm not remotely anti-semitic and empathise thoroughly with the jewish desire for a homeland ; i also would never argue israel should n't exist and have a lot of respect for many israelis ( one of the people in my profession i have learned more from than i have anyone else via his blog is an israeli jew ... ) . 
  however ; i also empathise - without supporting or otherwise condoning in any sense whatsoever hamas , the current wave of violence or any attacks on israeli civilians of any ethnicity/religion - profoundly dislike netanyahu 's government 's policies and actions and indeed the entire occupation of the west bank . 
  i simply also empathise with the palestinians and feel they to deserve the right to their own nation and to be able live in their homeland in peace . 
  i just wish both sides would work to reach a resolution that ended the deaths on both sides and the sufferings of the palestinians . 
  moral outrage over specific actions of the israeli government , the idf and the illegal settlers is not anti-semitism . 
  yep , that 's some old-timey , hardcore racism right there ... 
  so many false assumptions and lies in that vile stream of bigotry . 
  what 's scary is that the author genuinely seems to believe that bs . 
  he asks why people do n't refute his points , but fails to realise the degree of his indoctrination would render any attempt to argue with him an utterly wasted effort . 
  i might have to seek this one out . 
  i like cs whiskies and am a big fan of glengoyne . 
  i currently have bottle of the excellent 18 and , on the recommendation of a fellow scotchiter tried the 21 at a bar last week . 
  if i thought i enjoyed the 18 , the 21 was sheer bliss and is definitely my next purchase . 
  or will be amongst the bottles at least ; there are a couple more i 'm weighing up between too right now . 
  they 're both abelours as it happens . 
  i 've been drinking the a'bunadh for many years , but currently lack a bottle and it just feels like a glaring hole to me . 
  the other is the 16yo double-barrel which i first tried last night . 
  i had got my wires crossed and thought there was a bottle for me coming , but in fact there was only one which is going to my father 's collection to my great regret . 
  this is something i would very much like to rectify as it was a beautiful dram : heavily sherried nose , with a buttery , creme caramel type flavour and aftertaste combination imo . 
  it 's like nothing i have in my humble little collection at the moment and really quite lovely . 
  unfortunately , not wanting to go the second mortgage route , i must limit myself to two of the three , especially as the ` goyne 21 is getting into a slightly pricier bracket , but is the one i have decided to definitely purchase . 
  such are life 's travails !, 
  the voynich manuscript * does * seem to be an elaborate hoax ; however , just [ this year somebody has claimed to decipher ten words within it ] ( http://www.livescience.com/43542-voynich-manuscript-10-words-cracked.html ) . 
  as to why somebody might put so much effort into such an elaborate hoax i can only guess it was either a ) for profit ( even though believed to be a hoax it is still an incredibly financially valuable document today ) , b ) for the fun of it - it does * still * have people scratching their heads after all or c ) both . 
  it was written at a time when there were many new discoveries being made , which the author seems to have incorporated ( eg some of the plants have been identified as south american species i believe ) and people everywhere were very keen to learn of these . 
  it also hearkens back to gnostic mysticism in many ways : i 'm certain with that combination a , b or c above would certainly have worked out for the author !, 
  not a woman , but it sounds to me as though you could do with a helping hand . 
  i 'm not going to try to offer any sage advice about how to help yourself as i know how such feelings really are beyond one 's own control and , living in australia where our health system is paid for by our taxes , ca n't even offer any other practical advice on where you might go so all i can suggest without knowing your health insurance situation is that you do research into where you can find help locally . 
  i 'm certain someone on here will , however , be able to offer some more practical advice , 
  there 's nothing wrong with you or asking for help and i really hope you find it . 
  it sounds as though you 're in a stressful place . 
  i work in software development and well understand the gender imbalance , but can assure you that in the workplace people are judged on their work , not their gender . 
  i just want to say good luck and that by accepting you need help you 've already crossed a major hurdle . 
  all the best . 
  \\* is the edit . 
  i 'd be interested to see the questions that were asked to derive those figures . 
  also , believing that suicide bombings are justified in certain circumstances does not actually equate to supporting terrorism per se . 
  for example , kurdish ypg fighters have employed suicide bombing tactics to hit at isis . 
  most kurdish groups are not considered terrorists by anyone , with only the pkk being generally condemned as such and that due to the turks with whom they have been fighting for years due to turkish repressions of * all * minorities , not only kurds - despite that the pkk still receive support from western governments for their fight against isis . 
  the kyd of which the ypg is the paramilitary protective force is integrated with the krg 's fight against isis to a much greater extent than the pkk and whilst the kyd/ypg may appear on some lists of terrorist groups due to their origin as a pkk splinter group that is entirely due to turkey and nothing to do with their actions . 
  so , considering the damage they cause isis , would * you * support * their * suicide bombings ? 
  how about if you disregarded the means and focussed purely on the end ? 
  is damaging isis not a worthy enough end to overcome your personal disquietude at the means somewhat anyway , or should isis only be attacked by us/nato warplanes or by pentagon approved fighters armed with us supplied weaponry ? 
  also it should be remembered that pew research are not exactly known as paragons of utterly impartial survey supply virtue either anyway . 
  i personally am somewhat disinclined to believe that those stated figures are entirely fair and believe that such results always need to be considered critically whether one accepts them or not . 
  i realise that the article is from 2011 when var was still reasonably new to c # , but does anybody still seriously question the use of var over explicit typing ? 
  i have used var exclusively , except in the ifoo foo = new foo ( ) ; scenario , for years without finding it causes any issues in terms of code readability or maintenance . 
  even the interface scenario feels a little contrived because i so rarely new any object up , preferring to use ioc/di or factories over new .
