   as the u.s.-led bombing campaign against the islamic state expanded , it became the focus of a full squadron of b-1s , aircraft from which , on 31 occasions during their deployment , `` went winchester , '' dropping all the bombs they had on board . 
  and :, 
   `` we focused first on northern syria , then northeastern iraq , then sinjar , '' the currently deployed b-1 squadron 's commander told the washington post . 
  ( air force spokespeople made the officer available on the condition that only his rank , lieutenant colonel , and first name , joseph , be published . ), 
  `` we have definitely gone winchester many times . '', 
   but those pesky jews insist on living somewhere where not everyone hates them and regularly massacres them . 
  except that they live in palestine where all the native population * do * hate them , as do all their neighbours - both for their colonisation of palestine * and * their constant bellicosity towards those neighbours , as is exemplified perfectly by this latest attack on lebanon . 
  an very unfortunate , i would say tragic , side-effect of israeli state actions in the palestinian situation is that too many people confuse the israeli state 's / government 's / armed forces ' actions with the israeli populace as a whole and even worse confuse jews with israelis . 
  the current israeli regime is disgustingly nationalistic , right-wing and aggressive , but not * every * israeli supports the government . 
  yes they voted them in , but netanyahu 's election was a result less of popular support than political machinations enabled by a somewhat busted electoral system that does not allow any candidate to actually win outright , but forces coalitions to be formed that netanyahu manipulated to his advantage . 
  jews that live outside israel may support israel to one degree or another , but they are not responsible for israel 's actions . 
  what happens in europe though is that when people become angry at israel about palestine some do not make these distinctions , but instead fall into anti-semitism . 
  this can be clearly seen with the spikes in european anti-semitic sentiment that occur whenever israel makes war on the palestinians . 
  partly this is ignorance , partly it is latent bigotry in the hearts of some of these people , but israel 's propaganda machine is also partly to blame - including their manipulations of social media - in which the israelis try to confuse people as to what is `` jewish '' vs `` israeli '' to feed their powerful victimhood narrative . 
  the real hope is that they have received s-300 / buk-m3 iads systems , srbms , advanced manpads and modern atgms from syria or iran that they can use to effect an even greater victory than that achieved in '06 or when they first kicked the idf out of southern lebanon . 
  such systems could materially change the regional balance of power sufficiently to prevent further israeli aggression against lebanon and give the idf a humiliating bloody nose . 
  certainly efforts have been made to supply hezbollah with such weapons - we can only keep our fingers crossed that some such systems have got through in sufficient quantities to be currently actively deployed . 
  not if they receive permission from the traditional owners , of course not . 
  if the waqf gives permission then it is not a provocative act of aggression . 
  without permission such an act is very aggressive and destabilising , intended to cause conflict . 
  in that case the party who attempts to disturb the peace needs to be dissuaded for the general good of both israelis and palestinians . 
  the problem is not people who want to pray , but people who want to dig up the site to try to `` find '' the entirely unproven to even have existed ( on that site at least ) temple of herod ( or even that of the mythical figures david and solomon , of whom no archaeological evidence has * ever * been found !, 
  lol ) . 
  such an act would be pure religious extremist vandalism , but the fear of it is quite justified . 
  sadly for those who do just wish to pray these fundamentalist extremists have stated their desire to dig the site and even demolish the mosque !, 
  this forces the muslims to impose restrictive controls over access to the site . 
  it 's not israel 's fault - the guy 's a muslim !, 
  how could he be impartial ? 
  what about the last guy , who was also refused access ? 
   richard a. falk , was jewish, 
  well surely he would have not been biased . 
  let 's ask the israeli :, 
   have you actually studied him , he was anti-semitic, 
  ok . self-hating jew perhaps ? 
   everyone knows that israel has the capability to kill as many civilians as they want, 
  yes , they prove this capability regularly by slaughtering civilians . 
  i 'm australian and anglo-saxon . 
  i consider hezbollah 's capacity to prevent the idf from operating as they pleased in lebanon a pretty neat victory within hezbollah 's goals . 
  moving past semantics , i think we can both simply agree that it is to be sincerely hoped that some * really * advanced weapons systems have been deployed by hezbollah to southern lebanon since then to discourage further fighting and the loss of life that would ensue on both sides . 
  but do n't you want there to be no more deaths on either side ? 
  or at least fewer ? 
  i do n't want to see israelis dying or lebanese dying personally ... 
  hezbollah only ever defends against israeli aggression . 
  a strong hezbollah means mutual deterrence . 
  it was n't the shi'ite southern lebanese who were responsible for attacks into israel , but they were massacred by the idf and their phalangist allies leading to hezbollah 's formation . 
  hezbollah chased the idf out of lebanon and obviously the aftermath of that tension took time to settle down from both sides , but since they defeated ( or frustrated if you prefer ) the idf in '06 hezbollah has not made any effort to attack israel . 
  despite this the idf * keep * attacking hezbollah ( even as hezbollah fight alongside the west against isis ) - `` pre-emptively '' . 
  multiple `` pre-emptive attacks '' despite no hezbollah attacks other than very minor responses to these egregious provocations by the idf ? 
  after a while of that it becomes very apparent who the real aggressor is - to an outside , unbiased observer at least ... 
  ultimately though i doubt the prayer would be such an issue if nobody was calling for the archaeological digging of the site or the building of a `` third '' temple ... 
  it 's a very important place for muslims . 
  if some cultural sensitivity was shown by the recently immigrant israeli community ( almost all jewish israelis are recent immigrants , relatively speaking ) then there would n't be unfortunate scuffles such as the incident initially described . 
  the father rings the israeli police to tell them his son committed the crime in question and the police response is to arrest * the father * ? 
  sorry , by propaganda machine i did n't mean normal , everyday israelis who argue their opinions about what 's happening in palestine online , but rather the regime 's actual organised propaganda efforts . 
  for example netanyahu has made so many outrageous statements that many people in the west now simply do n't believe anything he says , so when he does things lime turn up uninvited at the charlie hebdo memorial service his actions , combined with his lack of credibility , serve to further muddy the waters regarding israel vs jews . 
  it was a jewish supermarket in paris , not an israeli supermarket ... 
  in terms of social media i was referring specifically to the publicised government organised propaganda units that operate at times of tension - because their activities have been publicised a * perception * that israel manipulates social media now exists . 
  this makes many people suspicious of pro-israeli contributors to online discussions , even though most of those pro-israelis have * nothing * to do with government organised propaganda !, 
  that too blurs the lines between `` israel '' and `` jews '' in the minds of people who are already unable to separate the concepts in their minds or who fall into the latent bigot category . 
  i personally feel both examples are self-defeating exercises ( for the israelis ) that do nothing to make israel look better , but harm innocent jews ( and liberal minded israelis ) . 
  turkey is in the me ... 
  istanbul is actually the point where europe literally meets asia , both geographically and culturally ( for millennia - turkey was greek and roman before it was turkish ) . 
  most of turkey is in asia ( minor ) , but the country does have continued strong cultural , economic and political links with europe . 
  prior to erdogan i know turkey aspired to eu membership ; however , given how crazy erdogan is , i do not know if that is still the case . 
  nonetheless turkey is certainly a me country culturally as well as geographically . 
   `` arabia '', 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  iran is indubitably in the me , but is not part of arabia culturally or geographically . 
  the me is not just the arab lands/states . 
  they were kind of asking for it , were n't they ? 
  i mean shopping in a kosher market is a clear act of naked aggressive provocation against not only muslims , but also christians , hindus , buddhists , sikhs , mormons and parsis ... 
  i guess it was once in a lifetime for that abc crew ... 
  iirc the palestinian grand mufti was actually hitler 's puppet master so it is n't actually that surprising that muslims would reference hitler . 
  at least that 's what netanyahu told me . 
   like only time you really get talking to them is when on whatever day they want you to go in their house and switch on their lights for them or whatever . 
  really ? 
  has that happened to you ? 
  outside of when orthodox jews randomly approach you to ask them to switch their lights on have you ever tried talking to them ? 
   i have seen documentaries on carriers where malcontents were throwing lightsticks overboard to simulate a man overboard , and causing a carrier to slow making it more vulnerable to attack and reeking havoc on the internal operations of the ship . 
  is n't that a bit of an edge case scenario , unless you 're suggesting actual sabotage ? 
  in a war situation i think even the worst malcontent would be too busy trying to do his job so he stays alive rather than wreaking havoc from boredom ... 
  i would like to contribute to discussions on this sub , but am worried that i will receive a hostile reaction due to my support for palestine and challenging of pro-israeli proselytising on / r/worldnews . 
  despite that , i am not anti-israeli and in fact view myself as a zionist , in that i support the existence of israel as a nation . 
  ( i realise that that is the loosest possible sense of the word , but nonetheless there it is ... ), 
  were i to engage in discussion here i would , of course , write respectfully and avoid phrasing my opinions in language that may be taken as being inflammatory . 
  i can not promise to always tow the pro-israel party line , but the quality of debate about issues related to israel/palestine here seems far higher with more measured and less extreme opinions being promulgated than in / r/worldnews . 
  indeed i have often been pleasantly surprised by reading the amount of debate here and seeing people who express very hardline opinions in / r/worldnews being much more nuanced here . 
  obviously this happens because / r/worldnews comments are an us-vs-them brawl rather than a debate 99 % of the time and people naturally feel they have to get a clearly defined message across in that environment as well as ( rightly ) challenging those that are bigoted against israel rather than interested in debate . 
  i understand this dynamic all too well , as i often find myself expressing my opinions more stridently and with less nuance than i would in a reasoned debate . 
  i believe that this sub is perhaps somewhere where reasoned debate could be had ; however , i am wary of being seen as a disruptive participant ( troll-type ) or being blanket downvoted and abused because of previously stated opinions in other subs . 
  i am sure those of you who have seen my comments in / r/worldnews have disagreed to a certain extent with the views i have on occasion expressed , but may i reiterate that a large part of why i have been so outspoken is the / r/worldnews dynamic which would not be a factor here . 
  also , after many discussions with israelis/pro-israelis some of my opinions have changed over time and mellowed . 
  finally i am 100 % not anti-zionist , let alone anti-semitic and never have been ; i have never/would never support hamas : i simply disagree with israeli government/extreme right-wing policies and politics in some areas ( essentially primarily to do with the wb ) . 
  i have never made an anti-semitic comment and call anti-semites out . 
  so , assuming i do only express myself reasonably , is it possible for me to join in the discussions ( about a topic in which i am very interested ) here or will i be unwelcome/make people feel uncomfortable ? 
  i do n't want to cause any trouble , i just want to have interesting conversations and learn more about the issues from you guys . 
  it 's an interesting question and certainly anything is possible , but surely it would be difficult for a foreign intelligence service to find and engage with such individuals , let alone persuade them to effectively commit suicide by making their ship an easy target ? 
  ghostbusters !, 
  i had a russian gf with whom i would joke that i was going to take out a life insurance policy on her , with me as beneficiary , then murder to get the money . 
  now this is not a common thing to happen in australia ( people murdering sos for insurance payouts ) and i loved her very much so would never have harmed a hair on her crazy little russian head , so i thought she got that the whole thing was so ridiculous that it was obvious i was just joking , but she used to get so angry about it - it clearly really freaked her out ...
