  he said that as he turned around to leave , he was shot from close range in the back of his shoulder , an area that was not covered by his protective vest . 
  not many regimes out there who will actually shoot journalists these days ... 
  there was a formal dmz separating north and south vietnam ; however , the north did not respect it as a dmz , and instead used it as a staging area for their attacks into south vietnam . 
  yes , yes - you already convinced me it 's all the pesky palestinians ' fault for living in their homes and stuff ... 
  now run on , you 've said your piece - repeatedly . 
  hang on a minute , how exactly did you give me the benefit of the doubt this time ? 
  you came at me with both arms swinging . 
  ftr i did n't legitimise terrorism - i merely pointed out the hypocrisy of the commenter i replied to . 
  when i put `` innocent israeli civilians '' in quotes it was for their cheering while a massively overcrowded civilian city was bombed . 
  mentioning their likely reservist status was not to imply that being a reservist made them legitimate targets , but in response to the commenters claiming the cheering crowds were watching a terrorist group and not civilians being bombed , when the reality is both were under the bombs . 
  my intended meaning was that the lines are not so clear cut as to make those israelis cheering palestinian civilian targets being bombed somehow intrinsically justified while palestinians are always evil . 
  it was n't an effort to legitimise terrorism at all , just a frustrated response to people trying to blanket justify anything that happens to any palestinian . 
  i should just stay out of these post-terrorist attack threads i think ; emotions run high ( entirely understandably ) and people sat some pretty full on things ( which i find harder to empathise with and tend to respond to without considering how my words may be taken if the most negative interpretation of them is the one taken ) . 
  there are a number of aspects of the situation you and i will no doubt never see eye-to-eye on , but i honestly do not want to see israelis dying or think they deserve it . 
  otoh , idk if i can agree with fdr being a much better leader , given how naive he was regarding stalin and his post-war intentions for eastern europe ... 
  could n't it be made as a cartoon ? 
  told from the point of view of a mouse or something ? 
  ah , the logical fallacy of making up logical fallacies ... 
  well said , you captured my own objections perfectly . 
  it 's the hypocrisy couple with the violence and oppression inherent in colonialism that i too find particularly hard to stomach . 
  ah , the logical fallacy of pretending to not be able to read or differentiate between writing and speech . 
  tell him he 's dreaming, 
  am australian , have crappy australian pollies to choose between instead . 
  israel 's horrific crimes in occupied palestine . 
  holy shit , that 's awful . 
  whether the individual guards responsible are held accountable or not , we , as a society , need to take a long , hard look at why exactly those guards imagined even for one moment their actions were reasonable , whether he shoplifted or not . 
  the soviets also had very effective squadrons of female bomber pilots who flew aged [ polikarpov po-2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polikarpov_po-2 ) biplanes over german lines at night in a continuous stream of harassment . 
  known as the [ night witches ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night_witches ) , they would kill their engine before reaching the target and silently glide in , their presence only being announced when their payload exploded . 
  they would fly relays all night in a continuous stream , doing more psychological/morale damage ( sleep deprivation and tension being a very degrading combination for soldiers already exhausted by fighting ) than physical damage in general , but also causing significant disruption on occasion . 
  [ link to source ] ( http://www.stripes.com/news/special-reports/vietnam-at-50/1965/from-the-front-lines-of-ia-drang-valley-killing-dying-and-suffering-indelibly-marked-us-all-1.376837 ) , which is an article about the photographer , joe galloway , and specifically his experiences during the battle of the ia drang . 
  good point , i added the link to the source which tells his story in a comment too for further information . 
  [ link to source ] ( http://www.stripes.com/news/special-reports/vietnam-at-50/1965/from-the-front-lines-of-ia-drang-valley-killing-dying-and-suffering-indelibly-marked-us-all-1.376837 ) , which is an article about the photographer , joe galloway , and specifically his experiences during the battle of the ia drang . 
  for those who are interested in central asia , a great book about kazakhstan i can wholeheartedly recommend is christopher robbins * [ apples are from kazakhstan ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2135393.apples_are_from_kazakhstan ) *, 
  potatoes are also from the new world , so that 's another absolute staple of western cooking that was n't even available till after 1492 . 
  australia 's economy definitely needs to transition to include more secondary production as well as primary production and services , but to do so will require both parties stop the ridiculous politics of obstruction that have dominated our parliament for too long now and cooperate to actually get things done for all our benefit instead of their own myopic political objectives . 
  imo it makes little difference which set of muppets are in power so long as all they do is say `` no '' to whatever the other suggests . 
  in the meantime the economy growing gives us enough breathing space to keep afloat , even though by now most of us understand the risks inherent in staying stuck in the policy doldrums we have essentially been in for the past decade now . 
  no matter how much we all want innovative research and manufacturing based industries to supplement agriculture , mining and services , or some kind of sovereign wealth fund , or any significant reform it 's not happening until we make it clear to our `` leaders '' that simply disagreeing with each other is not an adequate fulfillment of the duties with which they have been entrusted . 
  interesting in light of the [ moody 's statement on australia 's gdp ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/572u48/australia_fastest_growing_aaarated_commodity/ ) . 
  it 's disappointing coal is what we 'll be mining more of though , i must say . 
  i work as a solution architect and find i do a large proportion of my work with pen and paper , precisely because so much of it is design work , requirements elicitation or implementation code reviews : in each case writing is much faster and more flexible than typing , especially as often i wo n't have my own keyboard in front of me . 
  yep , most places in europe , australia and nz ( the places i have been in the past year ) require the chip and pin ; i can count the number of times i have signed for a cc in the past year on the fingers of one hand ... 
  beautiful shot , i just hope you [ did n't climb it ] ( http://www.parksaustralia.gov.au/uluru/do/we-dont-climb.html ) . 
  press the big red button next to the bed ... that orders more soju , and then `` reacquaint '' myself with the two cute girls . 
  creationist huh ? 
  sure is . 
  i think they very , very rarely fly without them , but in any case they can be seen quite easily - without cfts the fuselage next to the intakes is much flatter . 
  truly the dark subcontinent . 
  gorgeous , rotties are the best . 
  i 'm so jealous !, 
  i used to have a mother and daughter and i miss them both every day . 
  i had n't heard this before , but i 'm not completely surprised to hear it . 
  most of the modern `` controversy '' surrounding him , on reddit at least , seems to come from ill-informed , blindly nationalistic indians whose arguments are based on * very * dubious ( and i almost even hesitate to use the word ) history . 
  the fact of the matter is that he is much too complex a historical figure to be pigeonholed as being entirely one thing ; his career spanned many tumultuous decades and he wore many different hats ( ie performed many different roles , though he did also wear a wide range of literal hats too ) during his life . 
  obviously many of his attitudes would make us raise our eyebrows nowadays , but equally he is not the devil he is sometimes portrayed as . 
  edit : grammar, 
  ... causing a massive influx of illegal immigrants from the usa breaching our border security , to the point where one would risk encountering at least one american on a daily basis , would do it for me . 
  a cute af one ; that 's enough is n't it ? 
  maybe two baskets ? 
  look at all their little faces , all smushed up . 
  i 've literally never heard any of my mates talk about * anything * such as `` grabbing women by the pussy '' . 
  that 's just fucked up . 
  pakistan was not part of india , as india per se did n't exist . 
  both modern states were situated on the indian subcontinent , but part of the british empire , the raj to be specific . 
  you 're a hard audience to please . 
  sounded pretty genuine to me mate . 
  the indigenous peoples of south america did n't invent the wheel either ; do you also challenge * their * astronomical/agricultural knowledge and capabilities too , or is it just indigenous australians you think could n't observe the world around themselves ? 
  next time what you need to do to distract yourself from the painful hands is go have a pee . 
  i guarantee your hands wo n't even cross your mind for some considerable time afterwards . 
  you have now been banned from r/pyongyang, 
  phantoms are one of my two all time favourite aircraft ( the other being the a-1 skyraider ) . 
  they just look the business , as well of course as having a superlative operational history . 
  that 's hilarious - usually you see this style of ring with us military symbols on them so former us servicepersons can be thanked for their service o7, 
  i * never * imagined there could even * be * an aussie version . 
  i was in sarajevo less than a month ago , where i formed the opinion that bosnia would work just fine without the serbs ... 
  i think you 're being * waaaaay * too conservative in that estimate . 
  sure , but you could have several subcategories , analogous to the 100m , 400m , 800m and 1,500 m running races , but predicated on different topics : healthcare , guns , race , diversity , etc. . . 
  lots of countries have debates about these issues , so while the usa would be the clear favourite none would be a shoe-in in the way a subject like , oh idk , pizza would be . 
  read this : http://www.dailydogdiscoveries.com/relationship-between-dogs-and-bears/, 
  edit : did n't realise you were the same person , had to edit reply accordingly . 
  such a fascinating region , central asia , and yet so few people know anything about it . 
  tbh i did n't actually know the indonesia-aryan languages originated in kazakhstan , i would have guessed somewhat further to the south-west . 
  interesting . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i do n't have any bots which make posts and have no idea who these people copying my comment are . 
  except polar bears swim and crocs are fast as fuck on land too ... 
  no , i agree the salty would win , i was just pointing out the analysis is n't quite so clear cut on the land/water thing as it would be with say an alligator or a non-polar bear . 
  not australia . 
  australia is terrible , truly awful . 
  especially for americans . 
  it 's hot and omg so dangerous . 
  literally everything * is * trying to kill you . 
  living here is absolutely terrifying . 
  i really do n't think seppoes would like it here . 
  is radioactivity not more of a concern than tetanus in a nuclear reaction chamber , or was this one abandoned before completion ? 
  maybe it 's ok for short periods , or perhaps vodka makes you immune so it 's alright for the locals anyway ? 
  stories like are what makes all indian claims that the pakistanis are a nation of religious extremists so utterly laughable . 
  how many people die each year in india for looking at cow the wrong way ? 
  for everyone who did n't realise bears and dogs share common ancestry : http://www.dailydogdiscoveries.com/relationship-between-dogs-and-bears/, 
  i guess most people never paused to think exactly why it is some dogs look so bear like ...
