  seeking asylum is not illegal , but those in our camps have quite clearly violated the first safe destination principle . 
  they should n't be treated so abysmally , but neither should they get to queue jump . 
  why should people who have attempted to do so gain easier entry than those who have followed the correct procedure ? 
  i wo n't try to defend the camp conditions , but concentration camps they are not . 
  concentration camps ' role is to segregate internal enemies - political enemies and jews in germany , boer farmers in the boer war - not temporarily detain people to whom we owe no obligation other than that they have forced upon us . 
  internment camps have been used by many nations without any of the other policies of nazism being present and this is the case in australia . 
  comparing our society to nazi germany is hysterical nonsense and an exaggeration that only damages the cause you are trying to advance with its ridiculous hyperbole . 
  australia should certainly take more refugees and work out a better way of handling those we do n't accept , but another important factor is the inherent dangers and inhumanity of the people smugglers . 
  unless there is a strong disincentive to purchasing their services - and the only one that really has any power is making those who do so ineligible for settlement here - desperate people will be preyed upon by them and drown at sea as a result . 
  whilst our present intake is much too small , there is simply no way that a nation of 23m can handle 1m refugees in a year as germany is currently struggling with . 
  your idea is what ? 
  let all currently detained individuals enter australia ? 
  what then do we do with the next wave of illegals , and the wave after that ? 
  when do you suggest we stop ? 
  that 's still not brigading . 
  brigading is multiple people organising themselves to target a sub , generally one representing a community they do not belong to . 
  whoever he is i would say he 's australian and as such clearly entitled to say his piece whether you or i agree with his thoughts or not . 
  if he is operating a number of sock-puppet alts it is vote manipulation , but still not brigading . 
  hazing is much worse if you in the company of armed bullies . 
  yes , the bullied individual may bite back when the bullets start flying , but they are more vulnerable to becoming a victim under such circumstances than the bully ( who belongs to the majority of troops ) ever is . 
  i 'm sure you can do better than that facile rubbish . 
  in any case i asked for proof - not wild conjecture and nonsense about lizard people . 
  i mentioned the moral difficulties inherent to arab israelis serving in the idf in my very first reply . 
  social pressures are a facet of that issue , although the clear conflict of interest inherent in helping the idf protect foreign , colonist , illegal settlers to the detriment of one 's own religio-ethnic cousins is sure a greater issue than being hassled by `` radicalised relatives '' . 
  indeed , imo , claiming that these `` radicalised relatives '' are compelling while one 's own morals are not another ridiculous , biased and cynical piece of nonsense . 
  but please , try again . 
  it 's not just a matter of semantics . 
  what you are accusing him of and brigading are different things , with different intentions and resulting implications . 
  if you really think he is vote manipulating then report him . 
  nice strawman - the very first thing i said is that seeking asylum is n't illegal . 
  [ according to the unhcr ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/excom/scip/3ae68ccec/background-note-safe-country-concept-refugee-status.html ) the first safe country principle is worth documenting and ruling on . 
  as such it would seem to me to me that it does at least exist , even if you question its application . 
  i do n't think * anyone * envisages some perfectly orderly unhcr organised , global refugee sorting and allotment system - it would quite simply be unmanageable given how fluid many national and individual situations are . 
  what does , however , certainly exist is a set of applications being processed by the australian authorities at any given point in time . 
  again , this is not organised as a formal queue and may not be entirely fair . 
  queue jumping is itself a metaphor though and we all understand what is meant . 
  some people - the majority - do the right thing and apply through the formal channels . 
  others , for whatever reason , say `` screw the system , i deserve to be first '' . 
  that is what i was talking about . 
  indonesia and malaysia act as funnels , but if faced with overwhelming numbers and corruption fuelled by people smuggling dollars would struggle to contain the potential numbers , much as turkey and other countries on the periphery of the eu have . 
  increased people trying also exposes australia to political blackmail , as employed by turkey , should australia simply not accept those who choose to following the smuggling path . 
  you yourself have acknowledged the unhcr is struggling to cope , so which is it ? 
  they lack the budget to manage what they already have on their plate or they can swoop in and save us at a moment 's notice ? 
  i quite agree with your final paragraph in every sense . 
  i have already said quite clearly i would like australia to take more refugees - we could cope with many more imo - and primarily argued with the description of australia as being like nazi germany more than any detail of how terrible the camps are . 
  at the risk of sounding repetitive australia should take more refugees and needs to handle those we do not accept much more humanely ; however , this must be done in a planned and cooperative manner to avoid the chaos and misery we have all seen played out both regionally and globally . 
  oh , how so ? 
  i merely stated that religious nationalists are racist , opposed to integration and exist in the idf as well as military hazing , a very well reported phenomenon in every army in the world . 
  you otoh started talking about how one guy can threaten a whole squad or platoon with his one gun , making them safe from hazing , and bloody lizard people . 
  i have no issue with any of that , and none of it conflicts with what i have already written . 
  in fact those all seem like good , constructive suggestions to me . 
  certainly the only way to fix the issue long term is by improving the system ; however , as of right now , the existing system is still better than untrammelled people smuggling , despite all its gross shortcomings . 
  were the current system as akin the that of the nazis as op posited then it would be absolutely indefensible : my key point was really that it 's not , we are n't living under any kind of fascist jackboot and that melodramatically claiming we are really does n't help anything . 
  nothing * that * polarising helps change things - it just makes people shouty . 
  which of these refugees originate in the region ? 
  what compels people to head south when closer safe havens exist in literally every other direction ? 
  cabcharge cost users extra did n't it ? 
  bpay is free to the payer . 
  mate , i am not going to get into some argument where i 'm supposed to defend the conditions in the camps or say `` sod the refugees , we 're full '' because that 's simply not what i think . 
  all i 've been saying is that op 's post is ridiculous because :, 
  a ) our current system is n't anything like the nazis ' and australia 's not living under a fascist regime ;, 
  b ) the system is n't great , but it 's better than anarchy ;, 
  c ) it needs to be fixed , but without opening australia for people smuggling business again either . 
  that 's my narrative , not whatever right-wing lunacy you seem to think i 'm arguing for . 
  that looks delicious , but does n't tandoori mean `` cooked in a tandoor * oven * '' , making grilled tandoori oxymoronic ? 
  people picking on aussies . 
  huh , it was thousands who turned out to support elor azariah , the murderous medic of hebron . 
  guess the numbers do n't lie - israel * is * getting very extreme right-wing nationalist . 
  is this something like abused children growing up to become abusers themselves ? 
  what a dumbass cat !, 
  it should have just turned the tap up so more water came out , then it would n't matter where its head is !, 
   you mean the soldier who shot the disarmed , subdued * alleged * terrorist ? 
  yeah , that 's the guy . 
  ( the terrorist will always remain * alleged * now that he 's impossible for any court to convict , wo n't he ? ), 
  how did you get * that * from what * i * wrote ? 
  i said that the * alleged * terrorist can never be * proven * guilty now because he was murdered . 
  in non-authoritarian legal systems one is innocent till proven guilty . 
  israel tries to at least present the fa\u00e7ade of being a modern , rule-of-law , secular democratic , westernesque state so i would guess that innocent till proven guilty is the basis of israeli law too ? 
  if not , and one 's guilt or innocence does n't need to be established before conviction by * any * handy figure of authority or even just a citizen , then i take the * alleged * back and admit he is ( well , was ) simply a terrorist , not a * alleged * terrorist . 
  which brings us to azariah . 
  again , if there is no innocent till proven guilty legal principle in israeli law and he was within his rights to extra-judicially execute the alleged terrorist , or terror * suspect * if you prefer , then i am wrong and he is * not * a murderer . 
  however , if he just killed his victim on his own , illegitimate , authority then the killing was illegal , with an illegal killing being known as a murder . 
  hence the murderous medic . 
  ( i did n't even suggest he was a terrorist , just a common war-criminal . ), 
  yeah i do n't * really * buy the whole cultural dna thing myself in terms of inherited trauma being passed on , i was kind of being rhetorical . 
  the relationship between fascism and zionism otoh - in that there clearly * is * a common thread of cultural dna , with both having origins in late-19th century nationalism , not to mention the close personal association between ze'ev jabotinsky and mussolini that provides a direct connection between the two ideologies beyond even their common nationalistic fervour . 
  it 's easy to trace the roots of the present israeli political establishment 's internal propaganda narrative and tactics you essentially describe back to the fascist movements of the thirties . 
  just history cycling again , as it so tends to do . 
  your first point is true , but the murderous medic appears to have acted in cold-blooded knowledge , with full malice . 
  i guess we 'll get to find out at least with him , seeing as he got to live and will face trial . 
  stalin 's guilt was fully exposed following his death , the records were shown and krushchev admitted , as his legal successor , his crimes publicly . 
  there is absolutely no legal doubt in his case . 
  if the regime that convicts someone is itself criminal then the conviction is meaningless . 
  stalin 's regime falls under the same category as stalin himself - guilty by way of his successor 's confession . 
  i would never even think to suggest there was any possibility the nazis victims were guilty , under any world view , as you just tried to do with stalin 's - would you ? 
  edit : i just realised i seriously argued with someone who tried to compare a palestinian lone wolf terrorist who did n't kill anyone with one of mankind 's greatest mass murderers ... 
  if you were trolling then ha ha , but please stop now . 
  like the jewish home has nothing to do with judaism - right ? 
  i mean , they 're both just religious nationalists who hold similarly extreme views driven by their fundamentalism ... 
  yeah personally , if i was american , i think i 'd be trying for * less * guns in schools , full stop .
