  in fact , according to ( hebrew translated by google ) wikipedia , the arab percentages of the populations of three settlements i found were all 0.0 !, 
  there may be no law in the israeli statutes that bans arabs from moving to wb settlements , but with very few exceptions most settlement colonists are jewish , not arab . 
  arabs would scarcely be welcome in many settler communities either , would they ? 
  can you imagine a palestinian family living cheek by jowl with the hilltop youth or the families they grew up as part of ? 
  again it is dishonest to claim that this is not the case . 
   the palestinians in jerusalem can become israeli citizens as well as the druze in the golan ... and why would they become israeli citizens in the first place ? 
  i 'm aware of this , which is why i limited my comment to the wb . 
  this offer is n't made out of generosity though , is it ? 
  jerusalem is a special case because israel would very much like to be able to claim jerusalem as its capital ; however , a simple annexation would not be accepted by either the native palestinian inhabitants nor the international community ... 
   why would they become israeli citizens in the first place ? 
  is this question serious ? 
  have you heard of an issue in the peace negotiation attempts called the right of return ? 
  essentially palestinian refugees want to return to their homes , which are now within israel and have been taken by israelis . 
  * millions * of palestinians want israeli citizenship ; israel , however , absolutely refuses to allow * any * of them to acquire it . 
  are you certain you 're unaware of this ? 
  given all of the above , it really is not enough to say any single arab living in the settlements disproves the point when over half a million jewish israelis live in the settlements !, 
  ( if you have any credible sources that can disprove any of this i would love to read them ... ), 
  lol , yeah . 
  i was inspired by the guy i replied to . 
  it was n't easy , but i was shooting for something as dumb as what he wrote . 
  i do n't think i quite got there , but mine was n't a bad effort considering ... 
  wow , you just completely ignored everything i wrote to essentially repeat the same , dishonest arguments again . 
  i 'm not going to enter a circular discussion with you here , but will say your reading of the international law regarding the settlements is yet again nothing more than a very weak semantic game that only israel 's courts ' opinions give any credence to whatsoever . 
  quite literally every other country , international organisation or court that has published a ruling or opinion on the matter explicitly disagrees with the argument as you put it . 
  many of your other points literally make no sense whatsoever , sorry . 
  i 'm not trying to be rude , but honestly it just reads like babbled mutterings . 
  finally , as i explained before , a token arab - or even a handful of token arabs - does not materially change the reality of the situation . 
  one arab is * not * enough to change the racial nature of the segregation and discrimination . 
  ( especially when , as in your source , he was only staying for a month as part of a social experiment ! ), 
  is this vietnam during the ( second ) vietnam war , or as the locals call it `` the american war '' ? 
  i really ca n't see it being * anywhere * else , all things considered . 
  presumably this would be somewhere in the mekong delta for them to have set up shin deep in a swamp ? 
  elsewhere in vietnam hospitals were regularly found deep in tunnel systems ( eg , famously , [ c\u1ee7 chi ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/c%e1%bb%a7_chi_tunnels ) near saigon and further north in the mountains ) in equally basic environments , albeit with the advantage of the protection being buried three-levels underground provides . 
  this looks primitive and , compared to the us military 's helicopter ambulances , mash field hospitals , evac hospitals and hospital ships , it is , but it 's pretty damn impressive for a guerilla army and demonstrative of how the viet cong/nva forces operated . 
  compared to a us serviceman with similar wounds the prognosis for the soldier on the stretcher is pretty grim ; however , the impact on morale of such surgery even being available must have been huge . 
  now you 're just building a very obvious strawman . 
  it 's not me diminishing other people in this situation ... 
  the `` own population '' is not intended to be forcibly interspersed with the indigenous , occupied population . 
  that makes a mockery of the law in question , which indubitably was not intended as an apology for apartheid . 
  did you even read that link ? 
  your one arab was literally there on a month 's experimental visit for fuck 's sake !, 
  that 's not even a token arab man , it 's a guinea pig !, 
  sorry , but you 're just plain wrong . 
  israel is a great country in many ways and its existence & security must be protected , but the state 's actions in the wb since the '67 war are simply unconscionable . 
  i 'm going to leave you to it here . 
  nice talking to you , but you 've yet to convince me . 
  the irony is that i genuinely support israel 's rights to security and self-determination , just not to denying the palestinians the same . 
  claiming they 're `` a made up people '' is bs , as i bet you actually know . 
  if you guys would bend a little from such dogma and give the palestinians a break i would have no argument with israel - i am not your enemy and i do not hate you or your country . 
  if you guys alienate the people like me then who will argue for you once the backlash that has already begun in the west gathers momentum ? 
  have you been ? 
  they 're a bit of a tourist trap , but they 're still a pretty cool day out from hcmc and the shooting range - with its m-60 - is awesome ... 
  i do n't get what his problem is . 
  most of their politicians are precisely that : outstandingly ignorant !, 
  how come he specifically discusses what 's best for america in great depth ( r/conservative !, 
  ) , decides * after that * to entrust making it happen to those politicians and yet then gets snarky with us equally qualified `` foreigners '' for daring to venture an opinion ? 
  that first paragraph is true , but it does n't prevent me from being allowed to form an opinion and voice it on a forum like reddit . 
  i believe the situation will be resolved and both israel and palestine will only find peace with international help and intervention : it 's hard not to perceive netanyahu as having no intention of allowing peace whilst pursuing his strategic goals . 
  ( i 'm not attacking israel , just being honest with you about my opinion of israel 's current government . ), 
  as such the voices of the international community are important . 
  the more it 's discussed the more rapidly diplomatic pressure will be applied to both sides . 
  look at all the diplomatic events this year - the eu , france , sweden , the us , the un and the icc have all either criticised israel 's behaviour in palestine , are in the process of taking action to intervene in the interest of encouraging a peace deal based on the '67 borders or both . 
  that 's the momentum i mean and my `` end game '' is seeing the situation resolved . 
  it 's horrific to watch the endless back and forth of death and hate . 
  it 's infuriating seeing lies and doublespeak propagated throughout threads on reddit . 
  it 's important to express the alternate viewpoint to the prescribed narrative . 
  you and i , we have formed our views , but lots of other readers are more politically na\u00efve . 
  i would think the best solution would be much like saudi led deal in the ' 00s israel quietly rejected : '67 borders with fair and equal value land swaps for large settlements near israel ; some palestinian refugees allowed to return to israel , but mass right of return given up ; muslim states recognise israel formally ; both israel and palestine allowed to use jerusalem as national capitals ; security agreements . 
  i would also think allowing jews that wanted to to surrender their israeli citizenship for palestinian citizenship and live in the wb under palestinian law would be a fair solution to your concerns . 
  i read israeli authors and palestinian alike , and my interests are not limited to palestine and israel . 
  i say again i 100 % support israel 's rights to self-determination and security . 
  who knows what palestine can be ? 
  it 's has n't been allowed to be anything since 1967 . 
  the zionists committed terrible acts of terrorism until they got a state ; the palestinians have to be allowed to develop too or there will never be peace . 
  no , i did mean they need to adopt that position . 
  i know bds 's goals are screwed up . 
  i should have written that sentence more clearly . 
  i can see how it could be misread , but still think the whole comment is clear . 
  anyway , sorry i responded a bit argumentatively . 
  er , it 's vietnam ... 
  you ca n't dig tunnels in the mekong delta ... 
  the water table is clearly too high . 
   african americans are considered just as american as any other race , whether asian american , irish american or scottish american . 
  unlike reddit would have you beleive america is not a racist country compared to europe . 
  wow . 
  amazing . 
  this guy 's head is * so * far up his arse he must be able to see the light streaming through his slack jaw from there . 
  it 's so nice of him to consider an english actor as american as any irish - , scottish - or asian-american !, 
  i am quite sure that would actually mean more to idris elba than a poxy oscar ever would . 
  the possibility that a black man might simply be english obviously is not within his realm of possibilities . 
  i wonder how he goes with native africans ? 
  are they african-american too ? 
  yes , yes because the jews are always the victims . 
  like the man in the story . 
  er , hang on . 
  no , that 's not quite right is it ? 
   he confessed under questioning to fabricating the story in an attempt to spread mistrust and suspicion of muslims . 
  seems to me like it was * the muslims * who were * meant * to get all the hate , only this time the lies were exposed . 
  if there is some backlash against this racist asshat it 's to be expected really , is n't it ? 
  the [ israeli mafia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/israeli_mafia ) is notorious as perhaps * the * leading global traffickers of sex slaves from eastern europe and their long-standing connections with russian organised criminals are well-established and - known .
