  i think we will see a lot more of this model ( ie manned and unmanned platforms operating in tandem ) going forward because of the clear benefits it offers , especially as it is proven to work - as per these ah-64 's in iraq . 
  see , i think i must be lucky because i do n't have to try to tolerate them or put effort into being nice - i genuinely like my parents and enjoy their company . 
  i am especially appreciative of them as i have matured because we now have an adult relationship rather than a grown-up/kid style situation and ( unsurprisingly enough ) we get along really well , enjoy the same things and naturally look out for each other . 
  i realise not everyone has great parents ; i 'm just very thankful that i am lucky enough that i do . 
  it concerns me , but my folks are still very much enjoying life and we have a really good relationship . 
  as i 've grown-up our relationship has matured into an adult friendship bolstered by the natural parent/child connection and i really enjoy their company . 
  the thought of them aging does worry me and i am certainly more conscious of watching out for them now , but i do n't let it dominate my thoughts . 
  perhaps that 's denial , but i prefer to think of it as just making hay while the sun shines . 
  i know they wo n't be around forever , but that 's the human condition and an inevitability each and every one of us will have to deal with one day . 
  instead of morbidly dwelling on it i have deliberately chosen to cross that bridge when we come to it and enjoy their company in the meantime . 
  no vitamins , just a little piece of his soul . 
  her movies are often worth watching for the plot too ... 
  just one of the many boons provided to the people of india by the british empire . 
  that fooled me from the thumbnail , i totes thought it * was * an eye . 
  very cool . 
  you should try posting it to r/art ; just claim it was by design and your medium is everything : detergent , water and even including the kitchen sink . 
  scared of getting beaten up in the toilets so poops outside ... 
  sticky fingers ... from maple syrup - or at least that 's what everyone hopes . 
  the chick on the left needs to shave her legs ... 
  ditto for wages that allow you to just work * one job * and not need food stamps . 
  what ? 
  the mighty panzer were technically perfect and utterly unstoppable in combat , it was only defeatism on the home front that * ever * led to the wehrmact 's suffering any losses . 
  scipio africanus was definitely in there , though i do n't recall the number . 
  it must have been in the top 50 though because i only got to timur who was a ridiculously underrated 40-something . 
  yeah , it 's a stupid list , no doubt about that . 
  king david was in the top 20 , based on the bible alone obviously . 
  i say obviously because there 's no archaeological record so that 's the only possible source . 
  at that point you have to wonder why they did n't include the general lee car from dukes of hazzard . 
  trump force one . 
  i 'm so going to buy this when i 'm in bih/croatia in a couple of months . 
  there are a lot of great cheeses i 've tried from the region , notably pag ( from the croatian island of the same name ) , but this one was news to me . 
  thanks op !, 
  no worries . 
  i saved the post to remember , so i 'll read all this too . 
  some light vehicles and equipment - jeeps , light guns and so on - could be landed by glider . 
  allied airborne forces consisted of glider troops as well as paratroopers . 
  tanks in market garden were brought to the battles by pushing up the highway that ran from the allied lines through the three bridges intended to be captured . 
  however , the armoured forces did n't advance as fast as was hoped , largely because they were road bound ( the surrounding fields being too soft to bear the weight ) and so every vehicle that was damaged or broke down and blocked the road had to be cleared for the column to progress . 
  the tanks made it as far as eindhoven and nijmegen ( where the 101st abn fought iirc ) , but not to arnhem , where the british 1st parachute division was badly beaten up by two waffen-ss panzer divisions in their absence . 
  ( this was due to a number of issues - slow progress for the ground forces being one , poor intelligence another and also the plans for landing zones being captured early by the germans who were able to set up aaa to wait for the later waves of paratroopers and shoot them out of the sky ... ), 
  the failure to capture the bridge at arnhem led to the overall failure of the operation , and is depicted in the ( old ) movie * a bridge too far * . 
  that looks awesome . 
  terror monkey . 
  ( my ex-gf to be exact . ), 
  there was even a little terror monkey song that went with it . 
  arguments are inevitable i think , and not a problem with people who do n't hold grudges . 
  i argue with my parents too . 
  not as much as i used to as an arsehole teen though , not by a long shot !, 
  even then no grudges were held . 
  ha ha , i was hoping * not * to be asked this , but ok :, 
  [ to the tune of `` the muppets song '' ], 
   what is a terror monkey ? 
   what do those monkeys do ,, 
   what is a terror monkey ? 
   the terror monkey is you !, 
  that was basically the chorus , there were verses , but they would change depending on circumstances . 
  nope , that 's actually he hq of the 1st guangzhou sniper division ... 
  the little shit cries all the fucking time and takes up waaaay too much of my wife 's attention and energy , if you know what i mean ? 
  always needing feeding or a nappy change or some fucking thing . 
  ca n't wait till he 's old enough for kindergarten , i 'm looking around for one that accepts boarders at the moment . 
  ^ ^ ^ jk , ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ kids ^ ^ ^ here , ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ should 've ^ ^ ^ used ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ serious ^ ^ ^ tag ^ ^ ^ op . 
  that was the exact vibe i was going for , clearly i hit the right ( wrong ? ), 
  notes ... 
   a very good question given that israel did not ask for such an increase . 
  oh come off it , wtf was netanyahu negotiating for so long over with obama and threatening to walk away from lesser amounts for then ? 
  we have discussed the negative aspects of the aid deal for israeli industry before and the notion that part of its purpose is to restrict competition from the israeli defence industry for us arms manufacturers , leading to mixed-feelings among some israelis for the deal , but to say israel did n't ask for or want it is patently untrue . 
  what do they taste like though ? 
  no serious protests , of course a few gun nuts had a whinge , but the population as a whole was overwhelming supportive . 
  everyone i knew who had to turn in a gun did so uncomplainingly , including my dad . 
  there was such horror at the port arthur massacre that people knew it was the right thing to do . 
  farmers and professional hunters were allowed to keep their bolt-action rifles anyway , and enthusiasts their guns too , as long as they complied with the new regulations . 
  to this day i have never heard anyone think the scheme was anything other than a good idea . 
  that looks absolutely amazing , i am literally drooling at my desk right now . 
  where is it from ? 
  there * was * a krusty krab restaurant in ramallah . 
  since the gaza blockade restricted the availability of food so severely it has had to close down and the building is now used a coffee shop . 
  edit : sauce - https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4o6nlf/israel_cuts_water_supplies_to_west_bank_during/d4au5sh, 
  i was actually specifically referring to the comments i personally observed in the media , letters to the editor and etc , not any generic complaints about the issue , and characterised them as `` a whinge '' due to their tone and content . 
  not to mention that their owners seem to have a nasty tendency to take the money and run ... 
  looks damn nice actually - the breadcrumbs on top are always a good addition . 
  gee , what * have n't * labor promised this election ? 
  of course , at least they 're saying * something * other than `` we economy good '' , which pretty much seems to be extent of the libs ' message to the voters ... 
  this election i honestly have no idea where to place my vote , especially for the lower house . 
  ( the senate at least offers a variety of interesting , or at least amusing , minor parties . ), 
   and they find each other ... 
  thanks internet !, 
  i think you just replied to wyclef 's alt man ... 
  i am not an expert , but i can share what i do know so you get the gist of things . 
  the rules include the following :, 
  - strict restrictions on what type of guns people can own ( eg no high capacity magazines or semi-automatic rifles such as ar-xx style rifles ) ;, 
  - an extensive process for applying for a license that includes strict background checks , evaluation of why a given gun is wanted/needed ( eg high power cartridges such as .308 or .338 are only allowed for hunting certain types of game ) and education ;, 
  - strict rules about where guns can be kept and standards for gun lockers ;, 
  - membership of a gun club is required for sporting shooters , and requirements to keep some types of guns at the club for a given length of time before you are allowed to take it home ;, 
  - ammunition requires a license be shown to purchase it . 
  i remember plinking cans and bottles with semi-auto .22 s on family friends ' farms as a kid , now there are n't those semi-auto .22 s around . 
  i also used to belong to a shooting range , though i let that lapse - now i shoot when i 'm overseas if i get the opportunity ( including an rpg in cambodia ! ), 
  - so i can speak as someone who likes shooting , but still agrees with the laws . 
  to me they do n't seem to have any downsides ; at least when compared to the positives . 
  you can join a shooting range as a casual member and shoot there if you want , or go shooting on farms if you know someone with a farm . 
  i have shot here quite a lot , mainly since these laws came in .
