  this exact same topic appears at least weekly ... 
  i did n't know the exact arrangements , but i guessed something along those lines , pretty basic . 
  sounds luxurious compared to a piss bag and an ejection seat , but they would n't be wasting any weight in a combat aircraft . 
  i would think on a maximum range mission just being able to stand would be a massive improvement over single or tandem types . 
  who said that ? 
  luckily it 's a minimum wage job and so even with his 60-70hr weeks , 51 weeks a year he still costs less per year than a single drone assassination . 
  if only you could have snapped a quick creepshot that would have been gold in this sub . 
  well , probably reddit gold at least . 
  well no , it does n't . 
  for that matter i did n't actually say he 's wrong anywhere else either . 
  as a non-american i do n't feel that i have much relevance talking about whether he 's right or wrong in a political sense ; however , obviously anyone may judge whether or not they consider him stupid , irritating and so on : these qualities are unrelated to his politics . 
  well , i did n't think your general comprehension was necessarily poor , i was just concerned that you were struggling with * my * comments ; which is very different from saying you have trouble with comprehrension and ( if you read it carefully ) what i actually wrote . 
  i mean , you did literally claim i repeated myself in my first sentence ( i had n't ) , which you refused to read beyond because you were so outraged by your misinterpretation of what it meant . 
  so please forgive me for assuming you were having difficulty comprehending what i wrote . 
  you then claimed i was turning into literally trump . 
  in both of these cases you are you falling into the logical fallacy off [ hyperbole ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/hyperbole ) . 
  so voat is basically the hate reddit ... 
  mmmmm , toxoplasmosis salad ... 
  matt stone and trey parker are both gen x from '71 and '69 respectively iirc - nowhere near the millennials ... 
  200gm ( 7oz ) patty with american cheese , lettuce , tomato , mayo , mustard , pickles and the restaurant 's spicy `` chevy sauce '' - simple , but perfect in every way . 
  i enjoyed it too , have an upvote for being gracious . 
  i bet if `` hey jude '' was `` hey judenstaat '' they would 've been allowed in . 
  squid are best when they 're that size and grilled whole as these appear to be . 
  sans sticks , this is very much how they 're served in croatia , where i 've eaten my personal favourite squid . 
  delicious !, 
  in the '80s ? 
  wow , i had no idea it went on for so long ? 
  where was that ? 
  it happened to my dad in australia in the '50s , but the '80s blows my mind . 
  grilled small squid like that is delicious , although i do prefer them just a tad smaller and i have n't eaten them conveniently skewered in that way before . 
  for 75 cents ea i 'd say you ca n't beat that deal with a stick !, 
  so did you name the cat after one of the [ band members ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skid_row_ ( american_band \\ ) ) ? 
  someone else must have stolen this from your post to r/fantasy as i have seen this before , but your post history clearly indicates it 's your own work . 
  good to see you taking credit and recognition for so much skill and effort !, 
  yeah like uss liberty was a `` mistake '' . 
  that combined airstrike/torpedo boat attack ? 
  of course it just happened accidentally . 
  could have happened to anyone , that kind of thing ... 
  hmm , or , alternatively , do n't illegally colonise occupied territory and nobody will feel the need to defend themselves by throwing rocks ... 
  * please note : `` king david '' may or may not have existed as no archaeological evidence of him or his dynasty has ever been found , despite the massive effort , expenditure and destruction of important non-jewish archaeological sites devoted to trying to find any such proof . 
  it sure as hell was n't israeli territory either , violence came from zionist settlers as soon as they arrived - it went both ways then , but prior to that the regularity of antisemitic violence was significantly lower than in europe ( for example ) with only a handful of significant events during the entire ottoman period , settler violence/encroachment leads to an entirely predictable reaction ... 
  next . 
  those all post-date the beginning of the colonisation effort and conveniently leaves out jewish initiated incidents entirely . 
  stop moving the goalposts . 
  your list is entirely and deliberately dishonest ; similarly to the calling of the murder of this palestinian kid a mistake ... 
  i fail to see the contradiction , but perhaps english is n't your native language so i 'll make allowances and leave that topic alone . 
  if you read the writings of zionists from the first aaliyah onwards the willingness and intent to act with violence is perfectly clear . 
  the incidents recorded by ottoman authorities as reported above are typical of the violence that was particularly prevalent from the colonists of the second aaliyah onwards , which escalated with the formation of hashomer , but predated even that organisation . 
  now please go away , you 're boring me . 
  you only asked for one source . 
  again you move the goalposts . 
  so the jews , even at that early stage , we 're so fond of disproportionate responses that they ended up starting a blood feud over a * bunch of grapes * when their guards killed an arab and that 's totally fine ? 
  it was far from the only incident , or disruptive zionist colonist behaviour , referred to in the article either . 
  israelis always go on about how they bought the land , and completely ignore the underlying attitudes of the zionists , who [ had no intention of peacefully settling , but had planned violence from the outset ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_aliyah#settlement ) , as these excerpts from their letters clearly demonstrate :, 
   `` the ultimate goal ... is , in time , to take over the land of israel and to restore to the jews the political independence they have been deprived of for these two thousand years ... 
  the jews will yet arise and , arms in hand ... declare that they are the masters of their ancient homeland . '', 
   `` the thing we must do now is to become as strong as we can , to conquer the country , covertly , bit by bit ... we will not set up committees so that the arabs will know what we are after , we shall act like silent spies , we shall buy , buy , buy . '', 
   `` there are now only five hundred [ thousand ] arabs , who are not very strong , and from whom we shall easily take away the country if only we do it through stratagems [ and ] without drawing upon us their hostility before we become the strong and populous ones '', 
  the violent intent and base dishonesty of the zionists is immediately clear , and claiming the zionists came in peace and just bought land to live in harmony is nothing less than a truly sickening historical revisionism . 
  for further information , an excellent documentary [ * 1913 : seeds of conflict * ] ( http://religiondispatches.org/1913-seeds-of-conflict-new-doc-explores-little-known-history-of-palestine/ ) details the disgusting attitudes and behaviours of even these early colonialists very clearly . 
  i included all of that , so why the `` why not continue '' ? 
  the first part you highlighted neatly encapsulates the zionists inherent dishonest disingenuity ; the key word in the second highlight is `` before '' , the implied after being when the violence will commence . 
  thanks for reinforcing my points , i guess . 
  in the wikipedia link i provided the * mutual * hostility is explained by israeli apologist ( not doing a great job in this case ) benny morris , but as you clearly are n't actually reading the information provided ( and why would you when clearly you * already know * *** everything *** ? 
  ) , here is this notorious apologists explanation ( again ... ) :, 
   for decades the zionists tried to camouflage their real aspirations , for fear of angering the authorities and the arabs . 
  they were , however , certain of their aims and of the means needed to achieve them . 
  internal correspondence amongst the olim from the very beginning of the zionist enterprise leaves little room for doubt, 
  the information about the documentary merely expands on this self-evident truth . 
  anyway , i do n't really care what you think . 
  your mind is set in stone and saturated with zionist polemic , but that 's fine by me : i do n't really provide this information for you and those of your ilk , but rather so others know both sides of the story so they can make their own minds up . 
  i 'm happy to let people do that , and confident in the moral clarity inherent in the history . 
  otoh , people being allowed to have their own opinions on israeli behaviour is clearly anathema to you ( and hey , i get why ... ) . 
  the line between the violence deeply embedded in the very roots of zionism and this `` mistaken murder '' ( lol ) has been drawn , now let 's let other people think for themselves , shall we ? 
  the land was already populated , the zionist goal was to take it over by way of colonisation and displace the native inhabitants - in itself an act of gross aggression that lies at the root of the entire issue and renders all your dissimulations bare . 
  you even admit it , you literally make my case for me . 
  keep it up , you 're literally digging your own hole . 
  for instance you openly admit you think a bunch of bloody grapes is worth two deaths and the ongoing conflict that followed ... 
  you have disproven nothing . 
  the finns fought both the germans and the russians at different times during the war . 
  is ok . russian is stronk . 
  has potato in pocket so buried alive is no big problem . 
  holland then . 
  i was just kidding with you man - i knew belgium straight away . 
  i mean you guys have hot chip vending machines , right ( and had them first even if others have them now ? 
  ) ; belgian waffles and chocolate are famous ( notorious to those on diets ) and the language bit clearly refers to the flemish speaking dutch , the walloons speaking french and those little pockets of people speaking german ... 
  the `` mussels '' you mean is surely `` muscles '' though , right ? 
  ( `` the muscles from brussels '' - jean-claude van damme ! ), 
  people have been hearing that bullshit for centuries and nobody with even half a brain will believe it just because abbas said it . 
  it 's one of the oldest antisemitic slurs out there - anyone stupid enough to believe this statement probably already thinks jews poison wells anyway . 
  though `` thinks '' is , in any case , probably not an appropriate word for people like that 's brain activity to be honest ... 
  indomi mi goreng is pretty famous . 
  most populous muslim nation . 
  used to be netherlands east indies . 
  there 's quite a few things more too . 
  ( full disclosure requires that i let you know i 'm an aussie - hi neighbour . ), 
  yes , sorry kopassus . 
  yes , they have a very poor reputation here too - though quite well known . 
  australian journalists and soldiers have been attacked and killed by kopassus , or thugs supported by kopassus . 
  otoh , at different times our sas have trained them , so all up they 're something a lot of australians know about indonesia .
