  the cat 's mother ? 
  i had delicious moussaka , one of my favourite meals from the pantheon of greek dishes . 
  that 's kind of even more confusing , but is what you generally mean that we do n't know enough to work it out ? 
  it 's an interesting abstract question , but you ca n't really apply any ideas you might form about such abstract questions to an individual !, 
  dude , you * have * to fight * this * guy now - he just literally called your gf a cunt !!!, 
  wtf ? 
  are you going to just * take that shit * ? 
  huh , i was going to say honey and s'mores . 
  that 's kind of the same thing , is n't it guys ? 
  watching ncis . 
  i know it 's not * quality * tv , but i enjoy it . 
  i would n't admit to my friends though . 
  i 'm afraid i would too . 
  not in preference to having actual sex with my gf though . 
  oh , for sure . 
  that particular situation is so complex a scenario i just would n't want to get tangled up in it at all !, 
  way too much scope for misery and heartache , not to mention stress . 
  aw dude ... 
  he keeps doing it !, 
  you got to sort him out . 
  right now !, 
  i 'm going to go ahead and speak to you very bluntly . 
  you are a straight up paranoid , delusional bigot . 
  it is the people like you from both sides that keep this conflict bubbling away and thus people being killed and maimed . 
  your didactic inflexibility and refusal to acknowledge reality as expressed via your hate-speech is no different from the hamas charter 's `` destruction of israel '' chapter . 
  both are utterly vile . 
  i saw a story like this ... 
  it was an svu episode op . 
  think about that . 
  think about how detective stabler would be treating you right now if that episode was actually about you , not just a creepy teacher who acted similarly to the way you behave . 
  this is good in the sense that it 's easier to kill extremists if they congregate rather than having to weed them out individually ... 
  ukip voter ? 
  too soon man , too soon, 
  i 'm not a u.s. citizen personally , but i get your point . 
  i 'm an australian and whilst we fought in vietnam and hence were involved , our troops do n't seem to have committed any large scale atrocities . 
  the australians fought a much more low-key , coin style war partly as a result of their doctrine , partly because they * had * less firepower to employ and partly because phuoc tuy province where they operated was different from i corps for example . 
  i have n't said anything about the arabs ; i just read the thread my comment is sitting at the bottom of and gave you my balanced opinion of * your * opinions as expressed above . 
  i am an interested , but impartial observer of this situation and your comments read like a stream of likud propaganda . 
  you 're completely oblivious to the hypocrisy , imbalance and vicious bias of your position it would seem and ignore any facts that do not fit in with your world view , no matter how well documented they may be . 
  that is why i said you are delusional . 
  it 's difficult to extract your intended meaning from your final sentence , but if you are trying to say i called you a moron , that was not actually what i said . 
  i have already explained what i said so wo n't repeat myself . 
  i notice you do n't bother denying the hate-speech aspect ; clearly you do n't see that as being a problem . 
  let me assure you it is . 
  it is very unpleasant indeed and self-defeating in so far as reading it only serves to swing moderate opinion against yours . 
  there were actually quite a few , but this wikipedia link should get you started reading about it if you 're interested :, 
  the us used them in combat for csar and resupply ; i think germany * may * have , but as to the rest i 'm not 100 % certain , 
  it 's a nato thing , related how belgium does n't even try to spend the mandated 2 % of gdp on defence and most of what they do spend is on wages and admin , not equipment . 
  they simply ca n't afford dogs capable of walking themselves out of the funds they have available and so require a u.s. soldier to help out by carrying the dogs they do have into combat . 
  yeah , it 's unfortunate they control such strategically valuable resources and so can get away with freeloading off the rest of the alliance . 
  you could delete the post and resubmit it, 
  that 's what you 're saying now , trying to cover your tracks you bin-lid-refusing-to-touch monster !, 
  this is bullshit , there was never a plan to do it , let alone throughout indonesia . 
  it was merely a proposal in one small district that was shit-canned immediately . 
  there is an element of truth to what he 's saying , not due to anti-semitism , but rather due to the israeli regime 's behaviour in palestine . 
  it 's hard to find many people in western , democratic countries at least who unconditionally support israel . 
  these people are n't opposed to the existence of israel , are n't racists , but are rather moral individuals who view certain behaviours of some sections of the israeli population ( ie the settlers , likud ) as unsupportable . 
  these people do not support hamas - or any terrorists for that matter - but can not see how israeli suffering is morally worse than palestinian suffering as pro-israeli zealots will argue , often explicitly and always implicitly . 
  it constantly amazes me when reading the comments in this sub that those fanatically pro-israeli commenters who will suffer no criticism of any aspect of israeli behaviour can not see that this is the situation and that their own intransigence merely contributes to the problem : they are not combatting anti-semitism , but actually fuelling it !, 
  nobody denies that there are rabid anti-semitic arseholes out there ( just as there are racist arseholes of every other ilk ... ) , but to deny that there * are * moral issues around * certain actions and attitudes * originating from * some * sections of israeli society is ludicrous . 
  to then argue that denial with hate-speech that is every bit as vitriolic as that of the worst anti-semites greatly exacerbates impartial observers disquietude . 
  i speak from my own experience and from having overheard or been involved in many discussions on the issue as well , of course , as reading commentary in the western press . 
  it is an issue that people are interested in and care about , and one that it would be in israel 's interest to demonstrate some capacity for flexibility and compromise around before disquietude hardens into anti-zionism or worse in significant portions of populations throughout the world . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  i see . 
  well , even if it was n't the best argued point at least you did n't call me an anti-semite or start frothing at the mouth about anything . 
  well done , i guess . 
  i realise you like to affect a laconic style whilst you comment throughout every single israel related thread in this sub , letting people hang themselves with their own words ( as i 'm sure you see it ) , but it would be much more interesting if you would actually contribute more , more often to the discussion . 
  those comments where you have ventured an actual opinion , despite displaying a very clear bias , are n't actually such that i would include you in the group of those commenters i was referring to above . 
  surely you can do better than puerile sarcasm and oblique , jejune single-word replies ? 
  come on , you 're deliberately misrepresenting my argument there . 
   if there 's an element of truth to `` israel is opposed by every country except america '' , i 'd like to hear it . 
  i did n't say that his statement was the * entire * truth . 
  why do n't you tell me which countries , other than the us , currently support israel 's actions in palestine ? 
  this is becoming an ongoing bone of contention between israel and western europe - at the moment there is a post about sweden providing aid to the pa , think about all the recent moves to recognise palestine as a nation and the angst that has caused in right-wing israeli circles ( going on reddit comments and netanyahu 's / likuds 's public statements ) and then there were the recent , barely veiled threats against the eu should they dare to enact the sanctions they have been considering for some time . 
   i do n't support every government policy of the us , does that mean i do n't support my own country ? 
  it 's amazingly bizarre that you think this . 
  i do n't unconditionally support israel . 
  if you look through my history - which you apparently have - i make it quite plain that i do n't support settlement construction . 
  does that now mean i hate israel and deny its existence ? 
  you are critiquing my my personal observations as a resident of a western democracy who regularly visits and has friends in many others - how is it a strawman argument ? 
  you mean that unconditional support is rare for any given issue . 
  that 's certainly true , but i was trying to differentiate between support for the existence of israel and support for israel 's actions in palestine and the behaviour of the current government . 
  i could certainly have phrased that better , but the fact is that all too often * any * criticism of any aspect of israel 's actions is misconstrued as anti-zionism . 
  ( which is , of course , just thinly veiled anti-semitism . ), 
  that is the distinction i was trying to make . 
  i have n't read your comment history , but have noticed you commenting very frequently . 
  obviously you do n't hate israel or deny its existence despite your own moral qualms at settlement : talk about strawman !, 
   so people who support israel in any capacity are racist , amoral individuals ? 
  i was referring to the fact that the people i was referencing are n't racists ; it was not a judgement on israel or people who support israel . 
  this is again symptomatic of the paranoid delusion that this is a binary issue and that any support for palestine in any capacity means outright hatred for israel . 
   people do support hamas . 
  anything hamas does is justified because xyz . 
  you never see that ? 
  it 's never an all-or-nothing game . 
  your inability to empathize with a group you disagree with is ridiculous . 
  yes , some people do support hamas , just as some people do support isis . 
  these are not the people in western countries i am talking about . 
  those to whom i refer are capable of understanding such subtleties as terrorists are bad and hamas are terrorists , whilst still having empathy for civilians on both sides . 
   how 're we defining fanatical ?
