  brb , googling * bobbie jo and the outlaw *, 
  it 's nothing to do with appearances . 
  nobody cares about that , those times are just when the holidays fall because our society has christian roots . 
  tbh i do n't get what you 're trying to drive at . 
  kumo : definitely * not * cujo . 
  what strange , arbitrary rules you seem to think everyone should abide by ; where * do * they come from ? 
  no matter : they , like you yourself , and this conversation you insist on containing ad nauseum , are pointless little things too . 
  your own english is far from elegantly phrased either , and indeed as you degenerate more and more into ranting it only degrades further and further . 
  the tautologies do n't help , nor does your unimaginative and unnatural sounding potty mouth . 
  i love the pretentious over use of emphasis too . 
  we have moved far beyond my initial comment , which was not directed at you , and yours , yet you seem to think the conversation should remain in stasis as you painfully belabour your little point . 
  one of the things about reddit is that comment histories are open for all to see , it is a regular part of using the site and therefore one does not have to `` stoop '' to reading another 's history . 
  if you consider it private you have a great deal to learn , although i can see why you are unhappy it is n't . 
  you are a peculiar little man , and i am quite certain absolutely insufferable in person . 
  you are still making me laugh , but increasingly i genuinely pity your students ( if , of course , they actually exist ) and such friends as you may have , though obviously your family must bear some responsibility for you being the way you are and thus deserve no such consideration . 
  what i find truly bizarre is your insistence that i should take you seriously . 
  why on earth do you think i would ? 
  you are merely some kind of jumped up little tesl trainee ( or something ) who seeks to inflict yourself upon others and thinks it 's clever . 
  quite ridiculous . 
  this argument is entirely one sided , as i seek solely to draw more responses from you for my own amusement while you definitely have some , albeit mysteriously opaque by this point , agenda . 
  your turn now , please do continue . 
  fuck , i thought i had done some * baaaaaad * shit , but nope , i got nothing for you . 
  what are you going to do to about the situation you describe ? 
  seems like it 's weighing on your mind . 
  no easy way out of this one . 
  do you think it 's the taboo of it that 's got under your skin so bad ? 
  you do know shit 's going to blow up in your face , one way or another , though , right ? 
  well , it does n't sound like you 're the worst person ever to exist , but you 've sure enough got into a pretty shitty spot here . 
  i hope things work out without your friend getting all fucked up . 
  i hope you skate too , but , if i might be so bold , i think you need to actively pursue a resolution , and just running away is n't going to cut it . 
  life 's a bitch , huh ? 
  good luck . 
  nice legs !, 
  pretty too . 
  i see what you did there . 
  i can buy it easily in australia , no idea about anywhere else though . 
  i 'm happy as a pig in shit right at the moment , but thanks for asking . 
  is this something you were told by an independent third-party , or did you hear it from drunk you ? 
  a wood-fired pizza oven would be handy . 
   on 4 july a mouse ran across the sofa in the chancellor of the exchequer 's office , sending one official screaming from the room . 
  the chancellor of the exchequer george osborne and cabinet office minister matthew hancock eventually cornered the mouse , trapping it in a brown paper sandwich bag . 
  the incident increased pressure on larry 's chief mouser position as rumours spread that the chancellor of the exchequer would take over the chief mouser position . 
  perhaps they should swap jobs , just see how it works out ? 
  just to encourage you to keep coming back for more kicks in the nuts i 'm going to quickly lay things out for you , ok ? 
  your point is bollocks . 
  you subscribe to the descriptive grammarians views , while i prefer the prescriptive . 
  under prescriptive grammar rules , my interpretation was correct . 
  there is nothing that says one is right and the other wrong , grammar is not that canonical ; however , within the rules i prefer i was entirely correct and * your * correction entirely moot . 
  descriptive grammar is no doubt preferred by you and others of your tesl ilk as it is looser and thus no doubt easier to teach . 
  if you had a formal education rather than a certification ( or whatever scrap of waste paper it is that gets you a tesl job these days ) and thus enjoyed the benefits of a more rigorous intellectual and academic background you would , i am quite sure , view things more as i do . 
  now for the big `` but '' : i do n't care what you think , i do n't particularly even care about the grammar rules . 
  i only wanted to , as is my inalienable right as an aussie , take the piss out of those stupid kiwis , a goal i had already achieved entirely successfully when you arrived . 
  subsequently all i sought was to annoy and frustrate * you * , seeing as you stepped up and demanded i did . 
  again , i feel i have enjoyed more than a modicum of success in that effort too . 
  i do n't take any of what you write under serious consideration because i could never take you seriously . 
  i genuinely do not care what you think . 
  so long as you are irritated i am happy . 
  conversely , you simply can not even hope to begin to irritate me for the exact same reasons . 
  i ca n't believe how far up your own rectal passage your head must be for you to have failed to grasp this so completely . 
  there is no point , no right and wrong , nothing to prove . 
  just this to-and-fro which i can happily maintain for quite as long as you feel like it . 
  i 'm on holiday , on a beautiful island in the adriatic as i type this and so it gives me something to look forward to in between trips to the beaches , bars and restaurants . 
  it 's just a bit of fun . 
  you are very optimistic indeed if you think i am going to review anything you 've written , let alone believe you have proven anything except that you 're so thoroughly triggered you keep bending over so i can give you another kick in the nuts around this time daily . 
  it 's brilliant , i love it . 
  you are great at bringing out the trolling instinct in normal people , you know that ? 
  not a great attribute for one who aspires to teach , but it is surely a trait you could exploit somehow for work . 
  have you considered rodeo clowning maybe ? 
  or a lizard person communicator of some kind at least . 
  personally , i think this photo quite clearly illustrates that she is , in fact , an actual bona fide lizard person herself . 
  lol ok , sure . 
  hope that makes you feel better . 
  have fun , hope you do n't get beaten up too often . 
  germans are funny like that , are n't they ? 
  nah mate , it 's not you with a problem . 
  it 's him . 
  do n't pay any heed , we 're not all like that !, 
  none of these acid attacks under the raj though , were there ? 
  did n't you know ? 
  gandhi and hitler are actually the same bloke . 
  them . 
  warfare on the eastern front . 
  seppoes . 
  do you mean exacerbates the issue , or just that drinking booze frustrates and irritates it ? 
  i do n't believe there is growing jew hatred . 
  i believe there is increasing disquietude at israel 's appalling crimes against the palestinians , but most people are quite cognisant of the difference between the israeli government , the israeli people and non-israeli jews . 
  certainly the people i talk to are . 
  the perceived conflation exists primarily in the minds of ultra-nationalistic , pro-israeli zealots who believe they represent all jews and thus view legitimate criticism of israeli policy as hate-driven attacks on the jewish people , no matter how such criticism is framed and despite paying lip-service to the notion they accept there is such a thing , when quite clearly they do n't . 
  no evidence is evidence of nothing . 
  the fact is the british , with their innate sense of decency and fair play , exerted a massively civilising influence over the dark subcontinent which was , however , quickly eroded by the bestial passions nationalism aroused when the british people finally decided they no longer wished to shoulder the massively onerous burden of looking after their ungrateful native subjects any longer and rolled up the empire . 
  nope , but the person you text will be charged for receiving the text ( ie the cost of its being sent from australia to wherever they are ) . 
  scotch whisky , dried flower head varieties from a specific genus , books , diecast models , militaria and ancient artefacts . 
  very sweet looking dog , but the thumb looks like a horned demon with massive fangs . 
  i too gained the same new appreciation for a genre i had never previously explored from * o brother where art thou * 's soundtrack , i think it 's great . 
  what the fuck is a c unit ? 
  sorry , you 're right as far as texts go - though 50 cents ( which is what my optus mobile 's text from optus received on arrival here is telling me a text from croatia would cost to send ) is scarcely a fortune . 
  that said , at doha during my stopover it would have been $ 1.00 , which , while again not being a fortune in and of itself , * is * pretty scandalous . 
  what i described above is true for calls though , $ 1.00 \\* per minute to both make * and * receive ( while an aussie caller in australia would only pay local charges ) . 
  the moral of the story is use whatsapp , wechat or whatever when you have wifi and avoid calls/texts as much as possible . 
  edit : added the per minute,
