  i 'm not malay or indonesian , so i would n't claim to be any kind of true expert , buy i guess rendang is a particular style of curry with a very distinct flavour . 
  ( i would still classify it as a form of curry though . ), 
  it is quite dry as curries go , with a sweetish flavour that is kind of similar to a thai massaman curry more than anything else . 
  ( in fact , thinking about it now i can only imagine massaman beef curry and rendang are related , seeing as thailand and malaysia border each other and both dishes are slow-cooked , tender beef chunks in a sweetish , thick , spicy gravy with peanuts ... ), 
  the big thing for rendang is that the beef has to literally fall to pieces - rendang recipes typically call for slow-cooking it for a full 24hrs to achieve that . 
  ( i have only ever had beef rendang , but i am sure the same would hold true for the chicken variety too ) . 
  fush and chups !!, 
  ... or your drink !, 
  the same is true of the palestinians too though , something many pro-israeli also lose sight of . 
  that 's one of the most annoying things about these arguments of reddit : both sides are way too quick to generalise and dehumanise the other in their rush to make their own side sound like the wronged party . 
  that was the problem with the op ; sure it 's true that israelis themselves are n't an evil group of oppressors , but equally there is much more to the conflict than israeli policy solely being concerned with citizen safety or `` the palestinians '' being driven by religious extremism . 
  both sides have aspects in which they 're in the right , and equally both sides have senses in which they 're behaving poorly . 
  the important thing should n't be pointing fingers , but trying to end the whole awful mess . 
  edit : downvoted for literally saying `` israelis are n't evil oppressors '' and the important thing is an end to the violence ; comment * still * too `` anti-israeli '' to survive . 
  wtf people ? 
  which of those bits offended you ? 
  you guys are * nuts * !, 
  let them try it for free the first couple of times , then when they * really want * your product bam - start charging full price . 
  works every time . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  screw ksa and their interference in yemen . 
  well load-balancing * is * important to stop any server from crashing . 
  though if there 's an actual crashing noise you must have * really * screwed something up . 
  i think that 's not necessarily something that can easily be quantified , let alone quite so definitively . 
  from both sides the most extreme voices are the most vocal , perhaps distorting both the impression people hold of their own side and the other . 
  i have no doubt there are such people in the palestinians ranks - many of those who really support the violence are more than happy to express that opinion . 
  otoh , the extreme right religious nationalists in israeli politics are also very open about their disdain for ending the conflict until they have achieved all of their objectives and certainly do n't shy away from advocating extreme measures such as ethnic cleansing and even genocide . 
  they are also , in the form of the jewish home , firmly ensconced in power as part of netanyahu 's coalition which is overall very right-leaning generally . 
  i personally think it 's fairer to say that there are people who do n't care about a peaceful solution in both camps and in both camps they enjoy much more influence than they should be allowed . 
  i agree entirely - not only would that help sell their cause , but genuinely social change would help clean out the extremists . 
  unfortunately reactionary , conservative societal elements naturally flourish in conflict situations so there 's a bit of a chicken and an egg situation going on there at the moment . 
  ok then . 
  thanks for sharing that . 
  i am baffled that you managed to wring that interpretation from my words , but hey , whatever floats your boat man . 
  i realised i am not dealing with a reasonable individual some comments back , at which point i immediately lost any interest in trying to influence your opinion . 
  we 've both said our piece ; now everyone else can read what we have to say and make up their own minds . 
  i am perfectly happy with that , as you should be if you really do believe you ever `` actively swatted me down '' as you so amusingly described the conversation . 
  tbh i was quite pleased when you ducked out before as the conversation was already boring by then . 
  if there 's nothing else i am , as i said , happy to let you on your way , huffing and puffing with your blinkered and bigoted beliefs perfectly intact . 
  edit : spelling, 
  there was that guy u/violentacrez who was the mod of all those fucked up subs like r/jailbait , he would surely have to be the most * hated * redditor . 
  are you certain you are n't some kind of brainwashed assassin , a ticking time bomb kidnapped , moulded into an hitman and then sent by the drpk to lurk unsuspected among the capitalist american running dogs until such time as you are activated to complete your mission ? 
  also , you are now banned from r/pyongyang . 
  edit : stupid autocomplete, 
  you get that though , do n't you ? 
  you know . 
  when you start raping and stuff . 
  edit : forgot a word , as u/badadvicebot pointed out with such gracious subtlety below . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  your reply literally makes no sense whatsoever . 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  was it more like the articles where you just read the headline or - as in this case - a few random words maybe ? 
  the guy i replied to said it would be better if palestinian society became more enlightened and modern and i said yes it would , but that the conflict makes change harder . 
  the chicken and egg referred to which could come first between conflict reduction and social change . 
  no you did n't , you started going on about ~ ~ hebron ~ ~ attacks in the 1910s and a random assortment of other rubbish . 
  i do n't have to explain my username to you , i 've explained it often enough before - go through my comments if you really care . 
  you might even learn something while you 're at it . 
  needless to say your facile interpretation is fucking ridiculous . 
  edit : fixed detail - it should be easy enough to work out what . 
  if you , you know , read the comment that is . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ a ^ ^ suggestion . 
  you 're right , i forgot a word and of course it did n't make any sense . 
  thanks for being cool about it instead of going all grammar nazi , all fixed now so it should make perfect sense . 
  ditto for illegal colonisation , martial law , extra-judicial executions and stuff . 
  i agree entirely : both sides have serious issues to confront on the road to peace . 
  sorry yes , i edited that above . 
  it was * attacks * , not hebron . 
  my mistake . 
  my username refers to the [ sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) , history 's first terrorists . 
  the were jewish religious zealots who went around stabbing people in public to cause terror ( ie stabby rabbis , literally ) in the 1st century ad until they - somewhat stupidly - tried to take on the romans and ended up getting besieged at a place called masada . 
  i chose it long before the stabbing attacks ( end of ' 14 ) as kind of a comment on the cyclical nature of violence , you know , but it seems most people are n't as interested in levantine history as i am because most people do n't get it ; do n't worry , you are not the first one . 
  tbh i would change it if i , but now , nearly two years of conversations on , it 's a bit late . 
  sorry if i sounded a bit snappy . 
  just gets tiresome having people misinterpret * everything * and take what are generally pretty moderate opinions as attacks on israel . 
  i honestly support israel - it 's right to existence with ongoing self-determination and security . 
  i recognise there * are * a lot of good things about israel , but also want the conflict over and the palestinians to have * their * self-determination too . 
  they are not incompatible beliefs , despite what some people seem to believe . 
  i think it sucks that these conversations get so heated so often because it really gets in the way of any decent dialogue between people who are much more moderate than comments made in the heat of an argument , or in response to something else one of the real ideologues on either side said , might make them sound . 
  i 'm glad we spoke politely man and hope we can talk in a level-headed manner next time . 
  i really do n't think blame can be laid at either side 's feet 100 % , have any desire to delegitimise israel or have any illusions about the worst of the palestinians . 
  i do think most people want a normal peaceful life when it comes down to it and want that for both sides . 
  i really hope not , it must be indescribably awful to have to go through , especially time and time again . 
  obviously i know i - or any single person - ca n't change any of it myself , but i do think the more people are talking about it , the closer the resolution gets . 
  i really prefer to believe it 's not going to go on forever . 
  take care out there man . 
  the ya'alon resignation/lieberman appointment raised quite a bit of protest so it 's clear the right do n't speak to everyone . 
  obviously you 'd know better , but i have picked up an undercurrent of dissatisfaction with the present coalition in israeli reporting and from moderate israelis on reddit ( not so much in this sub where everyone is so shouty , but reading r/israel for example ) that makes me think maybe the next election will swing back to the middle . 
  another fight would set that right back though and radicalise more palestinians . 
  not great for anyone . 
  as a rabbi ( secular ) , i can tell you it is not a general rabbi problem - it is a that rabbi problem . 
  yep . 
  there are a lot of dishes where the flavours develop overnight , but chilli con carne has be the top of my list too . 
  all the different ingredients really mature overnight , in fact chilli gets better and better over a couple of days even more so than just one . 
  i always make a massive pot and have first chilli and rice , then a couple of nights later maybe nachos or chilli dogs for dinner again and i have work lunches for a few days too , usually at least one or two boxes going in the freezer so i do n't overdo the chilli . 
  ( tbh though i do n't really get sick of it anyway ! ), 
  the only thing is the chilli burn fades a bit , so sometimes i add extra chilli or cayenne powder when reheating . 
  edit : i. 
  hate . 
  and i thought getting jinxed was * unlucky * . 
  boy , was i ever wrong about that !,
