  i wonder what community these people you know are drawn from ? 
  the guardia civil is not a regular police force as people in most western countries are used to . 
  their brutality was a byword for many years , though they have become less intimidating since franco 's death . 
  you yourself said both sides were as bad as each other . 
  in australia a decent coffee is $ 4.50 from a cafe and i drink one every day . 
  at least one , meaning my habit costs me  $ 1,600 pa , or 10x that average . 
  perth 's crazy with prices . 
  here it 's pretty much universally $ 4 - $ 4.50 . 
  there are a few decent places around that are cheaper , but not many :(, 
  still it 's better than london where coffee always costs more than that and is often awful , unless they have an australian making it ... 
  i can imagine ... 
  at least in the uk they 're moving towards having espresso machines and offering flat whites - influenced by aussies and kiwis - but they 've still got a long way to go in most places . 
  i did n't dare even try to order a second long mach topped-up which is what i generally drink here , after i was brought a very average macchiato with a little jug of cold milk the first time i tried , lol !, 
  what happened to the french being all about free speech ? 
  russia supports iran though and always has . 
  he wo n't gain much help in initiating his war of aggression against iran there , so what 's he going to do now ? 
  with the greek skill at economic management i ca n't possibly see how that incredibly complicated plan could possibly fail ... 
  love rotties , they 're the best , 
  i thought he looked a bit shaggy !, 
  that 's a good mix , they have the same kind of derpy face as rotties and berners have the same colouring which is why he looks so much like one ... 
  looking closer i see the little patch of white on his chest now . 
  you can see that in his expression . 
  he looks like a nice dog . 
  flat white . 
  i 've never heard of either of those types , but a flat white is a fairly basic coffee - shot of espresso with warmed milk . 
  you say tomato ( tom-ar-to ) , i say tomato ( tom-ay-to ) ... 
  what does it have to do with `` friendliness to the west '' though ? 
  what other types of real coffee are there ? 
  i did specify decent . 
  i * never * drink filter or instant . 
  french press in a hotel room or whatever if i absolutely must , but only under protest . 
  even at work ( and my last two jobs for that matter ) we have a little coffee machine that makes a drinkable cup of fresh ground , espresso style coffee ; in australia people just do n't drink filter coffee ... 
  ever . 
  we 're not savages . 
  the narrative of auschwitz - indeed the holocaust as a whole - is a truth , not a belief ... 
  the true horror of it may have been diluted as a result of those who have since exploited it for their own nationalistic political ends , but it certainly occurred as told . 
  were n't * you * just saying it was a belief , not a truth ? 
  which is what this is in response to ... 
  he most likely ran into muslims directly affected by the ongoing occupation of palestine . 
  the community as a whole is now trying to paint a truer picture of themselves as a whole . 
  refusing to accept that is like saying that netanyahu is a right wing extremist , so all israelis are right wing extremists !, 
  ( also patently not true ... ), 
  ugh , she sounds * awful * . 
  i think your minimum interaction policy is best course , unfortunately you have to be very careful with people like that because i 'm sure she 'd love you trying something overt to expose her ; she could then get upset and play the victim !, 
  as the other commenter says you should move both your dad to your mum 's membership and let `` her '' membership expire . 
  you can then pay for them both again if you like . 
  < insert words  cunt !, 
  ok , i can see that rereading * his * comment . 
  on another note though : did , did ... did you just log out and log back in with an alt ? 
  that was the * exact * same reply `` op '' posted and then quickly deleted , only with the first sentence appended !, 
  i 'm not justifying anything , what happened in the first place was very distasteful . 
  i 'm saying that reconciliation and cooperation between different communities is positive and should be embraced instead of constantly fuelling the flames of anger and hatred as linking back to the original story seemed to be an effort to do ... 
  to that end i just wanted to differentiate between nasty individuals and the community as a whole . 
  that 's what a flat white is ... we use milk not cream though , but if you mean filter coffee by `` regular '' you ca n't even buy it here as far as i know . 
  even mcdonalds does n't sell it ( i think - i never go there , but i know they * do * sell flat whites , cappuccinos , etc ) , though i guess mcdonalds would be cheaper than a cafe . 
  starbucks tried to come here , but shut up shop and left after a year or two because nobody bought it . 
  people here just like coffee the way we like it i guess . 
  i guess you could put it that way given how i phrased my last comment , but as i explained to the other commenter i literally do n't know where to buy filter coffee even if wanted to . 
  again as i said to them we just like coffee the way we like it here , it 's not just me . 
  ( although lots of people will drink instant . 
  not people i associate with , but they 're out there . 
  apparently . ), 
  who is n't ? 
  that shit 's fucked up . 
  at least 2 rockets explode in * syria 's golan heights, 
  i wish the israelis on reddit were like these guys ... 
  how is my username racist or violence condoning ? 
  is it because it has a word associated with judaism as part of it ? 
  does n't that make anyone whose username includes any such word racist , or bigoted if it refers to some other social construct such as a religion that is n't also a race ? 
  i * never * make * any * racist comments ... 
  ever . 
  maybe i just like the way it looked ? 
  perhaps it refers to something i observed locally , or on the simpsons ? 
  saying it 's racist and violence condoning smacks more than a little of paranoia ... 
  thank you . 
  it 's not actually stab-i-rabbi either , but stabbi-rabbi . 
  it does n't rhyme , but it looks cool . 
  can i have all those downvotes removed now please ? 
  you could at least take * your * downvote away ... 
  well , at least that 's a valid reason i guess ... 
  er , i think that these days most people around the world actually believe the nazi party 's true ideological successors were on the other side in that war ... 
  you 're right , i can only speak directly for the people i know personally around the world who have expressed such opinion ; beyond that i am merely extrapolating what is likely based on what i do know . 
  i have no problem with jewish people or , for that matter , israel . 
  i * do * think that the israeli government is behaving deplorably in the territories they have illegally occupied , including the golan heights . 
  in fact i like the jews i know and am a supporter of jewish culture , even eating bagels on many occasions !, 
  you * think * you 're fine ... 
  do you , well , poo candles ? 
  shame only half of it 's in english and the rest is some kind of unintelligible gibberish ... 
   hell some even smoke weed with me, 
  wow , you 're really nice !, 
  i wish some kid would help * me * score and show me what to do ... :(, 
  30 + here - can confirm we 're * all * racist bigots, 
  i have never once got poop on my genitals , perhaps in the west we just poop differently ? 
  literal white knight - check out the username, 
  very premature pre-cum if she 's only just reaching for it ... 
  did i say that ? 
  is that when you get an intense pleasurable rush from somebody sticking a finger up your rectum to stimulate the prostate ? 
  call mulder and scully !, 
  well i do n't have an opinion then . 
  do they show up in drug tests ?
