  in the roman era all the people of the italian peninsula were granted roman citizenship in the aftermath of the social wars , but even prior to that the latin tribes were a subset of the italic tribes that shared many cultural traits and an identity as latins as well as their specific tribal/civic identity . 
  the italian people may not have * called themselves * italians per se , but there was definitely a shared sense of collective italian identity . 
  the same principle applies to the palestinian people and claims to the contrary are just more bullshit propaganda aimed at delegitimisation of the palestinian position and denial of the natural morality inherent in their legitimate claim to being the true continuously predominant indigenous population of the region . 
  perhaps fewer resolutions would be necessary if israel tried * not * ignoring them all ? 
  just a thought ... 
  it 's true everyone should honour them , but the poor behaviour of others is never an excuse for one 's own poor behaviour . 
  or to put another way , two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  surely as human beings we should all always strive to be better rather pandering to the lowest common denominator ? 
  so ... might is right , and the world 's armies need to police israel 's behaviour ? 
  that is the logical inference from what you just wrote , though i 'm not certain it was the idea you intended to convey . . 
  op , it 's posts like this which keep me subbed here . 
  this is brilliant , you found gold with this fuckwit . 
  u/mullac1128 , it 's off your head cunts like you that keep me in stitches generally . 
  i 'm happy i can watch you work without having to ever meet you . 
  oh i agree entirely , ideally both israel * and * palestine would be demilitarised and placed under un control until the conflict is resolved . 
  i am not saying that only israel should behave . 
  dss, 
  i was in bosnia literally less than a month ago and it was lovely . 
  the croats and bosniaks live pretty much separately from the serbs , but there 's no more war , which is better than it was before nato stepped in and the un cleaned things up . 
  ( the scars of war are everywhere still obviously , and there 's still some tension , but no violence . ), 
  i spent time in both parts of the country and both were much the same . 
  just cyrillic in the serb areas and latin characters in the croat/bosniak parts . 
  of course . 
  it 's the essential first step , and of course israel is by no means solely responsible for the present lack of such agreement . 
  one day i really hope to visit israel and palestine and be able to say the same kind of thing as i just did about bosnia , seeing both people 's living in at least peace . 
  ( peace and harmony would be even better , but just peace would do . ), 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but would n't it be difficult for me , as a third-country citizen , to just fly in , hire a car and drive around between the two states though ? 
  bosnia there are no checkpoints , the only guns you see are in police holsters and i did n't even need a visa to enter . 
  obviously i can understand why it 's not the same , but would n't it be great if it were ? 
  that would have been unimaginable in bosnia twenty odd years ago , which is something that gives me hope for you guys . 
  maybe i 'll have to look into visiting sooner , it 's somewhere i definitely want to come to see . 
  there r/warplaneporn , but helicopters do n't get much attention there , though imo a helicopter is as much a warplane as a fighter is ... 
  start the sub man , i 'll post a bunch !, 
  i see what you did there . . 
  he is a shameless hack and such a smug prick with it , but damn he gets the best pictures ; i do n't like giving him traffic , but i do n't like just trying to grab karma either . 
  if i provide the source people can read it if they want , but nobody 's twisting anyone else 's arm . 
  apaches get transported like this regularly , idk if earlier models had them in us service , but the photo was very clearly labelled . 
  it 's definitely a us army longbow . . 
  i 've either read that book , or the story elsewhere . 
  this [ glen grant 50yo ] ( https://www.danmurphys.com.au/media/dm/product/308x385/419644_0_9999_med_v1_m56577569855130457.png ) looks pretty fancy , and is a steal at $ 15,000 aud ( ~ $ 11,500 usd ) here is australia ... 
   there 's a lot of things wrong with this country but the fairy isle is not one of them and it definitely is one of the problems in the us . 
  israel is so gay friendly that you guys get your own island ? 
  what 's wrong with facilities for gay jews in the usa ? 
  edit : oh , i see your edit and what you meant , the * dairy aisle * . 
  sorry , mistake ... 
  ~ ~ what 's the fairy isle then if it 's not an island for gays ? 
  ( i know fairy is an outdated term , but just thought that might have been your english ... ) ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ you do n't actually believe in * real * fairies do you ? ~ ~, 
  i like israel fine and find it interesting , i just wish you guys would stop fighting ( that obviously includes the palestinians too - it takes two to fight , and two to stop fighting ... ) . 
  jeremy wade would * love * this fish for * river monsters * . 
   ironically , the receiver , not the sender , was responsible for the cost of postage up until the 1840s . 
  a person in those days paid for the privilege of being insulted by an often anonymous `` admirer . '', 
  at least being trolled on reddit is free , i guess . . 
  macallan ruby , from the 1824 series of nas expressions . 
  i was talked into buying it because the glengoyne ~ ~ 18 ~ ~ 21 i went in to buy was not yet in stock ( it was a newly opened branch of a bottle shop chain ) , and given a discount , but really wish i 'd just waited for the glengoyne ( which is a lovely whisky ) . 
  it was n't awful , but it certainly was n't worth the price ( even with discount ) . 
  it improved somewhat after having been open a couple of months , but , even then , it * still * was n't worth the price . 
  edit : you can see what i did . 
  hanoi is a great city , i 've really enjoyed it both times i 've been . 
  the lakes are lovely , especially at night . 
  is this the one where the turtle lives ? 
  ridiculous , is n't it ? 
  if someone gave me a glass i would certainly thank them and drink it , but pay for it again ? 
  bloody . 
  way . . 
  no worries , glad to have been able to explain and help out . 
  no , he makes a good point . 
  why is israeli colonialism a noble cause that justifies the idf 's egregious violence , while palestinians defending themselves against the grasping , venal settlers are automatically terrorists ? 
  the short answer is that it 's not . 
  israel 's complete disregard for any morality , let alone law is not mitigated of legitimised by the fact this occurs at a state level . 
  if anything that makes it worse ; the only reason you are blind to this is that your own bigotry distorts your view of the situation . 
  so you deny that settlement is taking place ? 
  how is that not a fact ? 
  or that israel 's violence against those who protest is state sponsored ? 
  and how is displacing the indigenous population moral ? 
  your own focus on such facile trivialities as a username indicate exactly how you decide what is fact and what is opinion . 
  it reduces your entire comment to an attack on me personally without demonstrating how your opinions are facts and my facts opinions . 
  the truth is both of our comments mix elements of both , which , given the * indisputable * fact that we are on an internet forum discussing news , not in a courtroom or academic setting , is entirely appropriate . 
  i 'm not going to indulge myself with pointless repetition , but you may reread my previous comment as a conclusion if you like . 
  huh , we 're in bizarro world are we ? 
   wars of conquest [ ... ] land theft , the murder of innocent civilians , and the demonization of self-defense . 
  these are * all * activities israeli is indulging in , not the oppressed indigenous population of palestine . 
  yes , i know , jews are indigenous to the region too . 
  however , the key word in that sentence is * too * . 
  good argument . 
  you convinced me, 
  quite a lot - 1,300 [ m270a1 mrlses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m270_multiple_launch_rocket_system ) as seen here have been manufactured ( ~ 1,000 of those for the us army ) together with 700,000 rounds ( rockets ) for them . 
  the systems have seen heavy use , and their utility is only improving as new guidance systems and better propellants improve both range and accuracy . 
  these are also not the only rocket artillery employed by the us army , here 's an [ interesting discussion ] ( http://breakingdefense.com/2016/10/new-army-long-range-missile-might-kill-ships-too-lrpf/ ) of the current situation and how it is being developed for the future . 
  [ vaq-34 website ] ( http://www.vaq34.com/vaq34/ ) , including full history and a bunch more warplane porn . 
  from the website :, 
   the squadron 's primary mission is to play an adversary role in fleet exercises , employing equipment and tactics which simulate those of potential enemies . 
  the squadron is also tasked to provide support for individual unit training and for research , development , test , and evaluation projects assigned by the cno . 
  given the whiskies you mention , i would suggest trying either a glendronach 12 , aberlour 12 or glengoyne 12 : all are good value scotches from excellent distilleries that fit a similar profile ( albeit a bit more sherried ) . 
  if you would like to branch into something a bit more peaty i can not recommend the talisker 10 highly enough ; other good options would be a caol ila 12 or highland park 12 . 
  range , for a start - especially with the systems discussed in the second link like the long-range precision fires program currently in development or the system it 's intended to replace : the 25-year-old atacms missile . 
  atacms can presently hit targets over 300kms away , while lrpf will probably reach out up to 500kms . 
  the rockets are also relatively easy to adapt with new seekers to target moving targets ( including ships ) . 
  as the linked breaking defense article discusses , they are seen as being part of the solution to the russian and chinese a2ad systems designed and fielded to inhibit the ability of western forces to deliver pgms from aircraft . 
  systems like the m-270 mrls can also launch devastating barrages that will cover an large area very quickly , then move to shoot again before counter-battery fire can engage them .
