  it 's a good point you make though and whilst i think both sexes * are * learning each other 's `` traditional '' skills ( so that more women can change a tire when stranded on the side of the road and even guys like me - tiled floors aside - can keep a clean home ) the stereotypical role reinforcement is still holding that process back . 
  which is good for nobody . 
  it 's not safe to be stuck on a roadside , unable to change a tire and i 've had male friends ' whose living conditions ' levels of cleanliness were positively unsafe too ... 
  oh go on then , seeing as you 're such a nice chap . 
  what would you suggest ? 
  i do like some '70s & '80s hard rock such as black sabbath , ac/dc and motorhead ( for example ) if that helps ? 
  you can ask to see another doctor ; you are entitled to privacy at 16 , although , of course , you 'd have to wonder how private your conversations would end up being . 
  one would hope that a doctor 's professionalism would prevent them from discussing any patient 's personal medical condition with any person at all who is not professionally involved in the patient 's treatment ; however , would a doctor open up to your dad ? 
  i think if you found a female physician she might be less likely to get all pally with your dad if he tried it , for what it 's worth ... 
  scotch and pills is * great * , but not something i 'd recommend at 16 so please do n't go down that path . 
  being 100 % sincere and serious now , if i were you , depending on how bad you feel i would consider talking to your ( non-parental ! ), 
  remember though it may pass as you grow a little older and begin to be allowed more freedom . 
  16 can be pretty sucky and frustrating , but it does get better before too long . 
  probably if you just hang tight you 'll be right dude !, 
  good luck !, 
  the idf literally * shot a three year old girl in the face * whilst she was just standing on her family home 's balcony and you think people are n't actually disgusted by * that * , but are in fact just anti-semites ? 
  really ? 
  like , really really ? 
  interesting - never heard * that * before !, 
  it does n't really help the discussion though spouting what could easily be be read as positively medieval anti-semitic religious based slurs against jews when the actions of the idf - not jews , not even israelis in general , but * just * the idf and of course the cartoon villain netanyahu regime who gives them their orders to `` just follow '' - here are * actually * quite evil enough . 
  the idf shot a three year old girl in the face as she stood in her family home 's balcony as the idf suppressed a peaceful palestinian protest against a criminal west bank settlement 's denial of access to the native inhabitants ' access to their traditional and necessary resources , then shot the father as he tried to help his daughter !, 
  * that * is evil , not jews in general because they ( highly debatably ) worship * moloch * ffs ... bigotry is itself evil , whether it 's anti-semitism or israeli government apartheid and oppression in pursuit of their colonial project . 
  to an extent that 's true of most of the acrimony between the two states ; however , in this case it appears to have been a saudi princeling and his 200 bodyguards who sparked the stampede and accordingly the saudis must bear a great deal of responsibility . 
  not for their failure to improve the infrastructure per se , but rather for their system where the royal family - literally in this case - is allowed to ride roughshod over anybody and everybody else . 
  as i understand it both sunni and shia muslims make the hajj and i do n't believe the ( wahhabi ) saudi regime prevents shias from participating , although somebody more informed than i is welcome to correct me on this point if i 'm wrong . 
  are you israeli ? 
  yes , look through the / r/worldnews front page . 
  it was certainly up there within the last twelve hours ... 
  edit : still front page , here 's the link - https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3mawzd/the_stampede_was_caused_by_a_prince_and_200_guards/, 
  what about hospitals or pathology labs ? 
  or have they all been bombed shut now ? 
  which other ways are available to them though ? 
  or are they using car batteries in the first place for shits n ' giggles ? 
  well hamas did n't ban themselves now , did they ? 
  i realise you 're saying israel * has * to ban the essentials of everyday life because they can be and are diverted by hamas for nefarious purposes , but surely blockading so many genuinely useful , normal materials actually strengthens hamas politically within gaza . 
  unfortunately it 's a catch-22 for both sides now , but if you do n't want smuggling the answer is to let goods through . 
  the other thing with assad is that , unpleasant as he may be , the minority groups - shia , druze , alawites , yazidis and etc - in syria do n't suffer specific repression under his regime as they would under any sunni ( no matter how `` moderate '' ) regime that could possibly succeed him . 
  for that matter sunnis did n't suffer any specific repression under his rule either - his crimes are against those who oppose him politically . 
  even if a sunni government could gain control it would n't stop the fighting - factional , intra-sunni internecine infighting would ensue without a doubt . 
  already the `` moderate '' sunni groups are passing weaponry given by the west to al-nusrah and even isis ; this is indicative of what would occur with any other group that tried to fill the vacuum assad would leave . 
  that 's exactly how i read it too . 
  i for one hope that the russian presence does deter israel 's unilateral strikes against forces fighting isis and their materiel whenever israel feels those weapons could one day threaten their regional military hegemony . 
  as putin said assad 's forces - and hezbollah/iranian fighters in syria - are 100 % focussed on fighting isis , not threatening israel , and degrading their capabilities helps only isis/al-nusrah at this point in time . 
  should x-post this to / r/rawdenim . 
  talk about not washing your your jeans , let alone the original levi 's denim loom factor !, 
  assad 's regime is a secular state , but obviously you mean a new secular government . 
  tbh , i do n't know that one that worked could be established . 
  iraq is secular state , but riven by religious and tribal/ethnic conflicts as we have all seen . 
  and we 've all seen the results of the internal conflicts and weakness of the iraqi government . 
  regime change a and nation building is * hard * . 
  the advantage of assad is that he and his father before him have been the legitimate ( if not to our taste ) regime for a long time now . 
  many me states seem to revert to `` strongman '' governments in order to function because it seems it takes that kind of leadership to hold all of the different factions together ( or maybe that should be apart ... ) ; look at what happened in egypt . 
  even turkey which ataturk built into a shining example of a modern , secular state from the ashes of the ottoman empire is now sliding back towards a religious fundamentalist government/society-culture under that lunatic erdogan ... 
  it 's a little more complex than just a secular or elected government i guess is what i 'm trying to say . 
  assad is the quickest path to a return to normality for syria , even though he 'd need to be monitored through the aftermath ... 
  yeah i did n't read any agreement on allowing strikes against assad to continue in what putin said whatsoever . 
  i can only imagine the deployed russian forces include the very latest s-300vms , maybe buk-m3s , pantsirs and tunguskas - perhaps s-400s for theatre defence . 
  not only is that russian doctrine , but as you say i bet they 'd not only love to make sure their newest systems can defeat western sead/dead , but operational testing is the best way of to prove your equipments ' effectiveness to boost export potential !, 
  it could get really interesting watching the skies above syria . 
  it 's not like the russians need to keep they 're radar 's emission details secret even as nato elint would already be scooping that data up from their flights in the baltic and russia 's western borders . 
  i think op meant that obama has forced the * israelis * to moderate as compared to bush ... 
  do n't expect high standards of consistency or logic from their argument - you 'll simply collect downvotes and grow frustrated trying to coax either out of them . 
  instead just accept their salient point that * everything * israel does is right , fair and just whilst the exact opposite is true for the dastardly palestinians and move on ... 
  the annoying formatting is a new ( and actually highly effective , i must admit , tactic ) , but the thing of cheery-picking only select , out-of-context elements of your comments to `` challenge '' whilst ignoring the `` difficult '' points and fragmenting the whole things so as to avoid dealing with the overall issue at question is typical of these kinds of account . 
  the total effect is to make him sound very juvenile , although that may even be an affectation . 
  the whole exchange reminds me of the famous george carlin quote :, 
   ` never argue with an idiot . 
  they will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience . ', 
   that 's just such bullshit . 
  i 'm sorry , it is . 
  every jewish person i 've ever met just wants the palestinians to leave them alone . 
  well why does n't israel just pack up and leave the west bank ? 
  if they removed the occupation forces and criminal settlements the palestinians would leave them alone pretty quickly , at least those in the west bank would . 
  there are of course other wrongs of israel 's that need resolution , but if israelis really want to just be left in peace the biggest thing they could would be extend the same courtesy to the palestinians . 
  let 's not forget the palestinians never moved into `` israel '' , seized power via political manipulations and force or arms and then continued to push their borders further and further into what was left of the areas where the native inhabitants were still allowed to live . 
  i mean that is what started the whole thing . 
   they do n't need shit from the palestinians except some peace and quiet . 
  oh and their land and resources ... 
  so you think the arab/israeli war in '48 would have happened if all those european jews had n't decided to move into palestine and take it over ? 
  i am well aware of the history of the region including the sykes-picot line , resultant british protectorate in palestine , initial british promises to zionists that clashed with the promises made to the native , local arabs and how the un delineated israel 's initial boundaries which were first expanded following the arab attack in '48 and then further expanded by way of the currently extant illegal occupation following the '67 war which israel initiated ... 
  none of that changes my point - if there was no * der judenstaat * or zionist movement and so the european jews had n't decided to colonise palestine and managed to get un created by the un on the back of the horrors they suffered at the hands of the nazis during wwii do you think there would have been an arab-israeli war in ' 48 ? 
  any way you slice the cake the zionist colonisation of palestine kicked the whole thing off . 
  i 'm not arguing that there should n't be an israeli state - the tragic history of the jews during the millenia of the diaspora gives me a great deal of natural empathy for the jewish desire for a homeland and , let 's face it , israel now exists ; however , why should the palestinians suffer so relentlessly so the israelis can leave in comfort and prosperity ? 
  israel should at least remove itself to the '67 borders , pay reparations for what has been taken and allow the formation of a palestinian state * before * they make any claim to just wanting to be left alone ... 
  wow , so you * still * maintain the arab-israeli war would have occurred even * without there being an israel * ? 
  no israel should not give up something for nothing . 
  imo the calls for the right of return from the palestinian side are unrealistic and should be dropped and obviously reasonable concessions to ensure israeli security are a must , especially given israel 's brief history and the number of wars that have been fought during that time . 
  hopefully they are - if for no other reason than to prevent the idf from degrading the capabilities of anti-isis saa/iranian/hezbollah forces by bombing their fighters and materiel whenever the idf fears that those capabilities might one day threaten israel , despite the fact that all anti-isis forces are currently 100 % focused on fighting isis at present ... 
  '' ... ca n't you see his beard colour ? 
  he 's a ginger . 
  think about it . 
  do you want ginger kids ? '', 
  do you have a source ? 
  edit : a quick google for `` hezbollah mortar attacks israel news '' turns up only stories such as the january hezbollah attack ( which was itself retaliation for an israeli airstrike and , other than the israelis responding by killing a spanish un soldier , led to no further exchanges between the two forces ) or incidents the idf acknowledge as `` spillovers '' from fighting in syria . 
  please do show me where to read about these `` dozens '' of attacks . 
  there have been many recent plans and ideas to fit very large cargo ships ( bulk carriers , container ships , supertankers ) with large sails of various designs . 
  [ here ] ( http://gcaptain.com/wind-challenger-next-generation-bulk-carrier/#.vgovlvmedry ) is the first example i found from google , but there are many others i have seen mooted ... 
  well none of that stuff about hezbollah giving weapons to islamic jihad was in the articles i read , again maybe you have a source ? 
  are you * sure * hezbollah are n't fighting isis ? 
  perhaps you have a source for that , because the general consensus seems to be that they * are * fighting isis ?
