  the most hated country in the majority of european countries is the usa . 
  if you just mean which european country is most hated by other european countries it 's usually the next country over with which they 've fought wars and made jokes about for generations ; i guess currently a general answer might be russia though because putin is crazy . 
  generally europeans get along pretty well these days . 
  probably because he refused to serve in the idf ... 
  well , you copied the post and the title then did n't you , not just the title ... 
  you seem to forget/ignore buddhism and hinduism , both religions with significant numbers of followers in south and east asia ... 
  how old are you ( ballpark ) ? 
  i 'd say she 's just trying to emulate an older colleague whom she admires and to be cool like you by having a lot of `` friends '' . 
  obviously she never has and most likely never will actually meet any of them lol . 
  i can totally understand your feelings , but remember she 's only 15 and consider exactly how little her behaviour actually has any potential to affect you really . 
  i would be careful to ask that people do n't tag you in any remotely ambiguous scenarios : eg drinking heavily and etc. 
  her actions suck for that reason , but you should be careful what goes on social media anyway , 
  dogs wag their tails generally to express more positive emotions than cats do , but who are usually expressing displeasure . 
  dogs are naturally more exuberant than cats and so you see them wagging their tails more , but do watch out for cats swishing theirs - it could well be the prelude to the claws coming out !, 
  yep , i can totally understand - it is a bit creepy , but she 's just a kid looking for validation as a grown up . 
  we 've all been 15 and lived through our own blunder years , 
  she probably really does look up to you - or did until you were `` such bitch about her new fb friends ! '', 
  ( please note * i * do n't think of you as such , but am just trying to express her possible thoughts ... ), 
  i 'm sure she 'll move on to a new circle of fb `` friends '' as soon as she meets her next - for want of a better word - victim . 
  was n't it with the 173d abn ? 
  my memory could be steering me wrong here , but i think they did the only massed parachute infantry combat jump in vietnam during operation junction city ( sf/macv-sog and etc did combat jumps too , but obviously not as a battalion ! ), 
  - iirc she was all ready to jump with the 173d for the operation when , much to her chagrin , permission was withdrawn ... ( this is all from memory so please correct me if i 'm wrong ! ), 
  i 'm more of an expert in the field of rabbi 's who stab things , not mayors who stab orthodox jews . 
  maybe the mayor of tehran is an imam , but just being israeli does n't automatically make a mayor a rabbi . 
  they 're entirely separate roles in jerusalem as israel is a secular state , not a theocracy . 
  our cats do that - i call them `` rattlecats '' because it looks just like how a rattlesnake 's tail shakes !, 
  all he 's saying is just chill the fuck out man ... you humourless bastard . 
  ugh , * norwegian * black metal is so commercial . 
  it 's practically europop !, 
  swedish black metal is so much more authentic . 
  what does that title even mean ? 
  i can never understand kiwis . 
  nz is a beautiful country , but the language barrier is a real bitch for anglophonic visitors ... 
  australia is one of the most urbanised country in the world ... 
  89 % of the population live in cities according to wikipedia and most of those people live in just 5 - perth , melbourne , sydney , adelaide and brisbane . 
  do you mean stonefish ? 
  they 're the poisonous ones . 
  i thought it finished '' ... ; if they do n't , hunt them down and kill them '' ? 
   if we wash our hands of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless , we side with the powerful -- we do n't remain neutral . 
  with that quote he summarises the situation as it pertains to we in the west perfectly ... 
  how can anybody see such images and not be moved ? 
  how can you look at those pictures and say that israel is a `` good guy '' in this situation either though ? 
  unfortunately it 's not as simple as a '50s western where bad guys wear black hats . 
  both sides do fucked up , terrible things and both sides have elements of right to their side of the argument . 
  no israelis live like that though ... 
  as you say :, 
   i do n't see why israel has to act like a bunch o barbarians just because they do . 
  you just kind of made my point for me . 
  making people live in those conditions is barbaric ... 
  i did n't say all palestinians are `` in the right '' ; never have . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  have some empathy for human suffering . 
  those pictures are all disturbing , but they too show far greater damage , death and destruction being inflicted upon the palestinians than on the israelis shown ... 
  none of it is `` better '' than any other part of it ; your gallery clearly shows that the palestinians suffer disproportionately though , fighting with vastly inferior weapons and suffering exaggerated retaliations though . 
  tbh i ca n't quite make out what you 're trying to say . 
  i * think * you 're pro-israeli ? 
  i 'm not supporting hamas and never have . 
  the palestinian civilians do n't deserve to live in squalid rubble though . 
  some real concessions from the israeli ( far-right , unfortunately ) regime could go a long way to stopping the cycle of violence . 
  i 'm no anti-semite or anti-zionist ; just a humanist . 
  trawl my comment history if you want and point me to a comment where i support hamas or wish destruction upon israel ... 
  we 're both pro the same thing then . 
  i just think your view lacks nuance , just as you think i 'm plain wrong . 
  i can see why the palestinians are pissed off enough to fight `` back '' against israel ; although that does n't mean i condone it ... 
  in terms of fault we can trade incidents back through history , but surely playing the blame game is less valuable than trying to improve lives on both sides ? 
  you 're not wrong , but `` the world '' - except israel and conservatives in the us - do support palestine . 
  by your argument the civil rights movement led by mlk in '60s usa were aggressors , not people fighting their oppressors . 
  of course mlk eschewed violence which unfortunately the palestinians ceased to do some time ago ... 
  both sides should stop . 
  both sides have the right to exist . 
  israel should stop the apartheid and the bombardment ; palestine should depose hamas and cease their bombardment too . 
  nobody should have to live as the gazans do though full stop . 
  they were all laudable concessions , but since then matters have backslid . 
  i just hope the israeli people have the sense to vote likud out , then hopefully the type of concessions we just discussed can continue and hopefully the palestinians will also subsequently get rid of hamas . 
  i never said you should . 
  i sure as heck do n't . 
  barbarity is barbarity and it 's all disgusting . 
  where do you live ? 
  in western democracies where i live/visit/have friends the dialogue is very much one of disgust at israeli oppression . 
  nobody is saying get rid of israel or help hamas , just curb the worst israeli excesses and help the palestinian civilians . 
  who is advocating arming them ? 
  on the other hand new settlements have been being planned and built in the west bank , that awful wall continues to grow , the blockade grows tighter and tighter and air strikes kill thousands ( as opposed to single figures from equally indefensible rocket attacks ... ), 
  if that 's your idea of progress and continued good faith efforts i 'd hate to see what you 'd consider a real backslide . 
  i know what you 're saying , but you have to hold out hope for the future or you may as well get it over with and kill them all now . 
  likud certainly is n't helping . 
  hamas is a separate issue entirely - albeit one with strong parallels - and as you say harder to is . 
  improvements are only going to be incremental though as past events have shown and any improvement matters . 
  but i 'm pro-pacifism and anti-likud ( the fascists in this scenario ... ), 
  israel 's already confiscated all the palestinian tax income ; there 's nothing left for them to give ... 
  terrorism is n't exclusively religiously driven - what about princip who killed the arch-duke ferdinand ( in doing so starting ww1 ) who was , like sharon , driven by nationalistic motives ? 
  or anarchist terrorists such as baader-meinhof , or the communist italian red brigades or the also nationalist ira for whom religion just defined their nationalism ( like sharon ) ? 
  mr o'brien looks a bit like our esteemed leader , tony abbott . 
  could he perhaps actually be his grandfather and might that explain where abbott 's genetic disposition towards becoming a politician originated ? 
  i mean being convicted for robbery and elected prime minister certainly require similar character traits and moral standards ... 
  i can see this backfiring horribly , unfortunately ... 
  austrians are low-germans though are n't they ? 
  therefore they 're not * exactly * representative of true german culture either , are they ? 
  i do n't think that was peer reviewed and personally feel that the author 's conclusions are not accurate . 
  shot through the heart and she 's to blame !, 
  probably the prettiest soviet soldier ever too ...
