  living with your family is perfectly rational in your circumstances and as long as you contribute ( as you are ) you 're not being a burden , if anything i 'm sure they enjoy having time to spend with you guys as adults . 
  you do need to account for that large portion of your budget that just goes on unspecified stuff to get really solid , specifically targeted help . 
  the most important thing for your goals is to take on the good advice and move forward !, 
  you 're taking good first steps just by thinking about it !, 
  a hand carved butt plug is a beautiful gift if you have the skills and equipment . 
  just make sure you finish it properly so it 's smooth and sealed - any sharp bits left ( whatever material you make it from ) will be a real bummer !, 
  the holy grail . 
  it was buried in the internet by the knights templar shortly before the french king eviscerated the order and has been lost ever since ... 
  eat lots and lots of beans . 
  hang on , wait ... 
  i just did , did n't i ? 
  dammit !, 
  napalm was used extensively during ww2 , korea and every other war in between then and vietnam . 
  helicopters were used during ww2 , korea , the malayan emergency ( british post-colonial conflict ) and etc. 
  vietnam did see the first use of helicopters on such a massive scale , but it was n't their first use in a serious war . 
  besides these historical inaccuracies i think you captured some of the social impacts , although not all . 
  perhaps the greatest for the usa was that vietnam contributed greatly to the american people 's sense of mistrust of their government that exploded following watergate . 
  what about the many other terrible african conflicts , or the terror in the ussr or china 's cultural revolution ? 
  these each have cost more lives , the two communist states massively so individually and the african conflicts collectively and continuously !, 
  silent , but deadly my friend - practice the technique and brew up some nasty payloads ... 
  well , i 've already commented now so there 's not much point to that - it 's kind of a shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted scenario , is n't it ? 
  no op , * if * you win i guess you may as well just pick me and give me the damn cash ... 
  socialism generally means providing a safety net for all members of a society instead of letting the society run as a meritocracy . 
  this means welfare payments , free education , free medical care and a whole bunch of other wacky ideas , but stops short of removing ownership of private property or allowing the economy to function in a free market manner with companies owned by private individuals ( capitalists ) who own the capital and provide it to run businesses and employ people . 
  the state in socialist countries will often own utilities and infrastructure such as railways and run them , leading to the state being a massive employer ( which is not the best for efficiency as there is no `` survival of the fittest '' element to the economy '' ) . 
  there are different degrees of socialism , ranging from venezuela which is verging on communism/marxism to european democracies such as the scandinavian countries . 
  marxism is an extreme form of socialism where the workers take control of the means of production ( eg factories ) instead of them being owned by their capitalist masters ( social superiors/betters ) with the workers being wage slaves working purely to profit their the holders of the capital ( ie the factory owners ) . 
  it is hard to think of examples of pure marxist societies as most ran as communists , though there are still marxist rebels in many places , notably india . 
  communism is an implementation of marxist theory where the state owns all of the means of production and controls all resources - including the workers - in the workers name , each member of society ( supposedly ) contributing according to their abilities and receiving according to their needs . 
  in practice it means a command economy with very strict centralised controls over what people can do in many aspects of their lives , not just work-related . 
  the state provides everything and private enterprise is not allowed . 
  many businesses are run as collectives where by the workers `` own '' the business and run it , contributing its profits to the state coffers however . 
  in practice communist societies were/are grossly inefficient , uncompetitive and open to corruption - hence the collapse of communism in europe and its morphing towards capitalist economy with strong social controls in places like china . 
  the ussr was communist , also china , north korea ( although that is more of a cult of personality around the kim family ) , vietnam and cuba . 
  obamacare is communism ( as far as many republicans are concerned which is why they are so opposed to it ) . 
  i 'm actually from australia which has a very similar system to ireland/the uk ( we get govt . 
  subsidised uni with no-interest - just indexed to match inflation - loans for the portion we do pay , but same situation with dole , healthcare and school-level education ) and also have the govt . 
  currently trying to introduce more or higher fees around some of these services . 
  we are already encouraged to have private health cover here to supplement the govt . 
  provided services and give access to private hospitals and stuff , but you do n't need it for any essential health care ( although without it something like cancer would probably still leave you out of pocket by quite a lot by the end of your treatment ) . 
  these policies are n't communist at all ; they are socialist to an extent , but more just what i 'd call a welfare state . 
  this is a fairly low-level of socialism compared to some countries as ( eg venezuela ) . 
  in australia and the uk at least that means the govt . 
  provides a safety net for all members of society , but has privatised most utilities and infrastructure and relies on a free-market economy without much centralised control . 
  i 'd imagine ireland is much the same in that way too ? 
  i agree with you entirely that this system benefits society by meaning nobody has to starve , ca n't get an education and or needs to worry about not being assured of medical treatment . 
  it can be abused ( mainly dole-bludging etc ) and is n't cheap , but in our societies we have grown up with the understanding that society takes care of its members who then contribute back via taxes and etc. 
  seems fair enough to me . 
  tbh i do n't understand the hatred for obamacare either - if anything imo it is n't enough and free health care would be better !, 
  same with the university system which seems to saddle people with huge debts in the us . 
  i think there is a strong cultural history and bias ( especially from republicans ) towards a `` survival of the fittest '' / `` personal responsibility '' / `` small government '' model of social responsibility which drives the hatred for obamacare , but i ca n't really explain it any better than that . 
  i was kind of making a joke - obamacare does n't even seem that * socialist * to my mind , given that the govt . 
  still would n't provide any health care services itself , but rather just help out with health insurance ... 
  sorry , i probably should n't have put that in there , but maybe an american redditor will explain it better ( kind of what i hoped it might prompt , lol ) . 
  actually i agree with op and think you 're wrong . 
  i would say `` fewer '' in both of your examples . 
  it may be common usage , but it is incorrect . 
  you can certainly argue that many people would say `` less '' and that `` as language is not static '' it is * acceptable * usage , but you are not right to say that op is wrong !, 
  as op points out , it might not matter in conversation , but for circumstances where proper grammar is important ( eg academic papers , work documents , job interviews and etc ) , the use of `` less '' when `` fewer '' is correct will definitely lower people 's estimation of your understanding of and skill with language . 
  you may well thus be perceived as being poorly educated or unintelligent . 
  i know that it is in fact a particular bugbear for many people as far as grammar usage goes . 
  what the hell is that on her head ?? 
  is the oxford english dictionary an ok source ? 
  or , for a us site , and one that provides a more complete discussion , here is a link that quotes the chicago manual of style :, 
  she also states that : `` i find it impressive that the first citation of less being used with a countable noun in the oed comes from king alfred the great himself . 
  he was the great promoter of english over latin , and in the year 888 , wrote about less words . '', 
  otherwise just google `` less vs fewer '' and you will find countless examples supporting this viewpoint . 
  your example in the above comment is actually listed as an exception in the second link i provided . 
  you can use language however you like though ; i was just pointing out that imo you were wrong to say op was incorrect and supporting his assertion that most people who care about grammar will consider your usage incorrect . 
  the terror continued until stalin 's death in 1954 and people still died in the gulag even after then . 
  it was at its worst pre-ww2 , but also it carried on right through the war too . 
  ( there is some misconception that it ceased for the duration at least ; this is simply not true . ), 
  the holodomor * was * strictly pre-ww2 , not so the terror . 
  i am not trying to argue that the us behaved well in indochina , nor that there were many atrocities committed by us forces . 
  i am not trying to deny that they used horrific weapons or that the war as conducted was * wrong * in many ways . 
  i do not deny that the us government lied about their conduct extensively , at huge social cost to the country or that millions died . 
  my argument is merely that :, 
  a ) it was not the * absolute worst * atrocity post-ww2 ;, 
  b ) communist expansionism had to be confronted somewhere or they would have continued to push the boundaries until a point was reached where either they `` won '' the cold war , the effects of which could not have been good for the world or a nuclear ww3 was triggered . 
  by showing the communists that the west would confront their aggression it certainly arrested that aggression . 
  of course we can never know for certain what would have happened without engagement in vietnam , but it is a reasonable supposition that one of the above two scenarios would have played out , albeit to an unknowable extent . 
  i am not a supporter of the war , or any war , for that matter . 
  i apologise for the phrasing of my initial reply - it was certainly hyperbolic , somewhat tongue-in-cheek and definitely unnecessarily rude : sorry . 
  i actually love vietnam as a country , having been there four times over the past decade and am outraged and appalled at both sides ' violence and excesses ; however i do stand by my two points 100 % . 
  so does that mean she has frequent , vigorous sex with her husband because he is a man and she is gay in her mind ? 
  would n't she be * not * gay more if she had sex with women instead if she has a man 's mind ? 
  sorry if this is a dumb question , but it gets confusing !, 
  where is the cat ? 
  that sounds awful . 
  it must be terribly hard to keep up a positive facade at work ( everywhere outside home ) sometimes when you know you have to return to that kind of thing . 
  you could have just made all that up too though so far as * we * know !, 
  also why 104 weeks instead of the more commonly used two years ? 
  this , this is the only correct response . 
  if anybody does accept the challenge do n't forget that a bar is * full * of handy improvised weapons if you forgot to arm up before going out - bottles , glasses , ashtrays , pool cues , pool balls in socks ... 
  the list of items goes on . 
  good luck out there . 
  remember , violence * turns chicks on * !, 
  please do n't listen to * this * guy !, 
  she 'll never respect you if you 're not willing to fight for her affections . 
  who is `` she '' ?
