  the gods of child abuse facilitation or something perhaps ? 
  in any case , as gods , it would be disrespectful of him to write about his child , wife or his divine self * without * using capitals . 
  it 's all perfectly reasonable . 
  you use reddit friends ? 
  i did n't think anyone uses that button , ever . 
  what does it do ? 
  it 's not that as an israeli you 're worthless , but rather that supporting your country 's apartheid policies , colonialist project in the wb and oppression/murder of civilians in both gaza & the wb in any way makes one feel dirty , as doing so implies that one de facto condones these behaviours and by extension the amorality underlying them . 
  we do n't hate you , just the things your government , military and extreme right-wing ultra-zionist bigots do . 
  sorry , i would , but the thought of a `` reddit friend '' scares me in a subtle , but distinct way . 
  this is n't facebook you know !, 
  ( i stopped using facebook years ago ... ), 
  it 's not fair that all israelis are `` punished '' , but neither is collective punishment in palestine . 
  i have a lot of respect for many israelis , particularly in my technology related professional field and do n't bds myself for that reason , but i do support the concept at least so far as not purchasing goods from settlements goes . 
  insofar as i do actually use israeli products from israeli technology companies in my field i guess i could be accused of hypocrisy ; however , i would ( and to my knowledge , have ) never buy goods produced in a settlement . 
  it 's easy for me though - i live in australia where we see very few israeli goods full stop . 
  however , imo academic research should be apolitical . 
  even in the middle of the cold war both russia and america shared research . 
  ( famously the mathematical principles underlying stealth technology were published by the russians who were , at the time , unaware of the research 's military significance ! ), 
  i do not agree with universities behaving as you describe . 
  as an australian i had previously been in favour of our highly ( ridiculously it now seems ! ), 
  restrictive gun control laws , but this , well this makes me completely change my views . 
  the scales have fallen from my eyes . 
  we should all have guns !, 
  thanks for the correction - i was n't sure about that and went the wrong way it seems . 
  thinking about it though it 's simple logic that all three words freer to him , ergo all three should be capitalised !, 
  he was writing about himself , not the christian god , but obviously same rules apply ... 
  netanyahu is a sociopath - kerry just says `` israel needs peace to be stable '' , netanyahu basically responds `` we will have no peace on * my * watch '' . 
  kerry 's commentary was that if the pa explodes under israeli repression of palestinians and intransigence in refusing to allow a peaceable settlement then the situation will become entirely unpredictable and even more unstable for israelis and palestinians alike . 
  netanyahu responds that it 's all the pa 's fault and if the pa explodes there wo n't be a binational state - what that means for the millions of palestinians in the wb is anyone 's guess , but the range of possibilities would only seem to include very frightening options , considering netanyahu 's general bellicosity and hatred of the palestinian people . 
  except that it is most often the israelis who break the ceasefires :, 
  israel is also in no way part of europe whereas at least a little bit of turkey * is * in europe and they are certainly immediate neighbours . 
  it is an entirely spurious argument . 
  you cherry-pick one example where hamas was guilty whilst ignoring the overall message of both sources which clearly states that israel is constantly firing into gaza . 
  i in no way support hamas , but the facts are that all too often israel * is * the violator . 
  hamas are clearly a vile terrorist organisation whose actions can not be justified ; nonetheless that does not give israel the right to break the ceasefire only to hypocritically cry foul when hamas respond . 
  hmmm , what an insightful comment . 
  maybe i `` cherry-picked '' those specific sources to reply to his comment directly , considering he claimed that it is * always * the palestinians that break any ceasefires when clearly it is not ? 
  how is stating a fact within a specific context cherry-picking ? 
  do you understand what the term means ? 
  you should provide a link - i know what you mean , but i 'm sure even many aussies have no idea . 
  [ here , i 'll do it for you . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ), 
  actually it was [ 35 times in total ] ( http://www.assassinationinfo.com/attempted/adolf_hitler/timeline.htm ) , though only fifteen were actually during wwii !, 
  well the serbs * had * , you know , massacred thousands of innocent bosnian and croatian * people * in the preceding years . 
  i think that somewhat contributed to the lack of tears on their behalf for their * 35 churches * amongst the international community . 
  i 'm occasionally vocal in my criticism of israeli policies and actions with regards to palestine when i consider those to be immoral , but i have to say `` the jews '' ca n't be blamed for anything - let alone europe 's wars . 
  not all jews live in israel and not all israelis are responsible for the actions of the settlers and the government . 
  people may have blamed them , but that does n't make them actually responsible and there were a wide variety of factors leading to post-wwii europe 's peaceful run ... 
  but you are going to take some kind of vicious revenge later on in life though , right ? 
  no more `` he said/she said '' with the police officer assumed by the court to be the more reliable witness by default , but actual evidence available to back complaints up ? 
  yep i can see how that would radically change their work !, 
  i bet a bunch of them are like `` this is * not * what i signed up for '' . 
  for now they 're still racking up pretty big body counts and getting away with some very dubious actions , but as body cameras on cops come online i wonder how many will reconsider their careers ? 
  i love how anyone who is pro-peace is viewed as being `` anti-israel '' by so many pro-israelis . 
  the same way as discussing unrevised history that diverges from the israeli narrative is viewed as an attack on israel by the same people , or criticising * an * israeli individual . 
  - eg netanyahu - is clearly also an anti-israeli attack . 
  anti-israeli , of course , being code for anti-zionism which in turn is - in their view - just how anti-semites try to fool people into thinking they 're * not bigots . 
  edit : spelling at the \\*, 
  in croatian the word for `` mouse '' is `` mi\u0161 '' ( pronounced `` mish '' ) ; `` bat '' is '' \u0161i\u0161mi\u0161 '' ( shishmish ) which basically translate to `` upside-down mouse '' . 
  the point is that now , with cameras becoming ubiquitous , an increasing proportion of those claims are being found to have evidence and therefore merit ... 
  if we take your figures and assume they 're accurate , even 20,000 ( worst case ! ), 
  cases of police misconduct/brutality is * still * only 0.04 % of police/civilian interactions , but i would argue that * any * is too many . 
  as police officers begin wearing body cameras hopefully both they and the public will be protected by everybody knowing that if you do the wrong thing it * will * be recorded and punishment * will * follow . 
  most cops are obviously not bad apples , but again hopefully those that are will reconsider either their behaviour , or better still their career is all i was saying . 
  i guess it 's kind of an ingrained human emotive response to having one 's own `` side '' criticised , but it 's really not productive . 
  the problem is that it * is * an emotive response , rather than a rational one and as such it has a terribly clouding effect on people 's clarity of thought . 
  even being pro-palestinian does n't necessarily make one anti-israeli , especially given that it 's entirely possible to be conditionally pro-both !, 
  for example i would describe myself as a zionist in the loosest sense i have seen the term used here on reddit , ie a person who is ( greatly ) supportive of israel 's right to exist ; however , the plight of the palestinians troubles me deeply and i have deep moral qualms about the israel right/ultra-zionist settlers/netanyahu 's leadership . 
  without supporting hamas or any other group that kills civilians ( that includes the idf ... ) in any way , i believe the palestinians have the same right to self-determination as israelis do and that finding a resolution to the situation in palestine is absolutely essential for israel 's ongoing peace & prosperity . 
  perhaps even its very survival . 
  unfortunately people who are supportive of exactly those facets of israel that i find most troubling are the most vocal in forums such as this and so my nuanced position is always seen as `` anti-israel '' by these zealots . 
  it is very frustrating as such polarisation completely stifles reasoned debate , which is what i am genuinely interested in : i personally do not seek a soapbox !, 
  i must admit though that occasionally i too am guilty of reacting to the zealotry by writing comments that are much more black and white than my personal views because that sometimes feels like the only way to express dissenting opinions . 
  this makes me frustrated me with myself as i then become part of the problem ... 
  i understand that these are very polarising issues for people more directly involved than i , but i do wish there were more people who shared the type of understanding you just expressed above ; people i could actually have discussions with instead of arguments . 
  thank you for the balanced and insightful comment . 
  there are no jews in the wb because the jews were given most of palestine to form israel and in return the jewish inhabitants left the rump area that was left to the palestinians to from a state in . 
  if israelis want to move into those areas they should allow the right of return for the palestinians who were chased out - contrary to the agreement that the zionists signed to allow the creation of the state of israel - of their homes within israel 's borders by the idf during a war the palestinians played no part in instigating . 
  given israel 's history of having been given most of the palestinians ' land already under the un brokered agreement that allowed the creation of the state of israel and then aggressively taking more at every opportunity can you really blame the palestinians for not wanting israeli citizens to take over more of what they do have and not trusting the israelis ' word ? 
  if jews want to live in the wb they should be able to do so , but only as palestinian citizens - not israeli citizens . 
  of course that first requires the creation of a palestinian state , something that i do n't see happening under the current extreme-right-wing government . 
  why should israel be able to take everything they want ? 
   unfortunately the palestinians refuse , since they want the whole deal . 
  i find the irony of an israeli , even a zealot like you , saying this with a straight face * whilst discussing how israelis should be allowed to take what they like of the wb * absolutely jaw-dropping . 
  edit : added quote from comment replied to . 
  they may not be taking more land , but they are growing in terms of the number of homes and thus the number of illegally settled israeli citizens who have moved into the rump of palestine left to the palestinians . 
  this is a problem because it mirrors the zionists pre-israel colonisation strategy of infiltrating jewish settlers amongst the native population preparatory to violent action . 
  indeed the settlers are already violent , regularly attacking the indigenous population and provoking violence that the idf then comes in and resolves , always at cost to the palestinians rather than the settlers . 
  however , rather than discussing the history , surely we should consider solutions ? 
  i believe the ideal solution would be for those israelis who wish to remain in the currently illegal settlements to be able to do so , but as palestinian citizens rather than israeli citizens . 
  obviously israel would need to allow the creation of a viable palestinian state for this to happen , one that can issue citizenships and enforce its own internal security for all its citizens , but were this to happen jews could live in the wb without threatening the viability of the palestinian state . 
  of course we are a long way from such an agreement being able to be implemented at this point in time , especially with netanyahu 's extreme-right government holding sway , but hopefully the eu will enact its mooted plan to force both parties to the negotiating table or suffer swingeing sanctions , ideally with the support of the us and of course the un . 
  such international arbitration is clearly , imo , going to be necessary due to both sides current intransigence . 
  the sealion and ccb boats are replacements for rhibs and sdvs , not for ssns , costing in the region of $ 10m - scarcely more expensive than any ssn !, 
  are you talking about the zumwalt class ddgs perhaps ? 
  they are mentioned briefly at the end of the article , but the main focus is on boats used by nswc for seal delivery . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the syrians , egyptians , lebanese , saudis and jordanians attacked - the palestinians living in israel * did not * attack israelis , there was no palestinian armed forces ... 
  the palestinian army of the holy war had a strength of 1,308 - there were 1.2 m palestinians . 
  the zionist terrorist gangs irgun and the stern gang ( aka lehi ) had more members than that !,
