  furthermore you insist that they have to respect your cultural values within the context of a place and activity that is entirely within the purview of their very specific subculture because they :, 
   verge on making [ you ] who are n't part of the game or audience feel their lives and safety threatened, 
  seriously ? 
  i ftfy and changed `` people '' to `` you '' because clearly you are not speaking for anybody else - how could you be ? 
  if not involved in the game or audience the only people who could possibly be needing to change their underpants right now are people who read what they wanted into the article instead of actually reading it properly as the article clearly acknowledged that the intent of the chants was to insult the other team ( who self identify as jews ! ), 
  rather than provoke a pogrom . 
  the article also discussed london club tottenham hotspurs who also self identify as `` yids '' ( for which some fans have been arrested , demonstrating the strength of anti-anti-semitism laws in europe ) or , less controversially , jews due to their large jewish fanbase . 
  i would feel very confident saying the dutch team also still has a jewish following who managed to attend the game without feeling threatened by the chants , just as tottenham fans in london 100 % definitely do . 
  therefore the jews who * were actually there * would have understood the context of these chants and not felt threatened . 
  offended ? 
  perhaps - the chants * are * offensive to anybody who is n't involved with the game and is n't a dyed-in-the-wool anti-semite , extremely so even to some ( like you ) and that is both understandable and reasonable . 
  i find them offensive , but not disturbing as i know the context and there were no reports of jewish fans or jews near the stadium being attacked . 
  what i am saying about your comment though has very little to do with the chants , but rather your sense of exceptionalism whereby everybody else 's culture must be subsumed below yours and anything you find offensive is terrible despite your deliberate misreading of the context . 
  i 'm just asking you to consider displaying even a fraction of the cultural sensitivity and respect you demand to other cultures . 
  respect is a two-way-street and the more you give , the more you get back . 
  the way the article is written displays a very clear bias and effort to spin this into some kind of horror story . 
  are these fans rude and insensitive ? 
  certainly . 
  are they crypto-fascists in league with isis as the article posits ? 
  no , certainly not en masse and very few if any as individuals . 
  i 'm certain there would have been jewish fans in the crowd who felt no fear or oppression from the chants , but just accepted them for what they were . 
  i know for a fact that this is the case with tottenham hotspurs , the london team mentioned that has a large jewish following . 
  americans have very different social mores than europeans . 
  despite the levels of actual discrimination extant in american culture , political correctness is an american concept that many european people still find bewildering . 
  by your standards is n't the use of the word `` redskins '' actually casual racism in and of itself ? 
  fans may not chant `` we 're going to scalp you '' , but the implication is there just in the name !, 
  american football culture is inherently very different from european football fans culture and much less earnest for lack of a better word . 
  both countries ' fans are very partisan and very much fanatics for their teams , but europeans are better at not being offended by non-pc language as they interpret context differently . 
  in a wa , your determination to apply american cultural values to dutch people 's behaviour is similarly insensitive , if expressed in a more pc manner , to the dutch fan 's chants . 
  not everybody has to comply with your view of how things should be , especially as they are not actually hurting anybody . 
  actually people do say such things and manage to not get arrested until they try to link up with aq or isis . 
  the motive for any lawsuits is to further push and promote the israeli narrative in which europe is increasingly cesspool of violent anti-semitism to fuel both internal paranoia and international support as they continue on their merry way in palestine , syria , lebanon , libya and with iran , killing anybody they perceive as a threat . 
  in fact a recent survey of european police chiefs , who monitor criminal activity as their job , found there was no trend either upwards or downwards in the number of anti-semitic incidents in the uk , australia and mainland europe . 
  here 's a [ bbc article discussing that finding and proving that in uk , europe and australia there is no trend in anti-semitic incidents , up or down , despite lurid press coverage making claims that there is an increase ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-28853221 ) . 
  except perhaps australia . 
  we 're very open and accepting here too !, 
  where are you getting your australians are racist to south asians data from mate ? 
  the student attack stories ? 
  if so way to judge a whole country by the actions of a few idiots . 
  do you have source for your claims or are you just being blindly prejudicial against aussies ? 
  i have found in conversation - and on reddit - that americans are much more easily shocked by comments which in australia would raise nary an eyebrow in a `` but you ca n't * say that * '' kind of way . 
  obviously generalisations are unfair and you will find very pc europeans and very un-pc americans , but my experience has predominantly been as i stated above . 
  edit : here 's a source that clearly delineates the us origins of the [ political correctness ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_correctness ) !, 
  the first amendment may mean anybody can publish whatever views they hold , but culturally americans are much more averse to un-pc language and thoughts within normal conversation at least , deliberately offensive ramblings of wasted college students or rednecks aside ... 
  what are you trying to get a at here ? 
  pc refers to a use of language in such a manner that its power to convey meaning is eviscerated by pointless efforts to avoid offending anybody with the use of certain words . 
  it is considered to basically be bullshit , because all it does is make it unacceptable to * say * certain things without actually influencing the underlying reality of the situation under discussion : all it does is provide an anodyne veneer of `` sensitivity '' at the cost of obfuscating the truth and direct expression of anything controversial/potentially offensive . 
  it can be summed up as `` but you ca n't * say that * '' . 
  it is the inherent function of pc to replace plain language with weasel-words in any and all contexts that europeans find bewildering , not the concept of not offending people . 
  i do n't see how that is affected by somebody 's family history at all . 
  europeans are no more likely to harbour anti-semitic sentiment than americans , or any kind of bigotry for that matter . 
  in fact here is a [ times of israel article ranking top and least 10 anti-semitic countries in which uk and a number of european rate better than the usa ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/the-10-most-anti-semitic-countries/ ) . 
  the netherlands , sweden and the uk specifically all rank better than the usa in the times of israel 's opinion . 
  i 'm actually australian . 
  we 've never had any pogroms here or even any notable acts of anti-semitism despite there having been jewish australians since 1788 when whites first came here to colonise . 
  i think i addressed your comment , although i must admit i struggled to discern your meaning so if you would like further clarification on any of my points please do reply !, 
  lol , ok . can * you * provide a source please ? 
  even just describe what you meant . 
  i 'm in australia , being driven by my indian taxi driver mate ( who i use daily ) to get from my indian dentist to go to work ( for a very rare instance of working on a saturday in my software engineering role ) here i will collaborate with my indian colleague . 
  of those three indian australians the only one who cops any racist crap is the taxi driver . 
  it goes with the nature of the job - anybody who drives drunken idiots home after a night out will suffer verbal abuse of some kind . 
  the two professionals do n't have any such problems , nor do the vast majority of south asians living here . 
  there are in fact a great many south asian australians these days who all seem to be prospering and living well . 
  do racists exist here ? 
  of course they do - every population has its share of arseholes . 
  are south asians particular targets or worse off here than in the uk , europe or the usa ? 
  i - from my experiences and those of my many south asian friends , acquaintances and colleagues - would say certainly not . 
  so what is your source ? 
  not some trite , smartarse reply please , but an actual source ... 
  so you live right amongst some `` redskins '' do you ? 
  clearly you 've never been to europe . 
  post-colonial europe is * full * of the people * they 've * oppressed - england has a huge number of west indians and south asians , france has masses of algerians , moroccans and vietnamese , holland has indonesians and so on ... 
  however , to argue that is to fall into your trap of missing the point entirely - i was discussing being pc which is avoiding * saying * unpleasant things , not eliminating deep-rooted racial discrimination , which is considered as despicable in europe as it is in the most liberal of american circles . 
  european politics are , in general , significantly to the left of those in the states remember . 
  that 's not to deny racists exist everywhere and there is certainly a very extreme right-wing in europe too . 
  i 'm just differentiating between not acting pc and being a racist . 
  as for myself i live in australia where we live very closely with people from all the different cultures of the world , including aboriginal australians , the people * we * so cruelly oppressed . 
  we have racists here too of course , but despite that the majority of people get along just fine - and here a lot of non-racist people really dislike pc , considering it a dishonest , unnecessary obfuscation of meaning using weasel words ... 
  many australians are of european descent , although many are asian or african too and our culture is rooted in european culture , hence my understanding of their pov . 
  was that feeling then derived from hearing the chants , which surely you must have been cognisant of before the match , or the prevailing conditions in dutch society ? 
  in any case it 's horrible that you experienced that . 
  there is no excuse for its offensiveness and i 'm not trying to manufacture one . 
  personally i would never say that kind of thing to anybody . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's an element of that subculture which does n't originate from active anti-semitism from the majority of those shouting the chants . 
  to add to that india has been experiencing significant reliability issues with its su-30mkis and massive problems in the t-50 joint development program . 
  the fact that no technology transfer involved indicates that this is an urgent purchase to satisfy an immediate need , but the recent jane 's article about the su-30 reliability issues also mentioned how the indian brass have found dealing with western manufacturers a much better experience than with their russian counterparts . 
  i think the combination of all of those factors must line up to indicate that although this purchase is an immediate solution to an immediate need , the days of russian hegemony over indian air power are numbered , although i have no doubt they will continue to hedge their bets by buying from both russia and the west as best suits their needs . 
  if we 're going to delve into the history of far right groups and laws '60s america shows a far more pervasive degree of racism than '30s europe ... 
  the dangers of being a black youth in america and disparity in wealth between minorities and white america would indicate it 's still far from being the racism-free utopia you would have us believe in . 
  once again though we are going off track : i was discussing how political correctness is an inherently alien concept to europeans largely because it focusses on dissimulation and the appearance of equality rather than any genuine belief in the concept . 
  they do n't see the point , but that does n't mean they are vicious racists . 
  e : wrote germany instead of europe and fixed it . 
  [ holds up spork ], 
  read my edit - i realised my mistake and changed germany for europe , which is what i meant to write . 
  germany was not a good example . 
  pc is a method of * not * talking about `` it '' , whatever `` it '' may be . 
  try max hastings 's * all hell let loose - the world at war 1939-1945 * or anthony beevor 's * the second world war * for very complete , historical accounts of the conflict throughout its entirety across all fronts or , for a book with a broader focus on the entire 20th century and all its conflicts read * the war of the world : twentieth-century conflict and the descent of the west * by niall ferguson . 
  each is an excellent book that does not try to force feed you propaganda , although the ferguson book is slightly different in that it paints a socio-economic picture of the century as one continuous conflict rather than simply describing the events leading to , of and occurring immediately post-ww2 . 
  after all , it 's such an inherently humorous situation !, 
  sure , why not .
