   synonyms : movement , move , moving , shifting , shift , handover , relocation , repositioning , transplant , redirection , conveyance , transferral , transference , removal , change , changeover , switch , conversion, 
   `` he got a free transfer to a spanish team '', 
   british, 
   a small coloured picture or design on paper , which can be transferred to another surface by being pressed or heated . 
   `` t-shirts with iron-on transfers '', 
  hmm , no mention of coerced settlements . 
  in any case the coercion is n't about the poor settlers not voluntarily moving into disputed/occupied territory : it 's about the people displaced and whether their displacement to accommodate the settlers was voluntary ... 
  talking about other nations is a pure example of the logically fallacy i shall not name , but that we all know well from r/worldnews . 
  the world has changed since the backwardness you mention , but israel clings on . 
  this is the crux of the matter for myself and many others . 
  israel 's creation was as it was and of its time . 
  in '48 the expansion followed a serious effort to smother the young nation that luckily failed and i can respect those gains . 
  the '67 war is much more morally ambiguous , but it is the behaviour that has followed ever since during the occupation that truly offends one 's sense of morality . 
  it is that the same colonisation mindset exists today that seems grotesque and completely out of step with modern morality . 
  the police could have arrested him before the device went off and ... 
  this is a clear , unambiguous case of someone hoist by their own petard . 
  at least nobody else was injured by this idiot . 
  in australia we often shorten it to `` seppo '' too . 
  i love [ this bald eagle ( us ) vs wedgetail ( aus ) infographic ] ( http://i.stack.imgur.com/y3veu.jpg ) ... 
  if you find a decent sized dan murphy 's they will have a good selection of scotches . 
  my local one has a great selection . 
  any of the bottles recommended thus far will be available there . 
  they are pretty good value too , a glenfiddich 14yo would be less than $ 95 there . 
  for $ 160 aud you can get a glengoyne 18 there which is a lovely bottle , but for $ 150 you 'll be spoiled for choice . 
  for $ 145 aud you could try the [ nant homestead ] ( https://www.danmurphys.com.au/product/dm_862058/nant-homestead-reserve-single-malt-whisky-500ml ) . 
  it 's only 500ml instead of 700ml , but is a great australian whisky . 
  there are heaps of dan murphy 's in melbourne - just look at their store locator on the website . 
  ca n't be too far to the closest one . 
  they also deliver if you ca n't get to them . 
  otherwise google the name of the whisky you want and melbourne . 
  you may have to travel a little bit , but i can assure you - thanks to the bottles i know my mate in melbourne buys - that you 'll find pretty much whatever you want somewhere . 
  local bottleos are expensive and have a limited range generally . 
  you need to either go to a big booze barn like dm 's or find a spirit specialist . 
  edit : i am not defending these attackers , nor saying they should not be punished and dealt with appropriately people , just that killing them every time basically plays into their hands meaning they achieve a part of their goal even if they do not cause any injury . 
  with that in mind please read on :, 
  surely a full-grown , heavily armed man could have restrained a 13yo schoolgirl without needing to kill her ? 
  why must all of these attackers die ? 
  so few of them actually cause any injury , yet even fewer survive the attempt . 
  of course they have placed themselves in the position that leads to their death , but - especially given that their deaths clearly do not work as a deterrent to others - is it necessary to kill them in every single case ? 
  before anyone asks , i am not saying these people are innocent , let alone that they should not face punishment for their crimes . 
  i just feel that a ) denying them martyrdom is probably smarter in terms of dissuading others ( there is less glory in rotting in prison like any other common criminal than dying as a venerated martyr ) & b ) disarming and arresting them would serve to highlight israel 's response as one of humanity in the face of barbarism , rather than giving an impression of equal savagery in the eyes of israel 's critics ( eg sweden 's calls for an investigation into extra-judicial killings ) ... 
  and a brutal occupation by a colonial-era throwback nation ... 
  edit : this currently only applies to palestine , not the broader arab world . 
  i can 100 % understand your point , but surely if they had a bomb they would not need to draw someone in by threatening them with a knife , but could just pick a crowd of people and detonate the device ? 
  obviously there are difficult security issues and civilian safety must come first , but as i say above , perhaps `` martyring '' these people is not the best way of dealing with them ? 
  in this case the girl argued with her parents and ran out of the house saying she wanted to be dead . 
  tbh this sounds like a teenage temper tantrum , warped by exposure to extremist ideology and the cult of the martyr . 
  if the drudgery of lengthy imprisonment was as likely an outcome as a `` glorious '' death , at least some of these `` martyrs '' would be less inclined sacrifice themselves . 
  forgetting about oil , what about all the nazi scientists they picked up post-wwii ? 
  this latest land grab is yet another thumbing of israel 's nose at international law and the international community . 
  it is entirely consistent with netanyahu 's game of running harassment on peace negotiations or legal proceedings as they whittle away not only at the territory , but the viability of a palestinian state . 
  it is a very cynical , almost sociopathic game that netanyahu plays , but diplomatic actions on the part of the un and legal rulings on the part of the icj as mentioned in the article are now being joined by the motion currently before the icc and set to be acted upon examining idf war crimes , the eu 's slowly hardening line on the settlements and the recent open criticism from high us officials . 
  as the pressure grows hopefully the israeli people will free themselves of netanyahu and his gang of thuggish cronies ( ayelet shaked , ofir akunis , moshe ya'alon , etc , etc. . . ) with their agenda of perpetual war . 
  the most frightening fact from the article must be this line :, 
   the israeli defence force is increasingly becoming a religious army . 
  its ideological makeup may very soon make it incapable of enforcing the evacuation of 100,000 israeli settlers required to leave the west bank to enable a two-state solution . 
  the worst possible development i can imagine for israel 's future is the growth of `` hilltop youth '' type fanatic fundamentalists . 
  they are the ones who want a jewish king . 
  not the modern , democratic , secular israel as it is today , as it has always been , but a theocracy . 
  if indeed the idf * is * becoming a religious army that is a dangerous step in that direction . 
  this thorough and well balanced article covers not only the most recent violation of article 49 of geneva iv , but puts it into the context of israel 's other abuses of the treaty . 
  and in proportion of population terms too - for example pakistan is 20 % of population whereas india is 50 % !, 
  ~ ~ there is also a high rate of open defecation in kerala , despite higher pay there . ~ ~, 
  it turns out i was wrong about this as u/vishnumad 's post provides evidence to demonstrate . 
  i had misremembered something i thought i had read previously about kerala ; however , when i double checked i could not find the source and so it would seem that kerala does not suffer a bad rate of open defecation . 
  this year has already been host to more open criticism from key diplomatic figures of the israeli regime than many other entire years past . 
  whilst i am not optimistic that netanyahu has any capacity for self-reflection nor the concomitant ability to change his ideology of oppression and hatred , the real hope is that everyday , normal israelis will listen to the world and realise that such criticism is * not * driven by hatred of jews ( in most cases - of course the vicious anti-semites * do * exist , it 's just that most support for peace is not driven by the hate-mongering bigots of either side ) , but rather a desire to see an end to the violence and suffering endured by both israelis and palestinians , then consider the current regime 's actions and decide to oust netanyahu and the likud-led coalition from power asap . 
  what amazes me is that in the midst of the eu 's slowly increasing pressure on the settlements , un pressure , us diplomatic pressure , the ongoing violent resistance and other international criticism this year the israeli regime decides not to moderate their behaviour , but double-down on both the building of more homes in existing illegal settlements and the effective annexation of more land !, 
  such behaviour goes beyond provocative and clearly demonstrates netanyahu 's utter disdain for the international community , let alone the fundamental human rights of the palestinian people . 
  his response to moon 's latest commentary is , of course , the standard `` they 're all anti-semites '' shibboleth we have all come to know and loathe from netanyahu . 
  whilst he and his criminal gang are in power the chances of any good faith effort towards a peaceful resolution , let alone a palestinian state , seem very , very remote indeed . 
  a tragedy for not just the palestinians , but also the innocent israeli civilians who are also dying as a result of his intransigence too . 
  as it appears i was somewhere misinformed i apologise to kerala . 
  i was certain that last time there was a story about this issue i had read open defecation was still a major problem in kerala despite the relatively lower levels of poverty ; however , i can not find that in either the comments or the op in question so - as unlikely as it seems - i may in fact be wrong . 
   what amazes me is that while israelis build homes , you blame them for the lack of peace as palestinians stab jews based on a genocidal ideology . 
  the thing is , it 's * where * they build these homes that is causing the conflict - as the israeli regime and the illegal settlers are both well aware . 
  were netanyahu remotely interested in ending the violence and suffering endured by both israelis and palestinians alike he would not keep funneling more and more illegally settled israelis into the occupied territories . 
  yes , both sides need to make concessions , but letting more families establish themselves within existing illegal settlements and especially allocating yet more land for use by the settlers is a highly provocative move that will obviously lead to more outrage from the palestinians . 
  instead of trying to calm things down it very much appears the government 's goal is to ratchet the violence up another notch . 
  i most certainly do not support attacks on israeli civilians ( as i even actually state in the very comment you replied to ! ), 
  any more than i support attacks upon palestinian civilians by either the idf or the settlers . 
  again , your comment does not make much sense , but i will do my best to answer my interpretation of what you are trying to say . 
   settlements that came after the terrorism by palestinians did not cause the terrorism . 
  you seem to believe that `` the terrorism '' is a singular event that is not contributed to by a broad range of factors including israeli behaviour . 
  the fact is that every terrorist is motivated by their own experiences and ideology . 
  whilst attacks that occurred before any given illegal settlement was established obviously can not be attributed to * that * settlement , any attacks that occur subsequent to said settlement 's establishment were most likely at least influenced by it - either specifically or more generally due to its existence in the complete set of illegal settlements and the oppression that accompanies the presence of settlers in the occupied territories . 
  attempting to claim that the ongoing colonisation of the wb does not drive terrorism is ludicrous and i can not believe that you genuinely consider terrorism and illegal settlement to be unrelated . 
  either you are trolling , are a completely brainwashed fundamentalist ideologue ( in the same vein as the muslims you criticise so vociferously ) or you are cynically deliberately ignoring reality as you try to score some kind of utterly ineffectual propaganda goal that makes sense to you and you alone . 
   you say you do n't support the terror here , but your statements elsewhere prove otherwise . 
  i 'd be interested to see an example where i `` support '' terrorism !, 
  i constantly criticise hamas and random attacks against civilians . 
  true , i do not follow your lead in labelling all resistance with the pejorative slur of terrorism as you do ; however , in this my view is supported by international law and opinion whereas yours only by the opinion of the israeli courts . 
  whilst there is no justification for random attacks against innocent civilians , geneva iv does legally sanction resistance to occupation . 
  thus attacks against idf forces within the wb are entirely legal , as is self-defence against settler violence ( a daily occurrence - many settlers are violent , twisted fundamentalists ) . 
   every terrorist chooses terrorism not because of occupation , but because of anti-semitic indoctrination . 
  only in your nasty little world of bigotry and hatred . 
   the claim that palestinian terrorism results from israel building homes or defending itself is like claiming that the holocaust came about because of jewish resistance to being murdered by nazis . 
  it makes no sense . 
  the holocaust caused jewish resistance , not the other way around , and palestinian terrorism caused the occupation , not the other way around . 
  what makes no sense is this paragraph .
