   `` popeye turbo slcm '' missile system exists on the vessels , and the israeli defense company rafael advanced defense systems developed the popeye system . 
  the submarines can carry cruise missiles that reach a destination of 1500 km, 
  source : http://www.jpost.com/international/israeli-subs-can-carry-nuclear-weapons, 
  alternative source : http://fas.org/nuke/guide/israel/missile/popeye-t.htm, 
  aggregate source : http://www.submarines.dotan.net/press/, 
  is that enough sources , from enough different , all reliable publications ? 
   do you have any evidence of that ? 
   so just claims without evidence , your personal hallmark . 
  i have always supplied sources for my claims where they are facts , not my own opinion and analysis ( which obviously i , like everyone else , have a right to express ) . 
  otoh all of your replies are simply `` nuh-uh , you 're a liar '' . 
  please could you provide sources for * your * assertions ? 
  until then i sha n't bother to respond to any more of your comments as they are simply unsubstantiated personal attacks that add nothing to the conversation . 
  i said i was n't going to reply to you anymore without you providing sources , but this comment really needs to be addressed . 
  if the idf bombed iran then iran would respond with its conventional ballistic missiles against targets in israel . 
  israel would thus have started a war , the end result of which would probably be a nuclear attack on tehran , shiraz or another major iranian city . 
  or do you think iran would not defend itself from an israeli attack ? 
  maybe you think they do n't have any right to self-defence , or that if they did defend themselves and get nuked for daring to do so it would be their own fault , not israel 's for attacking in the first place ? 
   norman finkelstein compares israel to the nazis and then garners support for that bullshit statement by providing his background as a second generation holocaust survivor . 
  he is a disgusting human being and a joke of an academic . 
   on the six day war ... ya that theory really makes sense . 
  a fledgling state just trying to get going wants to wage war against egypt because ... why ? 
  egypt mobilized its forces in preparation of an attack , and after they got fucked up due to a strategic preemptive attack , they told jordan and syria they had won the battle and induced them to attack . 
  that isnt the argument countries typically go with if they dont have ambitions of war . 
  it also makes no sense as a land grab argument since israel gave the entirety of the sinai back and gaza . 
  i explained why . 
  territorial aggression makes perfect sense : israel * still * occupies the golan heights , wb and gaza . 
  they only gave the sinai back after nearly losing yom kippur and having some of their overweening arrogance knocked out of them in conjunction with international pressure . 
   as to the yom kippur war ... first off , its absurdly inhumane to launch a surprise attack on a nation on a day when all of its people are fasting and not using technology . 
  so israel 's surprise attack in '67 was smart and justified , but the arabs ' unforgivably underhand ? 
   secondly , you really think egypt , jordan , syria etc would have stopped had they actually been able to beat israel in 73 ? 
  what a joke . 
  source please . 
   your whole basis for your argument is that the jews were less entitled to land than palestinians in 1948 . 
  the thing is it was palestine , occupied by palestinians . 
  i actually do think that gives them rights to the land they had occupied contiguously for millennia . 
  crazy , huh ? 
   despite the fact that there has never been a nation called palestine , and the people living on the land pre 48 ( and likely pre 67 ) would have referred to themselves as south syrian or egyptian or jordanian ... anything but palestinian . 
  this is a patent lie propagated by israel . 
  the palestinians had long been a people ; just because they had been under the yoke of colonial oppressors does n't mean when the old ones left new ones magically had the right to carry on where they left off . 
   and yet , you dont call for those countries to give up any land for the creation of a palestinian state ... nor do you call for them to provide a right of return . 
  i discussed nothing to do with any of this . 
  please do n't put words in my mouth . 
   so once the jews were given a nation , that was it . 
  so under that premise , the only thing that will make you completely satisfied now is a one state solution which would inevitably be controlled by palestinians . 
  i have repeatedly asserted my support for israel 's right to existence and self-determination in many comments , throughout many threads . 
  again please do n't put words in my mouth . 
   all in all , you try and act neutral or objective but you are far from it . 
  every facet of this conflict you look at through the lense of an arab . 
  one who couldnt accept jews as a neighbor in 48 , and cant accept them today . 
  i am 100 % anglo and merely look through the lense of what are mainstream opinions outside israel based on my own research and critical thinking . 
   the fact that you think an innovative technology rich nation like israel wants to spend half its budget on the military and wants to have a mandatory draft is absurd . 
  the only reason for such extreme measures are when you face an enemy that wont quit and seeks your outright destruction , as is stated in the hamas charter . 
  allow a political settlement then see what happens . 
  you are talking in pure conjecture . 
  no arab nation has attacked israel for over 40 years ; the occupation of the wb is the cause of ongoing unrest so why not resolve that ? 
   but ya . . go on ahead supporting the ` martyrs ' who are fighting a just cause in an attempt to liberate their people . 
  because stabbing random civilians and shooting rockets aimlessly at civilians is such an effective method of peace and sovereignty . 
  i do n't support terrorists . 
  at all . 
  i do n't justify attacks on civilians full stop , no matter which side they 're from . 
  again , please do n't put words in my mouth . 
  you failed to address anything about the '53 or '82 invasions of egypt and lebanon respectively . 
  why ? 
  too hard to squeeze into your narrative ? 
  if you are ready to discuss this rationally instead of flinging wild accusations and assumptions around and stop putting words in my mouth i will reply ; otherwise this conversation is pointless . 
  edit : i notice you also failed to address the points around zionist terrorism . 
  again , is there any reason why you did n't ? 
   palestinians are not capable of rational self-governance until they demonstrate such . 
  wow . 
  now * that 's * racism !, 
  hamas are unsupportable and must be removed , i quite agree . 
  i also acknowledge this is not a simple issue ; however , i can not see that not engaging politically and continuing the palestinians ' oppression helps find an answer . 
  again i remind you that zionist terrorism stopped once the political goals were met . 
  palestinians are people , just as israelis are . 
  it is incredibly racist to state that they will simply attack like wild beasts , no matter what , because arabs . 
   hamas is the most popular palestinian group, 
  source ? 
  fatah has long acknowledged israel 's right to exist . 
  hamas certainly can not be dealt with or trusted ; however , i do feel refusing to talk and doing nothing except carry on with business as usual in the occupied territories is not a course of action that will yield positive results . 
  as einstein famously put it :, 
   insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  whilst his support for children by way of providing assistance to young mothers is laudable , in this case he really should have just taken care of his own kid . 
  so what your saying is that this report about iran 's ( non-nuclear ) missiles having something about israel on them should be believed , despite its lack of detail , supporting evidence or international reaction ; however , the sources about israel ca n't be trusted - even the israeli one ( though of course that one was the best ! ), 
  - despite international commentary , knowledge and acknowledgement of every element of the system and a great deal of detail ? 
  as for :, 
   truth is not determined by who screams the loudest . 
  coming from such a vocal member of the pro-israeli lobby this is too priceless , especially in * this * thread about * this * article !, 
  i 'm not even saying israel 's doing anything wrong , just that they possess and test weapons too , just like iran . 
  i am certainly not saying ;, 
   israel is an evil force that needs to be stopped, 
  again the irony of you claiming this in * this * thread is astounding , as that is precisely your argument about iran . 
  are you * really * that lacking in self-consciousness that you ca n't see how ridiculous and hypocritical your argument is : in context it really does n't amount to anything more than you saying `` i 'm right and you 're wrong '' . 
  finally , heaping irony upon irony , in all your comments you have still yet to provide a single source supporting your position . 
  not one , despite demanding the same from me . 
  you really do believe it 's one rule for you and another for anyone else , do n't you ? 
  no wonder you 're so comfortable with apartheid in the west bank ... 
  if there was a breach why has there been no international reaction , even from israel ? 
  netanyahu never shuts his trap about anything . 
  the man is entirely verbally incontinent yet he 's chosen not to speak about this , while joe biden 's in the country ... 
  my position is that * this * story is not backed evidence .
