   the hundreds of syrians that get free healthcare ? 
  yeah , i have brought [ that ] ( http://www.jpost.com/middle-east/report-israel-treating-al-qaida-fighters-wounded-in-syria-civil-war-393862 ) up numerous times only to get bulk downvotes . 
  could be part of why it 's not being discussed here . 
  oh yeah , and the fact that bringing that up is whataboutism when the subject id the child being reported on in the article . 
  how convenient it turned up in israeli archives !, 
  if it had been a real gun i doubt there would have been a problem . . 
  snot block is a custard slice , yep . 
  never get called `` lurch '' ? 
  if you came to australia you would be , probably by the border security guy on arrival . . 
  royal commission , from which the sda was conveniently exempted found this practice was effectively the australian union movement 's standard mo :, 
   the commission made the recommendation after uncovering payments between the australian workers union and major companies including thiess-john holland and cleanevent during enterprise bargaining . 
   in the case of cleanevent , the company paid the awu victoria branch $ 25,000 a year in return for maintaining a workchoices-era agreement that did not pay penalty rates , saving the company an estimated $ 2 million . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.afr.com/news/policy/industrial-relations/turnbull-government-to-criminalise-payments-between-unions-and-employers-20170319-gv1roe ), 
  given the shitty deals sda members get there can be no room for doubt that they operate in this manner too . 
  drink 18yo scotch instead of 21yo - saves a hundred bucks on heaps of bottles . 
  saving itself money ? 
  since when has generating revenue ( however it is done ) the same as spending less ( the regular interpretation of `` saving money '' ) ? 
  i do n't think the libs are any better tbqh ; i do n't like or trust either party and quite agree with the thrust of your comment . 
  there may have been some substance behind the stories labor pushed , but the stories themselves were full of lies in their specifics . 
  i think stopping fake news is a great goal , but - and given the examples we have both provided i think it 's an interesting question - was questioning why dastyari is opening this can of worms ? 
  surely it 's a minefield for both parties , so what 's the real goal ? 
  why is it worth the risk ? 
  my parents . 
  mum used to do things like buy me * the lion , the witch and the wardrobe * series one at a time , getting the next as i finished each . 
  you know where all the p&d members migrated to when the union was disbanded under hawke , do n't you ? 
  they and the cfmeu may have bullied some short-term gains for their members , but it has been at the expense of everyone who is n't a member . 
  seriously , fuck the mua . 
  i also happen to know first hand that mua members are up to their eyeballs in serious criminal activity to this day , carrying on the fine traditions of the p&d . hence thuggery . 
  the mua are literally gangsters as i explained , and if you come to wa you will see the harm they do . 
  my job is a software architect designing automation systems for operating railways remotely - the aim is to get rid of the workers on mine railways . 
  and why do companies want to reduce labour force ? 
  cost , which is artificially inflated by the unions . 
  the same thing happens in all kinds of industries ; why did a car cost twice as much to build in australia as it did in germany , or four times as much as it did in asia ? 
  unions . 
  the unions are an aggressive and aggravating factor in and of themselves . 
  so when projects overseas get chosen does that help members , or the rest of us , long term ? 
  just as people say trickle down does n't work , making sure there is fuck all to trickle down is worse . 
  i think we need to dismiss them both . 
  the unions are problematic outside of the framework of alp vs lnp though . 
  first and foremost they keep being caught acting corruptly - the past is relevant only in that it proves this not only is , but always has been and therefore probably an inherently endemic feature of australian unionism . 
  the negative effect they have on investment in australia is perhaps of greater significance to everyday , non-union , aussies and this probably worse overall , but the it is the corruption one simply ca n't ignore . 
  i told you why gangsters in my first reply - i personally know first hand of mua members ' involvement in criminal activity , plus the p&d membership transfer . 
  i also explained the harm they do - forcing jobs offshore with their unreasonable demands . 
  if you choose `` not be able to understand '' then it 's on you , not me . 
  clearly you can parse english as you can write it . . 
  did n't quite get it right . . 
  you mean deliberately misrepresented the situation i think , right ? 
  or do you mean is incapable of accurately assessing information ? 
  in either case how is she the right person to be judge of which laws it 's ok for her to break ? 
  who is this person who happily spouts patent falsehoods to decide when and what that greater good applies ? 
  she means when it suits her agenda . 
  did she call you up and sob down the phone to you she had made a terrible mistake ? 
  well then , how do you know not deliberate ? 
  in any case is the inability to sort truth from lies not perhaps worse in someone who has committed to `` break unjust laws '' ? 
  ha ha , it is still early here in wa - i do need another cup tbqh . 
  they have a turret from hmas brisbane like this ( same design , just aft rather than fore as seen here ) on display at the australian war memorial in canberra , with the bridge superstructure mounted behind it . 
  from outside the museum you see the turret and exterior , then inside you see the bridge with video of footage taken from the bridge off vn while the ship was performing plane guard duty for a usn playing on the `` windows '' ( actually screens in the frames of course . . ), 
  [ here is what they have to say about the mount , which is interesting wrt the number of shells expended ] ( https://www.awm.gov.au/atwar/hmas_brisbane.asp ) ( link includes pic ) :, 
   this gun mount was the aft mount ( mount 52 ) on the ship . 
  the ammunition feed system for the single 5-inch gun was almost entirely automated and this meant that it could achieve a continuous firing rate equal to what an expert crew could manage over short bursts using two gun mounts . 
  the starboard `` bubble '' dome , or `` frog-eye '' , has been removed . 
  this dome was normally used for anti-aircraft fire control within the mount ( the retained port dome being used for local surface control ) , but this was not needed here because of the use of the tartar anti-aircraft missile system on these australian ships . 
  edit : spelling, 
  well some of us like having a job despite not being beholden to a union , yes . 
  i hope they do so too . 
  they should already be applauded and encouraged for the stories they have already published , such as this one . 
  it is important to take all prescription medication as instructed . 
  feeling better does not mean you * are * better . 
  what is your problem with people having jobs in this country ? 
  do you have any proof of your allegations ? 
  i have also added some extra plants into the empty spots . 
  the tower is an [ aerospring garden ] ( https://www.aerospringgardens.com ) , from singapore ( though i am in perth , wa ) . 
  this is my first foray into aeroponics , and i could n't be more pleased . 
  the system is very well designed and manufactured , requiring only very basic maintenance to keep it going . 
  the water and nutrients are simply flushed and replaced monthly , which is what i needed for my balcony as it has no outside water . 
  this allows me to just fill it from my tap inside by wheeling it in and out following the flushing . 
  the tub holds 75 litres of water . 
  it requires an electricity outlet within 5 metres , which by balcony * does * have to run the low wattage pump . 
  the pump is on a timer , and stays on for 15mins , then off for 15mins , on for 15mins , etc. 
  at the moment i have it on 15mins on/off 24hrs while the roots take hold , but plan to have longer off periods at night once the plants are more established . 
  it can also be left for up to a month without harm coming to the plants , which is very important for me as i travel reasonably often and required something which could survive my trips . 
  ( that said , for longer trips i will still give my mate my apartment keys for longer trips , eg  2 weeks , to test ph/nutrient levels/for bugs and so on . ), 
  currently i have two types of tomato , two types of chilli pepper , cucumber , chives , lettuce , three types of basil , sage , coriander , two types of parsley , two types of mint and thyme in the tower , but i do plan to experiment with that mix as see what goes best and what i use most of . 
  the cucumber and tomato i plan to grow onto trellises on the wall as big vines . 
  i have a little cloning set up too to be able to take cuttings and clone them , both for my own use and to share . 
  i am an absolute novice at this , so it is quite exciting for me !, 
  i have wanted to grow my own produce for some time , but needed a system such as this ; however , it is also a hobby for me and i look forward to learning more both from reading/talking to people and experience . 
  edit : my mate and i are also planning to integrate sensors managed via an arduino/raspberry pi for remote observations and testing . 
  we are both software devs , so this is just another hobby aspect for us . 
  if anyone has any tips or information that may be useful please do share - i posted this to say `` hi '' and hopefully get ideas from people who are more knowledgeable/experienced than i am currently . 
  hi , i am just starting getting into aeroponics and have set up a system outside on my balcony , where it is going great guns ( so far at least ! ) . 
  i actually just posted about it here : https://www.reddit.com/r/aeroponics/comments/62iagj/i_set_up_an_aeroponics_tower_on_my_balcony_last/, 
  the system i have set up is from singapore , where hundreds of people have this system ( and other , similar , systems ) on their balconies . 
  it is designed for the harsh ( on plastics and in terms of heat ) tropical singapore environment , but the guy who designs and manufactures them thinks they will do just as well , if not better , where i am in perth , western australia . 
  we have a temperate mediterranean climate here , much like southern california for reference . 
  we get pretty hot here ( up to 45c in summer ) as does singas , so i think you should be right . 
  i am a real novice , but the guy who designs my system designed it for the environment in singas , as mentioned above and the systems are doing very well there . 
  he actually came to set mine up though , and thinks i should do well . 
  my place faces due west , so i get direct sunlight for 1/2 the day , which he says is ideal . 
  mate , really ?
