  ( us politics for scale . . ), 
  of course a nation beset by conflict is going to seek strong leadership ; that is a very natural human behaviour . 
  personally i am somewhat sceptical that netanyahu 's interests and those of the nation * are * necessarily quite as aligned as you feel they are though ( no matter what his * intentions * ) , as i watch his actions and see much that certainly appears self-defeating , especially if one looks past his own stated objectives and short-term goals . 
  i very much hope liberals such as you gain the upper hand politically in israel soon . 
  i know the sda are particularly egregious offenders , but surely even the most staunch pro-unionist must surely understand at least in part the reservations people such as me hold wrt unionism when reading stories such as this ? 
  the betrayal of the members is without a doubt the most offensive aspect of the sda 's actions here , but as the coles-worker complainant herself discusses , these actions also create an unfair competitive environment for other businesses , which harms us all . 
  a few months to a couple of years ? 
  this is one of * the * most stupid comments i have read in this sub . 
  participation awards . 
  nobody * made * you accept them , you could have said no . 
  shh , do n't make them * think about anyone else * , that 's not their thing . 
  plus they need outrage to survive it seems , much as we need food , water and air . 
  of course , and i would think ( and certainly hope ) genuine pro-unionists are intrinsically opposed to corruption !, 
  that was not really my point , i did just mean what i wrote : that surely situations like this must give those who are pro-union some glimmer of insight into other , non-reflexively pro-unionist , people 's ( eg me ) reservations about unionism , or at least aspects of the movement . 
  note i said reservations ; i do n't mean intractable opposition , as that does not describe my own views/position . 
  do you have a source for that assertion ? 
  ha ha , yeah - bizarre , is n't it ? 
  it 's great to hear people still adhering to the ethos and principles of unionism , particularly wrt placing the members ' interests first . 
  that is how things ought to be , and imo definitely the most disappointing aspect of the union corruption we see is the abrogation of that responsibility in favour of self-interest , for which the sda are perverse poster-boys . 
  obviously not all unions are as bad , but it is clearly an issue those involved in the movement must remain aware of to guard against . 
  ( which your comment leads me to believe you personally are/do ! ), 
  unionism definitely has bestowed great boons upon us all as workers , whether we are union members or not . 
  i do n't think that is even open to debate tbh , it is an historical fact . 
  normal practice can still be corruption though , morally at least even if technically legal . . 
  yep , too late for you now though - your only hope is a reeducation camp . . 
  should push for them to get funded in the next budget mate , give you a fighting chance at life . 
  just because you personally dislike the pearls of wisdom i impart does n't mean i am a `` bloody troll '' , nor does it give you the right to try to shut down discussion just because it does n't fit your rigid views . 
  people * are * allowed to hold opinions at variance with your own you know ? 
  despite what your sense of entitlement tells you , nobody else is obliged to surround you with only ideas you are uncomfortable with . . 
  i 'm honestly appalled at your arrogant rudeness and repressive attitude , which actually reinforces the validity of my original post . 
  you need to learn some manners at the very least . 
  google `` joke '' - it 's this thing normal people do , which you will most probably never like , but might at least recognise in the future . 
  reeducation camps have been employed many times and are very serious . 
  again google it , you will find many examples . 
  now , given your complete lack of understanding of these ( widely known ) concepts are you entirely certain you could n't do with a little more education ? 
  if you were better educated you could maybe even converse without needing to refer to memes for a start . . 
  what 's the point ? 
  you will just keep getting self-righteous and aggro in your confusion . . 
  thanks all the same , but i do n't actually have any `` fake grievances '' . 
  if i pick any up i 'll get back to you though - i do often see amusing ones in this sub . . 
  are they good ? 
  i have never indulged . . 
  the sda is a union , and part of the union movement landscape , is it not ? 
  is this some kind of `` no true unionist '' thing ? 
  i suppose * i * am a `` union basher '' too ? 
  i mean i do n't lick union boots after all , have dared acknowledge there are issues with corruption in unions and even said i think corruption is bad . 
  if you keep saying something it soon loses its meaning . 
  if i am a union basher then there are very few people around who are n't . . 
  you realise `` no true scotsman '' is a classic * fallacy * , do n't you ? 
  exactly as saying the sda is n't entirely representative of australian unionism is . . 
   the necropolis , which is eight metres ( yards ), 
  is that for real ? 
  does * anyone * really not know what a metre is ? 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  exactly what i was going to point out - it is literally the idf 's orders to respond to rocks * thrown by non - ( jewish ) israelis * with rifle fire . . 
  edit : added the all important qualification for such `` shoot to kill '' orders . 
  ha ha . 
  you do realise the cfmeu are pretty much the * definition * of a `` thug union '' ( although i must say i do feel that particular term is a tad tautologous . . ) , do n't you ? 
  i * do * hope you did n't make baseless , paranoid accusations against that person who dared discuss cfmeu matters without fawning , it really is n't very nice . 
  that 's a relief !, 
  tbqh , when you mentioned that i was very concerned some poor bugger was `` cruising for a bruising '' ( if that 's the correct , union approved , parlance ? 
  ) , as is cfmeu tradition . 
  banana benders think * everywhere * is qld , and become quite aggressive if they feel challenged , so be careful what you say mate . 
  dear god , poor people are * dreadful * , are n't they ? 
  shorten 's response :, 
   no , i want to play politics, 
  so , according to your logic , people who do n't earn as much as some others should get a free ride , while those who do earn enough to contribute more than their ( proportional ) share to society should be punished , right ? 
  despite almost everyone who is earning a full time wage being ipso facto in a better position than those to be helped by ndis , despite the ndis being there for them if they should ever need it . . 
  i love how so many here stated opinions along the lines of :, 
   the libs are evil for not implementing gillard 's great legacy , the ndis, 
  yet once it is to be implemented the refrain changes to :, 
   what i said before , but only if * i * do n't have to pay for it, 
  i should have learned the way this goes by now , and learned to disregard this sickening hypocrisy . 
  or at least not be surprised by it . . 
  so you agree everyone should pay their share , or not ? 
  ftr , i too sit in a  $ 87k bracket and am more than happy to pay the increase , believing the good to society is more significant than the loss to me personally . 
  i do n't dispute $ 10 means less to me than someone who earns < 1/2 my salary , but still that 's the social contract : we all pay tax , we may all access government services . 
  i still gaf about the $ 25 i lose , it 's just i believe the ndis is worth it . 
  if people do n't share that belief then fine , that 's for their conscience , but the least they could do is stop demanding the money ( money they are n't willing to contribute to themselves . . ) be spent and stop pretending they are somehow morally superior because they are n't willing to pull their own weight . 
  that was n't what you said though . 
  what you said was that people earning less should n't have to pay as much , even proportionally . 
  nowhere in your op did you discuss and endorse shorten 's game of trying to score political points by framing this against company tax as your second comment does . 
  as i said , ndis has been painted as `` gillard 's great legacy '' , yet here we see labor immediately willing to throw it - and those in need of it , whose lives are , i am quite sure , more difficult than your own - under the bus by dragging in another issue rather than allow a libs measure to pass . 
  to my mind this is whataboutery : `` but what about those evil corporations '' . 
  so when you said it was n't fair in your eyes that did n't mean you did n't want the scheme funded with contributions from everyone , did n't care it was `` unfair '' - you were `` jus ' sayin ' '' ? 
  *** i *** did n't frame this in terms of the alp 's shifting stance ; that is literally the core point of the article . . 
  so , were you commenting about the article and stating what you believe should happen , or `` jus ' sayin ' '' generally , apropos of nothing ? 
  hmm , i wonder too . 
  could it be he 's cynically playing politics with the lives of the disabled , using whataboutery to try to exacerbate divisions in society rather than let the government actually govern ? 
  gee , i had n't thought of it in those terms . 
  i tell you what - why do n't you go to your local quadriplegics ' home and explain that their demands for support and assistance are interfering with your ability to enjoy life ? 
  they should understand , i mean you 're young , healthy and have * endured * those years of uni which we , the australian tax payers , covered for you so you could have a good life , so how is it fair * you * should go without those extra $ $ $ every week just so they can moulder in slightly less awful circumstances ? 
  ffs their lives are shit anyway !, 
  the whole concept of * you * having to pay back into the system is fucked up , right ? 
  thanks for opening my eyes mate . . 
   why should i have to be considerably worse off in my paycheque, 
  exactly !, 
  btw , i will miss the money coming out of my paycheque every month too , but unlike you i will deal with it , without resenting my contribution . 
  perhaps they know how to use apostrophes ? 
  remember all devs solve problems more quickly and derive much , much better solutions by thinking more by typing - planning out what you intend to do before bashing the keyboard , instead of typing until it `` works '' will save considerable time and effort later for all other than the most trivial of tasks .
