  more like israel responds with 2000lb jdams aimed at hospitals and schools ... 
  at first i thought you were joking , but then i realised it was actually just another completely disproportionate israeli response ... 
  read [ here about what a bottle rocket is ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bottle_rocket ) . 
  op was making a joke coz , you know , it 's a coca-cola factory and typically coke is sold in ... * bottles * !, 
  and while you 're at it why do n't you have some compassion . 
  israel 's collective punishment and retaliatory air strikes have killed literally * thousands * of innocent , non-hamas palestinian men , women and children who do n't even get air-raid warnings or have shelters to cower in . 
  i bet that 's pretty terrifying too ... 
  op was making a joke because it 's a coke factory . 
  he was * literally * talking about bottle rockets because coca-cola is a beverage ( drink ) that is sold in bottles . 
  it was n't even me making a joke . 
  i have plenty of compassion for anybody living under a threat to their lives ; however , i feel strongly that the israeli defence force 's retaliations to the rockets you are so passionate about are disproportionately violent . 
  the idf is not the innocent israeli victims nor are the dead palestinian children members of hamas . 
  will you admit the truth of that statement ? 
  i just expressed my compassion , which you refuse to do despite your self-righteous ranting . 
  your rants are n't even logically consistent . 
  first you accuse me of making a joke about something serious then being serious about a joke . 
  which is it ? 
  i have differentiated between innocent victims - eg palestinian children , israeli civilians cowering in shelters - for whom i most certainly , as previously stated , have a great deal of compassion and violent aggressors who perpetuate the conflict - idf and hamas - for whom i have absolutely no sympathy whatsoever ... 
  you on the other hand seem to have no compassion for * any * palestinian and believe the pilot who takes the decision to bomb a child to be more innocent than that child . 
  where 's your compassion man ? 
  or sense or proportion ? 
  your '' ( self - ) righteous anger '' sounds a lot like hatred masked under more acceptable colours . 
  speaking of which , what about the settlers and likud in your discussion about causes of conflict ? 
  you have a * very * one-sided view of things , whereas i am happy to state imo there are definite faults on both sides !, 
  i was n't being sarcastic or making a joke btw . 
  idf retaliations and collective punishments regularly * are * grossly disproportionate to any dispassionate observer 's eyes . 
  also who said `` idf are nazis '' ? 
  not me . 
  that 's a bit extreme , but with people like you godwin 's law is bound to come into play ... 
  i merely said they were the function equivalent of hamas in the context of civilians dying . 
  wtf man ? 
  i have repeatedly stated faults on both side , long before i battered you into doing so . 
  i only talked about `` people like you '' due to your earlier foaming at the mouth comments . 
  * if * your latest comment , or even couple of comments genuinely represents your * true * views then i apologise profusely and more than happily withdraw any pejorative commentary regarding your opinions . 
  if , however , ( as i strongly suspect ) you 're just being disingenuous to not sound like an arsehole then i wo n't actually state my opinion because i 'm sure you can guess at it without my sullying my comment . 
  i too am an un-invested , impartial observer . 
  i in no way support violence by either side . 
  hamas may be terrorists , but the idf has certainly , indisputably killed more civilians . 
  how is state sanctioned terror better than openly admitted terrorist agendas ? 
  i never joked about bottle rockets . 
  do we * really * have to keep going over the same points ad nauseum ? 
  perhaps i exaggerated slightly , but , if viewed objectively , only very slightly and then following standard rhetorical principles . 
  if it will shut you up i will , however , unabashedly admit - as i actually just did - to said exaggeration and even write right here and now that the idf would probably not respond to a bottle rocket with a 2000lb bomb . 
  nonetheless , every other point i have made in our charming conversation stands and i am 100 % willing to stand by , including my own neutrality and that mine is more pronounced than your own ... 
  i 'm sorry , but yes i did what ? 
  israeli justifications for their actions in palestine in / r/world news . 
  hamas are cunts , but not all the palestinians killed in idf retaliations and collective punishments are hamas by a long shot . 
  neither are all israelis likud supporters or settlers . 
  why does any criticism of overt aggression by the idf get downvoted and greeted with cries of anti-demotion ? 
  hur-hur you 're * funny * ... 
  my pleasure . 
  i had a lot of fun too , 
  you can tell you 've beaten them when they start deleting comments , lol !, 
  i must say you have summed up my feelings perhaps better than i did myself ... 
  i agree entirely , with the caveat that stirring up israeli shills * can * be absolutely hilarious ... 
  man , fucking tell me about it ... 
  you 're a funny guy , but this is n't a humorous topic dude . 
  have a bit of respect . 
  people are dying !, 
  death for no reason is murder . 
  j-lo is a bad actor . 
  hamas and the israelis are cunts . 
  in terms of civilians actually killed then yes , one is demonstrably worse ... 
  i 'm no fan of hamas , but at least they kill fewer israelis than the idf kill palestinian civilians and are at the same time less hypocritical and sanctimonious about it all ... 
  as i said though i , like you , wish people would shut up about it ... 
  wow , i should really just reply with an insanity wolf meme , but that 's too much effort for this time of night so let 's just go with :, 
  [ joking about palestinian deaths intensifies ... ], 
  to paraphrase stalin himself , deaths in those numbers are n't tragedies , but statistics ... 
  this is not another manifestation of the political far right 's increasing strength in europe , but a noble , brave cry for reason in a crazy world thrown off balance by those evil muslims !, 
  we need such rallies in australia too after the recent hostage crisis . 
  hate can conquer all !, 
  it 's funny because it 's true, 
  look on the bright side , if you 'd been black he 'd have shot you . 
  you probably would n't have even got to make your pig joke first ... 
  do you suspect * all * the males in your life are gay , or just your dad and boyfriend ? 
  do you think they 're gay for each other ? 
  err , you * ca n't * phone in comments ... 
  so speaketh the german . 
  why does n't he ask his grandparents about that shit ? 
  it bet there 's not much * they * could n't teach him about enthusiasm for slaughtering millions ... 
  so what is the correct way of expressing such ideas ? 
  how would you put it ? 
  perhaps my wording was poor ; however , i feel that the gist is quite accurate from my own reading of the news ... 
  marie le pen enjoys quite high percentages in every election , hence the part about the far right ; and how can the far right 's islamophobia * not * further disenfranchise arab youth , leading to an extremist backlash in that demographic ? 
  of course , these attacks have all been carried out by islamic extremists - although for this one at least it 's not actually known who perpetrated it as yet . 
  my point that groups such as the front national with their anti-islamic agenda and rhetoric push muslim youth towards extremist groups by further inflaming their sense of being oppressed and persecuted ... 
  that was what i was trying to express ; perhaps how i phrased my hurriedly typed between bus stops , iphone written comment was inelegant and failed to accurately convey my point . 
  hmmm , but it also * could * have just happened because the officer was a racist . 
  racist , violent officers obviously , unfortunately do exist , just as officers who possess a strong sense of duty , honour and natural justice . 
  the police are drawn from society and reflect the range of people found throughout society ... 
  in any case it was a quip , not a definitive factual , all-encompassing statement !, 
  also this was a very broad generalisation meant to convey a greater truth than a specific fact ... 
  again i ask you to provide a more accurate expression of the facts - in your opinion - of the matter ... 
  not directly of course , but by further alienating the the fundamentalists core target pool of potential candidates they make the terrorist recruiters job that much easier ... 
  i honestly do n't see how anybody can defend the fn and feel that their moral integrity has n't been besmirched . 
  there are nasty , ultra-right wing brutal thugs !, 
  fucked up conversation that it is ... 
  same to you man , 
  i do n't think any of it 's a joke , but wonder if you are . 
  you employ ridiculous , hyperbolic and foaming-at-the-mouth arguments that completely buy in to israeli bullshit propaganda !,
