  something needs to happen to break the present impasse and i genuinely believe that - like * most * israelis - * most * palestinians would rather live peacefully than in a state of perpetual warfare . 
  economic opportunity will do more , imo , to discourage participation in things such as the camps mentioned here than any amount of punitive actions , which ultimately just drag the cycle of violence back round again so it keep on rolling . 
  i have not yet been to israel , but i would very much like to visit . 
  i have a keen interest in history ( with with the region is redolent - from the truly ancient ( neolithic , bronze-age , etc. . . ) to petra just over the border and masada where the sicarii faced the legions of titus , to places like beersheeba , where an australian mounted infantry regiment now barracked about 1km from my home charged the ottomans to help capture palestine for the allies in wwi ) as well as in levantine culture generally . 
  i have had friends ( including a former business partner ) here in australia with long-standing , mandate-era family connexions to the yishuv and that has further piqued my interest . 
  there are many things to admire about israel in and of itself , and i ( working in software engineering ) work regularly with israeli products , vendors and professionals - indeed one of my professional `` heroes '' is a north american jew who spent many years working in israeli high-tech industry and still operates from israel to an extent . 
  for all those reasons and more i 'd love to visit , and one day i am sure i will . 
  ( i 'll be completely open here : i also want to get stuck into some of your food man ! ), 
  edit : finally , ty for the apology . 
  i can understand entirely why stab is now such a loaded term , but assure you my account and username predates the recent spate of stab attacks ( which thankfully seem to have slowed significantly at last ) significantly . 
  that is , i believe , a property of the aircraft 's wooden construction . 
  what a cutie . 
  the bananas ? 
  source please ? 
  afaik , international opinion is still firmly that gaza * is * occupied . 
  here is a legal analysis of the icc 's office of the prosecutor 's ( otp ) opinion ( conclusion is rigt there in the url ) : http://opiniojuris.org/2014/11/05/otp-concludes-israel-still-occupying-gaza/, 
  [ oxford public international law 's analysis concludes ] ( http://opil.ouplaw.com/view/10.1093/law/9780199657759.001.0001/law-9780199657759-chapter-9 ) :, 
   weighing the factors that the conflict in gaza presents , on balance it appears that israel continues to occupy the territory, 
  finally , for those who can not be bothered to read all the legalese , a quote from the [ relevant wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/israeli-occupied_territories#gaza_strip ) that expresses the views of the un secretary-general :, 
   in january 2012 , the spokesperson for the un secretary general stated that under resolutions of the security council and the general assembly , the un still regards gaza to be part of the occupied palestinian territory . 
  the dog on the left 's expression is * so * grave . 
  imagine his smile when they reach the park though !, 
  i do n't want to spoil it for you , but soon the carla/carta thing will resolve itself and make perfect sense . 
  just hold out for a few more pages . 
  mistakes creep in , especially in ebooks as others have said . 
  it can be distracting , but there 's not much you can do except push through . 
  i have definitely noticed the same thing in numerous book , it 's actually more common than one might expect . 
  we also call americans `` seppoes '' . 
  different places have different names for things , it 's the way of the world o wide-eyed young explorer of its curiosities . 
  sounds like you 're actually considering this op . 
  honestly , i would seriously advise you to reconsider any such course of action . 
  as a software engineering professional this seems about as unethical and unprofessional an action as one could take within the context of doing this kind of work . 
  you say you can decide when it would be ethically sound to unleash your payload , but how do you know your own judgement is objectively sound ? 
  if the company has behaved unethically then it is not your place to inflict `` vigilante justice '' upon them ; instead you should report their activities to the appropriate authorities . 
  this would also ruin any chance of an ongoing career in addition to the lawsuits and etc which would be the inevitable outcome . 
  for use from low-altitudes . 
  flying fast and low is still an effective technique to limit exposure to enemy radar and other defences ; however , the aircraft must be able to escape the blast and shrapnel of its own bombs . 
  they can also be more accurate than slick non-precision bombs in some scenarios . 
  that 's not my evidence that israel is n't willing to go after war crimes , it 's an example of a war criminal in the ranks . 
  he is facing trial , but there are so many reports of others who are not ( from international/independent observers of all types - journalists , ngos , etc - as well as the palestinian people themselves ) . 
  manslaughter is a * very * generous way of describing his deliberate actions though , and tbh degrades the perceived willingness of the israeli system to confront war criminals ' actions . 
  i think i phrased what i was trying to say poorly . 
  this was not the type of caricature we have discussed before where i have written comments parodying typical hasbarim comments ; it was a serious proposal to a serious issue . 
  as i have mentioned through a number of comments itt , the peace process will require a healing and reconciliation phase if any peace is to last . 
  this in turn will certainly require a review of the conflict and punishment for those who committed atrocities ( from both sides , but i was discussing the idf in response to a comment about idf soldiers ) . 
  the example i gave earlier was the former-yugoslavian states following their own horrific sectarian conflict ( s ) during the '90s . 
  the surrender to trial and subsequent tribunal hearings for such characters as milosevic have been essential to the degree of reconciliation that has taken place there and the ongoing peace within the region . 
  i must admit that reading my comment it sounds as though i think more idf war criminals would require trial than is actually the case ( though i have tried to fix that with my edit ) , but the point still stands . 
  and as i have said before , do the israeli people * really * want their society to be scattered with murderous bigots walking free when all this is over , or would they rather criminals face justice ? 
  to come at it from another perspective , if there are no war criminals , then what does the idf , or israeli society , have to fear from investigations such as i proposed ? 
  if there are would * everyone * not be better off for their being confronted with their actions and made to account for them ? 
  so , perhaps my thoughts were clumsily expressed , but i believe the underlying reasoning to be both sound and fair . 
  not yet , but maybe , if we 're lucky , one day this will all come true . 
  i have looked through your comment history and have realised that my comments as contained in your screenshots were unjustified and unfair . 
  in fact you personally seem to hold quite reasonable views and do n't let your biases turn into bigotries . 
  please accept my apology for not treating you fairly . 
  i wo n't make excuses , but may i say that not all commenters on reddit possess anything like your own degree of humanism . 
  it was wrong of me to lash out at you personally and i genuinely regret doing so . 
  i value conversation over polemic and perhaps had i not been so rude we could have had a meaningful and interesting conversation . 
  that we did n't was my fault entirely . 
  edit : edited in response to u/critfist 's post below . 
  may i please remind everyone of '' [ prisoner x ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_ben_zygier ) '' , an australian living in israel who was imprisoned without any public trial then died mysteriously shortly afterwards in a suicide-proof cell before the australian government was even informed that one of our citizens had been arrested , let imprisoned ? 
  this was actually one of the first events which really piqued my interest in modern israeli affairs , so i do n't forget it . 
  i would hate for the world to forget ben zygier 's death in some cell without access to any support , or , in other words , the reality of israeli `` justice '' . 
  as i said , i believe i phrased my original proposal poorly . 
  i did , however , state that preliminary investigations should precede the surrender of any individuals found to have crossed the line to a tribunal precisely to avoid the dragging of any innocent people through any kind of legal process . 
  an independent panel would have to be convened to carry out such preliminary investigations ; the serbs did not get to investigate themselves nor did any of the other parties in my example of the former yugoslavia . 
  there would have to be israelis included , though not just idf officers , but also representatives from groups like b'tselem and bts who have had the courage to speak up and can bear witness . 
  i have no desire for show trials . 
  as i have repeatedly stated , my initial proposition was not elegantly constructed , but the intended purpose is not to humiliate or hound soldiers who did nothing wrong ; only those whose actions may be considered egregious by reasonable people . 
  you may consider the incidence of israeli war crimes low , but would you deny they exist ? 
  i think to do so would require wilful ignorance , not something i believe you indulge in . 
  anyway , if they are as low as you indicate you believe them to be then why shy away from the light ? 
  your final hypothetical is difficult , because if amnesty is granted then the crimes have been forgiven and by the victims themselves . 
  yes , ideally all those responsible for the deaths of israeli civilians would face punishment for those atrocities , just as their opposite numbers in the idf should , but if israel want to give that away then that is israel 's prerogative . 
  at the very least his arrest should have been reported to his government , with whom israel enjoys a close relationship and who could be trusted to not reveal any sensitive information , though , would you not agree ? 
  i was horrified by the revelation of the events in the link you just provided , as was the entire country and i am very happy a [ royal commission ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_commission#commonwealth_of_australia ) is to be held which shal investigate what happened . 
  i was just pointing out that things are not quite as black and white as you portrayed them . 
  certainly that does not excuse hamas 's mistreatment of captured idf soldiers in any way , shape or form though and idf soldiers who are thus captured should be treated decently . 
  so where do you draw the line ? 
  `` oh , it was ok to ignore fundamental international protocols * in this case * , even with such a close ally , because * this case * is special , but the next time we 'll do the right thing - just trust us ... '' is not a comforting response . 
  as an australian yourself , would you not want the australian government to be informed if something happened to you though ? 
  i would have thought you of all people would be able to empathise with this situation tbh . 
  i understand the difficulties inherent in establishing such a body ; however , such things have been made to work in the past and no doubt will again . 
  we will never satisfy every single person involved or observing , but if a critical mass of people are satisfied then the body could function effectively . 
  again , it might be my phrasing , but i explicitly stated i did not think you would allow yourself the gross indulgence of wilful ignorance ; i think your disappointment is a little unfair in that instance . 
  your hypothetical is a real catch-22 , as you well know . 
  should all those people be punished ? 
  yes . 
  is it worth allowing some of them to avoid punishment for peace ( the greater good ... ) ? 
  yes , if absolutely necessary then needs must dictate actions ; however , israel deserves to see justice served for its own national healing and reconciliation as much as the palestinians do and palestinian society will not benefit from such people being allowed to remain within it . 
  morality aside , many former terrorists/paramilitaries / `` freedom fighters '' ( call them what you will , we all understand who i am referring to ) turn straight to gangsterism `` when the war is over '' in order to maintain their power ; this is what happened with the ira , it happened in afghanistan with former mujahideen , in lebanon & etc & etc. 
  not a great group to have festering in a new nation , no ? 
  one answer is to roll them into a proper military as israel did with the stern gang and irgun ; however , that brings its own problems down the track . 
  honestly you are asking me a question there is no * right * answer to ; however , i would suggest that the leaders face the exact same investigative body mooted above while the foot soldiers be allowed more leniency , exactly as one sees with officers vs foot soldiers when armies are brought to account . 
  idk man , i do n't have the answers , just my own thoughts and morals . 
  sorry , but that 's the best i can do . 
  at least then the same rules are applied to both parties . 
  i disagree with your reading of what i am suggesting , but that 's fine : we are under no obligation to agree . 
  following many sectarian conflicts similar to the present israel-palestine conflict such a reconciliation process has been followed and in the examples i am thinking of this has turned out to be key to the ongoing success of the peace which was achieved .
