  however , if we examine the root causes then i think the mayor of jerusalem ( as a symbolic representative of israel 's polity ) could do more for western nations by preventing settler violence and the creeping expansion of the colonisation of east jerusalem instead of just offering hollow platitudes . 
  the irony lies in the extent to which the destabilisation of the me and ensuing arab anger towards the west is a result of israeli aggression towards arabs , for which the west is held complicit despite not being responsible . 
  it was a contributing factor , that 's all i meant . 
  certainly we ca n't view someone like bin laden ( and others of his ilk ) as an entirely rational actor . 
  not in the way you might think . 
  it is actually a reference to the [ sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) an ancient subsect of the jewish zealots who are often regarded as the world 's first terrorist group . 
  their mo was to stab their victims in a public place , though strictly speaking , despite being students/teachers of the torah as rabbis are , they were not rabbis per se ( modern rabbinical judaism directly descending from their opponents , the pharisees ) . 
  it is also a bit of a play on words , being a visual rhyme ( stabby-rabbi ) . 
  it is intended as a reflection on the cyclical nature of violence , specifically violence in palestine/israel . 
  oh , i am very much pro-palestinian ( well , pro-peace/two-state solution and anti-settlement , though not pro-violence against israeli civilians ) too . 
  i actually started the account long before the recent stabbings . 
  i also share your reservations about the politicisation of archaeology by the israeli regime and consider the whole promised land/jews are more indigenous than the palestinians shibboleths ludicrous . 
  it 's more of a what goes around comes around kind of thing , the zionists themselves being responsible for the introduction of modern political terrorism to the region via irgun and the stern gang exactly as the sicarii introduced public `` show '' political assassinations to the world way back when . 
  i was n't aware of the got connexion , though i would n't be at all surprised . 
  it takes its toll though : doctors ( and medical professionals generally ) have terribly high rates of alcohol and drug abuse . 
  it 's definitely the modern bogeyman , as communist was in mccarthyite america ; however , i think we can all agree the irgun and the stern gang were terrorists , no matter which definition one applies . 
  yeah , beautiful bread . 
  your username goes with it perfectly !, 
  i had a schoolmate working as a hospital registrar take his own life . 
  truly tragic , those guys are under so much pressure . 
  `` walk on '' , as they say ... 
  how very french . 
  vraiment fran\u00e7ais , as they would say . 
  not quite true - this is one of only two remaining * airworthy * lancasters . 
  there are quite a few more in museums ( i have seen another three personally , at raf duxford , the australian war memorial in canberra and the raaf museum in perth , western australia ) . 
  does n't detract from the rarity and value of this aircraft , but yeah . 
  looks like a mac-10 , that thing could crack a * lot * of oyster shells - fast . 
   [ i love the smell of napalm in the morning ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bpxvgqnjm0w ), 
  scotch, 
  the thing with anything very fashionable is that it tends to date , meaning it 's not something you buy for life ... 
  may i suggest you look for something which is perennially stylish , rather than in fashion now ? 
  pronounced `` tossa '' i believe . 
  yeah , that 's a good suggestion . 
  things like that do n't date , they 've essentially transcended the vagaries of what is in or out of fashion . 
  really ? 
  gaelic is tricky for the anglophone tongue ; i have the same problem pronouncing the names of scotch distilleries . 
   you ca n't have my guns, 
  great , we do n't want them . 
  we just want to see them broken up . 
  america does n't even subsidise its own citizens ' medicine . 
  and ( speaking for australia at least ) the sole reason medicine costs * me * very much less than its sticker price is because * my * government spends * my * tax dollars on subsidised healthcare , something of which i would approve 100 % even if personally never needed a prescription in my life . 
  that 's going to pay for a lot of schools , hospitals and other palestinian infrastructure ... to be flattened yet again after some pissy bottle rocket incident . 
  if the excuse is `` economic stimulus '' why not just spend the money directly for us defence procurement , not this grim farrago ? 
  hey man , your government has already implemented most of the necessary technology and legislature to round guys like you up and put you in fema camps . 
  you have an m4 and i guess and m1911 ? 
  good luck against an m1a3 tusk abrams main battle tank . 
  meanwhile i 'll be getting the popcorn in and watching it on bbc . 
  a lamb is a young sheep . 
  not a dog . 
  and spit roasted dog looks quite different , i 've seen that plenty of times in the vietnamese highlands , though , unlike this lamb , i never partook of the dog . 
  you joke , but it does n't say what the `` explosive material '' actually was ; it could in fact have been fertiliser and diesel fuel intended for the exact purposes you sarcastically posit above . 
  kind of reminds me of a scaled down eagle from that front quarter shot . 
  nice looking plane in any case ; be very interesting to see its capabilities . 
  hmmm . 
  well i 'm not a leftist , i consider myself centre-right . 
  so not that . 
  i 'm not a terrorist sympathiser or apologist either ; i support israel 's right to ongoing self-determination as a home for the jewish people and security entirely , while i offer no support for hamas and etc. 
  ever . 
  ( making me a classic zionist , in actual fact , within israel 's borders proper at least . ), 
  so not that either . 
  how would you react if i said `` you people '' ? 
  yeah , i could n't do it , especially because the poor dogs on spits * look * like exactly what they are . 
  not for me man ... 
  it 's not a funny joke . 
  they do need fertiliser to feed themselves ; if some gets diverted that 's not ideal , but it 's better than mass starvation in gaza . 
  very rarely do the rockets cause any worse damage in israel than a few pairs of pants needing a good clean anyway . 
  have some fucking humanity . 
  homeland security ? 
  really ? 
  since when was torrenting ( or copyright generally ) a * security * issue ? 
  wtf does it have to do with homeland fricking security ? 
  article about aircraft :, 
  not my people , i 'm just a typical post-enlightenment , western humanist who wants peace , not the destruction of either side . 
  i support both israel and palestine 's right to self-determination and security . 
  anyway ... 
  likewise if you do n't want rockets launched at you do n't occupy , blockade , bomb and otherwise oppress an entire ethnic group . 
  see how this works ? 
  yes , some personal responsibility * would * go a very long way to resolving the situation , but both sides need to step up here . 
  hope he gets better , peres seems like one of israel 's more reasonable politicians who has long been genuinely open to peace . 
  even if he is no longer active in politics he is still a decent man , and influential . 
  a ) israel is by no means a member of the western world ; the national values are completely at odds with ours ;, 
  b ) the jewish `` philanthropy '' you mention does not seek to better the world , but solely the lot of israel ;, 
  c ) if bashing palestine is so socially unacceptable how do you explain reddit , let alone the israeli state 's actions in palestine ? 
  you need to take those rose tinted glasses off . 
  while there are many positive things about israel that i admire , it is not at all accurate to even suggest israel does not actively seek to make the palestinians ' lives worse . 
  not all israelis , but the israeli government certainly and especially political groups such as the religious nationalist settler movement and likud itself . 
  if you want to talk about one group being more miserable , think about how terrifying living under the constant threat of being bombed or shot by the idf must truly be . 
  i have zero sympathy for hamas , but not every palestinian is hamas , and it is undeniable that collective punishment serves only to breed further , bitter resentment . 
  funnily enough the cobras were nicknamed `` snakes '' . 
  so in that sense the loaches ( oh-6s ) * did * drop snakes on the vc/nva . 
  yeah that 's terrible . 
  [ here 's a picture of gaza after israeli bombing ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcryscon-0mnl11pnxr9feavverkuickzwoli1nxz0t5ezsq0acd ) . 
  au contraire , israel could have stopped fighting years ago . 
  the state has never faced an existential threat from the palestinians , and this belief it does is a clear-cut example of paranoid delusional mass hysteria . 
  i 'm sorry , but israel 's primitivist tribalistic culture is entirely at odds with with post-enlightenment western values . 
  israel may ape certain western social structures , but objectively it is not a western nation in any cultural sense . 
  some palestinians are certainly very negative , but this is a strawman as i never claimed the palestinians were , well , anything really . 
  however , what i did say was that if you keep bombing and traumatising an entire population they will ipso facto be more negatively postured than if they are allowed to live in peace . 
  israeli supporters work to destroy palestine just as much as palestinians do israel , albeit via naftali bennett 's explicitly stated goal of creeping annexation , vicious oppression and industrialised warfare rather than a peaceful boycott and understandable if not agreeable insurgency . 
  edit : spelling,
