  this smacks strongly of israeli propaganda , intended to both justify israel 's ongoing violence and shore up netanyahu 's power by engendering continued fear amongst israel 's population . 
  if you read below , i discuss how air strikes have been carried out , but not against weapons caches , only fighting positions near the border and leaders like quntar . 
  i should n't have included the `` or any other air strikes '' in the sentence you quoted though , you 're right . 
  they do n't have to , they just have to put weapons supplies off limits . 
  which , at the risk of sounding repetitive , given that no attacks on such targets have been reported since they arrived , they seem to have done . 
  quntar/kuntar falls into my categories of leaders and fighting positions near the border . 
  the cessation of bombing weapons supplies happening when netanyahu is bleating the hezbollah have been given pantsir-s1s ( as per the article linked by u/jl2l above ) might be coincidence , but it would seem more likely the russian/israeli deconfliction agreement does n't allow israel to bomb russian supplied weaponry . 
  the mental gymnastics required to state the assertions made in the article ( and keep a straight face ) are mind boggling . 
  for a start the very fact of two legal systems , with one being much , much harsher than the other is clearly discriminatory . 
  secondly the defence - that it 's a matter of citizenship , not nationality so it 's somehow not a racist double standard - is negated by the facts that a ) the israeli citizens in question are not living in israel & b ) none of the palestinians in the wb have any process available for acquiring israeli citizenship whilst any diaspora jew may jump on a plane to make aaliyah , be granted israeli citizenship immediately and move straight to the wb to live under the law for israelis . 
  what on earth does healthcare have to do with citizenship laws ? 
  i am honestly baffled by your , for want of a better word , reasoning . 
   do you often see countries providing healthcare for free to all non-citizens of the world ? 
  again , what are you on about ? 
  * which * country are you talking about , which `` all non-citizens of the world '' ? 
  with regards to the palestinians , as you said , the un provide them with healthcare . 
  the un provides healthcare to many people around the world who are identified as needing help , just not to people whose government can provide it directly . 
  i live in australia . 
  here my government takes care of all citizens ' and permanent residents ' healthcare , supplemented with private health insurance where people decide to purchase it . 
  this is normal for developed nations . 
  imo healthcare is a basic human right i personally would rather live here and pay my taxes and health insurance than live in a messed up country . 
  i do n't begrudge or feel any jealousy over other , poorer , countries ' peoples ' free , un provided healthcare . 
  in fact i am very happy that such people * can * get healthcare , even though a proportion of my taxes go towards foreign aid and so in one sense it very indirectly costs me money . 
  other than that trivial personal financial burden it does n't hurt me that others have their human rights satisfied , so why would i possibly begrudge it to them ? 
  on another note , why do you downvote every reply that you do not agree with 100 % ? 
  if you are interested in discussing issues do n't you think that downvoting like that is a bit petty and rude ? 
  what do you feel it achieves ? 
  the healthcare `` argument '' grabbed my attention initially due to how bizarre it was , but here are my thoughts regarding the remainder of your comment :, 
   no , it 's required under international law . 
  take it up with the world community if you want . 
  is this a joke ? 
  the settlements are illegal under international law . 
  why do you feel you can say that international law does not apply when it does n't suit you , but then call on it when it does ? 
   citizens have citizens ' law applied to them . 
  that 's what oslo also says , and which palestinians agreed to . 
  they are in palestine , not israel . 
  if i moved to israel , could i expect australian law to apply to me there ? 
  why not ? 
  is n't that how it works ? 
  again , why do you feel it acceptable to pick and choose random bits of agreements to insist adherence to , but ignore other parts and claim that they are not applicable according to your whim ? 
  double standard much ? 
   i disagree . 
  we 'll wait for a court ruling . 
  until then , we 'll see . 
  there has been a court ruling . 
  the icc advisory in 2003 found the settlements to be in violation of article 49 of geneva iv . 
  this view is supported by * every other country in the world and the un * . 
   they are n't in palestine . 
  palestine has no defined boundaries . 
  ok , to be precise they are in the occupied territories , which a ) are illegal for israel to transfer any of its population to under geneva iv & b ) are not part of israel either . 
   double standard indeed . 
  sensing a pattern here , but what is this * intended * to mean , because it does not make any sense . 
  ok , i got a letter wrong . 
  nonetheless here is a quote from the advisory ( [ summary docket ] ( http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/index.php?pr=71&amp;code=mwp&amp;p1=3&amp;p2=4&amp;p3=6 ) ) :, 
   recalling that the security council described israel 's policy of establishing settlements in that territory as a `` flagrant violation '' of the fourth geneva convention , the court finds that those settlements have been established in breach of international law . 
  it is pretty clear . 
  by establishing `` legal '' settlements , providing idf protection to settlers and applying israeli law to settlers within the illegal settlements the israeli government most certainly is transferring its population in , both de facto and de jure . 
  i do not know whether you are being deliberately obtuse or genuinely believe that semantics change the facts , but your `` argument '' would only hold water if the israeli government did not have any part in the settlements ... 
  israel 's opinion runs contrary to * every * other country 's position . 
  as international law is a consensus between nations , no unilateral declaration of that source has any validity in and of itself . 
  finally your efforts to patronise me ( which i remember well ) are laughable and only reflect badly upon your own debating quality . 
  beyond that i do n't think gracing your final paragraph with a response would be constructive so i 'll leave it there . 
  whether or not they regurgitating the security council , that settlements are illegal was still presented as the ijc 's explicit finding . 
   international law 's enforcement is not based on opinions , it is based on the law as written, 
  you mean like article 49 of the geneva convention part iv ? 
  your interpretation of what entails a transfer is based on an israeli legal opinion , not `` law as written '' . 
  given that your * only * fig leaf covering the illegality of the settlements ( as agreed upon by every nation other than israel and the un ) is a semantic quibble over the exact meaning of `` transfer '' , israel 's obviously and quite literally partisan opinion ( ie they are a party in the dispute ) is less written law than it is a press release . 
   i do n't think you responded to 99 % of what i said , you simply repeated vague arguments based on advisory opinions and nonbinding ones that have no moral or legal force , and then ignored what you did n't like . 
  waste of time , as your arguments usually are . 
  i would argue the same about you . 
  some of your comments make literally no sense whatsoever . 
  you provide an israeli opinion which carries absolutely no legal weight outside israel whatsoever . 
  whilst quoting this opinion you actually state the reason i provide the icj advisory : israel has absolutely refused to come into the light and face legal scrutiny or allow a binding legal ruling . 
  your arguments completely ignore what legal rulings have been made simply because they do not suit your personal views . 
  you still have n't answered what who pays the cost of healthcare has to do with citizenship . 
  if anything the fact that the un does so benefits israel as otherwise - under international law as the occupying force - israel would have to . 
  ( the same is true of funding the pa which the eu does - effectively paying israel 's bill for them . ), 
  just because you disagree with what i have written does not make it a waste of time . 
  no matter how often you childishly insist that you 're right and i 'm wrong your opinion remains nothing more than that : your opinion . 
  until israel is willing to risk exposure in court that is all anyone can produce in the matter . 
  the only difference is that my opinion matches that of * all * nations and international organisations other than israel , whereas yours is based solely on israel 's press release/opinion speaks volumes . 
  this is absolutely brilliant , a victory over unnatural death , bigotry and hatred . 
  this man must have an amazing will to live . 
  ok i have read , reread and read again your comments about how the un granting free healthcare to an at risk population , desperately poor in the main , has any bearing on why israel wo n't allow them to apply for citizenship and the morality of the situation . 
  i am asking you nicely and humbly if you could please explain the reasoning in terms a dullard such as myself could easily grasp . 
  if , upon my slowly managing to get the right newer to feel natural , you have cmv i shall , of course apologise . 
  also please explain how i completely dodged the issue when discussing whether the settlements ' manifest illegality is nullified by the semantics of `` transfer '' . 
  here is the complete definition of transfer to help :, 
   transfer, 
   verb, 
   trans\u02c8f\u0259\u02d0 , tr\u0251\u02d0ns - , - nz - /, 
   move from one place to another . 
   `` he intends to transfer the fund 's assets to the treasury '', 
   synonyms : move , convey , shift , remove , take , carry , fetch , lift , bring , bear , conduct , send , pass on , transport , relay , change , relocate , resettle , transplant , uproot, 
   `` the plants should be transferred into a tank '', 
   change to another place , route , or means of transport during a journey . 
   `` passengers have to transfer at heathrow for onward international flights '', 
   \u02c8transf\u0259\u02d0 , \u02c8tr\u0251\u02d0ns - , - nz - /, 
   an act of moving something or someone to another place , organization , team , etc. 
   `` a transfer of wealth to the eu 's poorer nations '',
