  wow , the israeli regime does not like people even talking about nonviolent resistance , do they ? 
  not with the mulish , obstructionist antipolitics of labor standing in the way of progress . . 
   as people here show union wages rise more than non-union, 
  you mean `` anecdotally '' i think , if you are talking about what you have read here . 
  tbh i am exceedingly surprised the median income for taxpayers is so low . 
  i earn a decent bit over double that and am far from what i would consider high income . 
  what if the housing bubble does n't burst thanks to yet another bitter year of economic growth and general prosperity ? 
  we need the alp in power for a decade at least , than we will get the next depression we have to have !, 
  username checks out . 
  thanks !, 
  it was easy though - spotted it straight away . . 
  20 years . . 
  i agree entirely , it was definitely tony abbott and * his * gang of moron cronies who started it . 
  who started it does n't matter though imo , or at least that 's not as important as somehow ending it is . 
  it 's just not good for the country , nor we individuals the pollies ( on both sides ) guilty of this behaviour claim to represent . 
  i 'm sorry , but wtf does cynically and frequently hypocritically ( based on prior stated positions ) obstructing any economic measures have to do with gay people being allowed to marry ? 
  i quite agree marriage equality laws should just be passed already , but if you think holding the nation to ransom over it ( as your post implies ) is a productive strategy i 'm sorry , but i must say i disagree with you wrt tactics most strongly . 
  blinkered self-interest is not good for anyone , even you yourself . 
   i 'm not sure where we only started discussing economic policies ? 
  see , if you read the title this thread is about * the budget * . 
  the budget is an economic plan , here 's how the [ official . gov.au website ] ( http://www.budget.gov.au/ ) explains it :, 
   the australian government budget sets out the economic and fiscal outlook for australia , and includes expenditure and revenue estimates for the current financial year , the budget year , and three forward financial years . 
  in even simpler terms , here 's another description [ from the same site ] ( http://budget.gov.au/2016-17/content/glossies/overview/html/ ) of the budget :, 
   the government 's economic plan to ensure australia continues to successfully transition from the mining investment boom to a stronger , more diversified , new economy . 
  so , nothing to do with gay marriage , and purely about economics . 
  which i think we can all agree do need some guidance , not stasis while that muppet shorten scores points . . 
  does that help clarify what we * are * talking about ? 
  idk why you are attacking me wrt to gay marriage as i explicitly stated i think it needs to happen ( or rather idgaf particularly either way , so why not ? 
  ) ; however , i honestly think conflating purely social issues with purely economic issues is damaging to both and undermines your position . 
  this is very much what i said previously , but if you are still confused and would like me to try to explain again please do ask . 
  yeah and two plus two equals seven , right buddy ? 
  your `` no you '' point is pretty ironic , given i initially replied to a comment talking about how the alp wrecking crew would likely block this budget too . . 
   i would accuse the alp of the same if they turn around and decry the concept of scrapping 457 's for example . 
  evidently you missed the news last night . . 
  and how about shorten 's about face on the productivity commission . . 
  both sides do it when in opposition ; both should stop , at least enough to allow necessary measures to proceed . 
  the comment i replied to was simply about the probability of this budget not being passed , as per the previous budgets from the current government blocked by the alp . 
  that was all i was talking about , not all this other hobby horse bullshit you and others are trying to muddy the waters with . 
  look stuff like the plebiscite i agree was bad and deserved to be blocked , but here we are talking about budgets passing . 
  the thread is about the budget , the op i replied to was about the budget passing and that is literally all i was referring to . 
  the country requires economic management irrespective of other policy as we do n't exist in an economic vacuum , but rather as part of a highly dynamic environment in which we are actually disproportionately vulnerable to external factors ( compared to other similar nations , due to our reliance on primary production ) ; if the budgets are continually blocked for cheap political points and no such management allowed then we all lose . 
  is this in honour of nyc 's favourite son , the 45th and current president of the united states ? 
  that is a great map , and provides a really interesting insight into the ethnic makeup of europe at that point in time . 
  it would be interesting to see a series that tracked the various peoples ' movements over subsequent centuries too . 
   my comment was exactly accurate , just swap out legislation with budget . 
  perhaps , but still not relevant to this thread . . 
   how is the lnp budget progress ? 
  how is refusing to allow any budget to pass not inhibiting progress ? 
  if it was labor wanting to spend on infrastructure and other projects the chorus here would be `` visionary '' , yet when the libs hint at it it 's somehow * bound * to be corporate welfare , blah , blah , blah . . 
  if you read what is written , you will see this :, 
   with the background of the ageing population and rapid rise in health , aged care and education spending , the demands from the electorate could see the size of government rise to levels not seen before in australia . 
  the first side of politics to realise this and adjust its policies , and rhetoric to reflect this point , might strike a chord and gain electoral success . 
  how is moving towards a new economic model ( of government or whatever else ) in response to changing socio-economic requirements not progress , let alone not necessary ? 
  so , again , how is blocking that not stifling progress ? 
  they are blocking supply though , this is what the article mentions as likely , and ergo what the op i replied to acknowledges labor will likely reflexively block :, 
   the electorate wants decent levels of government-funded education , health , defence , aged care and roads among other things , and there is some recognition that more tax will need to be paid if these are to be funded . 
  i would consider blocking such spending/tax to be blocking supply . 
  tbqh the alternative - ie nothing getting passed thanks to stupid politicians ' intransigence - has n't done us any favours the past few years , has it ? 
  it does n't matter what the liberals do , the alp say `` not that '' ( and vice versa ) - that is what i am sick of . . 
  hoi an is such a lovely little town , somewhere i definitely plan to return to as one of my favourite locations in vietnam . 
  so , how 's the koolaid ? 
  5 whole years ? 
  edit : removed tautology, 
  your english is fine , i do n't think you need to take classes in it . 
  and your ad hominem is better how ? 
  his `` point '' ( for want of a better word ) was irrelevant posturing which you simply piggybacked on ; not worthy of gracing with any kind of in depth , considered reply . 
  again with ad hominem . . 
  this post is about the budget , not a general moan about governance . 
  saying we are discussing social policy here is the real dishonesty , as a blatant diversion from the topic at hand . 
  just because you do n't like others daring to have views divergent from your own does n't mean that such views are n't allowed to exist , nor that those who do dare hold different opinions are idiots . 
  and `` virtue signalling '' ? 
  really ? 
  jfc , get out more man , do n't spend all your time on the internet . . 
  edit : fewer adjectives are better, 
  queenslanders in australia, 
  no , i never said `` labor should just let through legislation just for the sake of it '' , but have ( consistently ) been saying the country needs economic direction , ie a budget that passes . 
  health , education , defence , infrastructure - all these things still need to work even if you are currently at ideological odds with the present government . 
  you opposed nothing i actually wrote , you just made stuff up , hence my assumption you had drunk the koolaid as the inescapable conclusion is your argument is derived from said koolaid , no matter what is actually under discussion . 
  it was a comment on your * argument * , not you personally . . 
  what * is * warehouse or spark ? 
  been to nz several times , but never noticed either . 
  * dress * boots ? 
  seems somewhat oxymoronic to me . . 
  wanneroo is a long way from the city , and not on the coast . . 
  so yes , tres bogue . 
  these things will not continue to work if allowed to atrophy . 
  the article discusses that the government is likely to try to adjust its posture in these areas with this budget in response to changing circumstances , the comment i replied to initially stated that this would not be allowed to happen . 
  this needs to happen though , and we would all be better off if the parties would cooperate and find a middle ground . 
  that is my point . 
  it has been my point all along , as you would no doubt see if you removed your ideological goggles . 
  i am sorry to have been so forthright given your evident sensitivity , and agree the koolaid comment was dismissive of your argument despite you have behaved no better . 
  in all honesty , were it not for the fact you would incorrectly view it as an admission of your own rightness which it would not be , i would just as soon delete those comments . 
  trading insults is pointless and i apologise for responding in kind to your provocations . 
  i * have * edited two comments to moderate what i initially wrote without changing the substance ( something you seem to be doing the opposite of , as you spit more venom at me personally with each successive comment ) . 
  that should not be read as my thinking you are right , but rather viewed in light of the fact that we - exactly as with both major parties - may both simultaneously be wrong wrt certain points , or chosen expressions . 
  the last election cycle is not the entire political history of australia , and almost all of the current players have histories that go back much further than the five years you seem to consider the bounds of relevance for australian politics . 
  finally , i travel overseas regularly , but still manage to read the aussie news when doing so , and have learned maturity does not necessarily directly correlate with age , so my `` presumptions '' ( or as i would say `` balanced analysis '' ) remain entirely intact . 
  this article states that the expectation is that the next budget will expand both spending and taxation , the op i replied to asked, 
   will they manage to get this one through ? 
  i would n't bet on it . '',
