  or is it just a teeny-weeny little roll of toilet paper ? 
  / r/aww has some things in it that will literally claw your skin to pieces and shit in your shoes . 
  the phantom shitter strikes again !, 
  actually i do n't know why this is news . 
  as an aussie i was under the impression that this is just kind of what kiwis * do * ... 
  er , that was 2000yrs ago . 
  a lots happened since then !, 
  maybe the romans should have dominion over palestina again too ? 
  or the israelites should go back to egypt and work for pharoah ? 
  interesting that it 's been palestina for that long , contiguously though is n't it ? 
  they were referred to as palestinians by the british whilst palestine was their protectorate so it definitely predates your definition , but the ottoman administration also used the same name so it goes back even further ... 
  the etymology of palestine is derived from philistine , a people who cohabited the area with the original israelites . 
  the current palestinians may be an admixture of * all * the different peoples who have moved through the area in the past two millenia , but without a doubt their ancestry * includes * to some extent those original philistine palestinians ... 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  are goyim ( am i allowed to use * that * word ) not allowed to use any judaic words ? 
  it 's just a visual rhyme , but pronounced ( in my head ) as stabby rabbi . 
  it 's just nonsense , but it certainly does n't refer to stabbing rabbis - if anything it would be rabbis that like stabbing things . 
  it 's just nonsense though ... 
  i 'm with you man . 
  i 'm not buying anything with `` made in israel '' on the box again . 
  ever , or rather until a viable palestinian state exists . 
  all the apologists are right , it 's not much . 
  it may be nigh near impossible to effect perfectly . 
  even so it 's still better than providing any support . 
  i do n't want to pay for a bullet that kills a palestinian kid . 
  under the geneva convention iv to which israel is a signatory building settlements in a belligerently occupied territory ( eg west bank ) is an illegal , offensive ( as in military , not manners ) action . 
  so yeah in context constructing houses is an offensive manoeuvre . 
  attacking any unarmed civilians at any activity is obviously also an offensive action , but that cuts both ways too . 
  bombing and shooting kids is morally equivalent to stabbing rabbis ... 
  neither act can be condoned . 
  his sarcasm is pathetically laboured and his comment deliberately offensive . 
  your sarcasm is equally pathetic . 
  hence the downvotes . 
  actually the last assault on gaza followed * israel * breaking the ceasefire by firing a rocket ( hellfire missile to be exact ) into the home of a hamas leader , killing him and ** 7 ** innocent civilians at the same time . 
  hamas 's rockets were retaliation for that breaking of the ceasefire !, 
  not that that justifies * either side 's * attacks on civilians . 
  i 'm not saying hamas are n't terrorists or should be supported . 
  i 'm just telling the true , whole story . 
  uh , yeah . 
  how is the question :, 
   are you really such a naked bigot that you ca n't admit any person is as much a person as any other, 
  not asking your opinion on the relative humanity of palestinians ? 
  why did you say you only had n't answered because i had n't asked in your previous comment then ? 
  are you just flip-flopping to be cool , like bibi ? 
  that 's so * cute * . 
  it is literally a question , it even finished with a question mark in the original comment . 
  since it must now be clear , even to you , that i am interested in your opinion , why have you * still * not answered ? 
  i remember being told about a week ago by a pro-netanyahu american jewish redditor that america 's support for israel would * never * waver si israel could * always * act as they please in palestine ; i wonder if any of the past few days ' events have given him any self-awareness of his arrogance and hubris yet ? 
  perhaps circumstances have placed them in invidious positions each time ? 
  i can certainly see how they have n't helped their own cause on many occasions , but often they had no choice or at least no good choices available . 
  i 'm glad to hear you agree they 're people just like you and i. 
  does that extend to agreeing they have the right to the same opportunities for self-determination and fulfilling lives as everybody else ? 
  obviously i firmly believe that to be the case , but not just for their sake . 
  israel 's respect and regard within the community of nations is suffering terribly as the palestinians suffer . 
  and the world is starting to do something about it . 
  these eu sanctions , the us govt , talking about recognition for palestine and direct intervention in the peace process , taking hezbollah and iran off the terrorist threat list , pushing forward the iran nuclear deal and - since we first started talking - releasing via the pentagon a formerly classified document about israel 's nuclear capability should make the israeli people question the wisdom of their government 's course of action . 
  little over a week ago a pro-netanyahu american jewish redditor crowed that israel could always do as they pleased in palestine because the us would * always * back them up . 
  i wonder if he 's reflecting on his hubris yet ? 
  my empathy for palestine does n't make me anti-israeli . 
  anti-likud ? 
  sure , but not anti-israeli , let alone anti-semitic . 
  i hope israel and palestine work their shit out so the suffering on both sides stops . 
  to do this israel is going to have to allow a viable palestinian state ; i feel the sooner this is understood and accepted the better not just for palestine , but also for israel . 
  shalom man . 
  good chat , despite the differences in opinion ... 
  why does the israeli govt . 
  issue building permits for east jerusalem in that case ? 
  clearly if all you have said is correct they have usurped that `` authority '' . 
  there were secret agreements between the israeli and jordanian governments around the post - '49 division of the city . 
  all illegal under the international law you quote ... 
  the israelis frankly do n't have a leg to stand on here ; they 've manipulated the situation cynically and with the intention of obfuscating the reality of their intentions . 
  perhaps you 're correct that under international law nobody has the right , but under the web of agreements israel has constructed from their position of power the pa has ( nominal at least ) control over east jerusalem , giving palestinians the right to build which should be denied to israelis ( although in practice that is n't what actually happens ... ) ... 
  it 's a mess . 
  i agree in part with many elements of your post , especially where you argue that a reasonable compromise needs to be found . 
  saying that mine was simply a false statement is , however , a gross oversimplification as the entire situation is so murky . 
  ca n't really argue with that . 
  i should have said under current local law palestinians can build , not international law . 
  it does make the eu 's position problematic in a sense , but does not prevent them from enacting sanctions against israeli expansions into east jerusalem or change the moral position around such expansions . 
  in any case i think this is just the tip of the iceberg in terms of eu moves against israel for the refusal to meaningfully engage in discussion onwards a viable two-state solution . 
  apart from anything else the eu has been paying for the pa 's expenses since '03 to help the pa move towards nationhood . 
  as it becomes apparent this is a pipe dream under netanyahu they will almost certainly enact some kind of response to the reality of this situation . 
  following likud 's sabotage of the '13 talks they wished to withdraw that funding , but did n't to avoid both further palestinian suffering and the consequences of another intifada . 
  i do n't think they 're going to be willing to sustain this situation any longer , now that netanyahu has admitted to the false premise it is founded upon . 
  what will happen next is anybody 's guess right now , but something will ... 
  nonetheless the same families have lived on the same land for countless generations . 
  the rest is semantics ; the compelling moral case of that unbroken connection 's right to continue can not be denied by literalist interpretations of who exactly is or what exactly defines a palestinian . 
  that 's not what i was saying at all : again you 're resorting to literalism and semantics . 
  i said the present day palestinians are no doubt an admixture of all of the people 's who have moved through and inhabited the area since the original era of philistines and israelites , but that undoubtedly some - unknowable - portion of their ancestry is philistine in origin . 
  as in my other reply to your comment the important moral issue is that for generations the same families and groups - no matter how they morphed and evolved over that time - have maintained a contiguous presence in and on the land . 
  your point about how ( to paraphrase ) both palestinians and jews are semitic people 's is perhaps one of the most heartbreaking facets of the whole situation and accordingly one the israeli right is very loathe to ever admit . 
  there 's neither evidence for a millennial connection , but equally no evidence against . 
  * someone * has always lived there . 
  genetic studies in other areas with similarly turbulent histories have clearly demonstrated that unbroken genetic lines do in fact remain in places . 
  the israeli national claim is not as certain as you claim outside the discourse of eretz israel . 
  indeed , genetic studies of ashkenazim , the largest group of israeli jews , has shown that whilst the male line origin includes levantine origins the female line origin is predominately european . 
  these questions are essentially unknowable beyond the period you mention , eg 17th century . 
  beyond that it is educated guesses in all cases for both populations . 
  that still leaves the palestinians with a strong natural connection and right to the land ; ergo they do morally deserve their state at least as much ( if not more ) than the israelis . 
  i 'm not saying hurt israel , just give palestine a viable , independent statehood based around the green line defined west bank . 
  generations does n't imply `` thousands of years '' ...
