  [ bonus picture of vmfa-122 crusaders f/a -18 c cag bird arriving for exercise ] ( http://i2.wp.com/aviationspottersonline.com/wp-content/uploads/ngg_featured/13692152_1043386509082044_8029271_o.png?fit=750%2c422 ) . 
  the f-35 will be great in its own right , but yeah , they seem to be not talking as much about all the other new stuff coming online at the same time . 
  there 's a bunch of new platforms as well as those we already discussed - triton & poseidon which are n't being discussed much , while we are also growing the kc-30a fleet rapidly , in addition to the extra c-17as already acquired and the naval projects . 
  all in we have an increasingly modern and advanced adf emerging without much fuss , as you say ... 
  i hope he recovered , or at least found some measure of peace . 
  it really must have been an extremely intense experience , very difficult for anyone - let alone a 19yo - to process . 
  weird sub to choose to post in , but great content . 
  i 'm conflicted , but take an upvote . 
  a lot of airlines , banks and other 24/7 large enterprises , not to mention air traffic control systems , that do a lot of transactions in near realtime that have to be completely reliable do n't want to or ca n't afford to make the change in terms of risk to data and of downtime . 
  they keep old mainframe solutions running as their core systems , albeit with all kinds of other bits and pieces integrated to fulfill such functionality as is possible . 
  raaf facebook page about pitch black 2016 , but do n't have the link on my phone . 
  i can give it to you monday if you ca n't find it there or with reverse image search . 
  i believe that is what the football fans would have had in mind . 
  not everyone wants to kill all the jews . 
  just western opinion generally . 
  do you really think all those people support the plo killing jews because they just hate jews so damn much ? 
  of course they do n't , they just read the news . 
  israel has a massive pr problem , despite all the propaganda because people trust the impartiality of international media and governmental organisations significantly more than they do the israeli regime 's propaganda machine , and the facts look bad for israeli government policy , the settlers and other hardliners . 
  it does n't mean they hate jews , or want israel destroyed . 
  they do n't even give that much of a fuck about israel per se either way - end the occupation , end this type of occurrence . 
  at least that has been my near universal experience of western opinion , both in australasia and western europe , and both from the media and from talking to people should the subject arise ( eg following some atrocity in the wb when the news is on tv or in the paper ) . 
  there are certainly some hardcore bigots , but not as many as there were flags . 
  there are varying levels of interest and knowledge , but everyone reads the news . 
  they would never support israel 's destruction though , everybody knows that there wo n't be peace without western intervention , nobody is destroying israel , at least not anytime soon . 
  and yet it is israel 's own behaviour which most threatens total withdrawal of support and normal relations from the west , which will harm israel immeasurably more greatly than the palestinians could ever hope too . 
  ironic , no ? . 
  how was it a justification ? 
  i think any terrorist attack is unjustified , and the fact i referred to murder should be a clear indication i was not `` justifying '' the munich battle for freedom from israeli oppression in any way , shape or form . 
  you pro-israeli right-wing extremists are always jumping to the most vile conclusions . 
  no worries , as i say hit me up on monday and i 'll flick the link if you do n't have any luck . 
  some of it , certainly , though other aspects are more ambiguous . 
  ironic username much ? 
  sounds like you 're pretty fresh off the boat yourself . 
  legal or not , immigrants are immigrants . 
  - stealing fissile material from us storage dumps to create their nuclear weapons ;, 
  - threatening us with `` samson option '' nuclear strikes aimed at triggering wwiii between usa and ussr when us military aid did not flow as fast as they demanded during '73 yom kippur war while losing to egypt . 
  i 'm not a us citizen for a start , i live in another western nation and possess citizenship of two western nations , naturally , by birth . 
  you have also made an incorrect assumption about my age , but whatever man . 
  my username defers to the [ sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) , the world 's first organised terrorist group and is a reference to violence 's cyclical nature that long predates the recent stabbing attacks . 
  you love jumping to conclusions , do n't you ? 
  the immigration issue is significantly more nuanced in any nation than you make it out to be to suit your own ends ( `` i 'm a * good * immigrant , but those other immigrants suck , fuck them '' ) . 
  with all due respect , you are ignorant as well as aggressive and bigoted . 
  all western nations , particularly the two i have citizenship of ( by right of birth ) currently have massive problems with illegal immigration . 
  only authoritarian states such as israel feel free to just ship such people off back to wherever , so everywhere else immigrants , illegal or otherwise , keep coming in the hope of a better life . 
  * i 'm * a nazi ? 
  forgive me for not taking that accusation seriously , coming as it does from the guy spouting hate speech against immigrants ... 
  it always baffles me how a long-practiced and prepared for war of territorial expansion , initiated with a surprise attack , is held by pro-israeli apologists to somehow be `` defensive '' ... 
  how the fuck does that work , even in their twisted little minds ? 
  yes , the nazis were very naughty , but it 's been 70 yrs man !, 
  israel 's crimes are ongoing - no doubt some settler or jackbooted idf thug has violated an innocent palestinian 's human rights at least once even as i type this comment !, 
  a * wilfully primitivist * tribalistic cognitive dissonance and mass hysteria is the way i view it personally . 
  oh definitely both , though racial supremacist fascism describes their political system , while tribalistic primitivism describes their social ideology . 
  obsession with israel ? 
  scarcely , i just enjoy battling propagandista shills online , lol . 
  i argue against such as those i encounter from ksa and other , equally unpleasant , regimes too , it 's simply that the israeli brigade is the most prevalent . 
  i 'm actually an avowed zionist personally , as far as israel itself goes at least ( ie i support israel , though not the illegal colonial project in occupied palestine , of course ) , i just do n't like shills and liars . 
  and yes , take a step back , re-read what you just wrote then watch the `` they took our jerbs '' episode of south park . 
  the parallels should ( if it can get through you ringing cognitive dissonance ) be immediately apparent . 
  you are in fact the very archetype of a typical , undifferentiated , basic bigot . 
  let me guess who you 'll be voting for in the upcoming elections ... 
  you assume too much , friend . 
  my username refers to the world 's first terrorist group , [ the sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) and is an ironic commentary on the cyclical nature of violence . 
  this account long predates the recent stab attacks . 
  you need to untwist your knickers - i was just tweaking your extreme right-wing little nose with that munich line . 
  i knew you 'd bite , and you did not disappoint in the slightest , so my sincere thanks for the lulz . 
  i do not support terrorism from any source , nor the killing of innocent civilians by either the idf 's jackbooted thugs or the equally vile hamas . 
  in fact i actually count myself a zionist and support israel 's right to security and ongoing self-determination as a place where the jews may live in peace and security , albeit only within israel proper and not insofar as the illegal colonial project in occupied palestine is concerned . 
   right . 
  so america should have dealt with nations committing massacres and attempted genocide by ... ~ ~ committing genocide ? ~ ~ * sharing fatal to stupid yuropoors and asians doses of freedom with german and japanese peoples *, 
  there , ftfy . 
  damn , oh well - i better delete it . 
  i should have checked first . 
  * back of bourke * , perth is - i should know , i 'm there right now !, 
  awesome , will track it down . 
  thx for the tip !, 
  you can get fucked properly , do n't try to make cunts out of us with your patronising seppo bullshit . 
  `` american culture '' ... 
  somewhat oxymoronic , but i 'll let it pass . 
  and almost everywhere else can handle the unsimplified spellings that seppoes struggle with so very greatly . 
   who 's occupying whom \\*, 
  ftfy . 
  very cool . 
  amazing stol performance those aircraft possess , though i 'm willing to bet \\* this old girl does n't get jammed in and out of football field sized landing grounds anymore !, 
  \\* forgot a word . 
  you do realise how easily pita bread can be fashioned into an ied , do n't you ? 
  i think the tu-160 looks closer to the bone , with the same kind of grace , but yeah - the backfire looks like shark or something equally predatory . 
  one may readily understand why they were such boogeyman to nato during the cw . 
  that 's because whiskey is distilled and , more significantly , aged differently from whisky . 
  i think he used to kick it waaaaay back in the day . 
  these days though ? 
  just some other irrelevant old geezer . 
   so when you hear people talking about the two state solution , and how they are going to divide israel and give it to the palestinians , they are playing with holy fire and that fire is getting ready to fall . 
  never heard white phosphorous being called `` holy fire '' before , but i guess it 's an appropriate code name for when wp shells are used ( illegally ) against civilians . 
  yeah , i was in a similar spot myself . 
  soda in cans is certainly a better tasting product than from pet bottles imo . 
  ( i think the temperature cans stay at helps too . ), 
  no doubt , imo pet < cans < glass bottles ... 
  yes , that 's american culture , but i 'm an aussie . 
  of course we have maccas , but our english is the correct , queen 's english - as i believe canada largely employs too ? 
   the whole country is only worth letting live because of one car manufacturer,
