  i have jewish friends here and work with israelis quite often in my professional role as a software developer as there are lots of very smart israelis in my particular area of professional interest , some of whom are real `` rock-star-developers '' , as we say in the industry , and all of whom i hold in high professional regard too , so my understanding is not all from books and so on ( i learn a lot from you guys too ) . 
  what i am trying to say is actually a continuation of my op 's essential point , which most people seem to have missed as they indulge their predilections for enjoying being outraged , which is that not * everything * is driven by hatred of jews . 
  your view of me is another facet of the same issue as this story and again it 's not right to say i am driven by hatred of jews or israel any more than it 's right to say these threats were the work of antisemitic extremists . 
  whatever his motivations , this guy knew his target audience and how they would react , and unfortunately it worked - he ( entirely understandably ) scared a lot of innocent people , disrupting their lives to push his own twisted agenda . 
  if there was n't such a propensity for paranoia about such acts as his though it not have been worthwhile doing for him as it would n't have gained as much attention as it did . 
  similarly , i have seen many articles over the years claiming that western nations are more dangerous than they have ever been for jewish communities and antisemitic hate crimes are rising from hard-right zionist extremist publications despite police reports from the countries in question that directly contradict such claims . 
  such articles seem to be aimed both at encouraging jewish people in these countries to make aliyah and also at ratcheting up israeli nationalism and insularity within israel itself in a `` circle-the-wagons '' - type mentality ; however , i very much believe that less insularity and more openness would be better for everyone involved , including both israelis and palestinians as well as people from other nations . 
  i know from my personal experience that the stories do not gel with what i observe of jewish communities ( both in australia and london , those being the places i am most familiar with ) , let alone with the views i hear being expressed by other aussies/brits who do n't hate jews , or israel , but * are * often uncomfortable with political issues such as the occupation and settlements . 
  i have never met anyone either here or in the uk who would wish harm on either jews or israelis , which is not to say such arselholes are n't out there , just that we 're not all like that and most of us actively are opposed to people who are . 
  i 've gone on for a bit now , and i 'm going to cut it here as you probably do n't want to read a doctoral thesis from me and i am very well aware all i will get for my efforts is downvotes , but to conclude may i just say that ( without dismissing reasonable caution and vigilance wrt actual antisemitism ) imo listening and judging events and ideas with a cool head would probably be better for everyone than always looking for an antisemitic animus behind anything you do n't like . 
  dismissing everything as being driven by ignorance and hatred makes it too easy to dismiss genuine concerns and as a result drive an even greater wedge between jews/israelis and others , an unnecessary wedge at that . 
  for one last example , if people here ( not all people - some of you guys are great about this and willing to talk politely without ever conceding anything they consider not right or fair ) were more willing to accept criticism , or at least discuss it reasonably and calmly , i personally would choose my words more carefully to not ruffle feathers ; however , as things stand , the only way to get a point across is often to express things in either a blunt or pointed ( and thus potentially contentious ) manner , and in any case as i know i will be downvoted for the idea ( even very mild critiques ) why try hard to not upset anyone with the phrasing ? 
  that is one clear example where being more open to outside ideas would immediately result in a reduction in perceived antipathy to israel , and i genuinely think the same dynamic would work with other cases . 
  edit : reread and just added a little for clarification . 
  i just [ wrote a big reply to the guy you replied to ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/israel/comments/611ibx/dual_usisraeli_citizen_behind_most_jcc_bomb/dfbfsao/ ) , in which i went into a lot of detail on my thoughts - i would be interested in what you think as to whether i got my point across well , or if it got lost in too many words ? 
  she 's actually perfectly correct , australia is a massive hoax and now we 've been called out there 's no point in continuing the charade . 
  as one of the `` aussies '' she has correctly identified as being actors i can confirm everything she says . 
  ^ ^ ^ eat ^ ^ ^ vegemite, 
  i think it 's funny , but otoh i could n't care less what some random kid in sweden thinks about us anyway . 
  why the fuck would anyone give her the satisfaction of getting upset over it ? 
  why does anyone care ? 
  that is * exactly * right , yes . 
  thanks for taking the time to both read what i wrote and write a proper response . 
  i always really appreciate anyone who is willing to do so , especially as so many others wo n't . 
  i do have a lot of empathy for moderate israelis , and think you described the predicament very well . 
  it must be dreadful reading some of the crap people say - some of it both offends and upsets me and it 's not even directed at me . 
  a lot of the hate is just mindless venom from people who do n't actually have any interest in the subject , but are just trying to attack jews for being jews , and as such i utterly despise that type of response . 
  those people ( and their equivalents on the israeli side ) win when they polarise the debate sufficiently to stop others who * are * interested in talking to each other as fellow humans rather than ideological opponents from having conversations though , which is why i do n't ever let people 's slings and barbs get to me . 
  it 's worth being called whatever names they have for me for the times a decent conversation is had . 
  i can see why they want to do that , despite disagreeing with it . 
  the greatest enemy of ideologues is conversations - i know from my own experience that my views have been moderated significantly by talking to israelis , both from the natural human instinct to empathy when you hear people 's point of view from them and as a result of becoming better informed . 
  i have seen how many people who feel strongly about issues react when people question their positions , and i admire people who will take their criticisms . 
  it must be hard to do in the face of all you describe , but please keep it up . 
  i too believe peace is possible - it is not going to be achieved easily , but is surely worth the effort !, 
  it has to be possible without israel being sacrificed too , or palestine for that matter , otherwise what 's the point ? 
  i have to say i found a lot of what you wrote really quite moving , and appreciate you being so honest and open a great deal . 
  i hope to see you around and talk again mate . 
  wow . 
  i think some spittle hit me through my screen !, 
  that 's * mr * cheeto benito * sir * to you mate !, 
  tbqh i personally believe millennials are dumber , certainly than gen x , if not the boomers . 
  quite significantly dumber in actual fact . 
  i 'll buy you a ticket to north korea if you 're looking to go somewhere better than your version of this country . 
  this is the `` demon 's revenge '' ( so-called ) `` challenge burger '' from johnny 's burger joint in canning vale , western australia . 
  hundreds have attempted this burger , but only fourteen ever finished it . 
  it certainly is spicy , not ridiculous though . 
  ha ha , yeah - it definitely showed me exactly how my digestive system works as i could feel every centimetre quite distinctly . . 
   again , i know you are , but what am i ? 
  come on mate , i know you 're arguing from a morally and intellectually weak position , but surely even you can do better than that lame bs . . 
  if it 's all good then why does n't israel agree to arbitration with an independent court/war crimes tribunal ? 
  nothing to hide , nothing to fear , right ? 
  all alternatives to violence * have been * ignored by successive israeli regimes . 
  why do n't you name all those legitimate * and fair * peace offers israel has made ? 
  and is calling israel `` the victim '' a joke ? 
  honestly , how is israel `` the victim '' given the implacably cruel and vicious nature of their colonialism ? 
  i think you wrote this to be provocative , and it 's not funny . 
  not a great offer because it end would the land grab . . 
  if israel gaf about peace they would take any decent offer , even if not great - they did n't and wo n't though , ergo we must conclude they do n't . 
  interesting that you refuse to list the good faith and fair israeli offers , but instead choose to run with disingenuous dissimulation . 
  well , not * that * interesting i guess as it 's entirely predictable , given the lack of offers for you to list . . 
  is the guy who murders families an idf stormtrooper ? 
  the idf certainly kill orders of magnitude more families , which is - as if you did n't already know - the issue much more so than the illegal colonisation ( ie `` building houses '' in your parlance ) . 
  it 's different because the palestinians are the people being dispossessed from their ancestral homeland : nothing to do with `` privilege '' , but rather the * exact * opposite . 
  you may try to claim israelis are indigenous , but they really are not , with the exception of a handful of mizrahi families who did choose to stay while the sephardic and ashkenazi communities instead chose to abrogate any meaningful - let alone continuous ( a cornerstone of that un pdf your colleague is so fond of spamming up threads with ) - connexion to the land by enjoying the benefits of staying within other communities for fully 2,000 years . 
  ha ha , this sounds exactly like something from the mouth of j. peterman , elaine 's boss on seinfeld . . 
  ghost pepper poppers . 
  oh those are called `` americans '' . . 
  i picked all of these up at a recent perth chilli festival , and all are worthy additions to my stash . 
  they are all natural ( ie not extract ) sauces and each has its own distinct flavour profile . 
  they are all * bloody hot * too !, 
  most of these are from western australia , though the mash comes from queensland i believe . 
  [ dr paul 's ruby reaper ] ( http://www.drpaulshotsauce.com/product/ruby-s-reaper ) is another fine sauce , a lot of burn but a nice flavour underneath . 
  as the name suggests it 's packed with reaper goodness . 
  [ hellfire bay 's c4 ] ( http://www.hellfirebayhotsauce.com/apps/webstore/products/show/6617978 ) certainly goes off with a bang . 
  a few drops of this reaper-based sauce lifts the heat on anything . 
  this one goes great in wings sauces ( though , tbf , they all do . . ), 
  bunster 's [ shit the bed black label ] ( https://www.bunstersworldwide.com.au/collections/frontpage/products/bunsters-hot-sauce-shit-the-bed-black-label-16-10-heat ) is a beautiful tasting hot sauce , and i think worthy of its 16/10 rating , but it 's probably the least hot of all of these , lacking that reaper burn the others possess in abundance . 
  ( i have the companion 7/10 and 12/10 stb sauces too , and they are all damn tasty ! ), 
  [ chef kenny 's reaper liquid lava ] ( https://www.tastingtheheat.com/chillin-out-in-wa.html ) is one of my favourites from the group and easily lives up to its name . 
  lovely smokey heat on this one - great in chilli con carne , or on anything really !, 
  last , but definitely not least , we have the [ cobra chilli carolina reaper mash ] ( http://cobrachilli.com/chilli-mash-150ml-51oz--carolina-reaper_p_94.html ) - at 85 % carolina reaper and not much else this sauce from queensland is flat out the hottest sauce i bought , and is hotter than any other natural chilli i have tried . 
  still has a great fruity taste though - i * love * this stuff !, 
  ( i do wonder wtf you would possibly do with 1l of it , as they sell . . ), 
  i picked these up just over two weeks ago and have been enjoying them all - in wings sauce , on eggs for brekkie , in salad dressing , in chilli con carne or just on celery sticks each brings its own unique taste to my collection . 
  that cobra chilli reaper mash is *** hot af *** . 
  they are all hot , but that one actually made both my chest and my mate 's chest feel tight when we tried a big dab of it . 
  great sauces though - not bitter , with that lovely fresh chilli taste . 
  i listed what each is in another comment if you 're interested . 
  ha ha , nah not like that lol . . 
   why do n't you agree to the federal government having access to your smartphone ? 
  why do n't you agree to talk to the cops ? 
  apparently `` the feds '' * do * have access to all our smartphones , so whether i agree or not is moot . 
  i certainly * do * agree to talk to the cops whenever they want to talk to me . 
  because i am not committing any crimes i do not fear speaking to the cops . 
  ( cops here are n't jackbooted thugs - i guess things are different for you ? ), 
   the relevant serious crimes have been committed . 
  which they have n't, 
  you honestly think no serious crimes have been committed in fifty years of brutal occupation , illegal colonisation and racist oppression ? 
  ok then . 
  you enjoy the last word , we 're done here .
