   yet they try so hard for israel . 
  why not for the palestinian government , which refuses peace ? 
  what does your part of that mean ? 
  well if the palestinians were living in the israelis homes and squatting on the israelis ' land then no doubt people would be angry at palestinians . 
  oh , and btw , israeli does groom its youth to murder palestinians - you may recall the currently ongoing furore over the 19yo idf medic who ruthlessly , in cold blood , shot dead a disarmed and subdued palestinian man recently . 
  that is not normal behaviour - that young man must have been brainwashed to hate palestinians long before he pulled that trigger . 
  indeed he is still being brainwashed by the way so many israelis support him at rallies , bearing signs saying things like `` kill them [ arabs ] all '' . 
  such positive reinforcement is not how most nations `` treat '' psychopaths . 
  do you not also think everyone she knows has been affected by ongoing conflict ? 
  seconded by an aussie . 
  you have just been made mod of r/pyongyang, 
  what is the price ? 
  what is this english you speak of ? 
  people only want to learn american !, 
  or , in other words : `` mine , mine , mine !!! '', 
  why do they always pop up in poor r/ireland ? 
  seems that sub gets an unfair amount of seppoes sticking their noses into its threads and being particularly obnoxious . 
  60 % of israelis favour ethnic cleansing ; israelis hold rallies where they chant `` kill them all '' ( them = arabs ) and wave big placards saying the same while supporting a cold-blooded murderering , rogue idf thug ; the jewish home ( one of the primary partners in the current regime ) leader , naftali bennett , has stated he has killed many arabs and that there is no problem with it , advocates creeping annexation and complete segregation ( aka apartheid ) ; ayelet shaked - tjh mk and netanyahu 's justice minister ( oh , my sides ! ), 
  - meanwhile advocates total war against the palestinians ; israel has always rewarded and lauded * its * terrorists ( jabotinsky , shamir , sharon , begin and etc ) ... and the litany of bigotry , hate crimes and propaganda from israelis continues unabated . 
  the palestinians are far from perfect , but israel 's white knight costume is also bloodstained and besmirched with the dirt of a million lies told . 
  there * are * bad people on both sides - everybody knew about the bad palestinians of hamas and etc , but israel 's true colours are increasingly openly showing between the recent , very public support for the murderous soldier , the regime 's endorsement of the levy report 's farcical conclusions and the ongoing horrors of the occupation . 
  neither side can claim the moral high ground you seem to imagine you have the right to . 
  this deal is n't just with ksa , it 's with many arab nations . 
  the fact it has been on the table for so long with everything israel wants , just requiring some minor concessions that any peace deal will include anyway ( ror for * a portion * of displaced persons still in refugee camps after israel 's ethnic cleansing effort during ' 47 / '48 either as cash or citizenship and '67 borders or equivalent land swaps - you know , the basics ... ) makes an absolute mockery of netanyahu 's bleating about how he 's willing to negotiate . 
  your link about arabs hating jews almost at a genetic level is rubbish - propaganda aimed at making the arabs into less than human beasts ( a perception many apologists for israeli crimes in here already seem to hold ) to an israeli audience . 
  disgustingly racist in and of itself , only made more so by how you presented the link . 
  typical turgid potpourri of dissimulation , obfuscation and outright lies - a classic example of your work . 
  whether jews are a religious group or a race is distraction by semantics - the survey found that 48 % of israelis believe being jewish should mean they are given preferential treatment over non-jews in israel . 
  it 's quite irrelevant whether that is because of ethnicity or religious persuasion , the point remains the same . 
  whether or not israel is a theocracy does n't change the underlying racism of such beliefs in the slightest . 
  to divert the discussion down that path is distraction by misleading . 
  whether israeli racism is institutionalised on a religious or ethnic basis does not change that the racism * is * institutionalised and that many israelis believe this institutionalisation should be further entrenched . 
  whether a single source is , in your humble opinion , the * leading * professor on arab-israeli relations ( from the israeli camp what 's more , rather than non-aligned , independent academia ) does n't change that he is a single source and quite possibly wrong no matter what his credentials , especially when his word is taken in isolation and out of context . 
  this is an appeal to authority - a common logical fallacy/media manipulation technique much beloved of israeli-crimes apologia . 
  you provide clearly biased sources , yet you are extremely vocal when anyone else links to any non-israeli source - this is a form of distraction by nationalism ( `` everyone else is biased against israel so can not be trusted as a source , only israeli sources paint a fair picture '' ) . 
  finally , as always , your primary overall strategy is diverting attention by focusing on minutiae ( your standard slice up every sentence to form a tedious wall of text ) rather than the underlying issues and truths . 
  for example your argument is basically that the poll results were misleading and anyway there is nothing inherently wrong with israeli policies that favour jews because they 're not aimed at keeping others down , only at helping jews . 
  this is , however , patently * not * the situation in israel at the moment under the current regime , in which the openly racist , pro-ethnic cleansing , pro-apartheid and pro-extermination ( all positions taken directly from their leaders ' own words ) the jewish home are in an unholy alliance with the already morally dubious likud ( given that the party was formed by notorious terrorist , ex-irgun members * as well as * their extreme right-wing policies ) that is highly popular in israel and given free rein by the populace to engage in their inflammatory and racist policies ( eg settlement expansion , shoot-to-kill roe , implementation of levy report recommendations ) . 
  the sight of thousands of israelis openly supporting that murderous brute of an idf medic and calling cries of `` kill them [ arabs ] all '' as they did so - whilst he , an indicted murderer ( albeit on the lesser charge of manslaughter ) , was allowed * home for passover * merely provides further evidence of the racism endemic to israeli culture at this point in time . 
  ( presumably he was allowed home because it was just an arab he killed , had it been an israeli jew i very much doubt he would have been shown such consideration - more racism in action ... ), 
  that does n't change the egregious nature of israeli policy regarding its brutal treatment of the palestinian people or the destabilising effect that policy has within the region generally though . 
  everything u/itchigatzu said is still true ; his was merely an argument that contained two clauses , linked by the common thread that both clauses discuss territories occupied by israel . 
  nice air wing - tomcats , hornets , prowlers , hawkeyes ... 
  maybe not as powerful as a current all hornet cvw ( carrier air wing ) , but a bit more character imo . 
   in addition to being completely untrue, 
  so your position is the israel 's actions in the occupied territories have * no * impact on regional instability * whatsoever * , despite the regularity of conflicts initiated by israel within gaza or the general discomfort felt outside israel at israel 's oppression of the people of palestine that is especially keenly felt in arab nations ? 
  that 's an interesting , if somewhat blinkered , view of the world you have there . 
  i guess you see israel as a passive victim that is merely behaving in a perfectly reasonable manner in the face of all this completely inexplicable ( other than being driven by anti-semitism ) anger at whatever the country does and not contributing to the criticism it receives at all because * israel does no wrong * ? 
  similarly , of course israel 's actions in other territories it is occupying are entirely relevant to israel 's stated intention to annex the golan heights - both the treatment of the palestinians and such an annexation are , entirely predictably , highly inflammatory both regionally and globally . 
  furthermore , each exacerbates the reaction to the other . 
  considering how intertwined the two situations are both historically and legally it 's bizarre that you consider them entirely independent of each other . 
  edit : spelling, 
  all `` whites '' being the same to you ? 
  smh . 
  not that i have to justify my username to you , but it actually refers to the earliest known terrorists in history - [ the sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) - and is a commentary on the cyclical nature of violence . 
  people who are inadequately educated have little temper tantrums like yours occasionally and tbh if i could have a do-over i would change it , but i ca n't . 
  you might find [ this link ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/mehdi-hasan/2010/02/iraq-war-israel-bush-saddam ) interesting . 
  it appears that israel did more than pass false information about wmds , but were rather one of the driving forces behind the 2003 invasion of iraq . 
  what is the us `` bribing '' israel to do , or not do ? 
  of course , israel also shares technology with china - technology that is either directly or indirectly funded by the us military dole ... 
  the first point is entirely plausible ; however , the second less so . 
  given the technology is funded by the us aid package , directly or indirectly , and so much has been developed in partnership with the us or benefited from exposure to us technology that really it 's quite reasonable for the us to issue such vetoes . 
  i know quite a lot about israeli technology the us uses , as well as my own country , australia . 
  i 'm just pointing out that as the us paid for it , as well as providing a great deal of enabling technology , the `` home-grown israeli '' aspect is a bit blurrier than it is for many other countries . 
  israel having to innovate ended years ago with golda meir 's nuclear blackmail of the us in '73 though really , did n't it ? 
  that was over forty years ago and since then israel has been pretty much dependent on us technology - as you pointed out when initially discussing the bribery aspect of the us welfare package - at least for complex systems such as aircraft . 
  israel certainly has strengths in certain subsystems , particularly electronics , but no complete systems ( past ground vehicles which many countries manufacture for themselves ) . 
  it 's not great , but it is vastly better than wantonly cruel oppression such as israel dishes out . 
  the lavi never worked out though , did it and the kfir was a long time and a number of aircraft generations ago . 
  sure you can say `` we could have done it , we just decided not to '' , but there is a massive difference between a 3rd generation fighter like the kfir and a fourth ( f-16 , f-15 , eurofighter , flanker ) , let alone a fifth ( f-22 , f-35 ) . 
  your right , drones are complete systems , although israeli drones tend towards the smaller end of the spectrum . 
  nothing like what is being worked on in europe , let alone what the us flies . 
  missile defence technology is the best known example of us collaboration . 
  look at the dolphin submarines - designed , built and paid for by germany with basically only their nuclear cruise missiles being israeli , and that because the us is anti-nuclear proliferation so the idf could n't buy them . 
  well patronage - what you 've been discussing as coming from the west towards the palestinians - is quite different from oppressive colonisation such as the belgian congo or illegal west bank settlement ... 
  being able to copy a third-generation fighter is easy ; most single nations ca n't manage fourth-gen by themselves ; only the us has built a fifth . 
  the israeli prototype lavi failed even with all the us input from the f-16 program and a fifth generation fighter would literally be impossible . 
  if israel was able to build its own arms for yom kippur why * did * they pressure the us for weapons ? 
  if it would be profitable to design and build aircraft then why not just turn down the $ 2.8 b per year ? 
  according to wikipedia the german army uses uzis . 
  the air force has rafael litening targeting pods and are leasing drones while they build a european drone . 
  a submarine is substantially more complex and requires a much greater industrial capability to manufacture . 
  of course , israel does n't * demand * it , they only take it to be polite !, 
  netanyahu has n't been whinging and whining about it for months , he 's been trying to say no ... 
  oh so during yom kippur israel did n't * want * the f-4s and etc america rushed them to make up for the losses the over-confident , but tactically inept ( in the face of modern air defence systems ) iasf lost in the first few days of the war ? 
  interesting perspective . 
  not what i 've read before , but sure , why not ? 
  smh . 
  the dolphin class submarines were first promised as aid to israel during the first gulf war when israel was threatened by iraqi ballistic missiles - essentially the same stunt was pulled as at yom kippur , though this time the threat was israeli attacks on iraq which would disrupt the un coalition . 
  that was the first two . 
  the following four were mostly paid for by israel ( thanks us taxpayers !, 
  ) , with some portion paid by germany as a welfare package . 
  the israeli copies of the submarines use some israeli mission systems , but are a 100 % german designed and built hull , propulsion system and etc. 
  they are a design germany has sold to other countries , customised to israeli needs with launch tubes large enough to carry popeye cruise missiles - the bit israel * did * design . 
  germany was able to design and build a fourth generation fighter - the eurofighter - but only in consortium with the uk , italy and spain . 
  it 's laughable to think the lavi could ever have made it into production with israel manufacturing the aircraft all by itself . 
  it mentions shimon peres too . 
  i think he meant `` unable to stop * perpetuating * terrorism '' , but the zionist terror groups - irgun and the stern gang amongst others - * do * predate the israeli state , yes . 
  obviously that 's because the idf absorbed their members whilst israelis generally seem to have voted the leaders in as pm so they no longer had any need of a little group to cause terror as they now had a whole army . 
  the situation that continues to this day .
