  do not try to confuse serious issue here please / s, 
  i have argued before on reddit that israel is doing itself more harm than good with its current behaviour , it 's great to see an article express my perspective on the matter so clearly . 
  the only `` anti-semitism '' i see as a member of a western society is driven by disgust at israel 's actions and their hypocrisy in raising the spectre of those whose lives were taken in the holocaust whilst inflicting such brutal conditions upon the palestinians ; what is gaza if not a ghetto ? 
  the tsunami of diplomatic consequences referred to is not driven by a love of arabs , but a genuine moral disquiet at the suffering of the palestinians and is exacerbated by the arrogance of those such as netanyahu and the very vocal pro-israel commenters in threads such as this whose hypocritical stance is highly provocative . 
  sigh , now bring on the downvotes and ad hominem attacks ... 
  ditto for january 2nd through december 31st when the same conditions prevail . 
  source : observed my russian ( ex - ) girlfriend , her family and their russian friends for nearly ten years ; such hilarity ... 
  russians are incredibly xenophobic . 
  by asians they often mean people from former soviet states in central asia more than east asians , who they viscerally hate especially as many live and work within russia following the russian colonisation of their home countries despite frequent racist attacks ... 
  my ex ( whom i spent nearly ten years with ) was half azeri and when i met her looked entirely european to me , although as i met more russians through her and her family i grew to recognise she did n't look slavic . 
  to a russian this central asian admixture was , however , immediately obvious and whenever in russia she had to endure racist epithets and physical danger for being a `` blackarse '' , as the english translation of the russian term goes . 
  my cousins who are bankers and lived in moscow for many years before putin 's policies made them decide to pack up and leave , closing their business there , with their children for london and sydney also took their filipino housekeeper because they liked her and feared for her safety . 
  she had become stuck in russia after moving there to study medicine towards the end of the soviet era and faced daily danger travelling around moscow where many of her compatriots were regularly assaulted ... 
  neither al qaeda nor isis are freedom fighters dying to shake off the shackles of an illegal occupation that forces them to live in a large ghetto and therein lies the difference my disingenuous friend . 
  it is you that is the hypocrite , or if not you personally the israeli government where netanyahu cries `` remember the six million '' as he keeps a similar number in conditions comparable to the nazi ghettos in eastern europe ... 
  to be fair the views you see on / r/worldnews generally do not represent the views of any of the jews i know personally , and even here you do see some israelis who will admit to being discomfited by what is happening in palestine . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/ ) explains what we suffer in this sub ... 
  sigh ... 
  yes , yes ... 
  calm down . 
  i personally know many jews who would argue the same thing ; israelis are not all right-wing extremists like yourself . 
  read my comment history . 
  now read yours . 
  whose the bigot ? 
  you 're the fucking troll ... 
  edit : how is godwin 's law applicable ? 
  nobody has mentioned the `` h '' word . 
  as for my username , how is it anti-semitic ? 
  is it because i mention a jewish priest ? 
  it does n't say anything awful about them , it just rhymes . 
  by that logic your username is equally anti-semitic . 
  by the way , the more you say those words the less they mean . 
  idiot . 
  where is it distorted ? 
  do you live in a western society ( other than perhaps the usa ? ), 
  and if so can you dispute the growing disquiet at israel 's ongoing actions ? 
  that 's my main point , also the main point of the article ... 
  indeed , all i 've essentially done is paraphrase !, 
  the only thing you could possibly take exception to is my description of gaza as a ghetto . 
  what word would you use instead ? 
  the article directly refers to netanyahu talking about the six million , and that anti-israeli sentiment in the west is driven by his government 's actions and hypocrisy . 
  what exactly do n't you understand about the concept of paraphrasing . 
  tell me and i 'll try to explain it for you if the dictionary does n't help ... 
  wat i sed , or , in english : `` what i said '', 
  i 'm not making excuses for religious fundamentalism - where do i mention religious fundamentalism or fundamentalists ? 
  i 'm talking about the innocent mass of palestinians who are n't the asshole leaders of hamas . 
  they 're who i - and the entire civilised , western world - have sympathy for . 
  just as i have sympathy for the mass of israelis who are n't in likud ... 
  your link just proves the point made in my other reply . 
  honestly i do n't even know if our opinions differ that much , just our choice of words ... 
  no , that would have been racist bigots who are beyond help . 
  if you ca n't beat them , join them is a poor strategy though , to the extent israel does so and israelis/pro-israel commenters on reddit espouse it . 
  that just pisses off the reasonable people reading who otherwise would n't be anti-israel as opposed to pro-palestinian . 
  the two positions are not the same thing , in the west at least ... 
  iphone correction or politically incorrect blackface wearing person ? 
  looks like a dreidel being escorted by a couple of roman soldiers to me ... 
  heightist, 
  sorry man , i was born and raised speaking english . 
  i apologise for any difficult words . 
  that 's just how i speak having finished high school , then both undergraduate and post-grad uni , 
  what i mean is that acting the same way as those idiots and saying and doing right wing things is n't a good way to beat them . 
  when israel does that in palestine and commenters on reddit do and say things that discriminate against palestinians or abuse other people for disagreeing with them it makes normal , non-bigoted people annoyed and so they become more anti-israeli than they would otherwise be . 
  if it was n't for that they would support palestinians ' right to a safe , happy life without disliking israel , but when they are angered of course they become more opposed to the israeli government at least and for some people , though not me , israel itself . 
  does that explain my point more clearly ? 
  so does australia , the uk and all the eu countries , not to mention canada . 
  they all manage it without a fascist political system too what 's more !, 
  he 's not actually unknown , the last time this photo was posted on reddit his name and details were given . 
  i forget his name , but he was with 173d airborne brigade ... 
  well , ladder companies would go out of business for a start ... 
  what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy ? 
  gang rape . 
  that 's their justification ; however , it can also just be an excuse for sadists to indulge their sickness whilst being sanctioned by the state and protected by the need for `` national security '' . 
  how do you redact comments and how does that help you abuse karma ? 
  i do n't like how the cia do it and can see how they use it to abuse the legal system , but i 've never seen it on reddit . 
  the closest thing is spoilers , but although they look like redactions when you hover over the text appears . 
  that does n't happen in cia reports . 
  people here are way too literally minded and get their knickers in a twist over things that are clearly humorous , reacting with a horrified `` but , but , but - you ca n't say * that * '' all too often ... 
  some of it is that some people are humourless little pricks , but more often it 's just that it 's hard to read intent without other clues such as tone and expression . 
  a lot of the time it has to do with immaturity and poor comprehension skills too . 
  hopefully they 'll grow older and learn , but unfortunately many wo n't . 
  oh , you mean when people say something like `` redactors '' then change it later to something like `` redditors '' later without an `` edit : spelling '' or whatever to either change their comment 's meaning for more karma or make somebody else 's comment not make any sense ? 
  yeah , those people suck , that is a clear abuse of karma . 
  melodramatic even ... 
  i lol 'd at attempted genocide ; especially given the israelis ' own efforts in that direction towards the palestinians . 
  do n't forget the stern gang . 
  those groups invented political terrorist groups in the middle east . 
  any earlier efforts by arabs were organised by local tribal groups , not dedicated organisations of murderers . 
  whose been beheading children * for * being jewish ? 
  do n't conflate isis and hamas , that 's just creating a straw man argument ... 
  lol ... 
  i think ? 
  you were being sarcastic right ? 
  probably wo n't get you much karma in this case . 
  just a dick move and indicative of poor sense of fair play ... 
  dammit , now * i * feel like the arsehole and that you 're alright ... 
  if only i could redact my last comment , 
  nigerian scammers have also [ sold houses in western australia ] ( http://www.perthnow.com.au/news/western-australia/scammers-con-real-estate-agent-into-selling-house/story-e6frg13u-1225918470678 ) , meaning the owners have lost their house !, 
  yeah i was just reading this website on my personal tablet coz i had nothing better to do when i saw this photo . 
  yep i concur - just go for it op . 
  help push those lazy scientists into taking action !,
