  it can in fact be good for you as it helps with skin conditions such as athletes foot . 
  where , may i ask , is `` here '' for you ? 
  that does sound rather wonderful !, 
  apparently to drink it you need to lead a very healthy lifestyle so your urine is not loaded with toxins and most people that do acquire a taste for the `` golden draught '' tend to be vegans - did you follow such a lifestyle , just go for it despite not doing so or source your drinking pee elsewhere ? 
  wow , looks awesome - yet another reason for me to want to go back to holland . 
  1800 calories a serve though !, 
  you 'd want to be good and hungry , would n't you ? 
  that 's still legal for tourists , is n't it ? 
  ( the kapsalon , that is ... ), 
  whereas israel is not !, 
  it is very interesting watching the israeli response to iran 's efforts to acquire a nuclear capability in light of their own history of subterfuge and obfuscation in the pursuit of building their bomb !, 
  did you know , for instance , that [ israel is widely believed to have stolen the highly enriched nuclear material they used from the usa , a belief held by us intelligence and nuclear regulatory bodies ] ( http://www.afr.com/business/energy/cold-war-mystery-israeli-spies-may-have-stolen-us-uranium-to-build-the-bomb-20150401-1mawaw ) ? 
   excerpt for the lazy, 
  especially those too lazy to even go to school in the first place . 
  many orthodox jews are actually avowed anti-zionists . 
  is n't the ny community in question here a [ satmar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/satmar_ ( hasidic_dynasty ) ) community and as such opposed to zionism , like most [ haredi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haredi_judaism ) both inside and outside israel ? 
  [ neturei karta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neturei_karta ) are another haredi group , formed in mandate palestine to oppose political zionism who believe :, 
   that because of their sins , the jewish people went into exile from the land of israel ( `` umipnei chatoeinu golinu meiartzeinu '' ) . 
  additionally , they maintain the view -- based on the babylonian talmud -- that any form of forceful recapture of the land of israel is a violation of divine will . 
  they believe that the restoration of the land of israel to the jews should only happen with the coming of the messiah , not by self-determination . 
   neturei karta believes that the exile of the jews can only end with the arrival of the messiah , and that human attempts to establish jewish sovereignty over the land of israel are sinful . 
  in neturei karta 's view , zionism is a presumptuous affront against god . 
  there are still [ chaldean ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/chaldean_christians ) communities ( albeit chaldean christians ) around the world , including fighting isis in iraq . 
  we should all simply mourn the loss of so many young lives on both sides imo . 
  nobody really won or lost or at gallipoli - the invasion failed , but equally so many more turks than anzacs , british , french , indian and etc were lost that the battle fundamentally weakened the ottoman army to a far more significant extent than it affected the allies . 
  the ottoman losses were so great , as was the drain on manpower that garrisoning the peninsula for the remainder of the war , that the later victories at beersheeba , megiddo and other places in the me by the anzac corps over the ottomans were arguably materially assisted by the ensuing weakness and not just a result of superior tactics , fighting ability and mat\u00e9riel . 
  whilst war should not be celebrated or glorified , to say that the sacrifices made by australia and nz during wwi were a pointless is not only massively disrespectful to our ancestors , but not even what most informed opinion believes in our day and age . 
  i think the view you just expressed is a fairly common misconception amongst those who have no real understanding of the circumstances that lead up to the first world war ; however , it is not a view that holds much sway amongst historians who have recently conducted a massive amount of review and discussion the war , its origins , outcomes and consequences . 
  last year , for centenary of the start of wwi this question came up a lot and a lot of books were released , many of which are very interesting and readable . 
  i would advise you to read at least one of them before stating such dismissive opinions without any subtly or apparent understanding of what a german victory would have meant then . 
  australia and nz may not have been immediately affected by the war in europe , but a british defeat would have had significant consequences , the severity of which have been lost in the facile late 20th century reading of the war as a only tragic waste and nothing else . 
  even the gallipoli campaign had some positive outcomes within the context of wwi in the massive damage it did to the ottoman army , which combined with the forces they kept garrisoning the peninsula with for the remainder of the war greatly reduced the strength of their forces for later battles such as beersheeba and megiddo where the anzac corps sounded the death knell of the ottoman empire with conclusive victories . 
  this is not to brush aside the horror and waste involved , but it is not as black and white as you make out . 
  my own understanding was certainly incomplete until i read on the subject so please , if you have sufficient interest to read a few hundred page history , pick one up . 
  to get you started i would always recommend max hastings 's history books , and although his `` apocalypse '' only covers the first year it does go into a lot of detail about the politics . 
  [ niall ferguson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/niall_ferguson ) is a very interesting historian who puts all of the century 's conflicts into context for a more holistic view . 
  both also have shorter pieces freely available online too if you do n't feel like reading a 500 + page tome . 
  as a western australian , have you guys heard much about the mining industry downturn in my state from nz ? 
  specifically do you know if fewer kiwis are planning to move here as a result or if any are planning on heading back to nz even ? 
  just interested if the word about jobs and etc over here is affecting people 's plans . 
  so many have moved here in the past decade for the mines that i 'm wondering if current circumstances are causing any ripples . 
  i 'm coming back to nz for a couple of weeks next easter btw , love your country !, 
  the utility of this class of vessel is well understood and has been heavily discussed recently ; look at the jnsdf 's latest `` destroyer '' class , australia 's `` canberra '' class and the reevaluation of the usn 's `` gator navy '' lhds ' role . 
  i 'm sure finding a buyer wo n't be too hard !, 
  an interesting proposal from earlier in this saga was , imo , the idea of the ship being bought by nato and operated on the same basis as other shared assets such as the awacs and etc. 
  that would supply the alliance with a very useful capability its smaller members could not afford to fund by themselves and there are , as i briefly mentioned above do , many precedents for such shared assets within nato . 
  another classic use is in sead/dead going back to rolling thunder over nvn when the wild weasels would either carry cbus or operate in hunter/killer teams with cbu armed f-4s accompanying the -105 s to actually destroy the sam/aaa sites . 
  the weasels main effect was to take search radars out by destroying them or making them switch off with shrike or standard missile launches , but the cbus were very effective at taking out the launchers and missiles , the surrounding flak sites as well as killing the crews or at least keeping their heads down !, 
  efforts later in the war when heavier anti-mat\u00e9riel cbu munitions were available were more successful than the initial use of cbu-24 anti-personnel ordnance was , but even the cbu-24s were very effective . 
  this is one instance where the time-delayed detonation function was also deliberately used to great effect as it interrupted efforts to bring the site back into action for some time afterwards . 
  in light of the current discussions between france and russia regarding the future of the * mistral * class lhd currently under construction in france and the recent post regarding the future of usn supercarriers , but also the general interest in this class of ship , this janes ihs 360 article is both timely for this subreddit and interesting in and of itself . 
  models at trade shows often presage chinese military capabilities and this article discusses a recently displayed model of a new chinese design of lhd in the 40,000 ton class . 
  never heard of a `` rainbow of violence '' before !, 
  i thought what had been proposed previously was more along the lines of the [ nato strategic air consortium c-17a fleet ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/topics_50105.htm ) or the [ aew&cf e-3a component ] ( http://www.e3a.nato.int/ ) ? 
  these shared equipment initiatives are long-standing and i do not believe that a ship would be * that * different in terms of its operation than would the aviation and other shared assets . 
  nato does of course already have a [ naval command structure ] ( http://www.sfn.nato.int/ ) which could absorb such a ship and coordinate its operations with those of britain 's , france 's , italy 's and spain 's lhd ; however , i do n't believe the proposal was an official one and obviously there would be cost issues to be faced . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  it 's obviously huge in the news here , but tbh , the impact seems a greater on confidence than anything other than mine construction ( other than the couple of mines that have actually closed of course ! ) . 
  was just wondering how far the ripples had spread . 
  good on them for going back . 
  it 's not good for a society to have so many people leave and never return . 
  hopefully the economy in nz has also picked up a bit from when they left as well as slowing down here too !, 
  there was a lot of talk of economic migration , not least amongst the kiwis you 'd talk to over here ( at least i * think * that 's what they were saying , although it is a phrase with numerous vowels so i could never be quite sure - jk ) , due to few opportunities in nz a few years back ... 
  if it 's just summing up sugars consumed that is easy - a single formula applied to all rows in a column . 
  same thing for total insulin . 
  if you have an equation for sugars vs insulin that just goes in a single cell . 
  of course if none of those words made any sense to you it might be a little harder , but that 's basically it ... 
  a lot of haredim are actually anti-zionist full stop as they dislike modern zionism 's secular focus . 
  specifically , some haredim belong to groups like the satmar who are anti-zionist whilst another group formed the [ neturei karta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neturei_karta ) even earlier , during the time of mandate palestine to oppose political zionism , believing :, 
   that because of their sins , the jewish people went into exile from the land of israel ( `` umipnei chatoeinu golinu meiartzeinu '' ) . 
  additionally , they maintain the view -- based on the babylonian talmud -- that any form of forceful recapture of the land of israel is a violation of divine will . 
  they believe that the restoration of the land of israel to the jews should only happen with the coming of the messiah , not by self-determination . 
   neturei karta believes that the exile of the jews can only end with the arrival of the messiah , and that human attempts to establish jewish sovereignty over the land of israel are sinful . 
  in neturei karta 's view , zionism is a presumptuous affront against god, 
  edit : cleared up my phrasing, 
  i 'm a gentile too , i just find the entire region and its politics fascinating !, 
  actually no , they attack the forces fighting isis and provide medical aid to ~ ~ isis 's ally , ~ ~ other salafist extremist terrorist group al-nusrah when they 're wounded battling anti-isis forces . 
  not to help isis deliberately of course , that 's just an unintended side effect . 
  edit : al-nusra it turns out are no longer allied with isis , merely aq . 
  it 's interesting to note how many downvotes this has gathered from people who clearly ca n't handle simple statements of fact - idf bombing of shia fighters * does * aid isis as their main opposition on the ground is those very same shia fighters !, 
  no tin-foil hats ( hurr durr ... ) about it - nowhere do i say that that is the idf 's intent , motivation or policy , just an indisputable fact of the situation , as my comment clearly states !, 
  i will say this though : it may not be the intent , but it is a very predictable outcome ... is that where the defensiveness comes from ? 
  er , it 's loc ** o ** motive . 
  let 's just say you do n't know about trains , ok ? 
  lucky break , literally ... 
  or get out the pitchforks . 
  your choice . 
  i said helping isis was an unintended side effect of their action , not what they set out to do . 
  read my first comment - the one you replied to . 
  i literally said, 
   not to help isis deliberately of course , that 's just an unintended side effect . 
  having read about it , it would seem al-nusra and isis are no longer allied ; however , the same forces in syria are still fighting both of them and it is those forces that israel seeks to degrade . 
  how are al-nusra the least fucked up of the parties involved when they are an al-queda offshoot ? 
  surely the kurds are the least fucked up - actually i 'd go further and say the best ? 
  after that it depends on your pov , but none of the shiites want to form a global caliphate at least !, 
  i 'm aware of that already - i was just replying to your post . 
  yeah , i do n't think the kurds are keen to stray outside kurdistan either . 
  al nusra do seem to be primarily intent on the conflict in syria rather than any global aims ; however , they are a salfist ( or maybe wahhabi - i ca n't always distinguish between the two , though they 're not the same thing ) al-queda subbranch and would also like to see a caliphate in the same way that isis would . 
  the article i just read to confirm their split with isis mentioned somebody saying that the next war will probably be between the secular fsa elements and the islamists ( if the current government is eventually overthrown and al-asad deposed ... ) ; i think in that case the secular side is probably in everybody 's best interests ... 
  well i admitted al-nusra and isis are n't allies , but they still both fight the same shiites as well as each other and by healing fighters who are also fighting against the same people who provide the main opposition to isis within syria the idf also indirectly supports isis .
