  it implies multiple generations , perhaps hundreds of years ( as you admit ) , not thousands . 
  i 'm going to ignore your first two possible interpretations for the reasons you discount them . 
  as far as the third goes all i 'm saying is that it is very likely modern palestinians ' ancestry * includes * ancient philistine bloodlines . 
  maybe only infinitesimally , but it 's very , very likely there . 
  the jews abrogated their connection to the land . 
  they may have always existed as a nebulous nationality , but their connection to biblical israel has been lost for ** 2000 ** years !, 
  meanwhile others have always lived there . 
  if your going to define the jewish claim in biblical terms why not go just a tiny bit further and move all the israelis to egypt to work for pharoah again ? 
  all this stuff is hypothetical and ultimately meaningless in real terms . 
  the facts are israel exists and the palestinians live ( as best they can ) in the west bank and gaza . 
  both groups will always exist unless something truly horrific occurs ; for them both to prosper an accommodation must be reached and for that to happen a viable two state solution is necessary . 
  the world - as this article and recent us govt . 
  actions clearly demonstrate - have lost patience with the prevarications , provocations and dissimulations of the likes of netanyahu and are getting ready to directly intervene at last . 
  that is not semantics ; that is reality . 
  i read the whole series straight through . 
  when i finished one mum would buy me the next and i loved them so much i just raced through them all . 
  i was a bit old for the movies when they came out , but i still read with the passion and enjoyment i learned from the chronicles of narnia . 
  i was referring to a millennial connection for the palestinians . 
  the jewish connection is well known , accepted and documented fact , but as i 've said they abrogated their connection 2000 years ago . 
  i disagree with the validity of the national claim due to the immense span of time that it was interrupted for , but i 'll concede the point because it does n't interest me to the extent it clearly does you . 
  i was n't saying that jews are less levantine due to the admixture per se and since you are n't saying the palestinians have no right to a nation it 's all moot from my pov anyway . 
  if we both agree both states deserve to exist , from my perspective , we have no real disagreement . 
  no doubt your interest and passion surrounding the national claim gives you a greater level of insight than my own so my conceding the point is n't just a dismissal of your arguments . 
  it 's been enjoyable discussing this on this sub with somebody who is well informed and able to engage is reasoned discussion . 
  have a great weekend . 
  that belief was not shared i 'm sorry . 
  if everyone can return to their ancestral homeland , where does it end ? 
  can the anglo-saxon english take germany ? 
  what about the greeks moving back into istanbul/constantinople ? 
  obviously not , it 's ridiculous . 
  as i 've said if you agree that a viable two-state solution is the way forward we have no argument . 
  this is getting tedious , you reiterating the exact same points with subtly different phrasing for paragraph after paragraph ad nauseum ... we 're never going to agree entirely so i 'm stopping here . 
  good talk . 
  the necessity for a two-state solution is exactly what i 'm arguing for . 
  it 's my whole point, 
  you 're trying to be clever and mask your own bigotry by playing word games and shamming outrage ... israeli arab citizens are one things , but palestinians from the occupied territories are people too who suffer the difficulties i detailed . 
  surely they should fall under your self-righteous definition of what 's disgusting , yet you ignore them and try to divert by talking about israeli arabs ... 
  if you do n't realise the logical fallacies in your argument you either have n't really thought out your position , are brainwashed or a troll . 
  anyway i 'm done with your facile arguments . 
  reply however you want , i 'm tired and i 'm going to bed entirely unconvinced by anything you 've said . 
  the deaths of over 2000 civilians in the latest gaza incursion is a very , very well documented fact . 
  nice ad hominem attack , very subtly phrased , but where do you get * your * `` facts '' from ? 
  not the same place as the entire rest of the world . 
  if there was a palestinian state , whose to say jews would n't be allowed to live there by the palestinian government ? 
  the fallacies arise from the fact israeli actions in the occupied territories are as much israeli actions as those carried out within israel 's borders . 
  i have pointed out that palestinians who are not israeli citizens face * severe * restrictions on where they are allowed to go , with everything from individual road to whole areas blocked off to them . 
  there 's a massive , 3m high wall encircling the west bank , separating parts of it from itself and * you 're * getting self-righteous because a putative , future palestinian state * might * restrict jewish access ? 
  wtf ? 
  logical fallacy clearly spelled out . 
  can you see it now ? 
  edit : talking about the rights of non-israeli citizen arabs to exist or even travel within the occupied territories and/or israel is * not * changing the subject . 
  we 're discussing - at your insistence - the rights and wrongs of people 's access to land being restricted by ethnicity . 
  in that case how palestinian arabs in the occupied territories are allowed to behave is entirely pertinent !, 
  what he was saying that both incidents are essentially attacks on the sovereignty of the iranian people and that they , quite understandably , responded to both with ire . 
  you 're just twisting his words to construct a strawman argument about american exceptionalism to try to divert the discussion . 
  the revolution was a reaction to the horrors of the shah 's reign . 
  anger at america was a natural response to the reinstallation of the shah following the cia executed removal of mossadeq . 
  the british may have instigated it , but the americans actually did it . 
  mossadeq enjoyed huge support within iran and any instability under his government was caused by foreign provocateurs . 
  this history drove the initial positing of america as the enemy during the revolution ; the fact that america then supported saddam during his assault on the islamic republic then reinforced their - justified at the time - perception that the usa was a meddling enemy . 
  any moves by either side to ratchet down this mutual antipathy should be encouraged and applauded . 
  [ justin bieber apparently ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2zuntv/til_that_justin_bieber_is_the_fifth_most_hated/ ), 
  it 's from never having performed cunnilingus . 
  there is a cure , but not one available to you with a tongue like that ... 
  again , fundamentally we 're in agreement here . 
  i 'm not going to argue with anything in your comment above , in fact i think we 've been talking at cross-purposes throughout this conversation . 
  as i 've said repeatedly i would like to see a two-state solution whereby both arabs and jews can peacefully and prosperously coexist ; it seems you share that vision . 
  the rest of the argument is kind of irrelevant if that salient point is agreed upon , to me at least . 
  i 'd give that nessie tree-fiddy . 
  too cute to refuse !, 
  damn , it 's dangerous to have girls * that * hot loose in the wild - someone needs to lock her up !, 
  like a little fluffy bear !, 
  she needs to learn to love vegemite instead . 
  you could discuss the post-ww2 events in the middle east and the fallout that lasts to this day as a result from decisions made under the pressure of realpolitik concerns during ww2 . 
  why do n't you like eating poop ? 
  some people called coprophiliacs do . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is people have different tastes . 
  sometimes it 's cultural ( they may come from a culture that does n't eat seafood ) , it may derive from an unpleasant experience ( rotten seafood made them sick ) , but more often they just dislike the smell , taste or texture . 
  it 's just personal preference . 
  i love seafood , but not poop ; however i can understand why some people do n't like seafood - i do n't like it when it 's old and too `` fishy '' smelling/tasting and i guess some people just have different thresholds for that kind of thing . 
  i do n't get the liking poop thing at all though . 
  you twisted my words to make a strawman argument about ethnicity surrounding the issue of the creation of a viable state . 
  it 's a disingenuous , hypocritical effort to derail my original point and indeed the issue at hand from the article . 
  i was talking about the creation of a palestinian state ; you began your nitpicking , self-righteous descent into semantics and foolishly i replied ... 
  as you admit there 's no difference they should be allowed free access throughout the west bank certainly , but also israel . 
  citizenship is an arbitrary difference that is derived from where their family comes from within palestine/israel , whether they fled/were forced to seek refuge during the naqba and where they were when israel invaded in ' 67 . 
  discrimination is still discrimination whether based on ethnicity or a piece of paper . 
  the relevance of my point is that you are saying there should be no palestinian state because that would mean it was exclusively for one ethnicity and that 's wrong ; i 'm saying that 's not necessarily the case . 
  there is no * tenet * of international law , you are right ; however , there are numerous international agreements and treaties . 
  again you rely on semantics to obfuscate and diminish the real topic under discussion . 
  not in uk . 
  books have never had vat ( sales tax equivalent ) applied . 
  i 'm not sure why books do n't enjoy the same exemption though ... 
  you continue to argue * your * points ignoring mine . 
  i have always been talking about the creation of a palestinian state ; you introduced the frankly bizarre concept of `` genetic rights '' that you keep harping on about : that is the strawman . 
  perhaps you did n't like my phrasing , but more likely you are deliberately trying to divert the discussion as i suggested before . 
  i am advocating for the creation of a palestinian state as outlined in multiple agreements to which israel is a party from the '49 armistice to the oslo accords . 
  it seems that your personal policy is to ignore these , mirroring that of likud ; however , arguing as i am from the perspective of the international community ( eg the eu as per the article you 're trying so hard to distance discussion from and the us as well as the entire un ) i do consider these to be legitimate agreements . 
  they may not specify the exact boundaries of the palestinian state so what i am saying is let the traditional inhabitants retain their lands rather than illegal settlers who - disgustingly in your own terms - regularly refuse palestinians access to areas the settlers have illegally annexed based on the arabs ' ethnicity . 
  your definition of legal may be that of the israeli `` justice '' system ; mine is the geneva convention iv , another agreement that israel * is * party to !,
