  why should they ? 
  they can just do what they 've done and dig their heels in , fight their oppressors and gain more and more sympathy whilst israel gather more and more odium till a tipping point is reached and the world seriously intervenes . 
  compromise for mutual benefit is surely the answer , but you wo n't accept that the palestinians have the right to expect more than is currently on the table . 
  i do n't know every minor detail of the history of israel . 
  i do know a lot more than many western observers and i know what `` intuitively '' , morally seems fair . 
  the status quo is n't that and israel 's paranoia and persecution complex is n't an objective justification for perpetuation of that status quo . 
  do n't try to patronise me . 
  you say i am as biased as you are , yet it is you who just wo n't budge a millimetre and admit the palestinians have rights equal to those of the israelis . 
  how is that not racist and bigoted ? 
  i 'm not saying there has to be the right of return or '67 or '48 borders , although were i palestinian i would want those things . 
  israel needs to accept as well that the current stalemate does n't benefit them and the longer it 's drawn out the less it will . 
  world opinion does matter , whether they care or not . 
  this thread is full of ( no doubt justified ) expressions of dismay at the current economic conditions in israel . 
  how much worse will that get when the eu enacts sanctions ? 
  how much harder will it be for israel to maintain its position as more and more countries follow sweden and ireland into formally establishing diplomatic relations with palestine ? 
  i do n't know where the balance between palestinian aspirations , israeli politics and global realpolitik lies , but i believe it would be in israel 's interest to seek that point in good faith before the situation evolves in ways we ca n't yet imagine . 
  right now israel is in a position of power , that may not always be the case . 
  surely it 's better to reach an accord from that position where israel can retain control ? 
  i 've had enough of this discussion . 
  we 'll never agree more than we have so far . 
  i may not be reasonable in your eyes , but you ca n't say i 'm an anti-zionist or an anti-semite . 
  i know from the conversations i 've had and the media i consume that i represent the views of the majority in the west who feel increasing disquiet at the situation as it stands . 
  eventually israel will feel the effects of that disquiet and even though it may not be reasonable or fair at that point i think the palestinians will benefit more than israel ... 
  then what ? 
  the samson option ? 
  the british left before the arabs attacked because they were being attacked by jewish ( pre-israeli ) terrorist groups such as [ the stern gang , irgun and haggahah ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/zionist_political_violence ) - why should they have stayed and suffered deaths at the hands of those groups , who also killed [ count bernadotte ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/folke_bernadotte ) who saved 30,000 jews during ww2 and was in palestine to help negotiate a solution ? 
  it was british political support that initially allowed enough jewish settlers to gain the critical mass that eventually forced the un 's hand ; yes , they attempted to slow immigration as tensions rose with the arabs , but what were they supposed to do ? 
  i do n't dispute the right of israel to have been formed , let alone exist now , but the british really were in an invidious position at that point in time . 
  the europeans were always part of the un who eventually established the legal framework for the establishment of israel - how is that doing nothing to help ? 
  the history of oppression of the jews in europe is horrific , but not uniform through time or the continent - it was certainly worse the further east they were !, 
  it was n't nearly as dangerous in britain or france as in the tsar 's domains ... 
  britain had jewish prime ministers , there were many rich jewish families - industrialists and merchants - in western europe and no ghettoes west of italy . 
  it is n't as black and white as you make out . 
  here we go - i 'm going to bookmark this false accusation of anti-semitism for threads like yesterday 's where people say it does n't happen !, 
  i 'm no anti-semite . 
  how is a recounting of history anti-semitic ? 
  i never said anything hateful towards jewish people , merely defended the british . 
  it 's not propaganda if it 's true ... 
  how nice of the state to apologise , shame he was n't around to receive it !, 
  you are just reading what you want into my comments . 
  i never denied that jews were oppressed , i merely stated that they had had positive interactions in europe . 
  surely if all their experiences were as horrific as the worst excesses they would have fled or ceased to exist either by way of conversion to christianity or by being murdered ? 
  not all westerners hate jews or israel is the point i was trying to make !, 
  turning that statement into anti-semitism smacks of paranoia and is typical of the type of hysterical false accusations of anti-semitism under discussion yesterday . 
  saying that pointing out not all european-jewish interaction has been discriminatory is racism is delusional ... 
  ok so imo concessions should , in all fairness , include exchanging refusal of the right of return for the removal of all settlers/settlements in the west bank . 
  in return for the acceptance of no self-defence force all other restrictions on the lives , society and legal activities of palestinians should be removed . 
  both sides should accept the right of the other to exist in perpetuity under a two-state system . 
  you literally told me to read what i had written and ask myself if i was n't just as or even more biased than you . 
  not allowing the palestinians all freedoms and legal activities without restriction that any other state enjoys , bar a self-defence force , you are denying their equality with israelis , you do n't need to * say * it . 
  i was n't thinking of military intervention , merely economic sanctions and accompanying robust intervention in the negotiations . 
  sanctions were mooted by the eu last year - remember how likud responded by threatening europe ? 
  these would further damage israel 's economy , quite possibly catastrophically given its already parlous state . 
  other actions that could follow on from the recognition of a palestinian state would include legal actions against israel . 
  this would put pressure on the us where such egregious behaviour as netanyahu 's recent speech has already ensured the alienation of the centre and left , leaving only the hard right/christian right and jewish population to shore up congressional support for israel . 
  the samson option reference was rhetoric , not a serious point . 
  i do n't believe in it either - it 's like something from a bad novel . 
  now i really have had enough of this entire thread . 
  i 'll read your inevitable reply , but this my final comment ( so you can go nuts , say whatever you like ! ), 
  you have n't accused me of being anti-semitic or anti-zionist ( because i 'm quite clearly not ! ), 
  so i should n't have brought that up with you . 
  i apologise for that . 
  you 're the one putting israel on an equal moral footing with north korea , china , iran , pakistan , russia and etc. 
  just saying ... 
  i know i do n't hate jews . 
  i have jewish friends and business associates whom i like and respect . 
  as i have already stated itt i embrace jewish culture to the point of literally being a bagel eating motherfucker just like you . 
  i 'm australian of british descent , not european per se - perhaps that 's the essential difference ? 
  i 'll save your comment too , thx for example of false accusation !, 
  ok , i admit the bagel joke was n't funny ... 
  i 'll take that risk ; let 's see who gets the up/down votes in this court of public opinion ... 
  will it be the so-called bigot or the paranoid delusional fanatic ? 
  speaking of which * nobody * has answered my question about your ( individual , collective if possible ) view on the human rights of palestinians ... 
  ok , i 've finished doing my irl stuff ; if you 'd like to reply to my previous comment i can play again now ... 
  i guess i 'll get upvoted because everyone 's an anti-semite , is n't that right ? 
  we * all * hate jews and want to destroy israel ... 
  all those guys should become cops , they 're sure qualified !, 
  does n't judaism self-identify very strongly as a religion that values greatly complete observance of the law , with the submission of individual will to adherence to that law being a central tenet of the religion and therefore the culture ? 
  surely then judaism is thus intrinsically authoritarian and as a jewish ( albeit secular , democratistic ) society and state israel is inherently , unavoidably authoritarian in nature ? 
  this is n't a criticism , just an observation ( the whole position that israel is fascistic i mean ... ) . 
  imo there is no way that israel is literally a fascist state nor even that it is in and of itself inherently fascistic even ; however , with the current government and political environment it is - to a certain degree , the extent of which we would almost certainly always disagree !, 
  - * fascistic * at this point in time . 
  this is hard to phrase , but put simply : please , please note i really do not see israel as a fascist state !, 
  i must admit i feel uncomfortable making this point , but feel i have to . 
  here goes : i would never attempt to argue something that i not only see as ridiculous , but is also , imo , unpleasantly close to vile anti-semitic bullshit that i am loathe to even come close to expressing !, 
  the point about judaic adherence to the law is something that we 're i jewish i would be proud of ; it 's part of the religious tradition and a cornerstone of a strong moral life !, 
  i know it must be hard to emotionally detach yourself from the * word * , but if you are able to i think you will see my point even if you do n't agree entirely ... 
  i feel you 're still being a bit patronising and perhaps a little more smug about israel 's position in the world than you might were you less biased by your nationality and ethnicity in combination - you yourself said that circumstances can change in unforeseeable ways quite quickly , but nonetheless i have enjoyed the talk . 
  whilst biased you are not a fanatic and seem very reasonable all things considered . 
  i 'm sure on many other topics we could find common ground really quite easily !, 
  why do n't you try to stop proselytising ( at least for long enough to get your knickers out that awful twist they 're in ) and accept that undisputed history is not propaganda ? 
  you might also acknowledge that stating not all europeans hate jews and that not all european/jewish interactions have been horrific is not anti-semitic ... 
  i think you should take a moment to consider that unfair allegations of anti-semitism are not only profoundly unpleasant , but very much self-defeating ( as they take away the term 's power like an overused swear word ... ) too ... 
  edit : spellink, 
  taking it in the arse is called greek in america too , is n't it ? 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  it is , is n't it ? 
  we do n't have fraternities in australia so i am genuinely asking . 
  is n't that why it 's called greek life ? 
  at least answer my question even if you 're going to downvote me would you ?
