  it 's the us government that needs to be pressured really , the israeli strategy of creeping annexation is very apparent by now , and working well . 
  the majority of israelis support this , as many polls have shown , so even if netanyahu 's gang are voted out , the next coalition wo n't reverse shit . 
  in their minds they 're winning , why change now ? 
  only external pressure will have any meaningful effect . 
  one israeli girl is a tragedy , but hundreds of palestinian kids just a statistic ... 
  no , that was just a little joke such as we aussies like to tell about our antipodean smaller sibling . 
  actually , what really happens when kiwis come here is * they * rob * us * in one of two ways . 
  1 ) they come over here to `` work '' , only to sit around drinking piss , smoking pot and living off their aussie girlfriend 's dole money, 
  2 ) they join a bikie gang and run amok until they get arrested and deported . 
  a little from column a , a little from columns b & c. . . 
  as you say it does n't matter , it is all the exact same shit they spout . 
  ooh now i 'm triggered . 
  next i suppose you 're going to claim a dingo ate my baby ? 
  sure , if you like i can keep the kiwi jokes coming all day long . 
  temperatures are the absolute worst to try to convert mentally - at least it 's easy to swap between weights , lengths , distances and etc with a direct multiplication . 
  temperatures are way harder and i do n't give a stuff what the americans say - boiling and freezing point of water is waaaay less arbitrary than the temperature pizza cooks on the moon and how warm they like their baths or whatever it is fahrenheit uses ... 
  edit : just wanted to ask if my getting enjoyment from the yank op coming through and downvoting everyone is wrong ? 
  anyway , u/totesmessengerbot , i must say i love your work !, 
  bloody politicians and strippers are impossible to keep away from each other , are n't they ? 
  who said sugar 's bad for you ? 
  if * homeopaths * make medicine from it , why then it * must * be healthy !, 
  throw it through a police station window and see which side they shoot . 
  uh-huh , so these pills stop obesity and diabetes ? 
  ^ ( well i think celsius makes more sense , and it relates back to kelvin which is the inarguable standard , but sure if you think fahrenheit 's better that 's your prerogative ), 
  me too , by shakira 's hips . 
  and , er , why the russian team ^ did ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ right ^ ^ ^ ^ guys ... 
  nice one , had n't seen that before . 
  it 's important people know about droppies , i hate those bloody idiots who try to make out that they 're some kind of joke we play on tourists . 
  mate , you wo n't laughing if one of those buggers comes plummeting down on your head , i can tell you that for free . 
  although not given the correct modex , this skyraider has been marked up in the colours of va-176 during their cruise on the uss intrepid in which the squadron shot down at least one vnaf mig-17 fresco . 
   while flying a rescap mission over north vietnam from the carrier uss intrepid on yankee station in the tonkin gulf , four a-1 skyraider pilots were engaged by four north vietnamese mig-17s . 
  during this encounter , one mig 17 was confirmed downed , another was probably downed , and a third was damaged . 
  [ source here , the story is interesting , and worth a quick read imo ] ( http://skyraider.org/skyassn/sartapes/migkill/migkill.htm ) . 
  there is also a picture of the actual aircraft and pilots involved , although i chose this because of photo quality and out of respect for the job done on restoring and maintaining this amazing old warbird in flying condition . 
  articles about spad mig-17 kills during the vietnam war may also be read [ here ] ( https://theaviationist.com/2015/01/14/the-most-unusual-mig-killer-the-skyraider-air-to-air-victories-on-north-vietnamese-mig-17s/ ) or [ here ] ( http://vnafmamn.com/skyraider_vs_mig17.html ) ( the first discussing all such kills , the second an engagement by va-25 fist of the fleet in ' 65 ) . 
  one of the greatest imo . 
  unvaccinated kids ? 
  let 's all chip in to buy them the old [ jonestown place ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jonestown ) ; it sounds * perfect * for them . 
  we should even fund koolaid for the parents ... 
  i was trying to figure out exactly what they were , and `` restarted-fall bombs '' sounded , er , dumb . 
  the fins when closed look like snakeyes , so cheers for the fyi . 
  was n't actually aware of the airs ( about which i shall now go off and learn ) . 
  how many kilojoules is that ? 
  air brake i think . 
  there 's a whole set of these shots , some angles it 's much clearer . 
  you 're doing god 's work mate . 
  never let the fosters slur go unchallenged . 
  she 's more than welcome to tickle * my * funny bone . 
  angeli by name , angelic by nature . 
  ( well , facial structure and legs at least , but i 'm willing to take a punt on everything else about her too . ), 
  good thinking in there - keep propping up the car industry which could n't support itself * and * pooh-pooh the need to replace ships in the fleet as a sop to industry , or was that the workers of sa ? 
  i do n't necessarily agree with splitting the portfolios , but defence procurement is incredibly complex and mismanaged by more countries than get it right , so perhaps it 's not such a bad idea to try . 
  as soon as it ever gets near as messy as that article 's analysis though it 'll be time to merge two ministries back into one ... 
  this could make for a fun game . 
  a bit off topic , but does anyone else see a closer resemblance to a c-141a starlifter than a c-17 globemaster iii in that front-quarter picture of the y-20 half-way down the page ( link to a story about the y-20 ) ? 
  there 's a few new seaplanes of a decent size being built in russia and japan , but this thing is pretty impressive . 
  i wonder if an unannounced , but planned use is asw as well as sar & water-bombing ? 
  the plan is not the best at asw from most accounts and asw is a role their last seaplane , the [ harbin sh-5 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harbin_sh-5 ) also performed . 
  yes , it 's definitely in the shoulders and nacelles . 
  the length thing is why i specifically mentioned the c-141a - a model starlifters were considerably shorter than b models which had a long extra fuselage section inserted ( into existing a model airframes ) after it was found out they could lift considerably more weight than they had room for within the fuselage . 
  a [ comparison picture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:c-141a_c-141b_comparison.jpeg ) shows this extension very clearly , and also imo highlights the similarity to the y-20 . 
  yeah , coz bob did such a * great * job with peaches ( rip ) . 
  is more chaos than rush hour moskva road with only one bottle vodichka ... 
  i 'm guessing the `` multiple wrongs * do * make a right '' principle is a cornerstone of the israeli `` legal '' system which has replaced the `` innocent till proven guilty '' we in the west are so used to . 
  as we all have been told time and time again , israeli law is predominant over international law , so while repeating the crimes of other nations obviously does not clear the other nations ' guilt , it does unequivocally establish that israel may , in fact , do whatever it pleases and do so quite legally . 
  and besides the bible says it totes cool too , so yeah . 
   platitudes like `` ethnic cleansing '' [ ... ] are meaningless, 
  so the holocaust was cool in your book then , right ? 
  at least your username checks out . 
  timur was n't a descendent of genghis khan , one of his wives was . 
  he did claim descent , but it was solely by way of that marriage . 
  that said , timur was a pretty impressive conqueror in his own right , creating an empire that spanned asia from where asia meet europe in turkey and georgia , to syria and through to china 's borders within his own lifetime . 
  whilst it did contract within a couple of generations of his death , this timurid empire continued on to eventually only finally end over four centuries later when the mughals ( his direct descendents ) lost control of india to the british in the 19th century . 
  the timurids also left some remarkable cultural artefacts in their wake , including the taj mahal ( the epitome of timurid architecture ) ; a remarkably beautiful legacy for a conqueror known for building towers of skulls from the remains of inhabitants of those cities foolish enough to resist his army and choose to fight rather than surrender and be absorbed peacefully . 
  i could do with fewer cards ( or a bigger wallet i suppose ) as i now have so many that some are cracking others in there , and am registered with mygov , finding it very useful for medicare ; however , the thought of a single `` australia card '' still makes me feel irrationally discomfited . 
  it just has a much more blatantly big brother feeling to it , and for that reason alone shall , imo at least , remain unpopular politically for that reason despite any efficiencies or benefits it may offer either the government or the individual . 
  the possible benefits are obvious , but any such legislation would have to be very rigorous and almost constitutionally enshrined to prevent white-anting of the protections it provided by any putative future government with authoritarian tendencies ; such a project would also require almost unimaginable levels of competence in terms of ( it ) systems design , implementation and support . 
  i still think it would be politically untenable , for the foreseeable future at least . 
  deflection and diversion are the nationalistic keyboard warrior 's strongest weapon , as evidenced by the ccp 's online `` 50 cents army '' and its use of those techniques to control criticism instead of attacking the criticism directly . 
   the vast majority of scholars , journalists , activists , and participants in social media have , until now , been convinced that the massive 50 cents party is devoted to engaging in argument that defends the regime , its leaders , and their policies, 
   our evidence indicates the opposite -- that the 50 cents party engages in almost no argument of any kind and is instead devoted primarily to distraction through cheerleading for the state , symbols of the regime , or the revolutionary history of the communist party . 
  [ source : http://www.gizmodo.com.au/2016/05/we-finally-know-what-chinas-propaganda-army-does-online/], 
  you have quite correctly identified a very concerted , high-effort attempt to pull the same kind of trick and dissected it very nicely . 
  here we see distraction through a seemingly endless list of tedious whataboutism and a warped telling of history . 
  the user in question is probably not a troll , a shill or any kind of paid propagandist , but rather an overly-enthusiastic defender of what his warped sense of national morality informs him is right/wrong ; however , that is immaterial . 
  the techniques employed are precisely the same whether they are knowingly used by a master propagandist or some dumb kid on the interwebs who drank a bit too much of that nationalist koolaid ( or absorbed it osmotically in the echo chamber , hothouse conditions of a very vocal , but inwards looking community ) . 
  anyone who has to argue using semantics , moral relativism and whataboutery is , imo , clearly arguing from a standpoint of moral weakness , or why would they not simply state their own case and not reel off turgid streams of `` other examples '' ? 
  their arguments may * sound * reasonable and may even emotively resonate with unaligned readers , but that does n't make them right . 
  the best way to fight this kind of crap is to do exactly what you just did . 
  good job . 
  oh you know , since the treaty of westphalia with its archaic concept of right by conquest was superseded by the geneva convention iv in international law ... 
  i get what you were * trying * so very laboriously to point out ; i just think you 're wrong . 
  the clear difference is nobody is dying over the kurils , or karelia , or ogaden any more , in stark contrast to the daily litany of horrors that streams from the israeli-occupied palestinian lands . 
  this is not virtue signalling ; it my personally held belief ( objectively derived from extensive historical and current affairs reading and other research ) , but one i barely mention outside these threads where somebody is always arguing black is white and might is right ; opinions which discomfit me to the point i feel morally obliged to challenge them , not for the benefit of their proponents ( whose views i accept i can no more change than they can force me to accept their side 's wrongdoings are justified ) , but for others who are as yet less well versed in the conflict than i. 
  i think you will find that the same is true of more of us westerners with our dastardly post-enlightenment , post-wwii morality that we derive from reason and not an ancient book . 
  i am equally critical of others who push other nationalist agendas in these threads ( eg ksa , russia , china , etc. . . ) ; i have no hatred for israel or its people ( i would even count myself a zionist due to my undivided support for israel 's ongoing right to security and self-determination as a place jews may live in peace and safety ) , just some moral discomfort at certain actions of some sections of israeli society and of course the present , disturbingly extreme right-wing regime . 
  as u/ralala has already so eloquently discussed though , what you were * really * trying to do was divert attention from the story : the problem is we all know that settlement expansion is a massive trigger for ongoing tension and violence , no matter whether the specific settlement in question is in the wb , jerusalem or anywhere else de facto suffering illegal annexation and colonisation at the hands of israel 's religious nationalist extremist settler movement and their allies in the knesset , and we wo n't just forget that it is so simply because of some turgid wall of whataboutery . 
  solution architect , designing and leading the development of software systems for engineering applications . 
  it 's fun , and interesting , though at times frustrating and stressful . 
  overall i find it very rewarding and am happy to have kept so much of a technical aspect to my role rather than being funnelled into just pushing paper .
