  i just found op 's comment disturbing due to the implication of delight at gazan deaths it contains . 
  edit : why is this downvoted ? 
  i say i hope israel is not attacked and hamas suck . 
  other than that i say gazan deaths are bad too m ` kay . 
  wtf is offensive in that to anyone in their right mind except hamas ? 
  this people is why allegations of brigading happen !, 
  likud positions itself as a right-wing party and whilst certain policies are fairly centre-right by israeli standards , others - especially its nationalism - are decidedly hard-right . 
  any description one reads of likud begins by stating that likud is a right wing political party . 
  likud must also take some responsibility for who it chose as bedfellows in its coalition government - would you describe ayelet shakedown or ofir akunis as anything other than extreme right wing ? 
  as i believe i have explained to you before i 100 % support israel 's right to self-determination and to exist in safety and prosperity ( meaning i would consider myself a zionist ) , my major issue with israel being that i also extend the support for the same conditions to the palestinian people . 
  unfortunately netanyahu 's government 's policies and his own personal ideology are , imo , one of the major roadblocks preventing the palestinians from enjoying those basic human rights . 
  accordingly i look to netanyahu 's actions rather than his words when i form my personal judgement of the man and his politics and in doing so can not view him as being remotely liberal . 
  edit : ayelet shaked 's surname being written as shakedown is thanks to the wonders of autocorrect ; however , it seems apt so it stays :p, 
  i do not deny the israelis their right to self-defence or consider that to be in any way bad - all i took exception too was op 's glee at netanyahu 's statement promising `` greater force '' than in '14 when world consensus is that the force used then was excessive and overly indiscriminate . 
  of course israel must defend itself ; however , there is no need to promise to double down on the civilian suffering as netanyahu 's statement clearly threatens , let alone gloat over it as op did . 
  deep fried mars bars originated from a [ chippy in scotland ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/deep-fried_mars_bar ) , though americans are remarkably talented when it comes to deep frying . 
  your own source explicitly states that the interpretation of the stele as referring to the house of david is only one of many , many possible interpretations . 
  it is scarcely definitive evidence of anything , especially given that no other evidence exists to support it . 
  unfortunately they wo n't listen to me otherwise i certainly would . 
  i agree with you that hamas are the baddies and need to be militarily defeated if they 're dumb enough to attack , but saying `` nice '' to a promise of indiscriminate violence ( which , given that so many more civilians died than fighters in '14 and netanyahu is promising a more violent response next time , is what his statement amounts to ) seems a bit ghoulish . 
  that 's all . 
  that is the view of a single scholar . 
  scarcely definitive , especially given that no other evidence has ever been found of david despite the immensity of the effort and resources devoted to searching for such evidence by israeli authorities . 
  the british did not write `` der judenstaat '' ; the british did not control palestine during the time of the first or second aaliyahs ; the british did not start the killing between the zionist colonists and the native population ( a russian jewish kibbutz `` security guard '' took first blood between the zionists and the indigenous palestinians ... ) ; the british did not form terrorist gangs to harass , intimidate and murder the local tribes ; the british did not illegally people smuggle boatloads of colonialist immigrants into palestine ; the british did not start a war of aggression in '67 and annex the wb and gaza for israel to occupy ; the british did not begin to colonise and piecemeal annex the wb with illegal colonists in illegal settlements , let alone implement an apartheid regime to oppress the native inhabitants displaced by the illegal settlers ... 
  yes , the british * did * make the balfour declaration and allow more jewish immigration than was politically sustainable for a period , but long before the end of wwii all the british were trying to do was limit the violence from arabs defending their homes and zionist terrorist gangs such as irgun and the stern gang , limit jewish immigration to a manageable rate and gtfo as soon as they decently could . 
  yes , the british played their part in the overall history , but have played no part since ' 47 . 
  perhaps i should have been more explicit originally , but the situation to which i referred as being of * israel 's * ( ** not ** * `` the jews '' * ffs ) creation was the occupation of the palestinian territories , not the creation of israel . 
  [ for the record i support israel 's right to exist , due to many factors including the facts on the ground ( israel now exists , like it or not , with ~ 6,000,000 for the most part innocent , decent people !, 
  ) , empathy for the jewish desire for their own state after the many horrors they have endured over many centuries ( culminating , of course , in the indescribable horror of the holocaust ) and a general respect and sympathy for the jewish nation . ], 
  by `` dragging it out '' i was referring to the israeli ( especially beloved of netanyahu ) apparent strategy of delaying negotiations to allow more time to annex yet more of the wb before borders are set in stone . 
  the second and third paragraphs form a completely unconnected , different point . 
  i am not saying anything about `` the jews '' other than in reference to the israeli narrative that attempts to obfuscate the reality of an oppressed people 's struggle against their much more powerful , ruthless oppressor and turn it into a hate crime !, 
  imo it is absolutely disgusting . 
  claiming that the resistance is motivated purely by anti-semitism rather than natural human self-defence is an extremely cynical , highly disingenuous diversionary tactic of the israeli government , designed to garner sympathy and muddy the waters . 
  the argument goes :, 
   those palestinians do n't want to be treated like human beings and allowed to enjoy peace and freedom on their ancestral lands . 
  no they just hate jews . 
  that 's why they fight . 
  it is of course ridiculous , which is the point i was making . 
  * any * people would face the exact same resistance !, 
  the situation is a tragedy that needs to be resolved . 
  i genuinely respect the rights of israelis to live long and prosper , enjoying self-determination and security ; however , i wish the palestinians could enjoy the same . 
  that 's all . 
  if that makes me an anti-semite then those words truly have lost all meaning after their overuse by israel 's white knights . 
  what my comment was about though was the very visceral disgust i feel seeing pro-israeli commenter 's gloating that peace has just hit another hole in the road . 
  it is the same feeling that blaming the palestinians ' attitudes on anti-semitism engenders . 
  there is an element of anti-semitism present in arab/muslim culture certainly , but it has become much worse since ' 48 , worse again since '67 and is only hardened by israel 's behaviour . 
  the constant cries of `` they only do n't want to live under the heel of the jackboot of a foreign oppressor because they hate jews '' are infuriating because so many uneducated people - particularly in the present climate of post-9 / 11 , gwot , isis , refugee social fear - read it and buy into ( not having a dig here , but as you seem to have ... ) . 
  someone needs to raise a voice saying `` hang on , this is a different way of looking at it '' . 
  it needs to end . 
  too many people are dying and living in terror and misery . 
  unchallenged lies and propaganda only allow the situation to be dragged-out by those on both sides who benefit from it all . 
  hey - you can clearly see they 're working in dangerous environments where people get * hurt * !, 
  not them it seems , but some people ... 
  i know you 're a pretty reasonable guy , we 've talked before , and i do n't think you 're in support of civilians deaths whether israeli or palestinian . 
  i explicitly state israel must defend itself against hamas ; i 'm just saying that threatening to rain more destruction down upon the civilians trapped in the gaza strip is not necessary . 
  the trend in us/nato ordnance has been towards smaller , more accurate munitions designed to cause fewer `` collateral casualties '' . 
  were netanyahu to threaten hamas with more * effective , directed * force - eg air strikes against leaders , fighting positions , weapon launching sites , weapons caches targeted by lasers from persistent intelligence , surveillance , target acquisition and reconnaissance ( istar ) assets ( uavs ) or sof close target reconnaissance ( ctr ) lased 125-250kg sdb/lgb attacks instead of 250-1000kg gps-guided jdams targeted at buildings from a map i would be all for it , but more bombs will only cause more suffering to innocents . 
  my main objection through was to the gloating `` nice '' sentiment ; what kind of person wishes suffering and death upon innocent civilians caught in the crossfire no matter which side they are from ? 
  honestly i do n't think you would . 
  why is it so bad to call someone else out on it ? 
  i must admit my comment was biased and one-sided , but mainly because i was responding to the comment that said , although not in so many words , `` the jews did n't start it , the british did '' . 
  i did make my support for israel 's existence clear i hope too . 
  i would like to insist on the distinction that `` the jews '' did nothing ; it was rather the zionists then israelis . 
  there is a difference between the two , and the wrong term has a massive effect on the message conveyed . 
  i freely acknowledge the faults of the palestinians throughout this dreadful saga and could list them too . 
  i sha n't write another essay , but suffice to say - as a few examples - as well as irgun and the stern gang terrorist groups , the zionist self-defence force hagganah was necessary and existed to protect jewish communities from the palestinians ' equivalents of the zionist terrorists , it was the surrounding arab states ( egypt , syria , jordan , iraq , ksa , lebanon ) who started all of the wars except '67 and israel has certainly demonstrated some laudable social policies for its citizens , certainly much , much more so than most muslim states !, 
  however , it can not be argued that the palestinians would not be better off has zionism not achieved its goals ... 
  of course , on the other hand , since then their egregious suffering can not be laid solely at israel 's feet - the other arabs have treated them dreadfully and as the aphorism goes they have never missed an opportunity to miss an opportunity !, 
  the main thing should not be apportioning blame and it truly is disturbing seeing people taking pleasure in problems in the peace process . 
  ending the deaths and suffering on both sides should be everyone 's goal , which is what my op 's point was . 
  i am not trying to buy into the typical r/worldnews dichotomy of `` x good !, 
  y bad ! '', 
  where x and y are either israel or palestine depending on your viewpoint , but in fact railing against that mentality . 
  both sides have rightful claims and shameful incidents to their names , but what matters now is moving past that to achieve peace . 
  at least that 's what i feel . 
  i hope i have gone someway to correcting the bias you referred to . 
  i honestly was replying to a comment , not stating a manifesto . 
  i personally would like to see both israel and palestine independent , wealthy and strong ; coexisting as good neighbours in peace and amity . 
  he he , no worries . 
  hamas certainly carry a massive burden of guilt for their utter disregard for humanity - obviously jewish people , but even their own families . 
  their tactics are awful and make the idf 's already hard task ( fighting in built up areas - fibua - aka urban street fighting and etc ) even harder , which is of course the point of the tactic . 
  it 's disturbing to us to the point it 's terrifying because it 's so * utterly * alien to our modern ( post-enlightenment ) , humanist culture ( i 'm in australia - i guess you 're in the states or israel so at that level of intrinsic cultural values our cultures are the same , even if we use different words for fried potatoes or whatever ! ), 
  which makes us all - even pro-palestinian-state individuals like me - fucking hate hamas even more which harms them , though arguably less than the civilian deaths harm israel ( in the court of world opinion , which is inexorably leading to diplomatic pressure - so much already this year ! ), 
  as well as in terms of how much gazans * hate * israel , so to hamas the sums add up . 
  to truly beat hamas i believe israel will have to kill them surgically . 
  it will risk being terribly costly - both in blood and treasure - and wo n't be quick , but i think it 's the way to defeat them decisively both militarily and politically . 
  they can always recover from military defeat , but never from political . 
  i do not think hamas and therefore gaza can be included in a settlement with the wb . 
  the pa can at least be worked with . 
  they may have their own vileness , but they are not bloody hamas by a long shot . 
  resolving the wb without gaza is obviously morally , politically and practically not and ideal or easy option , but may be the only pragmatic solution , for now . 
  were that to happen and the gazans see that peace is possible hamas will lose some of their grip . 
  were they to fight israel to gain political advantage from conflict as so many leaders do and get their arses whipped with as close to zero civilian casualties as possible that should surely allow the pa to take over or another new government be installed . 
  of course that would require `` boots on the ground '' with the associated risks and casualties ; however , as the anti-isis fight shows and even the history with hamas demonstrates just using air strikes and artillery will not do the job nor will it avoid civilian deaths . 
  were an agreement reached with the pa over the wb could fatah troops even fight for gaza with idf support , as per the kurds fighting isis supported by the anti-isis coalition ? 
  this would not be easy , but is within the capabilities of the idf if they are willing to pay the price and play the game until it 's done . 
  that would surely be a better approach than playing hamas 's game and crushing them ( live on tv ) even though it would take longer , risk more casualties and cost more than just bombing them back to the stone age would ? 
  it would silence so many of israel 's critics - eg me !, 
  honestly , outside the us , so much criticism of israel is * genuinely * not driven by an innate , pathological anti-semitic hatred , but moral outrage over palestine .
