  have they so little empathy for other human beings that they * genuinely believe * their stance is morally justifiable ? 
  why do they have rights they would deny the palestinians ? 
  the world community thinks the same way as i do ; we have grown tired of leaders such as netanyahu and his lies , provocations and prevarications . 
  even the us , who only two weeks ago pro-israeli-right commenters were crowing would * never * act contrary to israeli goals have done just that ( hezbollah and iran being removed from terrorist threat list , iran nuclear deal announcements and progress , open criticism of netanyahu 's position regarding and declaration of intent to intervene in the peace negotiation process , mooting recognition of palestine ... ) whilst the eu is just starting to stir itself over the sanctions it has long mooted ( remember last year when likud threatened the eu last time they began to discuss sanctions and a boycott ? ) . 
  this is the eu 's natural position . 
  remember they have been paying the costs of the pa , relieving the israeli government of the natural financial burden of their illegal occupation , whilst palestine * prepares for statehood * . 
  if netanyahu 's position that there will be no palestinian state continues to remain the status quo how do you think that will effect the eu 's position on that ? 
  the only reason they did n't withdraw that funding following likud 's sabotage of the 2013 talks was to prevent another intifada ; what will happen now ? 
  could you point to a specific page please ? 
  un resolutions may not be international law , but they do carry some weight in the international community . 
  ignoring those that you disagree with is a game many countries , not just israel at all , play ; however , particularly in this context doing so is scarcely productive or conducive to achieving peace . 
  i do n't disagree with you though anyway , especially as you seem to be saying * everything * post - '67 is illegal !, 
  i think we 're on the same page here . 
  ok , agreed . 
  the rest of my comment still holds true though . 
  as i said if you want to return to the legal situation as defined in the '49 armistice we certainly are on the same page , if anything you 're willing to concede far more than i consider realistic . 
  good on you man . 
  how is it a ) racial and b ) disgusting ? 
  they 're just the inhabitants . 
  if the situation were reversed i 'd be arguing for the jewish case . 
  but it 's not . 
  why should * any * group be able to come in and displace the traditional inhabitants of * any * land completely , forcing said inhabitants into becoming impoverished refugees ? 
  by your argument the very concept of israel is disgusting !, 
  i would never argue that , not would any but the most extreme right-wing bigots ... 
  not really - i 'm saying let 's actually determine the borders instead of having israel occupy palestinian territory in the west bank . 
  given the palestinian people are there , inhabiting the land their families have for thousands of years let 's draw the borders as the west bank ( with any necessary land-swaps ) and gaza and get it over with . 
  where did i say you were israeli ? 
  i merely stated that you 've internalised the israeli govt . 
  approved discourse on palestine . 
  your reference to the geneva convention is ridiculous given that israel grossly violates its terms by building settlements in occupied territories and using white phosphorus artillery amongst other violations . 
  your own personal base inhumanity regarding palestinian * people * and lack of empathy is perfectly summed up by your own words, 
   civilian deaths be damned . 
  the israeli media is recognised as being wholly subservient to the political leadership , functioning effectively as the pr arm of the idf . 
  whilst dissenting voices are not banned , they are heavily restricted - for example during the last assault on gaza the israeli human rights organisation b'tselem wished to run a tv advertisement that simply read out the names of children killed in gaza . 
  the israeli broadcasting authority refused to run it ; when the high court was appealed to they refused the appeal . 
  how is it then insulting to be dubious of their openness and independence ? 
  the vision of israel as a freedom loving democracy is very much open to debate ; perhaps within their own borders they are democratic , but certainly not to the slightest extent within the occupied territories that they administer in a manner best described as apartheid in all but name . 
  i do n't pretend hamas is n't there , nor do i support them , but hamas is not what we 're discussing - your last point is a classic whataboutism . 
  in short your comment is a collection of lies , half-truths and attempted misdirection backed up by cynical appeals to disingenuously self-righteous `` indignation '' and mired in vile bigotry and inhumanity ... 
  as far as this comment goes you certainly do seem to have drunk all the kool-aid in a very objective sense . 
  the first part of your comment is reasonable ; the rest degenerates into the type of vicious hyperbole common to supporters of the israeli right . 
  the last break in the ceasefire that resulted in israel 's humiliating defeat in gaza was initiated by an israeli missile attack into gaza against a hamas leader in which seven civilians were also killed . 
  without being supportive of hamas 's philosophy , aims or actions they were actually not the side that broke the ceasefire leading to the last batch of rockets . 
  all of your points completely ignore israel 's illegal and violent actions , whether official via the idf or those carried out daily by the settlers . 
  your arguments are very one sided - why should israel * have * any of the west bank at all ? 
  if you read any media outside mainstream israeli outlets on the subject it would blow your mind . 
  being exposed to balanced reportage that acknowledges the rights and wrongs of both sides might initially be disquieting , but would help you personally acquire a less lopsided view of the issues . 
  if enough of the pro-israeli right lobby did so then maybe israel would make genuinely good faith moves towards peace and the looming possibilities of sanctions from both eu and us government 's would fall away . 
  of course hamas supporters need to as well , but they 're not whom we 're discussing in this conversation . 
  ok , let 's change it to `` the existing inhabitants '' or `` indigenous population '' instead of mentioning palestinians specifically . 
  it changes neither the meaning nor the morality of the situation . 
  by your reasoning should any countries be allowed to exist ? 
  i do agree that prohibiting people from anything by race is disgusting . 
  palestinians are prohibited from israeli territory , or often even moving between different parts of palestinian territory . 
  do you agree that is disgusting ? 
  how does the jewish presence predate the palestinian presence ? 
  are you talking about biblical , eretz israel ? 
  that is another discussion entirely ; however , the palestinians have been * continuously * inhabiting the west bank since those times too . 
  just how far back do you want to go ? 
  why not a little further to when the israelites were egyptian slaves ? 
  reject my premise , ignore your own logical fallacies - whatever . 
  honestly i do n't care . 
  i know i wo n't change * your * opinion and i 'm not trying to . 
  i just want to express my own . 
  ultimately i want to see peace , a peace that leaves israel intact and palestine established and equal to israel . 
  you know , a two-state solution . 
  is that so terrible ? 
  hmmm , israel withdrew after heavy losses - the strongest armed forces in the middle east unable to achieve their aims against 20,000 insurgents . 
  yes i consider that a humiliating defeat . 
  palestinians may not be equivalent in * capacity * to israel , but they are in * humanity * . 
  that 's the whole point right there . 
  did israel destroy hamas or get the gazans to turn against them ? 
  you 're not happy about there being no rockets ? 
  they * have * rockets . 
  perhaps they 're respecting the ceasefire . 
  maybe they 're biding their time ? 
  who knows . 
  i 'm not here to argue any support for hamas , they are vile terrorists who are equally culpable in the whole mess , but what were their demands ? 
  i admit i 'm not 100 % on hamas 's motivations as i do n't respect them or support them , but as far as i 'm aware it all started because israel broke the ceasefire and they retaliated ( not that that justifies * any * of it from either side , it just is what it is ... ), 
  are you really such a naked bigot that you ca n't admit any person is as much a person as any other whether palestinian , other arab , jewish , french , indian , chinese or anglo-saxon protestant living in australia like myself ? 
  people are people and nobody has more rights than any other by virtue of race . 
  the type of bigoted attitude that you seem to be flirting with ( though i hope you 're not and will thus stop short of outright accusing you of holding ! ), 
  is one of the major issue that israel as a culture faces and a massive driver of the international odium it is currently gaining ... 
  remember not so long ago the jews were on the other side of that exact same , disgusting attitude and look how they suffered for it !, 
  blame whomever you like , i actually attribute it to the idf deciding to cut their ( literal ) losses ( of soldiers and mat\u00e9riel ) in the face of stubborn resistance and increasing world horror at the brutality of their methods and the numbers of civilian casualties . 
  a pretty widely held view . 
  perhaps i laboured the argument a little , but strawman ? 
  you still have n't explicitly stated whether you believe palestinians have equal humanity to jewish israelis . 
  i find that very telling . 
  godwin 's law ? 
  really . 
  you sure are getting desperate in your efforts to divert and discredit my arguments . 
  nobody 's mentioned the `` h word '' ; anti-semitism was a thing before 1933 and unfortunately still is ... 
  in fact you introduced the first direct references to that era yourself . 
  i might add that that oppression did n't begin with gas chambers , but rather legal infringements on people 's rights , much as the inhabitants of the west bank suffer under their occupier 's military ordinances ( laws ) ... 
  do n't try to patronise me , it 's just more of the same effort to divert , denigrate and ultimately ignore my arguments , none of which by the way have you * truly * addressed , let alone effectively refuted . 
  it really is n't an effective tactic in debate ; rather it merely exposes the inherent weakness of your own arguments . 
  your last statement works exactly the same if israelis is substituted for palestinians . 
  that does n't detract from its inherent truth and value - would that both sides embrace that sentiment !, 
  then we might see peace .
