  getting the right mix is what is important , and i think at the moment our cities ( and underlying that , our culture ) are too skewed to the sprawl . 
  if you want to live in the ` burbs i wo n't think any less of you though . 
  different strokes for different folks , mate . 
  probably an element of that , but i think it 's kind of like insurance companies knocking back claims automatically to see if you press the matter or they can skate - they just try it on as their default action , coz they know a bunch of people wo n't fight it for various reasons . . 
  sounds a bit like my way of spending , tho i waste more on coffee/water/eating out . 
  i tend to do my big cook/freeze on a monday or tuesday night - sunday would be smarter tho coz often i 'm cooking till 11pm , even midnight , by the time i 'm done . 
  at the risk of sounding pompous , working is a positive in other senses than just the financial ( mainly psychology of it ) ; however , i think the position you just described is pretty messed up - should be a fair day 's pay for a fair day 's work , and the safety net should catch you if employment fails in that regard . 
  i respect your attitude towards it tho , and hope matters improve . 
  attitude counts for a lot , and you seem to have that going for you mate . 
  very '60s - '70s playboy effect ; i like it . . 
   should n't have to explain to a person working in the field that you ca n't claim for reasonable wear and tear . 
  i 'm pretty sure they knew that already , but were just banking on you not knowing it . 
  i 'm sure they figured they may as well chance it , i mean , what do they have to lose ? 
  nothing - and that 's what 's fucked , and why so many people have issues ( as this thread has exposed so very thoroughly . . ) . 
  it 's why so many people are advocating lodging a challenge at the same time the lease expires as a default position - the agents will try it on , so one must be proactively defensive against their fuckery . 
  really they need to suffer consequences for making false claims ; however , that 's not going to happen - not due to some sinister real estate cabal secretly controlling government , but because it would be a nightmare to implement . . 
  of course , i would n't be entirely surprised if there * is * a sinister real estate cabal , but that 's a different matter and i doubt their focus is on bond returns when corrupt development is so much more lucrative !, 
  for sure man , it sucks not having anything to do anyway , but so much of our sense of self-identity is bound up in work that not having that is really tough . 
  not to mention - as you say - how much better it is to feel like you 're holding up your end of the whole `` mutual obligation '' contract between the individual and society as a whole by contributing via work . 
  definitely helps to have the responsibility and sense of purpose working gives a person too imo . 
  there is a natural , intrinsically human , satisfaction in doing a job and doing it well as well - and to advance your position in life obviously a proven work history with the associated experience is a massive help . 
  also , colleagues are n't always friends , but they always provide social contact and often become friends . . 
  so yeah , heaps of ancillary benefits to work . 
  none of which mean you should n't be paid that fair day 's wage though , natch !, 
  well put . 
  i think you captured the essential nature of the conundrum very well indeed , and i agree with your conclusions . 
  oh man , what a great picture of her . 
  really reminds me of kim bassinger 's character in * la confidential * . . 
  awesome photo of an awesome jet !, 
  the hun did so much of the cas work in ` nam , it was the true workhorse in the south throughout most of the war . 
  i love how this photo captures the work-weary , weathered and worn look of these jets , plus the transition from the original bare metal finish to sea theatre camo . 
  there is a similar shot of a flight of spooks , where one is in camo and the other three in the original grey , with `` united states air force '' written on the side ( or maybe it 's one grey and three camo , but i do n't think so . . ) : these photos are very interesting historical documents both . . 
   after us president donald trump asked wednesday that israel `` hold back '' on settlement building in the west bank , netanyahu decided to reevaluate the commitment to the settlers, 
  i 'm glad to see the first sane move from trump having a positive impact on israel ; i honestly do n't think a new settlement would have been beneficial in terms of maintaining the safety and security of either israelis or palestinians . 
  if they knew those words then no doubt they would embrace them too . 
  i am often appalled by the wilful pride in their ignorance many americans display - the recent example that springs to mind was in rome around new year being in the forum and hearing a group of us college kids ( wearing their college 's sweatshirts and hoodies ) loudly boasting and one-upping each other about how little they knew about roman history . 
  ( eg : who would have guessed there was both a republic and an empire . . ), 
  if they are n't interested that 's fine , but it would nice if they could be disinterested somewhere other than literally the centre of the roman world , or , failing that , even just be disinterested a little less noisily . . 
  these were america 's intellectual best and brightest ( university students with the wherewithal to visit rome . . ) ; i honestly shudder to think what an average one is like . 
  ha ha ha . . 
  yes , a call girl who had had plastic surgery to better resemble veronica lake to be precise - i should have included that detail myself , so thanks for clarifying . 
  it 's all too easy to assume everyone else understands the same references as one does oneself , but of course it 's not necessarily so . . 
  if anyone reading has n't watched * la confidential * may i recommend watching it ? 
  it 's a brilliant movie imo , and not just mine - it has always enjoyed excellent reviews and was very successful too . . 
  you mean `` fare '' in the polls - my ocd/grammar-nazism aside , `` fair '' is not a word that one may reasonably apply to the political system in the current toxic political environment . . 
   * ordnance, 
  sorry , i know being a grammar/spelling nazi is n't great , but i think i 'm a little ocd . 
  that out of the way , may i say you have done a superb job on the model ? 
  what ordnance are you planning to load on to it ? 
  you 're very outspoken for a palestinian commenter in this sub !, 
  i respect your forthright opinions , but perhaps you 're being a tad forthright in the face of prevailing opinions here . . 
  good point . . 
  in programming terms , the classes are well factored , but the instances corrupted . . 
  should n't ride dogs , their backs are n't strong enough . 
  * that 's * exactly what a shill would say . . 
  sometimes it takes an animal to put the human face on a tragedy . 
  you have to feel for these communities ; so much loss , so much to rebuild . 
  it 's such an obvious , trite thing to say , but bushfires are dreadful events . 
  they do n't call themselves americans coz deep down they know the correct term is seppo ( from septic tank , rhymes with yank . . ) : at least that 's what *** i *** like to think . 
  i ca n't help but remark how much i * hate * that prancing * cunt * in the leprechaun costume ( as also featured on this sub 's banner ) in the header photo - of course i am sure he 's a perfectly decent chap irl and so on , but that picture really makes look like a right prat . 
  we do have a nationalised health service , with first class medical care available free to any member of society . 
  here is australia that is . 
  you know , like most of the developed world . . 
  that looks so much like some kind of sea monster that has surfaced to just below a boat - reminds me of having tiger sharks hooked for example . 
  great picture . 
  every country has its pros and cons , but i must admit australia has a lot of pros imo . 
  depending on your skills , moving here can be relatively easy ; or you could follow the study on student visa -  work on bridging visa -  residency -  citizenship path so many people i know have worked their way through if you really want to move here . 
  would advise holiday first though , it 's a long way from the us and your family/friends and so on !, 
  great . 
  no 4 sqn raaf for those who did n't know . 
  probably red flag training exercise at that location . 
  seriously , the corrupt practice of israel bribing our polity - of all complexions - sickens me . 
  i do n't think i have ever spoken to an australian who is not also an israeli who is n't utterly repelled by israeli actions in palestine . 
  this invitation gives an entirely spurious impression that australians support israeli aggression ; however , i certainly i find it disturbing and disgusting and am quite sure i am not alone . 
  good on you mate , you should be very proud of yourself . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but kung pow chicken is n't actually chinese per se is it ? 
  i thought that particular dish originated in us chinese restaurants . . 
  yeeeeesss . . just a coincidence . 
  nothing to see here , move along please people . 
  da tovarisch , is for sure good point !, 
  soviet russia had `` zero unemployment '' too . . 
  yeah , at least according to julie bishop et al we do . . 
  that 's what i find offensive : the pollies claiming bibi would be welcomed with open arms . 
  at worst aussies generally are ignorant wrt israel 's ongoing crimes ( and hey , when i was a kid at uni it was n't on * my * radar either . . ) ; however , i personally do not recall * once * hearing anyone here who is not an israeli dual-citizen actively supporting the criminal colonialism project that the israeli regime pushes so aggressively in the face of international law , the un , its allies opinions ( most of whom have the spine to criticise the settlements openly , which even the us under trump does , though * we * do n't ) and simple , basic post-enlightenment , post-wwii morality . 
   new zealand is still a country today though , so pretty big difference there . 
  for the time being at least . 
  though i am hopeful australia may still yet rectify that . . 
  i thought it was actually a pretty widely accepted truth mate ? 
  i mean , it just makes so much sense , on so many levels . 
  [ certainly it has been discussed for some time ] ( https://www.google.com.au/search?q=invade+nz+youtube&amp;oq=invade+nz+youtube&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0.7039j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 ) , so i do n't think it is just you and i who thinks this mate . 
  you 're a feisty one , are n't you ? 
  grrr , grrrrr . . 
  do n't you know names like that for ( chilli ) hot foods are very much \u00e0 la mode ? 
  i have a bottle of [ * shit the bed * ] ( https://www.bunstersfresh.com.au/ ) hot sauce in my cupboard , and it 's very highly regarded among many people i would never have thought we so casually drop a `` shit '' into normal conversation . 
  a lot of irish are catholics - the red hair warns the rest of us they * have no soul * . . 
  i do n't doubt they were traumatised , they were responsible for some bad shit :, 
   in 1983 , a commission chaired by se\u00e1n macbride , the assistant to the un secretary general and president of united nations general assembly at the time , concluded that israel , as the camp 's occupying power , bore responsibility for the violence . 
  [ 19 ] the commission also concluded that the massacre was a form of genocide . 
   in 1983 , the israeli kahan commission , appointed to investigate the incident , found that israeli military personnel , aware that a massacre was in progress , had failed to take serious steps to stop it . 
  the commission deemed israel indirectly responsible , and ariel sharon , then defense minister , bore personal responsibility `` for ignoring the danger of bloodshed and revenge '' , forcing him to resign .
