  i guess you missed my edit with the travel survey before ? 
  in addition , here 's another analysis of us citizens travel which seems to contradict what you said before though : http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/1920287, 
  the languages i can believe though , between first generation immigrants , hispanic communities and people like native americans : how about subsequent generations though do you know ? 
  peace sign is hand held the other way around . . 
  saluting with palm parallel to the ground instead of perpendicular as is correct . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  israel keeps stealing land , israel refuses peace initiatives , israel kills *** many orders of magnitude *** more civilians , israel started the whole thing . 
  it may not sound like it from my necessary responses to your posts , but i do actually have a great deal of sympathy for israel ; however , in no sense can i see israel as the innocent victim here . 
  were you not blinded by ideology ( and possibly racial animus ) you would view things as i do too . 
  as all reasonable and impartial observers do in my experience in fact . . 
  i have one of the blue cloth helmets the crew member standing to the right is wearing , it is the inner part of a bone dome from the time . 
  that 's new new york he 's thinking of , but futurama has n't even happened yet . . 
  i steam , then chill then bake my wings following that method and they come out perfect !, 
  the chilling after steaming is critical though . 
  i also add a dry rub before chilling - i make mine up from cayenne powder , chilli powder , chilli flakes , smoked paprika , paprika , onion powder , garlic powder , ginger powder , cumin powder and coriander seeds - which adds a nice depth to the flavour profile , especially as i use all those flavours in my sauce . 
  i would never fry wings at home having followed this method . 
  sorry , you 're right , it was an uncharitable description and i take it back . 
  my opinions are generally not so harsh . 
  the zionist movement sought control of the region , and was prepared from the very outset to engage in violence to achieve that end - and the post-wwii zionist movement even more so . 
  there was no way the palestinians were ever going simply cede their dominance , ergo the nakbah must be viewed as an inevitable outcome of the zionist dream . 
  by laying claim to then enforcing the claim upon the palestinians ' homes the zionist 's did thus demand the palestinians vacated them , even if they lacked the honesty to explicitly state this openly . 
  in literal terms though , the nascent idf * did * literally tell the arabs to clear out , enforcing this with brutal war crimes . 
  this guy is some kind of shill , he wrote a similar question about which brands control r/hotsauce or some such rubbish . . 
  evidently taken at the equator . 
   it was n't `` uncharitable . '', 
  it was extremely hateful and bigoted, 
  tomato/tomato ( does n't work in text , but you know what i mean ) . 
   the jews give up their rights, 
  rights that they had bestowed upon themselves , born of their overweening sense of entitlement . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  as for your cherry-picked quotes , here are some others from significant figures in israeli/zionist history :, 
   `` we walked outside , ben-gurion accompanying us . 
  allon repeated his question , what is to be done with the palestinian population ? ', 
  ben-gurion waved his hand in a gesture which said ` drive them out ! ' '', 
  ~ yitzhak rabin , leaked censored version of rabin memoirs , published in the new york times , 23 october 1979 . 
   `` we must do everything to ensure they ( the palestinian refugees ) never do return '', 
  ~ david ben-gurion , in his diary , 18 july 1948 , quoted in michael bar zohar 's ben-gurion : the armed prophet , prentice-hall , 1967 , p. 157 . 
   `` every jew had the right to enter palestine ; only active retaliation would deter the arab and the british ; only jewish armed force would ensure the jewish state '', 
   `` if we desire that israel should become and remain a jewish state , we must first of all create a jewish majority '', 
   `` we came here to a country that was populated by arabs and we are building here a hebrew , a jewish state ; instead of the arab villages , jewish villages were established . 
  you even do not know the names of those villages , and i do not blame you because these villages no longer exist . 
  there is not a single jewish settlement that was not established in the place of a former arab village . '', 
  there hundreds , perhaps thousands , of such quotes ( dating back to the first aaliyah ) easily found that directly refute the disingenuous positions stated in those you chose . . 
  the palestinians had been promised self-determination , without giving up half their traditional homes , both by the british and implicitly from the tide of history , which post-wwii was handing territory back to indigenous populations , only disrupted in palestine by the zionists ' sinister influence and ultra-violent terrorist actions . 
  final quote , as you place so much weight on them :, 
   why should they not , like other peoples of the earth , make that country their home where they are born and where they earn their livelihood ? 
  palestine belongs to the arabs in the same sense that england belongs to the english or france to the french . 
  it is wrong and inhuman to impose the jews on the arabs . 
  what is going on in palestine today can not be justified by any moral code of conduct . 
  cool , sorry - i will tone it down . . 
  i have no issue whatsoever with jews , and think the conflation of jews and israel is a dangerous shibboleth . 
  that said , i would like to emphasise that generally i do not bear israel any ill-will either and do not hold any beliefs that would justify the dissolution of israel at this point - the reality has changed and i think now the palestinians must accept the situation and would do better to unify in that acceptance , cooperating both internally and with israel to improve their lot rather than focussing on past injustice . 
  that does n't change that i feel they did nothing to create the initial situation , but the situation has changed . 
  i am sorry for expressing such immoderate opinions and can understand why they have annoyed you , but i did n't express them to annoy you . 
  we all get frustrated when confronted by what seems to be intransigence , and it can make us unreasonable in turn . 
  your point that palestinians would have been better off to have accepted the partition plan and taken the area allotted to them is indisputably true , as is the fact that this would have headed off much , if not all , the conflict . 
  we can judge that with the benefit of 20-20 hindsight some 70 + years post facto ( although at the time it must have seemed a monstrous and ridiculous notion to the palestinians families who at that point were just living on the land they viewed as their birthright ) . 
  now the important thing is to end the conflict , end the casualties on both sides and let everyone from both nations improve their situation . 
  given that , i do n't think finger-pointing is particularly useful and i am sorry i joined in doing it with the original question . 
  definitely neither side is entirely and solely either victim or victimiser , as you said above . 
  wtf ? 
  how about the jews literally gassed in those `` holocaust centres '' ( an odd phrase , but whatever ) , and have you really not heard of world war i ? 
  sorry , i missed the sarcasm . 
  with a side of hfcs . . 
  hint , hint . 
  israel 's enduring love affair with extrajudicial death squads as an instrument of foreign policy really does need to be curtailed . . 
  these guys often travel on aussie/nz passports stolen from citizens of those countries in israel , which then puts real antipodeans at risk from splashback as suspected mossad death squad members ( ie state licensed terrorists ) . 
  it is a disgusting abuse of national sovereignty all round . 
  which other countries have been caught using aussie passports for their death squads to operate overseas assassinating people ? 
  i have thought about trying that with my 1993 glendronach 23yo oloroso butt sc , but unless i know it 's really going to be worth i do n't want to waste a dram ( i ca n't simply go and buy a replacement bottle , living in australia , but having bought it in london ) - would you say it 's worth it ? 
  what flavour ice cream ? 
  i would think vanilla so as to not mess with the whisky flavour too much , but chocolate/raisins/etc do go brilliantly with sherried whiskies and may be an option - which flavour combos have you tried it with ? 
  cia genetic engineering theory proved right there . . 
  i am loathe to waste a drop of that particular bottle , but it would be absolutely perfect for this . . 
  might try it out with something a bit easier to replace , then if i think really worth it take it up to the next level . 
  i love ice-cream , but rarely eat it ( because if i buy any i eat it all , so to avoid that i just do n't buy it ) , so it would be a pretty great treat for me . 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking , i have a couple of candidates in my cupboard to try before i crack out the glendro . . 
  tbf you mentioned jews and i quoted you , i was talking about the zionists - not even modern israelis - all along . 
  ( gandhi 's quote also mentioned jews , but they were his words , not mine . . ), 
  this is kind of what i mean about the dangers of conflation , although a fairly minor example . 
  that said , i recognise my phrasing in both my deleted comment and there was inappropriate for this sub and not helpful , and again i am sorry i offended you . 
  do n't forget the effect of computing , which is almost all documented primarily in english - let alone the internet . . 
  what , how is this * violent * ? 
  try smoking a few billies next time , much less mental gymnastics required and 100 % effective . 
  you brought violence up commenting on this image , evidently you consider there to be some connexion . . 
  so your comment was just an irrelevance ? 
  it did n't sound tongue-in-cheek . 
  it sounded , well , butthurt tbqh . 
  what has clinton got to do with this ? 
  you just keep dragging up all this random stuff that has absolutely nothing to do with the original image . . 
  i am quite sure you are correct when you say there would n't be any posts like this about trump if he had n't won , as in that case why would anyone bother ? 
  now they seem to me to be like the `` thanks obama '' meme though , ie a pretty normal element in the normal political landscape . 
  ( that said though , trump fans are * still * going on about clinton despite her complete irrelevance , so idk , maybe there * would * still be posts mocking him - he is so inherently mocakable after all . . ), 
  ftr , i think america was given a devil 's choice with the venal clinton on one hand and the grotesque trump on the other . 
  from your link :, 
   there is a big difference between creating fake passports and using real passports , as in the mossad assassination of arms dealer mahmoud al-mabhouh that led australia to expel an israeli diplomat this week . 
   what israel did was to forge the passports of actual foreign nationals - including four australians - to use for their agents . 
  seems to me as though you are trying to downplay the betrayal of an ally . . 
  this is all done in the full knowledge it is highly deleterious to australian citizens , in spite of australian protestations regarding these breaches of trust and despite israel 's protestations of friendship with australia . 
  we are also * not * talking about spying , but extrajudicial death squads , which is much closer - as i already mentioned - to state-sanctioned terrorism than `` spying '' .
