  i honestly have n't seen one in years . 
  i 'm in wa though , and do n't drink tinnies so maybe i 'm just sheltered . . 
   they 're batshit scared because the entire stability of the world rests on the shoulders of uncle sam, 
  i admit it , i 'm fucking scared now . 
  yeah , have n't seen one in years and years - maybe state legislation ? 
  those forks look like eyebrows . . 
  yep that 's a consolidated b-24 liberator , no doubt about it . 
  fly valium next time , much better experience . . 
   no weapon found on her person . 
  most just regime in the me !, 
  concerned ? 
  yes , sure . 
  wantonly homicidal though ? 
  luckily for her - shooting people in the leg often results in the femoral artery being severed and then bleeding out though , so the shooter 's intent can scarcely be said to have been concern for her human rights , or the sanctity of her life . 
  or luck . . 
  i was concerned for her human rights , as i am for all victims of the conflict - be they innocent palestinians or israelis . 
  who says that ? 
  indian fascists ( eg bjp/modi . . ) ? 
  i have certainly never heard it before . . 
  toothfish is lovely fish . 
  in australia we call it what it is . 
  my local vietnamese restaurant does a great job with it . 
  furthermore he manages to output strawmen that are both simultaneously inane * and * insane - quite a feat . . 
  you are a lousy millennial , now go cry about something . . 
  just the ones that * are n't * ruled by brutal , cryptofascist regimes . . 
  just remove the country being discussed here and * perhaps * one or two others , perhaps , from this list mate : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states, 
  nowhere i have been would the cops shoot me for simply approaching them . . 
  i have only been to about twenty countries , it 's true , but honestly i could not see it happening * anywhere * i have been - even in britain during the ira years , or worldwide immediately post-9 / 11 . 
  you want to normalise it , but i am sorry - it is not normal . 
   reservoir kmart decided to bring in dvd-style security cases for blocks of chocolate . 
  really ? 
  holy shit poor people must * love * sugar !, 
  now you know . . 
  also plenty of muslims ( including my bosnian mate , who , tbf , would n't mind a free bottle of plonk ) , some of whom might be highly offended by having booze thrust upon them . . 
   love you long time, 
  well , i * did * just specifically mention great britain by name . . 
  yep , who would have guessed formulating a policy to enable something equivalent to what are , in other nations , some of the most complex organisations globally ( eg nhs is uk 's largest employer iirc ) would be just a teeny bit trickier than formulating a sentence such as `` we have to come up with a solution that 's really , really good i think '' ? 
  nutcups ? 
  nope , as i said , my bosnian ( bosniak , muslim ) mate who lives there would * love * a free bottle of wine , i am quite sure . 
  it still strikes me as somewhat dim-witted given it could be considered insensitive , especially as there is a large mosque in that area . 
  uk police are n't perfect ; however , in noe of these cases did someone simply approach a police officer . 
  usually there was a report or incident leading directly to the specific individual being targeted by police :, 
   cctv footage captured her wandering around a car park aiming what was thought to be a handgun at the cameras . 
  the weapon retrieved was confirmed to be an air pistol , capable of firing ball-bearings . 
  - harry stanley, 
   he had a previous criminal record , being convicted of armed robbery in 1974 , and had served 4 years in prison for grievous bodily harm . 
  [ 1 ] this was unknown to the police officers who responded to the call about `` an irishman with a gun wrapped in a bag '', 
  - david sycamore, 
   police were called to the cathedral after 39 year-old david sycamore showed a university student a replica gun and told him he was going to '' start shooting people '' in the surrey town . 
  - michael fitzgerald, 
   the marksman was crouching behind a car when mr fitzgerald appeared at an open window , brandishing a gun . 
  the other two cases do seem even less justifiable ( as if the shooting of an innocent person is ever justifiable . . ) and i sha n't try to highlight the reasoning . 
  however , individual cases of procedural failings are nothing like the systemic shoot to kill policy that observation and commentary suggests underlies this israeli attempted murder ( one of hundreds . . ) discussed in the article . 
  in any case , surely you are n't arguing two wrongs make a right ? 
  are you ? 
  if we were the kind of society that set up checkpoints i would literally leave where i am and * walk in the vehicle lane * towards an australian police officer *** right now *** , and be confident i would not be shot . 
  of course , as a white man in australia i am obviously ipso facto safer from harm by the authorities than a palestinian living in either israel or occupied palestine , but , even so , i do n't consider the level of aggression this incident illustrates can be considered normal in most countries . 
   my point was that anywhere that kind of behavior gets you shot . 
  so , going with two wrongs make a right then ? 
  not much , just working like a chump . . 
  how about you champ ? 
  sorry mate , not here . 
  that is to say , they wo n't shoot you . . 
  or in the uk , generally . 
  or most of europe , or most of south east asia for that matter . 
  * maybe * you 'd get tasered , or pepper-sprayed , but even then you would have to first display * some * actual , active aggression . 
  not just have `` something '' in your hand ( given most people - women especially can not conceal even small firearms in the palm of their hand ) ; not just refuse to follow `` orders '' . . 
  that simply is n't how many countries work , certainly not the countries i have spent time in . 
  you are upset we are n't having to go through a recession ? 
  what is it you want ? 
  the job losses ? 
  hungry families ? 
  bankruptcies ? 
  suicides ? 
  yay recession , right ? 
  but , but . . why ? 
  * you * want a house . 
  for you . 
  how will you buy one in the midst of a recession though , with no job perhaps ; certainly with very little lending going on from banks ? 
  and what about everyone else ? 
  screw us all , eh ? 
  actually , the biggest single cost is labour . 
  so i guess wages decrease is great too , eh mate ? 
  just did , got a verbal caution . 
  you should come live here mate . 
  mate , by your definition above i personally am sweet as a nut ; however , i still do n't think a recession is going to be great for the country , let alone the people living here . 
  yeah you can buy a $ 60-70k house in the us , but nowhere i would want to live . 
  perth 's unemployment may be high within australia , but it 's still low by global standards . 
  but hey , you sit there drooling at the thought of a recession and all the suffering that will ensue - i 'll just crack on with my life and hope it does n't come to that . . 
  the israeli authorities should be applauded for doing the right thing here . 
  it 's an extremely politically charged action , what 's more , so kudos to the government officials/agencies/politicians who had the courage to undertake this clearance . 
  capitalising the word after a comma . 
  great pics , and an exciting moment for the boys in dark blue . 
  this gives australia another great capability , which will integrate with our other systems to provide a very modern , powerful force - particularly in regional terms . 
  wish i could have made avalon this year , but mum had an operation recently so i stayed home to be close enough to help take some of the load off dad . 
  oh well , another two years and there 'll be another one . . 
  i guess they are flying with three bags instead of the centreline jammer for ferry purposes ? 
  she doing well thanks mate !, 
  i 'd hope so too , especially as the centreline jammer has that unique form and looks quite different from the mowing pods . . 
  idk whether that 's due to clearance issues index the fuselage , or if it actually contains different kit though tbh .
