  i can see how you did it though , it all looks great . 
  it refers to the world 's first terrorists , the sicarii - fundamentalist jews from before they all left for europe who would stab people who disagreed with them . 
  literal stabby rabbis . 
  it 's a comments on the cyclical nature of violence . 
  what does yours mean ? 
  no worries , sorry if that sounded snippy . 
  i find levantine history fascinating , but i guess a lot of people do n't get it because i get asked a bit . 
  i 'd probably change it if i could tbh . 
  yeah , my username long predates those attacks . 
  i do n't want people to think i support things like that so always explain it when asked . 
  otoh , some people are way too quick to judge a book by its cover and if they make some ott ad hominem attack on me because of my username and without even asking i tend to figure it 's better to ignore them . 
  i mean a username 's just a username - everyone needs one and most of the cool ones are taken . 
  what 's with the idf special forces hold swearing ins on masada , the very place where the sicarii surrendered following the roman siege of the great titus ( according to the archaeological record at least , if not the fairy story ) ? 
  the vf-111 f-8 crusader looks beautiful in particular , but that 's a lot of nice aircraft in a great setting . 
  i 'd love to visit intrepid or any of the others ( especially the midway - i went aboard her when i was a kid and she did a port visit to fremantle in western australia , back when you could go aboard visiting warships !, 
  ) , looks like you had a great time . 
  some great aircraft on there - i 'm surprised they managed to land concorde on a carrier though !, 
  they probably used high fructose corn syrup instead of natural sugar - that 's the american way . 
  ok , that 's interesting . 
  i always associate masada with the sicarii/zealots , but given what you explained before about the pharisees vs the zealots and modern , rabbainical judaism its contemporary meaning being tied to the revolt rather than the sicarii per se makes sense . 
  it 's an interesting story , just made more so by these modern reasonances imo . 
  thanks for the extra information . 
  it was a pretty remarkable feat that they held out for as long as they did , especially when you consider what it must have been like being in there watching that roman siege ramp creep closer and closer to the walls ... 
  the archaeology of the site is also really interesting - afaik it seems the sicarii probably did n't commit mass suicide after all , which ties in with the strict prohibition on taking one 's own life in jewish law and that entire myth was probably written by flavius josephus more to suit roman moral and mores than anything else . 
  to the romans , defeating a `` noble '' enemy who chose suicide over capture was more glamorous than simply overrunning and capturing the fortress . 
  however , to me the impressive parts of the story are the sicarii 's resilience in the face of roman might and the roman 's skill in siege engineering - especially when you remember they were stuck out in the desert and had massive logistical issues being the besiegers , whilst for a long time the besieged actually had a better water/stores situation thanks to the cisterns and etc herod ( another interesting character himself whose historical legacy is far from black and white ) provided his fortress with ... 
  i would really love to visit masada . 
  one day i will visit israel , jordan and whatever other parts of the levant are safe at the time !, 
  my dad and i both * love * panna cotta and will almost always order it at restaurants that have it on their menu even though we do n't usually order dessert . 
  that looks like a nice one - its shape makes it look like the consistency must be right and the little black flecks show that real vanilla has been used ( as it should be ) . 
  finally , the cream and coulis accompanying it are the classic finishes to enjoy with it . 
  this photo makes my mouth water !, 
  too many of these horror stories are emerging from ksa . 
  it 's time to cut the saudis loose imo , they are amongst the worst me regimes and yet the west supports their every move . 
  as seen here , the state of human rights in ksa is practically non-existent ( unless you 're a saudi man and preferably a prince ) , their links to aq and global wahhabism are absolutely incontrovertible and the war the are leading against the yemenese is morally indefensible . 
  they are also one of the two major sources of friction with iran and thus a major destabilising element regionally by that virtue alone . 
  we need to hold them accountable - let the un shine some light on what happens within the country 's borders , stop supplying arms and stop pandering to the ruling regime . 
  until we ( the west ) take such measures we too are complicit in their crimes . 
  well , getting weapons aboard the plane was * much * easier for a start . 
  i used to carry all kinds of stuff on flights - nail clippers , containers of liquid over 100ml , you name it ... 
  indian soldiers did make an important contribution to the commonwealth forces war effort during wwii , in both the european and pacific theatres . 
  indian units were present during major battles such as el alamein in egypt ( and throughout the north african campaigns ) and monte cassino ( italy ) that really were very significant events in the course of the war against the germans and possess a very solid record for their actions in such battles . 
  i do not know if their contribution could be called pivotal in the european theatre , but they were certainly significant . 
  indian troops were also very important to the commonwealth in the east , especially fighting the japanese in burma . 
  although this campaign is often referred to as `` the forgotten war '' , the battles in burma were pivotal as the burma road was an essential supply line for the chinese front against the japanese and as a bulwark against the japanese capturing india itself . 
  again , indian units are recognised as having distinguished themselves in these battles . 
  on the other hand , some indians formed an army that ( unsuccessfully ) aligned themselves with the japanese , hoping to gain control of india from the british , but afaik they either never fought or at least had little impact . 
  natural allies , ksa and israel . 
  the way many americans [ mishandle their cutlery , by swapping the knife/fork between their hands ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/life/culturebox/2013/06/fork_and_knife_use_americans_need_to_stop_cutting_and_switching.html ) as they turn cutting food and raising it to their mouths as separate actions . 
  it 's not considered taboo elsewhere in the world , just uncouth and bad table manners . 
  [ reports ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/06/israeli-saudi-relations/395015/ ) of cooperation between ksa and israel have been increasing dramatically since the iran deal , i do n't see why discussing it is contentious . 
  you knew ... 
  it 's a shame they did that , but i guess it 's quite understandable for a new nation shaking off its colonial past . 
  if you want to research more about the burma campaign , the battles of imphal and kohima were two pivotal battles in which indian troops played major roles . 
  i have been using teamcity successfully with my team for a couple of years now and am very satisfied with the product . 
  i have never tried to do ci just using vs. 
  we also use jira , confluence and greenhopper ( now renamed , but i ca n't remember the new name right now off the top of my head sorry ) to track issues/support , for documentation and scrum planning and management respectively . 
  all play very nicely together and form an ecosystem we have found to be very productive . 
  would n't . net developers be easier to find than * experienced * node.js devs ? 
  i guess in terms of the development language/environment i would base my decision on what type of application i was building . 
  if it 's a system for which node.js is a natural fit that would influence my decision ; however , otherwise i personally would tend towards technologies with which i have solid experience myself , especially as lead . 
  i do n't know the overall costs sorry , i just tell the it guys what i want and they take care of licensing and so on . 
  the company uses jira ( and has done since before i started ) for all issue tracking , so i have never looked into its costs , but the pricing for confluence and greenhopper is very reasonable . 
  obviously it all depends on your team size though and i 'm afraid i ca n't give a number . 
  what i can tell you is that those three products all integrate very nicely , although we have n't looked into integrating them into our vs environment as you can do with tfs and other such products . 
  plugins do exist though so i 'm sure you could set it up . 
  my experience with other plugins for their systems have all been good and i would expect their vs/tfs plugins to be of the same quality . 
  ( now i think about it i am actually going to research this myself - we are all located at the same site so our need is less pressing than yours , but it would still be a positive step for productivity i am sure . ), 
  idk how the atlassian stuff plays with tc either , but i know it will work with bamboo . 
  as far as tc and vs go they work well together . 
  we 're using tfs and have no problems , but git would work fine ootb too . 
  everything in tc seems to . 
  tc will also integrate with octopus deploy , though we have n't set that up yet either . 
  it publishes our nuget packages as part of the build , which is very convenient . 
  i get what you mean about the msft stack only devs . 
  we use c # and asp.net mvc and not much else from the . net libraries , but that is partially a function of our architecture as well as personal choice . 
  a lot of places only use standard . net libraries , which would drive me nuts !, 
  ha ha , no i do n't think hfcs is an actual pastry ingredient - except perhaps in america . 
  they use a lot of it instead of sugar because the government provides massive subsidies for it , despite how terrible it is . 
  it 's just the anzacs were best at fitin ', 
  nice view of the waisted `` area-rule '' fuselage shape and dogtooth intakes . 
  beautiful looking aircraft . 
  that 's a wild weasel - f or - g , carrying both standard and shrike anti-radiation missiles , the tools of their trade over north vietnam . 
  is this your homework ? 
  they recently [ resurrected a b-52 from there ] ( http://www.airforcetimes.com/story/military/pentagon/2015/02/19/b52-comes-back-from-the-boneyard/23675305/ ) . 
  if you look up davis-montham afb in google earth you can see * all * the aircraft stored in the boneyard , which is an amazing sight - there are thousands !, 
  this is a neat photo , they form a great pattern . 
   on the flip side , palestinians who commit violent crimes against israelis are celebrated and have streets named after them . 
  [ jabotinsky is the most popular street name in israel ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-3476622,00.html ) !, 
  ze'ev jabotinsky was of course the fascist affiliated leader of irgun , the zionist terrorist group responsible for many hundreds of deaths . 
  talk about hypocrisy ... 
  [ jabotinsky is the most popular street name in israel ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-3476622,00.html ) . 
  so yes , israel certainly * does * have many , many streets named after terrorists . 
  ze'ev jabotinsky was the leader of irgun , the vile zionist terrorist group ( in case you do n't know who jabotinsky is ) . 
  he 's also a terrorist , and long acknowledged as such . 
  if such people are those you wish to honour , then name your streets after terrorists all you want , but do n't turn around and point hypocritically outraged fingers at the palestinians for doing the same thing . 
  well , likud was formed by the evil terrorist menachem begin , former leader of the vile terrorist group irgun ; in effect likud is the son of irgun so what you just said is actually perfectly correct in a literal sense . 
  ah queensland - stay classy , never change . 
  is there anything ` murican these americans * wo n't * salute ? 
  what 's next ?
