  yugoslavia is of course the modern canonical example , but similar processes have taken place in ireland following the troubles there and in other countries too . 
  i did say my proposal was a kind of a rough draft and clearly it is far from fully formed ; nonetheless , i do believe that it is something that needs to be considered . 
  of course such a process would be the final , or at least a later , stage in a lasting peace plan and at this point it certainly makes sense to first just end the conflict before worrying about what happens after that . 
  that would have been very interesting to even be on the periphery of , but also , i can imagine , somewhat disturbing . 
  it is interesting to hear what insights you have shared and i take your point that he knowingly and willingly went into the activities he was involved in ; he was n't some tourist who stumbled into trouble . 
  the thought of someone with whom you must be able to empathise to an extent going through that and at the same time considering the ambiguity of his position and whatever he did to end up there would have troubled me i am sure . 
  it must have been mixed feelings all round . 
  all of our knowledge of what exactly happened is limited , but as i am sure you 're aware ben zygier interacting with hezbollah for whatever reason is not the only theory of what may have occurred . 
  however , i do n't want to speculate on that because i have no knowledge whatsoever outside that in the public domain and that aside i think i 've already put my foot in it quite enough already itt . 
  have you read about the binary trading scams ? 
  these people may not be violent war criminals , but they too are ruining lives . 
  for the uninitiated , this will no doubt be very eye opening : http://www.timesofisrael.com/13-sickening-truths-about-israels-huge-binary-options-fraud/, 
  point taken and post edited . 
  i would very much like to critique your writing prompts posts , and do not downvote people just because i disagree with their opinions . 
  please pm me your alt ( s ) . 
  the humble potato gem . 
  if you bought some artisanal version of them in your trendy local tapas bar they 'd cost a fortune , yet they can be had in big bags from the supermarket for next to nothing . 
  it 's your head , if you like it minced that 's your prerogative . 
  i just mean some things are best left in the past . 
  not talking about jealousy and so on , it 's just life can be a bitch , people change and once you 've opened that pandora 's box there 's no closing it . 
  i 'm guessing he likes being white too - does that make him a white russian ? 
  my russian ex was telling me about a point in time when her family were living highly straitened financial circumstances , to the point all her mum could afford to buy the family to eat was oats . 
  she described eating these sacks of oats with the immortal ( for me ) line :, 
   chomp , chomp , chomp . 
  like am horse . 
  it was so funny how she put it , but tragic too given the circs that led to the period of poverty in question . 
  why the fuck do you think i comment here ? 
  maybe you think i just like tweaking ~ ~ jews ~ ~ * israelis * tails ? 
  sorry , but no . 
  i know i personally ca n't do shit except , perhaps , influence public opinion , helping to create the critical mass necessary to do as you say . 
  and that is why i give this shit my time and effort . 
  well , durr , it is ... 
  i have listened to others comments and accept that perhaps this particular incident is not as clear cut as it first felt to me as an outraged aussie defending my compatriot . 
  that 's all i can do , accept that there is genuinely more than one side to this particular coin and i have already done so . 
  read my reply to u/zenarchist . 
  become a whistleblower , do the right thing man . 
   the clannish / thuggish immigrants, 
  you mean kiwis ? 
  i feel that irvine welsh has made it work in books like trainspotting , hard as it can be to interpret especially for the first few pages !, 
  it definitely requires a deft touch though . 
  binary trading scams too - http://www.timesofisrael.com/13-sickening-truths-about-israels-huge-binary-options-fraud/, 
  it looks real . 
  except the very large dogs , but even those you ride rather than driving so you are still technically correct . 
  now let me let you in one ... * so are all canadians * . 
  i upvoted * because * of the lack of nudity , and because they are such cuties . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like the naked ladies , but there are other subs specifically for that , while many of these women may be appreciated for their beauty and style alone . 
  boy , i bet those cops were disappointed when they chucked * that * in the pipe . 
  * special * is certainly the word . 
  um , about those `` danish raspberries '' - they 're actually flower petals used for decoration , though i 'm sure they 're fine to eat . 
  why not zoidberg roll ? 
  you mean rare white * non-bogan * kiwi chick . 
  [ link to cvw-5 details , including squadrons and types flown . 
  ] ( http://www.seaforces.org/usnair/cvw/carrier-air-wing-5.htm ), 
  this is not the current wing , as the ea-6b prowlers have been withdrawn . 
  the wing exchanged vaq-136 with its prowlers for vaq-141 , equipped with the ea-18g growler in march 2012 , meaning this photo predates that date . 
  being called a `` white cunt '' because i do n't smoke and so was unable to give this fellow at the train station a cigarette when he asked . 
  tbf krispy kremes * are * cop crack , so the confusion is somewhat understandable . 
  looks like a good one too , halal af . 
  yeah , given the revelations that emerged from his cabinet room post-gillard 's takedown of him idk that k.rudd * would * be great for australia as the un secgen . 
  that 's nothing to do with political bias ; he just seems like an awful man to have to work with . 
  more generally he speaks poorly and would not , imo , be a representative who would show australians in a good light should he be in such a globally visible role . 
  tbh i would rather see gillard go for it than he , or a figure like alexander downer who , despite his failings as leader of the opposition , has performed well in his diplomatic roles since he left government . 
  like a cross between garfield and nermal !, 
  trump force 1, 
  i had a great friendship with a lesbian , though sadly she passed away a couple of months ago . 
  it was tragic loss as she was a great girl . 
  the funeral was huge ; everybody liked this woman . 
  my friendship with her was a lot of fun , we shared many interests including a passion for reading around which we would constantly swap books and tips for books . 
  we were also both into music a lot and had hours of great conversation around that subject also . 
  most importantly of all though she was a very genuine friend who was always generous with whatever she had to share at the time ( not only physical items , though those too , but time , energy and consideration , etc. . . ) . 
  steph , i miss you mate . 
  true , but other aussies can nominate and this does n't kill rudd 's nomination bid - with or without governmental support he can still keep trying . 
  i do agree though that if rudd * is * going to be our only horse in the race then the government should support him ; imo rudd * could * make cunts of us all , but such global and public disunity among our polity * definitely * achieves that effect . 
  me too , and one of my favourite fighters to see as a warbird at air shows . 
  they are awesome aircraft to see in flight , so much presence . 
  then you consider their outstanding combat record in wwii and korea and you have the whole package . 
  not that i could find using a google reverse image search , though it 's a fairly new photo and a * lower-res * version i found elsewhere did n't show up either . 
  i am sure one exists , it might just be a case of keeping on looking for it to be published and indexed by google . 
  or you could try bing , which is good for images and sometimes has different results . 
  i can provide the complete description in the photo if you 'd like to aid searching ? 
  if you do find a higher-res one pls link in comments ; if i do i will reply again so you get notified . 
  it got me too , for far longer than it should have ... 
  this is r/lesscredibledefence and not r/credibledefense though , so i figured it still belonged . 
  it is pretty funny . 
  is bill drunk do you think ? 
  something about the eyes ... 
  crocs . 
  you can buy them all over the place , you see them around and clearly they sell ; yet * nobody * *** ever *** admits to liking them . 
  i am one of `` those people '' myself - i have a pair i wear as my winter thongs ( flip-flops for non-aussies ) and find them extremely comfortable and practical , but still always feel a bit shamed by wearing them outside the house ... 
  hey !, 
  that 's my fetish too ... 
  [ mondegreens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mondegreen ) can be so funny , there are some great lists of them out there . 
  `` excuse me while i kiss this guy '' from * purple haze * is funny , but of the really popular/notorious ones i am probably most fond of `` there 's a bathroom on the right '' ( instead of `` there 's a bad moon on the rise '' , from * bad moon rising * by creedence ) which is made even funnier by the fact john fogarty would sing the mondegreen in concert on occasion instead of the real lyrics . 
  and more popular than one might imagine judging from your link . 
  perhaps i better * not * joke about that anymore . 
  ( especially as i work in a rail transport related field ... ), 
  that changes the meaning heaps , but still kind of fits , as with all the best examples . 
  ha ha , very well put . 
  they really are just too good in a practical sense to eschew for the sake of the opinions of others , most of whom i could not care less about anyway . 
  i think it 's time i shed that vague sense of shame i mentioned and learn to love the croc , not just for function , but for their form too .
