  rabbis can excommunicate , yes , and it is the correct term . 
  unfortunately , as a secular rabbi , i lack those powers . 
  i think to excommunicate an ultra-orthodox rabbi such as he would require a council of other rabbis from the same stream of judaism - afaik rabbis ( even full-blown , religious rabbis ) ca n't just unilaterally impose excommunication on another rabbi . 
  touch\u00e9 , lol . 
   the 30-year-old hugged his defense attorneys after the `` not guilty '' verdict was read by the judge . 
  if convicted , he could have faced life in prison . 
  he thanked god , his lawyers , and the jury, 
  texas god sounds much more chill than i thought he 'd be . 
  evidently he is fine not just with murder ( pretty standard ) , but sex too !, 
  is n't dubya a bit * old * to be a catamite ? 
  those fucking druggos !, 
  you must be talking about your european grandpa , right ? 
  no aussie would be scared about reaching into a bush to get a ball . 
  unless that bush was under a tree , and you were in drop bear country of course ... 
  autocorrect is , i sometimes think , the very bane of my existence . 
  at the very least i consider the name auto *** correct *** a cruel irony . 
  people in australian prisons are allowed to study for university , or are given training for tickets ( qualifications ) for semi-skilled jobs like forklift driver , bricklayer , etc. 
  i think it 's a much better approach than some country 's lock 'em up and let 'em rot approach and am sure it contributes to lower levels of recidivism . 
  i do understand entirely why terrorist prisoners are denied the opportunity though - quite aside from the fact the normal calculus of rehabilitation can not be applied to dyed-in-the-wool extremist ideologues , the risk of creating * smarter * terrorists is too great in and of itself . 
  not all jews are religious and there is no correlation between the hasidim and zionists - there are both many secular jews in israel/zionists and some ultra-orthodox jews are actually anti-zionist . 
  man , there is so much blind bias in what you wrote , but this is not the thread to discuss the ins-and-outs of israel and palestine - in the * context of this story * the israelis are the victims and the palestinians entirely in the wrong . 
  the general situation is more complex ; however , out of regards for the victims of this tragedy i personally am not willing to argue about it now . 
  ca n't we all just respect the dead , curse the terrorists who committed this atrocity and agree the entire , overall , situation is a tragedy for both israelis and palestinians alike ? 
  i have some strong opinions about various aspects of the conflict , but my most strongly held opinion is that the conflict needs to end . 
  blaming one side to the exclusion of the other does n't help bring that day any closer , and in the meantime innocent people on both sides will continue to suffer and die as these poor people did today . 
  i already said i am not willing to argue about it here . 
  * this * event is a tragedy for israelis alone , that much is unambiguous . 
  that 's very reductionist and not at all close to the objective truth . 
  yes , hamas is a terrorist organisation , but otoh there is certainly more israel can do . 
  the most important thing is that such tragedies cease and both sides get to live in peace . 
  that requires both sides to work together . 
  that 's looks delicious . 
  i love persian food !, 
  are the barg and koobideh kebabs lamb or beef in this case ? 
  speaking of persian food , while i assume you would n't eat it for breakfast , i think my favourite persian dish is fesenjan . 
  so good !, 
  i think this idea is predicated on that , but with the ottomans then taking over the mantle of the byzantines whose territory and ultimately capital they conquered . 
  a direct line from the republic or early-western empire obviously pretty difficult to draw , but if we consider the byzantines as the direct descendants of the early roman-empire and the ottomans the descendants of the late-roman empire ( ie ottomans ) then the question makes much more sense . 
  in terms of sources for op , i have always found john julius norwich to be an excellent author on byzantine and ottoman topics . 
  although he does n't address this question specifically in anything of his i have read , he has written extensively about both empires and the transition from one to the other . 
  that 's a great comment imo and you cover a lot of salient information . 
  one minor caveat i would suggest is that his question is actually whether the ottomans were `` an '' inheritor - not `` the '' inheritor as per the claims from various nations that you discuss in your first paragraph . 
  i think the answer to that specifically is an unqualified yes , but as you say in your conclusion there are , of course , significant differences between turkish culture and that of the romans/greeks of byzantium and the nature of their empires . 
  not really - they both look the same size to me ... 
  even in subway ? 
  where they use a standardised menu . 
  do n't customers get offended when the workers laugh at them for ordering off the menu ? 
  ha , yes that is a good one . 
  it 's also an interesting outlier in that it does n't involve the usual suspects . 
  if they wo n't go up on their initial offer , you may be able to negotiate a schedule for raises once you have proved your worth to them and demonstrated that you intend to stick around . 
  i did that at my current job as i started here after taking about a year out of my career to do other stuff and it worked out very well for us both . 
  should n't that title be '' [ hot mom ] ( http://blacksportsonline.com/home/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/kelsey-mcmurtry-3.jpg ) who left child in car during stripper audition arrested again for neglect '' ? 
  ironically , whilst robot is derived form the slavic word for slave , the word `` slave '' in english is derived from slav due to the large numbers of slavs traded by vikings in the dark ages . 
  just loud mastication generally ... 
  this is fascinating - i 've been following this story as it 's unfolded and have wanted to know the answer to the riddle . 
  this certainly seems to bring us much closer to actually understanding who these people were . 
  what is amazing to me is how recently they still lived there . 
  but , but israelis tell us that police/soldiers armed with guns and stab-proof vests absolutely can not suppress a knife wielding attacker without killing them and subsequently bulldozing their family 's home . 
  how is it even possible that this stab-attacker was * only wounded * ? 
  thanks for the links pootie - i may never have seen the other stories to upvote without your help . 
  you 're doing good work kid - keep it up . 
  the article does n't mention this , but uri ariel is , of course , a member of the notoriously batshit-crazy extreme-right-wing the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ party in company with the equally charming ( that 's sarcasm btw ) ayelet shaked , naftali bennett and bezalel smotrich all of whom have openly and regularly call for ethnic cleansing , segregation and even genocide . 
  these people are all from the same religious nationalist ( read `` settler '' ) movement as the supporters of the notorious elor azaria ( the medic currently awaiting trial for the murder of a subdued and disarmed , alleged stab-attacker in hebron ) , and represent a very scary element of not only the israeli population generally , but worse still netanyahu 's coalition . 
  literally nothing these cryptofascist thugs say has the power to surprise me anymore , no matter how extreme . 
  they are the same mob who recently threatened to topple the israeli government if they perceive any `` danger '' of a peace agreement coming to pass and utterly refute a two-state solution . 
  they are as vile an example of extremist as one may see holding important positions of power in any government worldwide at the moment and a serious impediment to peace . 
  them . 
  all . 
  that is the tragedy at the edge of the story , is n't it . 
  iirc there are even folk-stories among the local modern humans of little people in the forest . 
  i really hope that they were n't wiped out by modern humans upon arrival , but i share your dismay that the most likely scenario is that the two events are closely related ... 
  with all due respect that is bullshit . 
  hezbollah emerged to free the people of southern lebanon from the israelis who invaded their land ( an invasion that included such horrors as the idf presiding over the sabra and shattila refugee camp massacres as their fascist phalangist allies carried out the actual slaughter ) , which they achieved in an impressively short span of time all things considered . 
  sigh , it 's like they * want * the violence to continue . 
  one has to wonder if this is in response to the french initiative and aimed at heightening tensions in preparation for another war this season aimed at scuppering peace negotiations for its duration and some time afterwards . 
  it 's interesting looking at how dirty the underside of the aircraft is - no time to wash the airframe when so very forward deployed obviously !, 
  is that you ? 
  so much firepower in that nose too - even if the bombs did n't strike the ship the mitchell could * still * tear it right up !, 
  guns and america are so closely intertwined that whenever it 's * anything * to do with the usa i assume triggers are involved already by default . 
   `` the successful purchaser will be responsible for removing all the inclusions , let 's say , so everything that 's on the property . 
  also ( they will ) be responsible to get vacant possessions , so it would be up to the purchaser to get the occupants out . '', 
  * that * seems unjust to me ; having your home sold out from under you , then the new owners turning you out , presumably by any means necessary after just dropping $ 2m on the bloody property . 
  i ca n't imagine someone who has just spent that much cash on a property being particularly nice about evicting the previous owners . 
  also , a $ 160,000 clean-up bill ( so far ) is a lot of money , but nowhere near the estimated $ 2m value of the property . 
  who gets to keep the balance ? 
  what is there in place to ensure fair treatment for the current owners ? 
  i quite agree , but still they do n't deserve to have their $ 2m house ripped off from them . 
  edit : as i said elsewhere , what i dislike is the lack of protections for the owners when it comes to the sale , not the eviction per se . 
  they are obviously a health hazard , but as the article states they are also suffering from mental illness . 
  i 'm sure it does suck for the neighbours , but i am equally sure the whole thing sucks even worse for the owners themselves , in all kind of ways . 
  and so he 's alive to stand trial so he can face justice for his crimes , of course . 
  the issue of the council selling it for whatever they can get and the owners having no protections against that is what i find unpleasant , rather than the fact of the eviction per se . 
  there is also the fact the owners are mentally ill , as stated in the article , which makes the idea they have nobody to stand up for their interests even less pleasant . 
  also tomatoes and kiwi fruit . 
  this is why a lot of people are allergic to groups of things that do n't immediately seem connected . 
  look man , tbh i regret posting the comment to which you replied , or getting into it with you in the comment you 're replying to here itt . 
  i did n't mean to argue politics in the wake of this atrocity , and regret doing so . 
  this event was a tragedy for the israeli people and is 100 % indisputably the responsibility of the the palestinian terrorists who carried out the attack . 
  if you want to argue this another time i am quite sure we will get a chance , but for now i am going to delete the other two comments out of respect for the victims of this attack . 
  whatever the rights and wrongs of the situation overall , they were simply innocent victims .
