  now of course there are retarded bigots everywhere , and some people are not smart enough to differentiate the israeli government , the israeli people and ( diaspora ) jews so turn stuff they hear about gaza into genuine , good ol' fashioned anti-semitism , but most people really do n't just hate jews . 
  that is why killing civilians in gaza and building new settlements is so counter-productive . 
  both prolong the conflict and prolonging the conflict is leading to a hardening attitude in the west that is starting to effect israel negatively and will only escalate . 
  look at all the diplomatic moves already this year - eu only recognising israel within '67 borders and agreements not being honoured outside those borders , us demanding correct labelling of wb settlement goods , us ambassador speech , un sec gen speech , swedish fm , french `` talks succeed or we recognise palestine '' ... all in january !, 
  diplomatic censure and isolation will be followed by sanctions and if one day the us do n't use their veto just once in the unsc ... well , that would change israel 's diplomatic position significantly . 
  surely taking some casualties to eviscerate hamas politically is worth doing to avoid that , assuming a deal can be struck with the pa independently . 
  not necessarily easy , but not impossible . 
  to be honest i did take op 's `` nice '' in the nastiest sense possible , but the word does give off a nasty vibe ( irony ! ) . 
  `` good '' or `` quite right '' or something similartly approving , but less appreciative would have been fine . 
  if i was too hasty to judge i apologise to op . 
  christianity ? 
  i do n't really go to church or anything anymore and whilst it has had an impact on my moral and philosophical outlook on life via its overall cultural impact in western , anglo-saxon history it 's not reall something `` i 've taken so much from '' tbh . 
  thank for the thought , but does n't really apply to me personally . 
  pretty secular christian , you know ? 
  it was perhaps not fair to say it 's not a jewish site , herod 's temple was fact even if josephus is n't exactly the most reliable narrator . 
  ( he wrote to suit his sponsors - first herod , then the flavian imperial family - a lot . ), 
  which animal bones and seals are you referring to ? 
  i know that the tunnels underneath the mount have been investigated and some items found ( including a lot of coins apparently - in sufficient quantities to seemingly supporting the new testament claims of money lending activities in herod 's temple ) , but would be very interested to learn more of more , different evidence . 
  whatever the historicality of the site 's significance to judaism it certainly does have religious significance now . 
  you are right - my comment was too black and white and the location does have legitimate religious significance for judaism . 
  i shall edit it accordingly . 
  i chose `` indiscriminate '' to highlight the inevitable outcome from the even higher level of violence than was unleashed in '14 being threatened by netanyahu . 
  many different investigations , much reportage , the revelations of groups such as bts : all have exposed that * some * of the firepower employed by the idf was against area targets or * suspected * positions . 
  if more firepower is employed more of it will be of this nature . 
  i 'm not saying all , or even a clear majority , of idf attacks are indiscriminate , but surely a promise of more effective , better targeted , more deadly for hamas force rather than just more force would be better ? 
  the wb is a clearly defined area . 
  what territory is occupied is very clearly defined . 
  i do n't see what about that is to be negotiated ? 
  issues such as clearing out the settlements , land swaps for certain settlements , palestinian citizenship for colonists who insist on staying in their settlements , security - for both nations ! , reparation payments to palestine , international observers ' role and roe , equipping the palestinian defence force ( ideally with idf equipment - f-35a lightening iis , f-16i sufas and f-15i ra'ams , pgms and popeye cruise missiles , dolphin class submarines , ah-64e guardian apaches , merkava ivs & namer apcs , self-propelled artillery and multiple rocket launcher systems , pac-3 patriot sams , uavs , iron dome and david 's sling - all these systems and more will be required urgently to make their self-defence forces capable of defending their territory ; idf equipment would a ) make the idf training advisors ' jobs easier & b ) shared equipment will improve the ability of the idf and the pdf to conduct joint operations ; finally the idf will no longer require the same mass thanks to the peace dividend from there no longer being conflict with palestine requiring these systems so can simply divest them by handing them on to the pdf ... ) ... 
  so there is lots to negotiate - the pre - '67 borders were long since set , since '48 ( nearly 70yrs ) in fact !, 
  wtf ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  either you need to read things more carefully or take off your blinkers and let new ideas past your mental filters . 
  i was pretty clear . 
  there is a lot to be negotiated and i listed a number of the topics , though not an exhaustive list . 
  i said i thought jews should be allowed to live in the wb as palestinian citizens so no , no ethnic cleansing , i also said there are many other aspects that need to be negotiated . 
  however , the wb is the wb . 
  when people talk about negotiations they all mean the '67 borders with some land swaps and some settlements given up ... you know , compromise . 
  what do you think needs to be negotiated , apart from the things i mentioned in my last laundry list ? 
  if they want to be left alone why do they keep colonising what 's left of palestine in the wb ? 
  they did the same thing with australian passports to assassinate a hamas politician in dubai - nice way to abuse your allies ' trust , is n't it ? 
  u/lorrieh is * my * hero !, 
  israel is n't going to get any more land . 
  i 'm sorry to destroy your dreams of seizing more of `` judea and samaria '' ( sorry , but lol at that name ... ) , but i * have * mentioned land negotiations * every . 
  single . 
  comment . 
  * in the only sense that it remains to be negotiated : land swaps for some of the larger colonies that are close to israel ... 
  do you * really * think negotiations are going to result in israel being given * more * of palestine 's west bank ? 
  it does n't * need * to be indiscriminate , but `` more force '' clearly implies a greater weight of munitions rather than better targeting of hamas . 
  given that previously not all force was surgically applied before then simply throwing more weaponry ( more gross force ) at gaza will result in more ( net ) indiscriminate killing , even if the ratio of civilian to military targets remains the same . 
  the goal should surely be to apply less ( gross ) force to greater ( net ) effect , not merely drop more bombs and fire more shells ? 
  yes . 
  the way toilets are designed mean that the pubes will stick to the pipes , never being able to be flushed and eventually building up into a massive poofurball ( the technical term plumbers use ) that can only be dislodged with specialist equipment once it reaches critical mass . 
  do not do this !, 
  it will cost you thousands in plumbers !, 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kidding . 
  ^ ^ ^ trim ^ ^ ^ away , ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ toilet ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ handle ^ ^ ^ it . 
  israel does not have * sovereignty * ; they are simply the * occupying force * . 
  the territory is * technically * disputed , but every nation ( except one - guess which country that is ? ), 
  and international body acknowledges * the west bank * as palestinian . 
  it 's analogous to the saying `` possession is 9/10ths of the law , but the 1/10th - legal ownership - is the part that actually matters '' . 
  does that clear * your * confusion up a little ? 
  edit : if it 's not you , then i apologise , but why downvote in a polite conversation such as we 're having ? 
  i have n't downvoted you once man ... 
  i guess most americans are n't even `` moderately '' educated then ... 
  ugh , why would a lady share her plank with a pleb like him ? 
  shagging a `` bit of rough '' is one thing , but sharing a plank with him in full public view ? 
  that was * not * the `` done thing '' . 
  see that 's israel 's `` might is right '' argument . 
  of course physical control matters , it 's just that current control de facto does n't necessarily imply legal control . 
  israel is occupying palestine , but that is supposed to be a temporary state of affairs and one day the israeli soldiers will have to go home . 
  the settlers will either have to become palestinian citizens - if they and the palestinians agree to it - or israeli territory of equivalent quality exchanged if the settlement 's location does n't make doing so impractical . 
  that pretty much sums up the entire world 's understanding of how a fwo-state solution will be arrived at , together with the other items i mentioned some of ( eg security , reparations to palestinians , etc ) . 
  what do you think would be discussed ? 
  i do n't care about downvotes , it just seems rude to do it to someone you 're engaged in an extended conversation with . 
  if it was n't you , sorry . 
  `` the arabs '' and palestinians are not the same thing . 
   the longer palestinians drag the conflict , the less land they are likely to get . 
  i believe this is why france will recognise palestine if the israelis do not continue talks . 
  i know the israeli narrative says it is the palestinians who keep causing the peace process to fail , but ( like much of the israeli narrative surrounding the palestinians ) this narrative is viewed as being deeply flawed and based on a combination of dissimulations and false premises in the eyes of neutral , non-partisan world observers . 
  ( in this case france ) . 
   palestinians are not distinct from arabs ... they are a type of arab , just as a saudi is a type of arab , but ... 
   palestinians are not jordanians , not egyptians , not syrians , not lebanese . 
  they are closest in culture to the levantine arabs , rather than the gulf arabs or african arabs . 
   palestinians are a mix , though , of all the peoples that have ever occupied the land of palestine . 
   dowty , alan ( 2008 ) . 
  london , uk : polity . 
  isbn 978-0-7456-4243-7 . 
  `` palestinians are the descendants of all the indigenous peoples who lived in palestine over the centuries ; since the seventh century , they have been predominantly muslim in religion and almost completely arab in language and culture . '', 
  law and identity in mandate palestine . 
  the university of north carolina press . 
  isbn 978-0-8078-3017-8 . 
   according to rashid khalidi , the modern palestinian identity encompasses the heritage of all ages from biblical times up to the ottoman period . 
  ( rashid khalidi , palestinian identity : the construction of modern national consciousness , columbia university press , 2009 p. 18 . ), 
   according to palestinian author walid khalidi : `` the palestinians considered themselves to be descended not only from arab conquerors of the seventh century but also from indigenous peoples who had lived in the country since time immemorial . '', 
   ( '' ( with reference to palestinians in ottoman times ) although proud of their arab heritage and ancestry , the palestinians considered themselves to be descended not only from arab conquerors of the seventh century but also from indigenous peoples who had lived in the country since time immemorial , including the ancient hebrews and the canaanites before them . 
   acutely aware of the distinctiveness of palestinian history , the palestinians saw themselves as the heirs of its rich associations . '' ), 
  and according to palestinian anthropologist ali qleibo : `` in their customs and manners , fossils of these ancient civilizations survived until modernity -- albeit modernity camouflaged under the veneer of islam and arabic culture . '', 
   ( `` throughout history a great diversity of peoples has moved into the region and made palestine their homeland : canaanites , jebusites , philistines from crete , anatolian and lydian greeks , hebrews , amorites , edomites , nabateans , arameans , romans , arabs , and european crusaders , to name a few . 
  each of them appropriated different regions that overlapped in time and competed for sovereignty and land .
