  i am going to apologise for that comment and have deleted it . 
  really , i am sorry . 
  i 'm not anti-israeli and have no wish to be offensive . 
  i 'm not going to make excuses - no matter whether we disagree about issues or not i admit what i wrote there was unnecessary and unfair, 
  i get my news from a wide variety of sources - mainly western , but also israeli and yes , even arab . 
  tbh that is precisely why i do n't look at what one individual says - potus or not - as being the absolute truth , but rather consider it in the context of everything i have read over many years . 
  no , you really did n't get what i meant at all , but thank you for answering . 
  i agree those are some lovely places . 
  yeah i meant the comments * following the article * as i wrote , not in here , but cool story . 
  two a penny ? 
  i know you are , but what am i ? 
  cats in spaaaaaaace ... 
  i heard the mekong was a massive river , but this is , like , 20 ' wide . 
  tops . 
  imgur on mobile is a terrible experience these days , both trying to upload images and looking at them even . 
  i find it annoying and am glad reddit is self-hosting images . 
  that 's only one of the reasons imgur sucks though - it 's the ads for and constant harassment to use their app , which is terrible , that are worse . 
  that was what happened with castro , but ho chi minh had been a communist for a long time before wwii . 
  you 're right that he approached the us though - in fact , during wwii , the allies supplied the viet minh to fight the japanese and the constitution ho set up is based on the us constitution . 
  there was a whole `` brown water navy '' based in the delta , made up of the fibreglass pbr boats seen in * apocalypse now * as well as larger boats such as converted wwii lsts and even complete floating bases , on which us army soldiers working with the sailors would live . 
  those soldiers were part of the 9th infantry division , whose area of operations was the delta the entire time the division was deployed to rvn . 
  as well as the sailors in boats , the navy deployed seal platoons from both teams active at the team on constantly rotating tours and they proved to be very effective . 
  the delta was where most of the rvn 's ( south vietnam ) population lived and their rice was grown . 
  it also served as a supply conduit from cambodia and because of both factors was a very significant area in the war , with a lot of fighting . 
  i wonder how long before this turns into a fatwah on reddit ? 
  how to kill a man barehanded - i 'd be a rich man today if i had a buck for every time i * wished * my parents had taught me that even just for the years i was at school . 
  i know right - the palestinians should n't have agreed to half of their homeland being offered to a bunch of extremely nationalistic , utterly foreign , colonialist adventurers by a bunch of other foreigners and then expected the colonists to stay within the boundaries they were supposed to . 
  oh wait , they did n't agree , did they ? 
  they tried to stop it and have since been trying to hang on to what the foreign colonisers had left them at first . 
  i 'm lost now . 
  can we rewind a bit and get an explanation of how they brought it on themselves again please ? 
  this commentary from america is very encouraging and gives hope that action will follow words - the current israeli regime is clearly never going to moderate its behaviour without significant foreign pressure . 
  happily the present regime are actually so extreme that even the us government , previously reluctant to chastise their israeli `` allies '' , is having to publicly criticise these former sacred cows . 
  what every country in the world except israel wants to see in the region is peace and a fair settlement . 
  ironically it might just be netanyahu 's gang of cronies ' very extremism that brings this to pass , finally ending the occupation with its attendant illegal colonisation of the wb and the daily horror show of brutality/apartheid oppression that allows that colonisation to proceed . 
  edit : spelling, 
  hey - me too !, 
  i 'm actually thought to be allergic to the whole family of `` cillin '' anti-biotics . 
  after getting really bad drug fever from flucloxacillin ( though only after two weeks ... ) i am * not * keen to test that hypothesis thoroughly though . 
  great summation - i think you captured all the salient points . 
  history certainly gives one a great insight into what it is to * be * human and provides a sense of connection with all those humans who have gone before us . 
  it can also help put the issues of our time , or even personal problems , into perspective . 
  there really is not much new under the sun , and i for one find that knowledge to be reassuring . 
  i really enjoyed visiting plitvice - it 's just so beautiful there , honestly one of the loveliest places i have ever visited . 
  croatia is such a brilliant place to take a holiday ; i 'm going back there in september and really can not wait ( though i wo n't be visiting plitvice again unfortunately as i 'm spending almost the whole time on the dalmatian coast and brac ) . 
  i even remember where along the trail this waterfall and pool are - the day i went a couple of guys were swimming on the edge of this pool , which i am pretty sure is not allowed . 
  as well as how beautiful the whole park is , i really liked watching the fish from the boardwalk . 
  the whole system is packed with trout and some of them are * huge * . 
  i threw up * all over * my friend 's en suite bathroom , after three of us each raided our parents ' booze stashes and ended up drinking a mixture of white wine , scotch and beer ... 
  there are some amazing views there , from massive , sweeping vistas of the whole system of lakes to beautiful little secluded glens . 
  oh , that would have been disappointing , but i bet the waterfalls looked impressive with so much water around !, 
  bigots gon na be bigoted ... 
  sick puppies !, 
  yes . 
  well , you see dates grow on date palms , and , as is the way with the whole circle of life thing , date seeds grow into palms . 
  menachem begin was a terrorist - nothing more , nothing less . 
  noble freedom fighters of course . 
  not really , i would describe them the same way . 
  fair 's fair . 
  a two-state solution is certainly what i believe would be the best outcome for both peoples ' national interest and for a lasting peace . 
  tbh we probably are n't even that far apart on how to achieve it : the basic process , the foundations of what a deal needs to address and the guarantees etc that would have to be met are all pretty well agreed upon by those genuinely interested in a peace deal , with details making up much of what needs to be still resolved . 
  i would agree that you 're more pessimistic , but i can empathise with why that is entirely . 
  at least it has n't turned you into a bitter/hyper-cynical extremist , despite this all affecting your day-to-day !, 
  it 's interesting that you describe yourself as centre-left ; i identify politically as centre-right !, 
  part of the gap in perceptions is our social context : australia ( where i live ) and the uk ( where i was born and have lived ) - together with most of europe - has a much more moderate-left political baseline than the usa or ( afa *** i *** k ) israel , particularly with regards to social issues ( as opposed to financial/economic ) . 
  obviously this colours our views , but i believe another dynamic is also that conversations on reddit tend to be very polarised . 
  there certainly is n't much room for nuance when talking with people who are n't actually interested in conversation as much as they are in shouting their ideas at everyone ... 
  let me start by saying i do n't consider myself part of any anti-israeli movement - i am actually very * pro * - israel and support israel 's right to continued self-determination and security 100 % , whilst otoh i do not support the actions of hamas ( for example ) in the least . 
  you might have got the wrong idea because i support palestine and its people gaining those same basic human rights - self-determination and security - * as well as israel keeping them * ( you might think i mean * instead of * israel as it seems to be a common delusion among israelis that anyone who would like the palestinians freed from the jackbooted heel of the occupation is automatically anti-israel , when that is not at all the case ) ... 
  however , to answer your question about why israel 's government is a regime , the main reason is due to the nature of its policies and behaviour in the west bank ( rather than in israel ) , where a military government is in place , inflicting martial law upon the native inhabitants . 
  in that context , you can see why i chose regime , surely ? 
  why do you think describing the israeli government as a regime is `` neo-colonialist '' ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i just ca n't make those two concepts connect as they are entirely unrelated . 
  indeed , the only neo-colonialism * i * see is the illegal colonisation of the wb by the illegal settlers . 
  i find it very interesting that you chose to describe opposition to israel 's literal colonialism as `` neocolonialism '' ... 
  finally , i hope my first paragraph made this clear , but of course i - a zionist myself - do not think of israelis as less than equal to myself and the western democracies i am a citizen of ( two ) , just different . 
  obviously israel is not the same as a liberalist , western democracy with its authority predicated on the rule of law and a concept of basic , universal human rights , but that does n't mean israeli ( or palestinian for that matter ) people are somehow lesser . 
  it would take a massively bigoted individual in this day and age to believe that * any * national group is somehow superior to any other - most westerners simply do not think that way . 
  i do n't think regime is an unfairly pejorative term with which to describe israel 's government . 
  however , you are entitled to your own opinion on the matter and the fact yours differs from mine is perfectly ok . 
  the israeli regime 's occupation of the wb and gaza is , of course , fundamentally different from the behaviour of the west in iraq and trying to paint them as being the same just makes you seem deeply dishonest , or at best utterly blind to the reality of the situation . 
  the west 's occupation of iraq was intended to last only until a new iraqi government was able to manage its own internal security and indeed when that goal was achieved the west withdrew . 
  there was never any question of it being a matter of territorial gain , as is the case in the west bank . 
  nonetheless , fyi , i did not support the invasion of iraq and do not consider it one of the west 's positive endeavours in any way , shape or form - especially as it was preceded by a campaign of deliberate lies about wmds aimed at overcoming public discomfort and objections to the invasion . 
  as an aside , [ israel 's role of providing intelligence it knew to be false and agitating for regime change ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/mehdi-hasan/2010/02/iraq-war-israel-bush-saddam ) in the lead-up to the 2003 iraq war is in some regards more sinister than the west 's , given the cynically self-interested and hypocritical motivations for israel 's manipulations of the west . 
  btw , your assumption that i do not criticise other countries is entirely unfounded . 
  please do n't place me into a pigeonhole just because you do not like the mirror i hold up to your society . 
  if you look though my posts you will see criticisms of ksa ( lots ) , erdogan 's turkey , india , pakistan , myanmar and many other nations/governments including both my own australian government and that of other western nations - i certainly do not treat israel uniquely . 
  i do perhaps discuss israel more than some other offending nations , but that is simply because there is a constant stream of horrific incidents that emerges from the occupation ( and the conflict the occupation causes ) and because there are people who try to blanket these discussions with apologia for even the most heinous acts committed by israel 's regime or security forces . 
  i can assure you that if people were on here trying to do the same for north korea i would raise my objections to their arguments just as strongly . 
  what you are describing as neo-colonialism sounds more like paternalism , a subset of the attitudes that made up the european colonial-era view of the world 's less developed nations . 
  whilst paternalism is an unpleasant form of cultural arrogance that can sometimes include a racist element ; however , that is not what drives my interest in the subject . 
  it is very blinkered to think the west lacks a role or stake in the israeli-palestinian conflict - regional stability in that region affects the world over , but particularly europe as europe really is not very distant for a start . 
  the matter actually * needs * to be adjudicated by an international body due partially to israel 's intransigent refusal to follow international laws , despite being signatory to the treaty defining those laws . 
  if the parties involved can not behave in a civilised manner then more civilised nations have a moral obligation to provide guidance and assistance ; to shine a light into the darkness as it were . 
  actual , literal , neo-colonialism is what we see from israel 's religious-nationalist right-wing extremists and in the wb as the settlers ( often religious-nationalists ) take land from the indigenous inhabitants ( illegally under international law ) , ethnically cleanse the `` settled '' areas , impose an apartheid regime of two sets of laws based of ethno-religious identity within the wb that is significantly harsher for the areas actual native residents and provoke violent confrontations with the rightful owners knowing that the idf will step in to `` protect '' the illegal settlers from the consequences of their . 
  this can only be viewed as a program of racist violence , justified in its proponents ' eyes by a bigoted belief system that holds that the illegal settlers somehow have more right to live there than the indigenous population of people whose ancestors have continuously inhabited the land for the past two thousand years and another thousand years before that . 
  claiming the west is engaged in neo-colonialism comes across as nothing more than a childish `` no , you are '' type response to valid criticisms tbh . 
  your sense of grievance and victimisation seems to be impairing your ability to read what was actually written . 
  i have to ask , will you accept * any * criticism of israel as legitimate , or are people simply not allowed to question what happens there ?
