  it was a cynical and unnecessary manoeuvre that risked the destruction of humanity to essentially spare them further battlefield humiliation and enabled them to retain the ill-gotten gains of the '67 war of territorial expansion . 
  i love this picture and the story that goes with it !, 
  it helps that the skyraider is one of my all time favourite airplanes - an amazing warplane if ever there was one with an outstanding service record across both korea and vietnam . 
  it was also , of course , the inspiration for the beloved warthog which - no matter what one 's position is regarding it vs the f-35 - is another favourite of many , myself included . 
  was it real baguette bread or just normal bread baked into a stick though ? 
  shooting someone . 
  even if one accepts the official idf casualty figures ( which are * highly * unreliable , given the idf 's known propensity for being extremely economical with the truth and how significantly lower than those provided by independent , unbiased international bodies that monitored the idf 's assault on gaza they are ) , during the - surely ironically named ? 
  - operation protective edge over 1000 palestinian civilians died compared to just ** six ** israeli civilians killed by rockets in the same period . 
  how , therefore , is it remotely misleading to say that the idf kills more palestinian civilians than hamas does israeli civilians ? 
  clearly in this situation the gun is not to blame : the child is . 
  i hope the sheriff 's department shows some common sense and charges the kid as an adult . 
  brit sounds like something from a newspaper headline . 
  i 'm an australian born in the uk ( to aussie parents ) and raised there until my early teens , and i * do * occasionally use brit , but only when informing misguided indian nationalist redditors `` how much better off they were under the brits '' ( and similar such sentences ) when they go off onto hate rants about the british role in india . 
  before anyone gets offended , i do n't * really * believe colonialism is good whatsoever - i just ca n't help myself tweaking nationalists ' noses . 
  should n't that be english-british ? 
  if we follow the standard international pattern ( as provided by our benevolent seppo overlords ) the specific ethnicity precedes the national identity . 
  how would you view a half west indian/half english person ? 
  can they call themselves english , or should they call themselves british-west indian-english , just british-west indian or do you prefer mulatto or something ? 
  edit : spelling . 
  my stupid tablet did n't know how spell a perfectly normal , everyday word like mulatto ... 
  so if a jewish woman wants a divorce she just has to serve gefilte fish * every day * , instead of just on shabbat ? 
  another generation lost to [ yiffing ] ( https://www.reddit.com/subreddits/search?q=yiff+ ) ... 
  it 's a bit late to shoot him now , he 's not even in custody anymore . 
  stupid revolving door jails . 
  they * could * send the county swat team round to gather further evidence and `` charge him as a black male '' then ... 
  you only end up with a fuzzy sausage if you ask for the haircut with a happy ending . 
  that 's # 2 extra . 
  very brave admiral there - do n't those things crash [ * all the time * ] ( https://www.google.com.au/search?q=chetak+helicopter&amp;rlz=1c9bkja_enau627au628&amp;oq=cheetak&amp;aqs=chrome.3.69i57j0l3.6477j0j8&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hl=en-gb#hl=en-gb&amp;q=chetak+helicopter+crash ) ? 
  rotties are the best dogs . 
  the mum looks exactly like my old girl , who passed almost exactly two years ago after thirteen wonderful years of companionship and joy . 
  forward basing of us forces in australia has increased dramatically over the past few years , with roughly a blt 's worth of marines based on a rotational basis in darwin in addition to long-standing joint installations such as the pine gap elint base and regular visits from us navy vessels from carrier strike groups to subs and everything in between . 
  i do n't think the australian govt would accept nukes being based here , at least not publicly ; however , they 're perfectly capable of simply not telling us if they were to make any such arrangement ... 
  an accident where the pilots made multiple passes , even strafing survivors in the water , followed up by a torpedo boat attack ... 
  maybe the word accident loses something in translation , but generally in english that type of thing is n't classified as accidental . 
  do you have any * proof * it was not a deliberate attack on a known us ship ? 
  recordings of the pilots talking about the egyptian ship they were going to attack ? 
  intelligence reports ? 
  the orders the pilots were issued ? 
  i 'm sorry , but the bland assurances of israeli politicians and pundits do n't actually constitute proof of anything much , so we 're going to need something better than those . 
  [ it is hard not to be at least a little bit suspicious when * even the idf report * states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_liberty_incident#israeli_government_investigations ) :, 
   in the historical report , it was acknowledged that idf naval headquarters knew at least three hours before the attack that the ship was `` an electromagnetic audio-surveillance ship of the u.s. navy '', 
  edit : no sources ? 
  i thought you pro-israeli chappies * loved * sources ... you 're always quick enough to demand them . 
  it 's a great picture - captures the size of the engine and propeller very clearly !, 
  one minor question : as it 's wearing usaf markings should n't the designation be a1-e ? 
  i 'm not a supporter of the bds movement and i disagree 100 % completely with their goals including israel 's destruction , but what exactly does bds have to do with these guys ? 
  the article does n't even say they were involved with the bds movement in any way . 
  they are n't even palestinians , but israeli citizens ... 
  that is a very positive indication that israeli women are enjoying the benefits of gender equality , eg developing satisfying careers rather than just popping out babies . 
  let 's hope this trend continues !, 
  hey man , i was n't being snippy , it was just a question ... 
  1 ) obviously from the perspective one ca n't see the vnaf markings , but it 's cool that they marked her up like that . 
  it 's pretty rare to see aircraft wearing their markings , though the temora air museum in australia has their a-37 wearing a vnaf scheme and i know there are some others out there . 
  that 3/4 view is another great picture too btw . 
  2 ) i still thought the vnaf used the common designation system ( ie a-1e instead of ad-5 ) though . 
  at least whenever i have read about vnaf aircraft they have always been described as such ... 
  3 ) yep , i put the dash in the wrong place !, 
  that 's a good enough reason . 
  different countries do it differently and i think the us ordering is actually the less common choice , having had a little look around today . 
  england has always had waves of immigration , since the roman empire , but genetic studies have shown that the genes of the native britons ( correct usage of * that * word ! ), 
  still make up a decent percentage of british dna , indicating the various newcomers mingled with those who were there before them . 
  in that sense the example of a half-indian and half-english person is a clear continuation of that part of england 's history and culture . 
  i agree though that it is hard to call a recent , ethnically `` pure '' ( loath as i am to use that word in this context ) immigrant english , as english is an ethnicity ... 
  quick - to the other threads to harvest the top comments !, 
  now the toddler needs to tried as an adult for attempted murder . 
  * that * makes much more sense than sensible gun laws . 
  obviously they 'll have to change their name to fisa so real football ^ ^ ^ tm fans do n't get confused , but otherwise what a * brilliant * idea !, 
  actually , that 's not true . 
  the stereotype existed long before hitler !, 
  i think it goes back to medieval times , but you 'd have to google that to make completely sure . 
  israel has way more american blood on their hands than the palestinians do full stop . 
  you seem to have a bizarre view of your `` powers as a us citizen '' . 
  tell me , what other `` powers '' do you have ? 
  34 us servicemen were killed on the uss liberty alone ; palestinians have not killed anywhere near that number of americans . 
  you might forgive israel her manifest sins , but i 'm not sure that matters . 
  this story has been non-stop spammed into r/worldnews for several days now , despite its being entirely unsubstantiated . 
  i personally can not wait until it 's been a week just so we do n't have to keep seeing it clogging up the feed . 
  i realise israelis strongly believe that the more times one repeats a lie the more truthful it becomes , but i wish they would shed this delusion . 
  i for one am sick of having to downvote the same crap day after day after day , whilst in the background israel 's crimes grow ever more egregious . 
  we do n't know . 
  israel prefers nuclear armed , submarine launched `` popeye '' cruise missiles which are tested in the southern ocean and do not attract the attention of ballistic missile tests , even ballistic missiles that can only be fitted with conventional warheads . 
  if this even happened . 
  no actual proof has been offered up in these articles which all quote only the same , singular `` source '' and there has been no diplomatic response reported , even from israel whose bellicosity may always be relied upon . 
  well israel keeps threatening iran . 
  israel also threatens the eu , france , sweden and even the us whenever any censure is raised for israel 's egregious behaviour . 
  laughably , considering israel 's blatant disregard for international law , the israeli government regularly waves the threat of legal action over issues such as the correct labelling of products . 
  israel also bombs its neighbours with depressing regularity for `` offences '' that for the most part are entirely unproven . 
  happily the russian presence in syria has greatly curtailed the iaf 's activities recently , but they still bomb whomever they still can ... 
  israel is essentially a rogue state that displays complete disregard for international laws , norms of behaviour and opinion in its quixotic quest for `` security '' ... 
  it 's not jews who are the problem , or even all of the israeli population . 
  most jews are normal , decent , moral human beings who simply want to live their lives and play no part in the conflict in palestine . 
  the problems are all caused by the current , extreme-right-wing israeli regime and its unholy alliance with the exceptionally , intrinsically bigoted ultra-zionists . 
  these factions `` lead '' the nation and the pernicious effects of this `` leadership '' may clearly be seen in horrifying facts such as half of all israelis supporting ethnic cleansing !, 
  such deep-rooted and shameless bigotry is a success for the regime after years of internally directed propaganda and disinformation campaigns designed to engender support for netanyahu 's politics of fear and his desire for endless conflict . 
  effectively many israelis are victims of brainwashing by their own government to the point they can not even discern how ludicrous , ignorant and racist their opinions are . 
  this is especially prevalent amongst young israelis in a very clear parallel to the children who grew up under such criminal regimes of the 20th century as the soviet and maoist communists in russia and china respectively . 
  the evidence for this is manifest in many pro-israeli comments one may read in this sub . 
  these commenters ' entire understanding of history , morality and simple , basic humanism has been warped so greatly that they no longer capable of critical thought , let alone self-reflection . 
  they genuinely believe israel does no wrong and has every right to stomp all over not just the palestinians , but anyone who questions the regime or its actions . 
  at times this can be chilling - some of the opinions expressed are truly vile - though it is important to remember some of these comments are posted by agents provocateur whose aim is to stir up outrage against israel to provoke `` anti-israeli '' responses that they then spin as being anti-semitic .
