  the israeli pm to whom you refer , yitzhak shamir was one of the * leaders * of the stern gang ( aka lehi ) who were responsible for that terrorist attack , killing count bernadotte for the `` crime '' of wishing to mediate peace between palestinian arabs and israeli jews . 
  this was despite bernadotte 's record of saving thousands of european jews from death at the hands of the nazis during wwii and the fact he was in palestine to help israel establish itself ... 
  this almost feels like history repeating . 
  yet again israeli leaders are condemning sweden for having the temerity to wish to mediate peace between palestinian arabs and israeli jews . 
  where do you sit on the autism scale ? 
  i do n't think a medium would be the best choice for carrying out such an investigation . 
  all spiritualist/occultists/psychics - including mediums - have long since been discredited in western nations . 
  as such any findings arrived at by a medium would not be considered trustworthy or even believable outside israel . 
  an ngo would be better . 
  amnesty international , the unhrc , b'tselem or even a specially convened un investigative team made up of western police . 
  ... and what about the jews who were killed by the romans in 67ad ? 
  some of them would have been stabbed too , just for being jewish . 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  occasionally - albeit very rarely i agree - idf members will be charged and very occasionally even convicted for atrocities they have committed . 
  the punishments meted out only ever amount to slaps on the wrist , but it 's not quite accurate to claim, 
   they ca n't be responsible for their own actions . 
  ever . 
  i would actually argue that they should n't be shot on sight for property damage alone , but it is great to see a pro-israeli redditor openly stating * any * `` anti-settler position '' . 
  i understand that you are specifically talking about settlers who commit violent crimes against palestinians and not all settlers , but all too often pro-israeli posters will not criticise * any * israeli action no matter what that may be , in the same way that too often pro-palestinian commenters will never acknowledge israel 's right to exist , the innocence of the vast bulk of the israeli population , * any * of the good aspects to the israeli nation or - in the worst cases - * any * palestinian culpability . 
  it 's good to see people taking and expressing positions that are more nuanced than `` x good/y bad '' where x and y are either palestine or israel depending on where they stand . 
  ha ha , i know - i was just being a bit silly . 
  i 'm glad to see you took it as intended . 
  i get that some of the organisations i mooted would have as little credibility as an actual medium would , but i really do n't understand the issue with amnesty . 
  to me they seem to be a pretty credible organisation without any inherent political bias . 
  were n't they founded by a jew ? 
  i think the only investigative body that all parties would even possibly find acceptable would have to be a specially convened team ; however , even then i am sure some individuals on both sides would refuse to accept their findings ... 
  a ) it 's not a facetious claim & b ) i was referring to your repetitive pattern of questioning and inability to interpret meaning that is not explicitly spelled out for you . 
  autism is defined as :, 
   a mental condition , present from early childhood , characterized by great difficulty in communicating and forming relationships with other people and in using language and abstract concepts . 
  you seemed to be suffering great difficulty in using language and understanding the underlying abstract concept that she did n't * need * to explicitly state that only `` innocent '' palestinians ' deaths were to be included in the investigation , or even that not all palestinians killed were `` guilty '' . 
  it also seems to have escaped you that even an attacker 's death can constitute an extra-judicial killing depending on the exact circumstances . 
  let me spell it out for you very clearly . 
  just because she did not specifically say `` there are 52 palestinians who have been killed who were not attackers and it is only these individuals whose death should be investigated '' does not render those deaths unworthy of investigation , or mean that not all of the deaths should be investigated . 
  was it necessary to kill the attackers in * every * one of those cases , or could non-lethal means of neutralising the threat they presented been employed ? 
  killing every attacker , even when doing so was clearly excessive force ( eg the 16yo schoolgirl armed with a pair of scissors who had not killed anyone in her attack ) * still * constitutes an extra-judicial killing . 
  especially if it turns out that there was any kind of policy ( official , unofficial or even just as a consensus amongst idf members ) to kill any attacker without making any effort to simply restrain and arrest them . 
   most of the me wo n't accept any team israel would accept , so that 's a moot point in itself trying to appease both of those . 
  that is the great inherent difficulty in mediating * anything * to do with the conflict it seems to me . 
  i guess the best fit would be a multinational group with israel and palestine each getting to choose/veto a certain number of members ( similar to jury selection ) and some being appointed by the un ? 
  even then though - with a investigative body formed as fairly as possible - * some * people would indubitably still refuse to accept any findings . 
  it 's literally impossible to satisfy zealots of any persuasion ( not just in this scenario , but ever ) unless you agree 100 % with their world view so any team constituted would have to aim to satisfy a majority of all parties . 
  still hard , but ( hopefully ! ), 
  no longer impossible . 
   the rest of us are sick of hearing about them , i think . 
  i can imagine you guys probably are !, 
  i know from previous conversations that certainly not all israelis ( israeli redditors at least ) stand behind the settlements . 
  what you 're saying as to why some of those people will `` defend '' them makes sense - it 's an interesting perspective on it that i had n't properly considered before . 
  i will say though that were people here to make their personal lack of support for the settlements clear ( even - or rather especially - when debunking the `` disinformation '' to which you refer ) it would probably help make the conversations less partisan and vitriolic . 
  i do understand why that is not necessarily as simple as i made it sound , but i really do believe it would go a long way to defusing the toxic dynamic found in these threads . 
  equally , it is important for those people who disagree with certain aspects of israeli actions and policies to make clear that they are not attacking israel per se , supporting terrorism or solely blaming israel for the entirety of the whole mess . 
  of course , this is reddit though where everything is black and white , trolls roam trying to stir things up and some people are literally incapable of making any such distinctions . 
  people ca n't always type an essay to explain every subtlety of their opinion either ; however , the most interesting conversations i have had have generally come about when people are willing to at least acknowledge that the `` other 's '' point of view * does * have * some * validity . 
  i personally feel that hamas have forfeited any right to involvement in any kind of cooperative effort . 
  in a sea of shifting greys they - imo at least - are one solid black element due to the fact they absolutely refuse to cooperate with anyone else and because of the tactics they use , which are frankly indefensible . 
  sadly though it is n't that simple on the ground as they are the current government in gaza ; however , the recent attacks/attackers in question have all ( afaik ) been wb palestinians rather than gaza so - in this instance at least - i think their voice really does n't have any place at the hypothetical table . 
   shoot up places like san bernardino, 
  was ' t that more of a traditional , good old ` murican mass shooting because he did n't like his former colleagues dressed up as an islamist attack ? 
  more usps - than isis-style ... 
   by the way , sweden received an apology from shimon peres and the jewish national fund planted a forest of bernadotte trees in his honor . 
  a tree ? 
  in * that * case i guess the slate is wiped clean . 
   maybe we should spend more time dealing with what 's going on now than with what a paramilitary group who was disarmed and shamed by haganah did in 1947 . 
  the stern gang 's leader , yitzhak shamir , was given two terms as israeli pm , 1983 -- 84 and 1986 -- 1992 . 
  i guess by then his `` shaming '' had been forgotten or something had it ? 
  it * must have been * by 2001 , when shamir received the israel prize , for his lifetime achievements and special contribution to society and the state of israel . 
  yes , 1947 is nearly 70 years ago and it is time to move on from then . 
  however , 2001 is barely 15 years ago : as the israeli state is still honoring this `` shamed '' terrorist why * should * the rest of the world forget and move on ? 
  i enjoyed his next comment :, 
   i 'm not talking about restaurants , i 'm taking about public restrooms at stations , rest stops , tourist destinations , travel centers etc. 
  pay toilets or toilets with attendants are all over . 
  surely the opposite is true in the case of america , where in any restaurant or other venue flash enough to have a toilet attendant you would have to tip them , making paying for restaurant toilet usage a peculiarly american phenomenon ? 
  ~ ~ woosh . ~ ~, 
  ninja edit : maybe not . 
  i just checked out his post history and now conclude he * was n't * being ironic ... 
  international law * is * routinely stacked against israel because it targets immoral behaviours , the very behaviours that the israel state * most * like to participate in !, 
  it just wo n't let those wacky israelis have * any * fun !, 
  look at all the things it prohibits : stealing territory , murdering civilians , warmongering , apartheid ... 
  i mean , take away all of those activities and what 's left for a fun-loving state like israel to do ? 
  nothing . 
  that 's what . 
  and that is how international law is routinely stacked against israel . 
  definitely no investigation needed into israelis killing palestinians . 
  nope , nothing to see here ... 
  tamerlane : sword of islam , conquerer of the world is a brilliant book . 
  so few people seem to even be aware of timur despite the extent of his empire and its impact . 
  [ the empire did last past his death though ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timurid_empire ) , although much of it * was * lost fairly quickly . 
  parts remained in timurid hands for a long time though : the mughal empire in india , which held sway until the british moved in , was formed by timur 's descendant babur and has a significant history by itself . 
  timurid architecture is also beautiful and may be seen throughout central asia . 
  the most famous example is , of course , the taj mahal . 
  why are americans so obsessed with refugees in europe ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  in every / r/worldnews thread about the attacks in cologne , or paris , or anything to do with refugees many of the most strident voices decrying how much of a problem they are come from americans . 
  is it something to do with validating their country 's refusal to accept syrian refugees , maybe related to how their wars in the me led to many of the refugees becoming such or just ignorance and bigotry ? 
  of course plenty of europeans are n't happy with the situation , but it 's their problem at least . 
  how does it affect the americans ? 
  are they scared that if 10 % of the population of < * insert european country of origin here *  's population is muslim they 'll be considered 10 % of 1/4 muslim ( or whatever the maths might be in their unique case ) ? 
  in terms of relations with christians , the idea that the jews `` killed christ '' as promoted by the church was also a significant cause of friction . 
  mediaeval western culture ( and later ) was much more religious than our modern culture and affected people 's thinking to an extent many of us find difficult to comprehend today , even committed christians . 
  in that situation there is no difference ; however , many of the attackers have been killed once they no longer posed an imminent threat . 
  it is the fact that no effort seems to be made to arrest any of the attackers rather than killing them that has caused people to ask questions .
