  your link for `` maximum '' provides the most common usage of the word first ( not the last , least common , usage as cherry-picked by you !, 
  ) , that being :, 
   the greatest quantity or amount possible, 
  how can hamas be committing war crimes , as if they were a military , but not taking prisoners ( also like a military ) ? 
  surely they either just commit plain cold crimes , or they take military prisoners ? 
  and , how come israeli soldiers killing civilians under circumstances the israeli comptroller describes as possibly having violated international law is a tragedy , not a war crime ? 
  it 's all very confusing to someone who speaketh english not with a forked tongue ( if i may be allowed the conceit of employing some pseudo-biblical terminology in the obfuscationist spirit of your op ) . 
  anyway , i did n't set out to discuss the wrongs of hamas ( largely because they are not the subject of the article ) , but merely question your peculiar phrasing when describing what the `` hannibal doctrine '' entailed . 
  that 's all . 
   feel free to post some final dribble that you think somehow justifies you mangling of meaning and proves you ` right ' . 
  why thank you , i certainly shall avail myself of your kind offer , even though it is yet another example of an israeli usurping an authority that is not strictly theirs to hold ( ie it 's a parallel to the israeli courts deciding issues of international law unilaterally ... ) . 
  for a start , what personal attack ? 
  that honestly has me baffled , and , what 's more , * you 're * the one accusing * me * of being stupid here mate ... 
  your definitions are very much open to discussion , i must say . 
  for example , if we talk about the maximum violence possible i would say it probably involves a nuke ; however , it has not been suggested that israel has employed its illegal nuclear weapons in pursuit of the `` hannibal doctrine '' , has it ? 
  your next personal attack - in which you assert i must either be a `` dishonest propagandist '' ( do you mean `` shill '' , in plain english ? ), 
  or ignorant of basic english and incapable of rational discussion - is the very height of irony , given that ( at the risk of sounding repetitive and until you led us down this meandering path ) it was i questioning your choice of weasel words over plain language when describing what the `` hannibal doctrine '' actually entailed ... 
  edit : phrasing for clarity ... 
  the rule of law is evidently a dangerously thin veneer over there , in the great society ^ ^ tm and something to be despised by all lovers of freedumb . 
  the gfc passed australia by because it coincided with a massive resources boom here - this had absolutely * nothing * to do with * either * party 's policies and if you are unaware of that resources boom then perhaps yes , you are ignorant ... 
  `` bear '' is correct ; it is the same ( literally in this case ) as bearing a burden . 
  `` bare with me '' would be an invitation to undress ... 
  a sumerian cuneiform clay tablet ,  3,000-4 ,000 yo . 
  i have a couple of other little antiquities , but that 's the oldest . 
  depends who awards the prizes , really ... 
  our national reliance on primary production is generally an economic weakness which turned out , at that point in history , to instead be a benefit . 
  surely , seeing as it has one , but not the other , the label is actually missing only a parenthesis ( even though when referring to punctuation they are usually only ever referred to in pairs ) rather than a parentheses ? 
  romans did it with their `` year of the four emperors '' ... 
  this is a most encouraging move by the british authorities . 
  that ai n't no lady , that 's a war criminal !, 
  squatting everywhere ? 
  check . 
  check ? 
  x-post to r/slavssquatting !, 
  no need to shout . 
   disproved in court . 
  which court ? 
  let me guess ... 
  well what you said was nonsense , so imo he rather did you a kindness ignoring it . 
  finkelstein is a highly respected academic , outside of certain special interest groups whose narrative hegemony he has the temerity to challenge . 
  at least you were accurate in admitting you described the `` alleged story about dershowitz '' and not the truth of the matter . 
  where is the ad hominem you refer to ? 
  yet again your sense of outrage is overtaking your ability to articulate exactly what you 're so outraged about , or come up with plausible imaginary outrages . 
  how do the settlements count as legal then ? 
  i mean i realise they 're * not * , but i have seen you bleat on about various legal fig-leaves in the past ; however , without * any * concept of squatters ' rights , the illegal settlers ' position seems even more legally untenable , despite whatever diktats the israeli `` legal '' ( surely * that 's * an oxymoron if ever there was one , `` israeli legal system '' , lol ) sees fit to issue in its ongoing defiance of established international law ? 
  say whatever you like , but talking about misappropriation of land is the exact topic here and as such scarcely any kind of whataboutism . 
  well i 'm an australian of european descent ; however , were i an australian aboriginal i would most likely have already been granted native title over land my ancestors had been using traditionally for many generations instead of having to apply for kafkaesque permits so your analogy is somewhat moot . 
  i 'm just in favour of traditional owners being allowed self-determination * as well as * colonialists , something you seem to consider anathema . 
  finkelstein is scarcely a holocaust denier - he actually lost many family members to the holocaust and it is his empathy for those on the receiving end of dictatorial bigots that led to his outrage at israel 's cynical manipulation of the natural sympathy for such an indescribable tragedy . 
  his argument is not that there was no holocaust , rather it is that israel 's use of the holocaust to excuse their every crime is an abuse of the holocaust victims ' legacy . 
  but you knew that ... 
  again , which court was this `` proven '' in ? 
  to whose standard of proof ? 
  ( they 're rhetorical questions , no need to answer - we * all * already know which court and whose standard of proof , when applied to whom what 's more ... ), 
  that 's a semantic argument anyway , given that they 're * nomads *, 
  reference please . 
  that 's not what i said , and we 're not talking about the middle of tel aviv here either ... 
  ca n't you just find a simple quote from the man himself , given how prolific an author he is ? 
  tbh i did n't read that wall of text , but i have read finkelstein and i never thought of anything i read as being anything close to holocaust denial . 
  even find just a non-partisan source that calls him a holocaust denier , instead of that hysterical nonsense . 
  i just asked for a reference - the man himself , denying the holocaust or saying that less than 6,000,000 died , in so many words . 
  it ca n't be * that * hard if what you say is true . 
  slander by foaming-at-the-mouth fanatics such as wrote the rant you linked in scarcely fair nor reasonable . 
  certainly what you provided was not a reference such as i asked for in any way , shape or form . 
  no , but otoh they control massive wealth they gather by way of royalties . 
  where there is no conflict in land use or ownership the aboriginals will generally be given control , otherwise they will be allowed traditional use ( in this case habitation ) to whatever extent possible and compensation . 
  you can not seriously be saying 10km outside * beersheeba * ( pop : 200,000 ) to the fringes of melbourne , a city of * millions * in a densely populated region of the country ,, 
  if israel has given these people land then why are n't they living there ? 
  there 's nothing about these people being given anything ... 
  or do you mean israel gave `` some arabs , some land '' - which of either being immaterial - i mean , there 's 22 muslim countries they can live in , right ? 
  aborigines is considered racist and paternalistic btw . 
  australian aboriginals is the correct term . 
  you , iirc , were an australian , though your posts give the strong impression you seem to have shed most australian values for the extreme right-wing bigotry of your adoptive home , so i hesitate to address you `` aussie to aussie '' . 
  nonetheless , you know full well that hyde park and the negev are not remotely comparable and that native title was written such that where there was conflict commonwealth title wins . 
  nonetheless there are massive differences between australia and and israel that do , imho , allow us some moral latitude to at least comment on the ongoing colonialism of israel :, 
  1 ) we recognise the great wrong we did , and feel shame for it - we openly admit this , instead of trying lie about it , hide it or blame the aboriginals . 
  2 ) we are doing our best to repair the wrong as best we can , not trying to kill and drive off as many aboriginals as we possibly can in an ongoing orgy of colonialist violence ( ironically blamed on its victims ... ) . 
  you should know aborigines is considered racist and paternalistic , and the term australian aboriginals is correct . 
  the fact you use aborigines speaks volumes for your attitude and own attendant worthiness to pass comment . 
  true enough such problems are not unique to israel ; however , it 's the other conflicts over land in palestine which gives this a reasonable that is perhaps greater than it might have elsewhere . 
  if israel would like them to urbanise though , then why be so intractable about this piece of the negev desert ? 
  i know , we sucked . 
  * still * better than israel though . 
  ok , but that 's not what * anyone * else is trying to say . 
  i wo n't defend him for that , but it does n't diminish his scholarship , it just means maybe he 's a bit of a prick . 
  ( or maybe dershowitz is , or most likely they both are ... ), 
  academia is notorious for its bitch fights , as is the ideologically loaded discussion surrounding israel 's illegal activities in palestine . 
  yeah , see we believe different cultures * can * share the land . 
  no ethnic cleansing necessary . 
  of course we behaved terribly , but things have improved markedly and continue to do so . 
  once the right-wing fanatics in israel are brought to heel the same process cab begin there . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've spent more time in close proximity with real bush aboriginals than you have , and outside of some `` experience '' . 
  i do n't think you are qualified to speak for most australians . 
  i have read enough of your posts to understand exactly why you left . 
  your views would be considered extreme here , if openly articulated outside the jewish community . 
  regarding the australian aboriginals specifically , you call them aborigines for fuck 's sake ... 
  it is literally * impossible * for you to argue ( as you seem to be trying ) that australian policies and attitudes towards australian aboriginals are as toxic as those of israelis towards palestinians in any way , shape or form . 
  israel land policy and rule of law are oxymoronic . 
  the aboriginal tent embassy on the lawn of the old parliament house in canberra has been a semi-permanent fixture since 1972 we have never bulldozed .
