  ok , you make some fair points and i can understand the positing of simplified positions on the internet instead of trying to fully explain nuanced positions to people he 'll - bent on propaganda . 
  it sounds as though , were we to sit down with a glass of something nice and have a real conversation we would actually find we had more common ground than points of difference ( not that everyone has to agree about everything . . ) ; i too painted an over simplified picture of my position to make a point , but i am actually ( genuinely ) supportive of israel wrt to everything except the settlement/palestinian issue , and even those i accept are complicated . 
  also , let me apologise for the grammar bs - i have to admit it * was * hard at a couple of points , but yes i could follow . 
  it seems i had you pinned incorrectly as an ideologue zealot , but i can both respect and agree with many of the new points you have raised in your last two replies . 
  the disgusting practice of australian politicians from both major parties being allowed to enjoy junkets to israel as regularly as they have been has resulted in a number of situations that have further tarnished australia 's international image - this distressing ( as a humanist australian ) indictment of our government 's blind support for israel 's brutal colonial project in occupied palestine merely being the latest in a shameful litany . 
  let us not forget the [ case last year of the sexually-abusive melbourne headmistress being allowed to flee justice to israel ( where she has been shielded from extradition attempts by the ultra-orthodox community to which she belongs ) following her despicable abuse of the students entrusted to her care ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-04-07/malka-leifer-and-melbournes-secretive-adass-community/7306950 ) . 
  nor should we disregard tony abbott 's recent holiday in israel , as the israeli regime 's guest , and resultant unfortunate , ill-informed commentary stating that australia should refuse aid to the palestinian people ( among the poorest and most vulnerable communities in the world , under the heel of the settlers ' jackboot as they are ) . 
  we should also not let the memory of australian man ben zygier - [ better known as prisoner x ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_ben_zygier ) - who `` killed himself '' in a `` suicide-proof cell '' after becoming involved with mossad following a move to isrrael . 
  speaking of mossad , they have also been guilty of further transgressions against the interests of the australian people , including , but not limited to :, 
  - [ manufacturing fake australian passports for use in covert operations , thus endangering * real * australians travelling in the mena region by throwing suspicion upon them ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2010-02-26/mossad-factory-churned-out-fake-australian/343612 ), 
  - [ specifically using australian passport to assassinate a suspected hamas member in dubai in a typically israeli extrajudicial murder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_of_mahmoud_al-mabhouh#suspects ), 
  - [ refusing to cooperate with australian authorities after such incidents as those mentioned above ] ( http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/distrustful-mossad-wont-replace-top-spy-in-canberra/news-story/7e1d3d881dd3e7b90ab7e9142fb04cf2 ), 
  despite all of these assaults on our citizens ' rights and our values , as well as the amoral nature of the israeli regime 's actions in palestine , lebanon , syria and beyond , our politicians * keep * accepting these junkets and the policy position decried by the palestinian spokesman in this article is the result , a matter of national shame to all australians imo . 
  you hit the nail on the head - i honestly do n't know of a single australian who is n't also an israeli dual-citizen who shares this complete disregard for the intrinsic human rights of the palestinians our government displays . 
  equally , most people support the jewish people 's right to self-determination ( as i do ) , but why should israel be allowed this and the palestinians not ? 
  it 's true that both sides often tend towards flights of rhetoric that verge on the melodramatic when such subjects are discussed ; however , i feel , in this instance , the criticism of australia 's government 's position as expressed within the article * is * fair and justified . 
  the conflict is not simply black-and-white/good-and-evil with the palestinians entirely innocent victims of the evil israelis ; however , the current israeli regime seems bent on preventing a peaceful resolution ( and why would n't they , given how much they benefit in terms of military aid which they then parlay into continuous territorial expansion - something that will have to be curbed once an agreement is reached ? ), 
  whilst our government 's position is nominally that a negotiated peace resulting in a two-state solution is the proper legally and morally desirable outcome : the issue is that despite that nominally being our national position , the current government 's recent statements do not clearly define that outcome as being what we support , but rather lend unconscionable support to israel 's ongoing egregious settlement expansion . 
  which `` democratic ally '' would that be ? 
  israel is superficially democratic , albeit currently heavily dominated by an extreme right-wing religio-nationalist crypto-fascist establishment , but as the examples i have provided in the comment you replied to the `` alliance '' seems very , very one-sided as israel 's regime flaunts its utter disregard for the interests of the australian nation , people and cultural values . 
  in any case that is a very disingenuous interpretation of what i wrote . 
  of course australia should work towards maintaining our friendship/alliance ( such as it is ) with israel ; however , we should not abandon our morality and values by throwing the palestinians under the bus to do so . 
  * that * is the matter of shame , compounded massively by the fact that so many of our politicians have enjoyed israel 's hospitality on junkets over the past few years - and seemingly sold out their values by giving their support ( and hence * our * , the australian people 's , support ) in return for these holidays . 
  tony abbott 's recent [ trip and commentary ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-01-02/tony-abbott-suggests-moving-australias-israel-embassy-jerusalem/8157290 ) illustrates this to perfection ; however , politicians from both major parties are tainted by such association with the criminal regime in tel aviv , and by the resulting blind support for israel 's ongoing crimes ( against the geneva convention part iv specifically ) which does not reflect the views of any non-israeli-dual-citizen australian i have ever spoken to . 
  australia should , of course , * always * support israel 's right to security and self-determination ; we just should n't support the colonisation of what remains of palestine too . 
  it 's not a security issue , it 's a land grab that causes the conflict and we should not allow our hands to be tainted by the blood of innocent palestinians anymore than by the blood of innocent israelis . 
  israel does n't have the same seperation of its religious and secular authorities as we do here , with their religious leaders exercising what we in australia would consider a massively undue influence over everything from education to whom one may marry , but , nonetheless , i would n't classify israel as a theocracy per se . 
  the correct descriptor is a religio-nationalist cryptofascist pseudodemocracy . 
  i do n't think that 's an issue at all . 
  while we still have a way to go in terms of bringing our indigenous population 's living standards up to where i think we would all like them to be , the legal relationship between the indigenous populations and the commonwealth is very clearly defined - for a start we recognise and acknowledge that the australian aboriginal tribals groups * are * the indigenous population ( while israel indulges in a viciously concerted campaign of propaganda and lies denying that the palestinians are even the original inhabitants and claiming that european colonists whose connexion goes back two to three generations tops are somehow more native to the region , despite genetic studies , historical record and the self-evident presence of the palestinians in the areas being `` settled '' , which is in and of itself a disingenuous euphemism for `` colonised '' ) . 
  we have also enacted significant legislation surrounding native title , in addition to other measures that formalise and enshrine this relationship and guarantee the rights of both native and post-colonial members of the commonwealth . 
  australia 's legal status is simply not in question . 
  edit : as the article states , part of the palestinian criticism is in fact derived from the fact that australia nominally supports a two-state solution , whilst currently offering disproportionate support for the israelis over the palestinians :, 
   dr ashrawi said it is time for a country like australia , which is committed to the two-state solution , to back that up by recognising an independent palestinian state . 
   a spokesperson for foreign minister julie bishop said australia 's long-standing position was that a palestinian state could only be achieved through direct negotiations with israel . 
   however dr ashrawi says ms bishop can not `` just keep selling us verbal statements about two states '' . 
   `` when australia repeats or ms bishop repeats that australians will accept a palestinian state only as a result of negotiations between the two parties this is extremely ironic because we are a people under occupation and we are asked to negotiate with our occupier in order to be free , '' she said . 
  my comment was written as a somewhat tongue-in-cheek response to yours ; i was trying to highlight the highly prejudicial nature of your mischaracterisation of the palestinian leadership , in the west bank at least . 
  fatah are not an islamist party , although hamas obviously are . 
  i do n't think that anyone who has more than a passing knowledge of the situation believes that peace will be achieved with hamas ; it is fatah with whom a two-state solution will be negotiated . 
  unfortunately , the ongoing oppression inherent in the occupation and illegal colonisation of palestine drives people into the arms of groups such as hamas and yes , even isis . 
  an end to the `` settlement '' program would both strengthen the more moderate palestinian leaders ' hand whilst simultaneously rendering the religious extremists less appealing ; however , israel instead continuously chooses to double-down on the provocations - both practical ( land-grabs , checkpoints , killings ) and rhetorical ( read the crap that key regime inner `` security cabinet '' members naftali bennett or ayelet shaked spew out regularly . . ) in what certainly appears to be a deliberate choice to continue the conflict rather than genuinely seeking a solution . 
  this is not a black-and-white issue , as you have tried to paint it . 
  there are rights and wrongs on both sides ' arguments and actions . 
  israel is in no way intrinsically morally superior to their victims and it is pretty intellectually dishonest to portray this as a struggle between a democracy and a theocracy when it is clearly about control of land and resources . 
  i in no way support the terrorists of either camp ( and make no mistake about it , murderous bastards like elor azaria - the butcher of hebron recently convicted of the grotesquely inappropriate charge of manslaughter for his murder of an incapacitated suspect as the suspect lay unconscious and unarmed on the ground - are terrorists just as much as the stab-attackers or those who launch rockets from gaza ) , and i support israel 's right to self-determination and security within its borders 100 % . 
  i am simply opposed to the conflict and its prolongation in a cynical effort to grab as much land as possible before a negotiation becomes unavoidable . 
  clearly you lack the facility to detect irony and nuance ( wrt to this topic at least ) , so i should just have stated all of this as explicitly as i just did in the first reply , rather than providing the sardonic response i did . 
  however , i have now explained my position very clearly and hope you have gained a better understanding of my views . 
  my apologies for any initial confusion . 
  i was at this site less than two weeks ago , and am happy to report work is already in progress . 
  unfortunately there is a long way to go , but the fact it is being restored is fantastic . 
  i ca n't wait to be able to visit it properly . 
  when complete the site will be brilliant to visit , situated as it is immediately adjacent to the ara pacis ( which , controversy surrounding its restoration and preservation aside is quite stunning in and of itself ) and next to the tiber not far from hadrian 's mausoleum/the castel sant ` angelo . 
  i only learned the origin of the pizza margherita 's name about two weeks ago : apparently , queen margherita ( of italy , just to be very clear ) was visiting the regions of the recently unified italian state , and trying local cuisine as she went . 
  in naples she wanted to try pizza , but was not a fan of anchovies which were a traditional ingredient and so asked if a substitution could be made . 
  the chef charged with this task added the basil , both for flavour and to make the pizza 's colour match those of the italian flag ; this pizza was named after queen margherita and thus probably my favourite pizza was born . 
  that 's what a tour guide in rome told me anyway . . 
  do you * really * think `` cryptofascist pseudodemocracy '' can be applied to israel non-ironically ? 
  personally i think that 's just a * tad * unfair , though i do believe those tendencies exist in certain elements of the coalition regime ( i 'm thinking specifically of bennett and his cohorts from the jewish home party . . ) . 
  i 'm not even sure we would fundamentally disagree were we talking about this face-to-face , but yes , we have both been guilty of only representing one facet of an extremely complex situation in our respective comments . 
  ( that , unfortunately , is endemic to reddit , where people discuss issues by making points , but without always having the time not inclination to write the thesis necessary to cover the entire scenario , or even just one 's own views on it . . ), 
  wrt to the islamists , do n't forget israel 's role in their rise to power with the help provided to hamas in a misguided effort to weaken fatah/plo . 
  hamas are certainly a stumbling block now , and a way to declaw them is , i believe , an absolute necessity for a successful and lasting peace . 
  certainly efforts must be made to prevent even more extreme salafist/wahhabi groups such as aq or isis from gaining in popularity . 
  their doing so could only result in very bad outcomes for israelis and palestinians alike . 
  that 's really cool , i find the airlifters interesting and consider them under appreciated too - they are one of the key capabilities air forces that actually possess them have . 
  the old boxcar is a cool old bird , and that arctic scheme looks great . 
  nice work . 
  what , hogan 's heroes ? 
  that ? 
  just no way . 
  pretty funny reading this thread with everyone saying `` i do n't want no stinking job , just gim me free money '' and juxtaposing it with the outrage expressed in every one of the endless threads about the government 's ( definitely cackhanded , but that 's not the point of * this * comment ) attempts to reduce welfare costs ( which always include some claim along the lines of `` people are n't on the dole because they do n't want to work '' ) , the endless threads bitching about housing unaffordability ( will ubi be adequate to allow people to save for a house deposit , or should houses be made free too at the same time as ubi begins guys ? ), 
  and so on . . 
  i get the flaws in this author 's notions of how `` guaranteed jobs '' could work , and do n't disagree with the outrage at the terrible centrelink false debts ; i just think it 's funny how as soon as working being a positive thing for people in and of itself ( from a mental health perspective for example ) is mooted * everyone * arcs up and screams they just want the money , and fuck having to work . 
  edit : my point here is not that i disagree with a ubi , just that i found it amusing that so many here in * this sub * ( where society 's obligations to individuals are such a hot topic ) seem so opposed to a continuation of the traditional relationship of mutual obligation ( give * and * take ) between society and its members as opposed to just getting to take . 
  * however * , i happily acknowledge that there is * much * more being discussed than that one view of one facet of the discussion that tickled my sense of irony . . 
  well , you would probably consider me so because :, 
  - i actually have a job ( as a solution architect - google what that is , mr-posts-idiot-questions-on-r / learnprogramming . . lol ) ;, 
  - i own my own home ( well , i have a mortgage , but i 'm getting there ) ;, 
  if you ca n't see the irony in all these posts whinging that free money is better than full employment * in this sub * then you quite clearly lack the capacity for abstract thought software development requires : my advice , my honest , professional advice , is just give up now and wait for ubi . . 
  sure , i agree entirely in a purely economic sense ; however , there will also * need * to be a cultural shift to refocus people 's sense of self and ability to provide a positive contribution to society in alternative means to working in a job as we now think of them . 
  so much of peoples ' identity is currently bound up in their work , and not many people are happy not doing * something * constructive that mass unemployment due to evolving means of production will require more than just a ubi to solve . 
  `` guaranteed jobs '' as posited is n't , imo , the answer and i do n't claim to know what is , i just think we need to have a philosophical change to accompany the economic change , or we risk horrific levels of depression and other associated societal ills . 
  this was n't what i was getting at anyway though , my observation was just it seemed ironic to me that so many people made arguments for handouts over society continuing to expect the relationship of mutual obligation that currently characterises individuals ' place within society in this sub where society 's obligations are so hotly demanded so regularly ( due , tbf , to the current government 's failings in that regard most often ) . 
  obviously that is n't a thorough , or even entirely fair , interpretation of what others have been arguing , but nonetheless it is not entirely unfair and is n't a spurious interpretation either . 
  it was just something that struck me as a facet of the discussion read in toto . 
  edit : phrasing, 
  i was actually thinking in terms of personal emotional depression , but agree re : your point above wrt economic depression during the adjustment period . 
  it will certainly not be an easy metamorphosis given the scale of the changes involved . 
  i also am sure there are very few actual `` bludgers '' here , just as there are very few in the real world . 
  i can empathise with people disillusioned by the current government too , even if i do n't always agree . 
  i think i must have phrased my comments to perhaps sound more aggro/oppositional than i intended : i did just find it amusing , but do n't think amusement was what i conveyed . . 
  thank you , i hope you too are equally fortunate . 
  in fact i hope that everyone reading enjoys success and satisfaction in their lives , both personal and professional . 
  wrt to your point about ubi , i am not opposed to it at all ; i just do n't think it 's a complete solution as ( most ) people do have a psychological need to be busy and productive . 
  i discuss this in more depth in another comment itt if you 're interested in what i am referring to , but i do agree with what you have written above . 
  i appreciate you responding as you have ( ~ ~ although i do wonder if perhaps there is some sarcasm involved ~ ~ \\* i reread your comment and , perhaps at the risk of seeming na\u00efve , i actually * do n't * think i detect sarcasm after all , sorry for the cynicism . . ) as my reply to the other guy was nowhere near as polite nor considerate ; i just kicked out at someone who wrote something i considered both rude and stupid , but friendly conversations such as this exchange are much more to my taste wherever and whenever circumstances allow . 
  same to you man , i 'll keep an eye out and hopefully we can continue conversation . 
  i am always genuinely interested to hear `` the other side '' - so long as it 's not from some horrible ideologue bigot , which you do n't come across as .
