  it seems that for once we are in agreement . 
   the idf shelled back against hezbollah violations of the ceasefire . 
  hezbollah , of course , is supposed to be disarmed by now , but the un failed to do even that . 
  of course hezbollah were responding to idf attacks on hezbollah 's forces fighting isis . 
  disarming hezbollah would be very foolish . 
  they and they alone maintain a semblance of stability in southern lebanon . 
  despite israel 's wailings about hezbollah being a terrorist organisation ( something only israel and certain sunni arab states now agree upon , the us having long since removed hezbollah from the international terrorist threat list ... ) the vacuum they would leave in lebanon would almost certainly be worse for israeli security than having hezbollah in place . 
  in any case it was the idf that attacked the un , not hezbollah . 
  ergo the un should surely be disarming the idf ... 
   they have never stuck around in history . 
  they failed pretty badly in korea under us command to defeat north korea, 
  you can hardly accuse the un of not sticking around in korea . 
  perhaps your grasp of non-israeli history is somewhat weak , but they actually hung on very tenaciously during that particular `` police action '' . 
   all you have is some weird , `` oh they 'd be called anti-semitic ! '', 
  argument, 
  the un is accused of anti-semitism literally every time they make any statement or take any action in relation to israel 's illegal colonies in the west bank . 
  i do n't think it 's `` weird '' to assume that were a un peacekeeper to dare to defend himself against an idf fighter that the israeli take on the situation would be to simply tack that act of self-defence onto the ongoing israeli `` the un 's [ purportedly ] anti-semitic '' narrative . 
   good luck with that . 
  sounds real realistic / s. 
  considering the peacekeepers/observers would be in place as much to restrain the idf 's adventures in palestine as it would to monitor hamas i am sure an accommodation could be reached with the palestinian citizenry . 
   no , they were not . 
  they claimed retaliation to an attack on a hezbollah detachment 10 days before , with an attack that was * not confirmed by israel * and was * believed to be on hezbollah members planning to kill israelis * . 
  that 's not something you can claim self-defense for . 
  btw , they were not fighting isis * in that area *, 
  could you fit anymore weasel-words into a single paragraph ? 
  the idf * never * confirms its attacks , understandably enough considering they are all unilaterally executed acts of violence that most often violate the sovereignty of states with which with israel is not in a state of declared war . 
  your views on hezbollah , whilst entirely inline with israel 's propaganda narrative , are not the universally held truths you seem to believe them to be . 
  israel 's relationship with hezbollah has always been fraught , but remember hezbollah formed to protect lebanese minorities against violence by israel and their allies in lebanon - the fascist phalangists - in the wake of incidents such as the israeli sanctioned , utterly horrific sabra and shatila refugee camp massacres . 
  hezbollah has not been at war with israel since 2006 . 
  that 's now a full decade , yet the idf persist in trying to degrade hezbollah 's combat effectiveness . 
  even though hezbollah 's current combat is all against isis , al-nusrah ( ie al-qaeda ) and other sunni extremist groups . 
  exactly what israel 's strategic calculations are can only be conjectured , but currently the western world would certainly rather hezbollah were left in peace to fight salafists . 
  the attention israel receives in the un is a relatively recent phenomenon that post-dates the acceleration in the west bank 's and gaza 's ( former in gaza 's case ) colonisation in the decade following israel 's six day war . 
  have you * really * never considered the possibility that israel is genuinely criticised for its actions and * not * because the world is out to get them ? 
  certainly each resolution is tied to a specific event , incident or situation . 
  the fact that israel simply ignores every criticism and carries on with its egregious behaviour instead of ever reining in the idf is certainly a contributing factor in the ongoing stream of resolutions . 
  it 's like dealing with a naughty child - if you tell them to get their hand out of the cookie jar and stop pulling their little sister 's hair , but they keep doing both then of course the telling off will be repeated ... 
  it has to be . 
  if you are n't being listened to by a naughty child do you just shrug your shoulders and say `` well , they 're just a wicked child and i guess there 's nothing we can do '' ? 
  you tell them off again , and again , and again as necessary . 
  simply letting such delinquencies slide only encourages further bad behaviour until your naughty child becomes a hardened criminal thug . 
  if anything it is for israel 's own good . 
  the world 's patience is running out - as this year 's flurry of diplomatic measures against the illegal colonies amply demonstrates . 
  eventually sanctions will come down hard and then it is innocent israelis who will suffer , not just the small ( but regrettably politically powerful ) hard-right , extremist-zionist settler portion of the population who actually cause the issues with their vicious bigotry and complete intransigence . 
   because they 're not illegal according to the former president of the icj , multiple international law scholars and professors , and the icrc 's own commentary on geneva from 1958 . 
  smh . 
  literally every other country in the world that has ever expressed a position on the settlements considers them illegal . 
  every position from every international body that has ever expressed an opinion has condemned them . 
  referencing a commentary from '58 is laughable considering the problems only date from '67 onwards when , after instigating its war of aggression , israel occupied the wb/gaza and began its slow annexation of these territories . 
    considering the peacekeepers/observers would be in place as much to restrain the idf 's adventures in palestine, 
   which are nonexistent , unless you mean in self-defense . 
  yeah . 
  the overwhelming majority of breaches of the gaza ceasefire are instigated by israel , as has been extensively reported . 
   hamas has specifically said international peacekeepers would be treated as foreign occupiers , and 70.7 % of palestinians oppose international peacekeepers in place of a military . 
  i doubt heavily your assumptions because i operate in fact , and you operate in conjectures about `` jews scream anti-semitism too much ! '', 
  these opinion poll figures you so love to quote from palestinians are always dubious and often contradicted by less biased commentators . 
  you `` doubting my assumptions '' because you `` operate in fact '' is cute , but utterly laughable whilst your accusation that i `` operate in conjectures about ` jews scream anti-semitism too much ! ' '', 
  is simply a slightly mutated form of claiming that my criticism may be ignored because it is motivated by anti-semitism !, 
  in other words you do exactly what you are trying to say i falsely accuse the israeli propaganda machine of doing . 
  yet again this is ludicrous and laughable . 
  i realise it must be difficult given the inherent contradictions and moral abyss present in israel 's situation with the cognitive dissonance that * must * follow ( * assuming * that you 're not * actually * as much of a sociopath as your constant defence of the morally indefensible and your utter lack of empathy for the palestinian people hints at , but rather are just mindlessly arguing `` israel is right '' no matter what the situation under discussion ... ) , but if you want to debate the issues why do n't you try to stick to them instead of trying pathetically to mock the man , not the arguments . 
  it would be nice if just once you could at least try to debate these issues without resorting to ( this word again ) laughable efforts to patronise me . 
  you know , like a civilised human being . 
  remember , i am * not * your enemy . 
  i am not a supporter of any kind of violence against civilians - israeli or palestinian . 
  i am a fervent supporter of israel 's right to exist ; i just happen to also believe the palestinians deserve the same opportunities as israelis . 
  i hold no anti-semitic opinions and indeed call anti-semites out when i encounter them . 
  i am in fact merely a well-informed ( through extensive reading from both sides ' perspectives of both historical and current issues related to israel/palestine driven by my general interest in history and current affairs ) , centre-right westerner who holds typical western views on the rights of man that influence my typically western ( outside us republican/christian fundamentalist ) opinions regarding israel/palestine who can be bothered to articulate my views in an effort to bring some balance to the conversation . 
  anyway , i 'll bid you adieu too . 
  good chat , thanks for the conversation . 
   palestinians deserve all the same rights as anyone else ; as long as they do n't want to use those rights to kill israelis . 
  * since they do , they are not able to access them * . 
  this is what we did to stop * nazi germany * , japan , and many others . 
  this is what remains to be done until palestinians stop glorifying terrorists . 
  this is the issue i take with right wing israelis/pro-israelis : the total lack of empathy with a people who have , by any measure , been dealt a very rough hand . 
  it is baffling to me given how badly jews themselves have been treated . 
  the palestinians have certainly `` never missed an opportunity to miss an opportunity '' , but surely the reasons why this has happened are obvious ? 
  i would find it hard to first even believe then later accept that my ancestral home has been given to foreign colonists who just arrived to lay claim to it . 
  they have also suffered from venal leaders and misguided zealots in their ranks , but the entire palestinian people are not just their leaders or these zealots and the mass of palestinians who would like nothing more than peace and a chance to lead a productive life should n't have to pay endlessly for the mistakes of their leaders any more than everyday israelis should have to pay for the crimes of their leaders . 
  yes , they do need to stop glorifying terrorists , but for that to happen the cycle of oppression and resistance needs to be broken . 
  as israel holds all the cards the onus must be on israel to break that cycle and free israelis and palestinians alike . 
  i do not write comments supporting terrorism and always condemn hamas or any other purveyors of violence against civilians . 
  i really do support israel 's right to exist in peace . 
  i can empathise with the jewish desire for a homeland after everything jews have endured and on a more pragmatic level happily accept that now israel exists and hopefully shall continue to do so . 
  there are many things to admire about israel , its culture and its people . 
  pro-palestinian and pro-israeli sentiments * can * comfortably coexist ; one just needs to accept that neither side is entirely right nor entirely wrong and that the entire situation is inherently very , very complex . 
  i do not discount the difficulties to achieving a peaceful resolution , but that does n't dissuade me from hoping or arguing for one . 
  as to my username , your colleague , computer_name , always makes `` the username created * around * the time of the incident you mention '' slander , but he dates the username to a week later or something . 
  my username is actually a reference to the sicarii , a jewish terrorist organisation who operated in ancient palestine during the roman era until , rather foolishly , they rebelled against the romans directly after years of terrorising fellow jews and were decisively crushed as a result . 
  flavius josephus , a jewish historian very closely associated with the flavian dynasty that dealt so effectively with this ancient terrorist threat describes the sicarii as committing suicide en masse following a brilliant roman siege at a place called masada , a fortified palace built by half-jewish roman collaborator king herod . 
  however , it seems very likely that this mass suicide is a fiction written to please josephus 's roman patrons , as despite extensive excavations at masada no evidence of a mass suicide has ever been found . 
  the siege itself definitely occurred - there is plenty of evidence of the roman 's engineering skill used to capture the hilltop site - but it looks as though the sicarii themselves most likely went into slavery instead of breaking the religious prohibition on suicide . 
  so why stabbirabbi ? 
  well , the sicarii were jewish religious zealots who would stab their victims ... 
  they were the original , literal stabby rabbis . 
  i chose the name to reflect the cyclical nature of violence and as an indictment of terrorism . 
  i guess it 's gone over everyone 's head though and i kind of regret choosing it tbh as a result , primarily because i have had so many facile comments made about it ever since ... 
  so there you go . 
  you should feel honoured - after over a year i finally chose you to explain the name to . 
  believe it or not i have always enjoyed debating with you , bear you no personal acrimony and recognise that you are very knowledgeable about israel 's circumstances and history .
