  ( not indigenous australian , just `` australian '' . . ), 
  most jewish israelis are very recent immigrants with no connexion to the region other than mystical . 
  not magic . 
  aussies : cool , please do feel free to fuck off back to ~ ~ nz ~ ~ kiwistan at your own convenience then . 
  should we not bomb bloody wellington for this appalling hubris ? 
  ultimately i am certain we shall inevitably be forced into invading nz , enslaving the population and resettling with aussies , but until then can we not at least ensure they dare not be so * cheeky * ? 
  edit : why downvotes ? 
  there is literally no way the kiwis could stop us - they are literally defenceless against our military capabilities and no aussies would be placed at risk . 
  came for `` grunt grunt omg housing bubble amirite grunt '' comment , was not disappointed . 
  always loved this song ever since first hearing the clash version . 
  working , but most probably going home early , or at the very least taking a very long lunch . 
  going to be bugger all people in the office . 
  i * love * that movie . 
  it really is a great film , rough editing and all . 
  great story , great soundtrack - and as you say it is basically jimmy cliff 's story . 
  i have also read the book , which is a novelisation of the film in this case . 
   gaining a year of life experience even if it means losing a year of study and graduating at 22 , i would n't have thought at least , is n't a bad thing . 
  if burnt out is how you 're feeling then i think it 's good you are considering options instead of just pushing through . 
  at your age a year wo n't make the least bit of difference in any negative sense to your overall career development . 
  this has been my experience anyway . 
  i did n't finish the school -  uni -  work progression until well into my twenties and am doing fine , personally and professionally . 
  did you get the mangosteens to fruit at all ? 
  such lovely fruit mangosteens , and not common , they would be a great fruit tree to have . 
  i second this - i know most employers will accept travel as a reason for a gap . 
  if you are not 100 % committed obviously your marks will suffer . 
  you are still young enough that i really think a year out wo n't do you any harm , but offers a lot of potential good . 
  of course this depends on what you do with the year , but as long as it 's not being totally irresponsible you will most probably gain by the experience . 
  a lot of my mates and colleagues did n't do the straight through run either and we are all doing fine . 
  of course there are advantages to just cracking on and finishing , but i would n't get too hung up on it . 
  just keep trying to go forwards as best you can , do n't let yourself stagnate and i am confident you will end up just fine mate . 
  i hope they do mate !, 
  having fruit trees is great - my folks have a bunch of different fruit trees in their back garden and it 's wonderful being able to pick the fruit that grows . 
  ( their fruit includes white and black mulberries , lemon/lime/orange , pomegranate , etc. . ), 
  living in an apartment i have an aeroponics garden on my balcony , but of course that wo n't grow a fruit tree ( just strawberries and so on ) much to my enduring chagrin as one of the few things ( i feel ) i want which apartment living denies me . 
  why do so many people fetishise firearms ? 
  i love shooting shit as much as the next bloke ( have shot rpg , m-60 , rpd , akm , m-16 , m-79 , etc on holiday in vietnam and cambodia ) , but i am quite happy to only do it on holiday and really do not view making weapons more readily available within australia as a good idea on any level . 
  most aussies seem to feel the same way too , i wish the gun nuts would realise their views are not shared by most and accept it . 
  yeah people pinching fruit is a problem my folks have had too . . 
  we do n't have any community gardens where i am , more 's the pity . 
  sounds like you guys have a great selection of fruits , very jealous !, 
  my parents have a papaya too , but living in perth not all the tropical stuff grows well here . 
  the stuff that does is glorious though - they have a couple of different varieties of the citrus fruits too and some of the lemons are incredible , so sweet and juicy you could almost eat them like an orange . 
  they have finger limes too , which are also nice - particularly in salads and so on . 
  i love the mulberries in particular , such beautiful fruit . 
  blueberries are very productive too and nicer than shop ones imo . 
  ok mate , good comment . 
  you do realise there are many other things to do in sea too ? 
  no evidence , but then i am not obliged to provide you with any . 
  this is reddit , not university and we are all just sharing our opinions/thoughts/personal experiences here, 
  * anecdotally * , outside a few foaming at the mouth individuals on the internet ( who may not even really be australian ) i am yet to hear * any * australian decry our restrictions on firearms as being too harsh . 
  if people want to shoot here they are welcome to within the bounds of what the law allows , but it 's not a cheap hobby in and of itself : firearms , ammo , licensing and safe stowage all costs not inconsiderable amounts . 
  in fact , i would not at all be surprised were it cheaper for me , as a bloke starting out with no license , cabinets or weapons to `` jet off to vietnam and cambodia whenever [ i ] feel the urge to throw money at automatic weapons and grenades '' than it would to fulfil all of the necessary requirements to start shooting here . 
  it really is not an expensive exercise going to cambodia or vietnam anyway , and personally i think the expense of shooting in australia is actually good , functioning as it does to restrict access and reduce the total number of weapons and quantity of ammo in circulation . 
  shooting is neither a necessity nor a right here and now in australia : it 's an hobby . 
  yeah , and just have fun , it 's a great part of the world . . 
  i love it over there , and certainly not just because i get to play rambo . 
   just 30 banana growers in coffs now down from 1000 . 
  jeez , if that is not unique to coffs - as i am sure it 's not - no wonder bananas are so exxy !, 
  ( even in between cyclones . . ), 
  hard to fault their reasoning though - recently i remember reading the blueberry consumption in australia has gone through the roof over the past decade and they fetch a pretty penny . 
  on my balcony i am growing a bunch of chillies - they are my main crop ( apart from various herbs used as ingredients ) . 
  i have strawberries in at them moment , but i only acquired and set my garden up about a month ago , and am still figuring out what will and wo n't grow well . 
  sure , and that 's fine - i do n't think anyone is disputing that is a valid use of and reason for owning firearms . 
  australia is one of the most urbanised nations in the world though , most of us are not farmers . 
  what is the point of this comment ? 
  i am happy to repeat that i really do not view making weapons more readily available within australia as a good idea on any level , and furthermore that i believe most australians share this opinion . 
  no , but 44 % + 45 % ( who think `` just right '' , as i do ) makes 89 % , vs just 6 % who think `` too strong '' . 
  i think 89 % saying `` just right '' ( ie not too tight ) or `` not strong enough '' supports my position that most aussies do n't want to see access rules relaxed so weapons are more readily available . . 
  i love vietnam and cambodia , but i am very glad to live here rather than there for many reasons , including the rule of law ( more so cambodia than vietnam ) . 
  furthermore i would not wish the horrors of their really very recent history on us whatsoever . 
  the weaponry is artefacts of that history , and the ease of access a hangover from it . 
  the weapons are not privately owned either , but are in fact military weapons too . 
  in cambodia you are taken by the army to shoot , and in vietnam i have only shot at the cu chi tunnels shooting gallery which is staffed by uniformed soldiers . 
  ( btw i visited cu chi because of my interest in history , not just to shoot an m-60 . . ), 
  nothing wrong with people having bolt action rifles here , but - if you read what i wrote - you will note i have not said we need to tighten restrictions , just that we do n't need to loosen them . 
   however i also cant shoot a weapon that belongs to my licensed mate under supervision . 
  thats shit . 
  i agree that is pretty shit ; nonetheless , i * still * support our existing laws . 
  ha ha , if you reckon . . 
  meanwhile , lots of others * have * backed it up quite clearly as you well know seeing as you have been replying to those messages too . 
  this is how reddit works . . 
  and thank you for providing the stats to back up my anecdotal assertion , 
  in the case of firearms , i have * literally never heard a single person bemoan our laws irl * ( literally literally , not figuratively literally . . ) , hence my willingness to just use the anecdote , but it 's great you posted the figures too . 
  clearly op , shall we say , moves in different circles where perhaps the prevailing view is not necessarily that of the aussie majority , and as such it 's good the actual figures have been presented for their elucidation . 
  whom did i criticise ? 
  have you seen the stats posted by u/falafels ? 
  44 % of aussie do in fact want tighter restrictions , while 45 % think the existing restrictions are just right and only 6 % support loosening : https://np.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/676ijk/death_of_the_australian_greend_party_extreme/dgo4sl3/, 
  that 's awesome man , great find . 
  whether you consider war murder or not there is no justification for despoiling the memory of its victims . 
  so the ssaa are `` gun nuts '' in your opinion ? 
  it 's bizarre anyone can even say the phrase `` alternate facts '' with a straight face . . 
  that 's why it 's terrible this was left around university students , some of the most impressionable individuals in our society . 
  they will try , dear little muppets they are , but generally it 's not too much of a concern if they do . 
  full time work soon settles them back down . 
  ha ha , that is funny , but - as many comedians have noted with concern - such comedy is almost rendered superfluous by how inherently funny the shit is on an objective level , while satire is effectively rendered obsolete . 
  they said the same thing about adolf hitler !, 
  i love shit the bed , or the stb black label , with hummus on toast for brekkie . 
  it 's an aussie sauce though , so assuming you are in the us you would probably have to [ order online ] ( https://www.bunstersworldwide.com.au/collections/frontpage/products/bunsters-hot-sauce-shit-the-bed-black-label-16-10-heat ) . 
  no , no we should just give them everything they want for free , just as their ~ ~ participation awards ~ ~ totally reasonable sense of entitlement has taught them they deserve !, 
  as rob says :,
