  stop making up such ridiculous strawman arguments . 
  i wo n't even bother replying if that 's all you 're going to do . 
  none of the redrawing of boundaries you mention above were performed with the intention of segregating religio-ethnic groups as lieberman 's plan * explicitly * aims to do . 
  the definition explains that ethnic cleansing is population transfer , whereas genocide is murdering a population . 
  whether you achieve that by moving the people or the lines on a map the end result is the same . 
  ok , that was kind of my point - i was just making a joke based on the trope of webmd * always * leading to self-diagnoses of cancer ; however , i guess * you * lacked the ability to realise * that * ... 
  lol , please provide the definition of ethnic cleansing you are working from . 
  here 's a couple * i * use :, 
   [ ethnic cleansing , *** the attempt to create ethnically homogeneous geographic areas *** through the deportation or forcible displacement of persons belonging to particular ethnic groups . 
  ethnic cleansing sometimes involves the removal of all physical vestiges of the targeted group through the destruction of monuments , cemeteries , and houses of worship . 
  ] ( http://www.britannica.com/topic/ethnic-cleansing ), 
   [ *** ethnic cleansing is the systematic forced removal of ethnic or religious groups from a given territory by a more powerful ethnic group , with the intent of making it ethnically homogeneous *** . 
  [ 1 ] the forces applied may be various forms of forced migration ( deportation , population transfer ) , intimidation , as well as mass murder and genocidal rape . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing ), 
  i most certainly did not `` make-up '' anything . 
  the redrawing of borders post-wwii was certainly , in cases like the expulsion of germans from east prussia and east prussia becoming part of poland while poland gave up some of its eastern territories to ukraine/belarus , ethnic cleansing , yes . 
  the term itself did not exist then ( it originated with the '90s yugoslavian conflict ) , but the intent and effect was indubitably the same . 
  i know israel is closer already in terms of possessing an excellent `` free '' public healthcare system and has a strong history of quite socialist ideology ( eg kibbutzes , labor zionism ) , but the article also talks a lot ( towards the end ) about citizens ' mistrust for social/political institutions in terms of transparency , efficiency and qos - all elements which the scandinavian model is generally held to be very strong in , largely due to the system 's underlying liberal principles . 
  i guess what i am asking is about that aspect of the scandinavian system , ie its underlying left-wing foundations . 
  do you think israelis would like to move closer to that left-wing foundation to gain the advantages it brings as outlines above ? 
  the key defining factor is * creating ethnically homogeneous areas * . 
  move the people , or move the lines - it . 
  has . 
  the . 
  same . 
  effect . 
  smh . 
  kind of like how giving refuge to the taliban 's leadership evidently crossed and american `` red line '' , hence the airstrike . 
  hmmm , i wonder how long before the comptroller is `` mistaken for a stab-attacker '' and this problem goes away ? 
  i was just making a joke - i 'm aware of olmert and katsav and do n't see why netanyahu would escape punishment , if indeed he has done enough wrong to deserve it . 
  let 's at least wait for the full announcement before we call for him to be jailed though , why do n't we ? 
  stone 's lived an interesting life !, 
  platoon was based on stone 's tour in vietnam , as everyone knows , but the two sergeants - barnes and elias were actually both based on real soldiers of the same name with whom stone served while trying out as a lrrp ( long range reconnaissance patrol ) team member in the 1st cavalry division . 
  taken from that 1st cavalry lrrp unit 's newsletter here 's the story :, 
   oliver stones ' movie platoon ( 1986 ) was based on two soldiers from 2nd platoon , company e , 52nd infantry ( lrp ) . 
  specifically , s/sgt , john barnes portrayed by tom berenger and sgt. 
  juan angel elias portrayed by willem dafoe . 
   oliver stone served as a rifleman in both the 25th infantry division and the 1st cavalry division . 
  in april 1968 oliver stone volunteered for the 1st cavalry division 's long range reconnaissance patrol training , but was dropped from the course because `` he was too aggressive and was not a team player . '', 
   nevertheless , stone melds his line experience as an infantryman and the characters of barnes and elias through the eyes of a green young soldier , charlie sheen . 
  the film depicts troops of bravo company , 3rd battalion , 22nd infantry regiment in 1967 , who are often drug-induced and undisciplined , and divided between sgt. 
  elias ' integrity and the battle hardened , but heartless sgt. 
  barnes -- a dark portrayal of american servicemen and exaggeration of facts ( the drug epidemic did not reach the battlefield till near the end of the vietnam war ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.lrrprangers.com/newsletter.docx ), 
  there 's a really good book about kazakhstan , by christopher robbins , called [ * apples are from kazakhstan * ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2135393.apples_are_from_kazakhstan ) . 
  it talks a bit about apples , but it 's more about the country 's transition following the collapse of the ussr . 
  it 's really very interesting and well written , if you 're ever interested in learning more about the country . 
  woody harrelson !, 
  i still have questions about * rampart * . 
  oh yeah , what a good idea . 
  do n't forget to bring a towel !, 
  does * anyone * really believe netanyahu is sincerely willing to negotiate a fair settlement , or even one based on any terms other than those he believes benefit israel to the maximum extent ? 
  i love how * his * pre-condition of `` no-preconditions '' * must * be agreed to before he 'll agree to talk . 
  the situation grows yet more orwellian daily . 
  that 's mehmet , not suleiman , though , is n't it ? 
  i think suleiman drives a prius . 
  i personally would say * the wire * . 
  i went to a private school - a proper , psa one , not a bloody catholic school either , just to be clear - and find it easy enough to bully colleagues from public schools , browbeating them with my unshakable sense of superiority and a degree of smug self-satisfaction that quite clearly infuriates their poor little pleb sense of `` fair-play '' . 
  it 's bloody good fun actually . 
  in fact , you know what ? 
  you just reminded me i have n't crushed any pleb egos under my heel all week and i am off to find a former denizen of a public school to frustrate , infuriate and humiliate right now . 
  thanks for the poke - it 's not good to let such peoples ' bruised egos heal up too much or they can get a bit bolshie . 
  edit - ah , basking in pleb tears now !, 
  the problem , as i see it , is that in `` trying to get the best deal '' he loses sight of the wood for the trees and forgets that ultimately peace would be a greater benefit than some crappy hilltop in the west bank . 
  he 's much too willing to throw not only the palestinians , but also his own israeli electorate , under the bus rather than make reasonable concessions . 
  that 's quite without considering issues of morality , humanism and natural justice - none of which affect his absolutism and intransigence in the slightest , or so it appears . 
  negotiations require give and take - not just take , take , take . 
  sorry - this is actually poe 's law in action and i was trying to be tongue-in-cheek myself . 
  tone , as we all know , is difficult to convey in text , but i thought i 'd been extreme enough to get it across . 
  ( i hate the ' / s ' as i feel it just destroys the joke ... ), 
  op sounds like a complete wanker and , whilst i did attend a private school , i certainly do n't think it makes me - or anyone else for that matter - somehow better than those who attended . 
  well , perhaps i am naive then . 
  on the other hand i would argue that your point of view simply lowers you to the level of those arabs you so despise . 
  the fact is that since wwii the civilised world * has * at least been trying to make morality a `` thing '' in foreign relations . 
  attitudes such as yours and netanyahu 's are actually a throwback to a more primitive , brutal era in the eyes of the western world that israel always claims to be part of . 
  if you guys want to be another typical me regime then that 's fine , but do n't claim to be `` the only functioning democracy ^ ^ tm in the region '' or to hold the moral high ground if that 's how you want to behave . 
  oh , idk - i always thought peace was a valuable end in and of itself , but clearly we think completely differently . 
  nah it 's cool - it really can be * so * hard to tell and i did n't slap a / s on it . 
  i think my first sentence kind of sets the wrong tone re-reading it - i just edited that out so i do n't raise the ire of too many others !, 
  i think what 's worse for scots is when they sit on stinging nettles and etc. 
  as we all know , * all * scots * always * wear kilts with no underwear , except scottish-americans who , actually being * more * scottish than those scots who still live in the motherland , have no need for such outward displays of scottishness . 
  it is in bill clinton 's personal interest , as the organiser of those talks , to blame the palestinians entirely for their failure , particularly given his ties with the israeli regime . 
  the fact that israel and palestine between them have been unable to successfully negotiate a settlement is not the fault of either side alone , and is the very reason that france offered to referee negotiations . 
  i think a big blocker is the inflated rhetoric both sides have employed since the very start has painted both sides into their own little corners to a large extent . 
  the palestinians * must * accept the reality of the situation , that being israel is a fact and is n't going to go away . 
  that goes beyond merely acknowledging israel 's right to exist - as they have - and actually requires a shift in their public position towards viewing israel as their neighbours with whom they must cooperate for their own ongoing survival , if nothing else . 
  israel , otoh , imo , should at least acknowledge the historical wrong done to the palestinians and that their grievances do have some grounding in truth . 
  i understand the reluctance to do so , but admitting that the palestinians have basically got the shitty end of the stick ( without going into the minutiae of what 's * their own * fault and what has been thrust upon them ) * does n't * delegitimise israel and would be a good foundation for negotiations . 
  the whole thing 's a massive mess , with rights and wrongs on both sides . 
  the sooner both parties let go of past slights and injustices and concentrate on negotiating a sustainable peace the better . 
  it 's hard to go forward if you 're always looking back . 
  i understand the historical background to your argument , but the fact of the matter is that israel has not faced a genuine existential threat since the '70s - four decades ago . 
  one of the guarantors of israel 's survival is of course its own military strength and resolve , but ( somewhat ironically ) another is the very international laws and protections israel flouts with regards to the illegal settlement of the occupied territories . 
  if israel was attacked the international community * would * step in to prevent the nation 's destruction . 
  the hate you mention is certainly a big problem , but hate dissipates with peace and time . 
  look at america and vietnam signing a * weapons supply * agreement despite their tangled and violent shared history , or germany/japan 's reintegration post-wwii , or the peace now found in the former yugoslavia . 
  the fact is humans have engaged in conflict throughout our history , but later made peace and got on with things . 
  israel/palestine is not so unique that this dynamic would not play out the same way there ; however , the longer the conflict is left to fester , the longer the hate will linger . 
  one certainty is that the hatred feeds off the conflict . 
  ha ha , yeah he 's all like `` screw you guys , i 'm going home '' .
