  how am * i * being snarky by pointing out your patronising tone , which continues into this latest comment too btw ? 
  is n't the condescension itself `` snarkiness '' ? 
  i do n't buy your argument about motive : how many goods are exported from the western sahara , or even tibet for that matter , to the eu compared to the amount of trade with israel , even the wb specifically ? 
  also , as pointed out above , the parallels are not exact in the legal situations for each of these incidences . 
  what danger can telling the truth possibly cause the illegal settlers ? 
  that * some * people * might * make a moral choice not to purchase their products ? 
  is that really such a terrible price ? 
  it 's more of an opportunity cost than a danger , would n't you say ? 
  i think that when all of these factors are taken into consideration that the decision is much more technical than anti-semitic . 
  which , if you recall from my comment even if you did n't read the article , are the choices we 're presented with . 
  the eu says technical ; the israeli right says anti-semitism . 
  even if the eu were taking a moral stance against the settlers , how is that anti-semitism ? 
  does it attack * all * jews ? 
  does it harm israel or * all * israelis ? 
  no and no . 
  the wb is n't * part of israel * , is it ? 
  so even if it 's not a purely technical decision it 's still not anti-semitic , anti-zionist or anti-israeli . 
  it would only be a very light sanction imposed on criminals ( ie the illegal settlers ) . 
  which points have i conceded ? 
  i was n't aware i had conceded any ... 
  au contraire i explained to you why imo it * is * a technical decision , but also why it would n't be a problem * even if it was n't * . 
  life is n't binary you know ? 
  things can be more than one thing at once , but that is n't even what i was saying ... 
  i was comparing anti-semitism driven vs technically driven decision because that was what the article highlighted as the israeli response . 
  it does n't really matter whether * you did n't * say it was anti-semitism ; we 're not discussing your * thoughts * other than those contained in your response to my comment about the article . 
  ergo what is in the article is the primary topic , with my comment that you responded to the secondary . 
  things you have said are pertinent , but tertiary ; things you have * not * said are * not * under discussion at all . 
  it 's a bit of a big assumption to call me a left-winger just because i take a moral position about palestine . 
  outside of the us and israel itself the connection between unthinking support for israel and the right wing are far less clear cut . 
  in fact i would describe myself as centre-right ( socially liberal , financially conservative ) . 
  your final example is not at all equivalent . 
  that * would be * racism , pure and simple . 
  as i explained before , identifying criminals as such is not discriminatory in remotely the same sense !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  in the context of what the eu does , it scarcely matters * what * the israeli government thinks about the settlers ' legal status , does it ? 
  that is why ayelet shaked 's consideration of legal action against the eu is so laughable : the israeli government ignores the position of international law regarding the illegal settlements , but expects international law to uphold her view of what the eu should do . 
  the word `` delusional '' springs immediately to mind . 
  if you consider this mainly an empty gesture , then what 's the harm in it ? 
   you say it is technical , but then talk about how the policy was informed by their political stance on the settlements . 
  what ? 
  when did i say that ? 
  i understand that in a post-modernist world meaning is derived from the reader , not the author 's intent ; however , my understanding was that only really applies to works of art and not discussions such as ours . 
  to be clear i have never once said that the decision is n't purely technical ; merely that what israel thinks about that is irrelevant and that even * if * it was n't technical it still would n't be anti-semitism ... 
  yes . 
  * technically * goods from settlements do n't come from israel , they come from the wb ; however , they ca n't be labelled palestinian , therefore in order to be accurately labelled they must have `` settlement '' . 
  there is no other * technically * correct choice . 
  the default international position is that the settlements are illegal as defined by the geneva convention iv , to which israel is party . 
  thus , the only way the eu could possibly be taking a political stance is in fact by adopting the position held by the israeli courts , and the israeli courts alone , that the settlements are legal . 
  even the us government does n't uphold that belief , despite their general support for israel . 
  i guess it will cause further unrest , which will perhaps lead to sanctions when netanyahu and his gang of thugs inevitably overreact ... 
  realpolitik sucks when it really gets real , huh ? 
  `` ooh '' , you say , `` another anti-israeli redditor made up word . '', 
  except it 's not . 
  neither of them are . 
  actually they 're well established logical fallacies often employed in rhetoric by those sophists who wish to muddy the waters and divert the argument . 
  we can call `` whataboutism '' by the name `` tu-quoque '' if you prefer ? 
  mr random number completely failed to debunk anything ; i note with interest you have n't even tried , but have settled for attacking the form rather than the substance of my argument . 
  precisely as random number dude tried , and failed to do , with his semantic bs . 
  please do n't waste my time trying to rile me up with your belaboured efforts to denigrate me . 
  your basic problem is that your position contains so very many inherent logical flaws that it becomes indefensible in the face of reason and basic morality . 
  so you resort to logical fallacies and cheap semantics . 
  edit 2 : btw your counter point is merely straight up racism . 
  making illegal settlers ( criminals ) simply state who they are is ** not ** racial discrimination . 
  there is no equivalency . 
  another strawman one might say . 
  edit : spelling . 
  slow clap . 
  look let 's just agree to disagree , shall we ? 
  tu quoque and whataboutism are the same thing you know ? 
  his argument was n't the strawman ; yours was . 
  that 's my opinion anyway , i know you 'll beg to differ . 
  well then beg . 
  i thought the `` nuclear tsunami '' concept had been abandoned as something that just was n't going to happen ? 
  i know quite a few different countries looked into it , but nothing ever emerged that worked as far as i am aware . 
  there are bigots everywhere unfortunately ; however , in most countries the bigotry and the discrimination it causes is personal ( ie enacted by individuals ) as opposed to the israeli system where it is enshrined in law and the very structure of society * as well as * being acted upon individually . 
  sorry , but which laws in the us discriminate on the basis of race ? 
  i live in australia and can assure you that there are only anti-discrimination laws here and nothing entrenched in the social structure that ensures discrimination . 
  of course we have our share of bigots , but unfortunately such hateful , ignorant people are a fact of life and found everywhere . 
  in that regard australia - as with any country - must try to do better by way of education and strict enforcement of equality , but trying to change how individuals think is not only difficult past a certain point , but also a dangerous path to start down for any society in case it is taken too far . 
  i must say though i do applaud your recognition and admission that israel needs to improve . 
  what irks a lot of people about pro-israeli commenters is their utter intransigence on refusing to admit israel has any flaws so kudos to you for not being close-minded and actually being open to discussion . 
  it is a genuinely refreshing change and one i respect immensely . 
  and killed people there , not just arrested them ... 
  not only that australians are universally more intelligent , more attractive , possess a better sense of taste and style and are 99.99 % less likely to shop at walmart than americans . 
  edit : it is also worth noting that the likelihood of an australian being a brony is also less than 1/10 ,000,000 than that of an american from a similar demographic group being one . 
  australians also use tumblr 98 % less than americans !, 
  edit 2 : we also have a sense of humour : /, 
  would n't that have to be a deaf study , rather than a blind study ? 
  anyway , what accent ? 
  we aussies have no accent , not that i can hear anyway . 
  american accents do n't actually sound * that * bad you know . 
  we are pretty great , but * i * was just joking too . 
  you guys are ok in my book . 
  i actually edited my original comment because i realised that one part of it could be misinterpreted as being intended to be offensive . 
  to actually cause tsunamis though ? 
  nuclear torpedoes and depth charges are certainly effective and were deployed ( eg russian subs near cuba during the cuban missile crisis were definitely armed with nuclear torpedoes ) ; however , i did n't think the tsunami concept had been found to work . 
  for a custardy whisky i do n't think you can beat the abelour 16 double cask . 
  i liken it to a creme caramel . 
  very buttery mouth with a custardy taste and caramel sweetness to the aftertaste . 
  i think he 's determined to argue with you , just roll with it or get out of his way ...
