  i have a great deal of regard for a large number of israeli individuals with whom i have had professional interactions , and can recognise the good aspect of both the state as it is and the noble facets of the underlying zionist ideology . 
  there is much to admire in israel , but that just makes this type of behaviour all the more disappointing . 
  both the initial crime and the public response . 
  what saddens me most is , i think , that the early zionist vision contained a great deal more liberalism , but israeli society seems to be devolving into a viciously nationalist race to the bottom , specifically wrt to the palestinians and * their * intrinsic human rights , which certainly appear to count for nought in the minds of many , a majority in fact , of israelis . 
  while that may be skewed by the phenomenon i mentioned previously of the most extreme voices making the most noise , that is certainly not the entire issue . 
  even your attempt to justify murder as acceptable because it was done for revenge is somewhat chilling , yet the israeli discourse is littered with much , much worse examples of this disregard for `` the other '' ( ie palestinians ) and their rights . 
  this has *** nothing *** to do with jews per se btw , and your attempt to delegitimise my concerns as mere antisemitic hypocrisy is in fact highly disingenuous and hypocritical in and of itself . 
  it 's a cheap shot , though a standard element in the pro-israeli playbook for stifling any questioning or criticism , particularly in an online context such as this . 
  the jews i am friends with in my own home country would , afaik , never murder someone or even try to justify such murder . 
  this conflation of jews and israel comes not only from antisemites , but also from zionists who try to use it to create fear among diaspora jews and increase tensions between all jews and those who question israel , not just the ultra-nationalistic/religio-nationalist israeli right whom people such a i disagree with most fundamentally . 
  while such conflation serves the aims of the israeli propaganda effort , it does diaspora jews ( and liberal israelis ) a huge disservice . 
   i 'm jewish , i know better than you . 
  and there it is . 
  nobody else is entitled to an opinion , right ? 
  i do n't always agree with him on every topic , but boy has he got israel 's number . 
  without a doubt the soundest commentor on that nation anywhere in the world . 
   you equated my defending the right for a conservative opinion to exist with supporting murder . 
  so it seems like maybe i 'm not the one saying other points are inherently invalid . 
  no , i equated your support for a murderous thug and his murderous actions with support for murder . 
  `` conservative '' does * not * mean extreme right-wing religio-nationalist crypto-fascist ( in non-israeli english anyway , that does seem to be the intended meaning in a lot of israeli propaganda / `` news reportage '' ) ; i count myself as a conservative in the sense of what being a conservative means in western , post-enlightenment , democracies ( specifically australia and the uk , the nations i have lived in , but also western europe generally ) , and personally i can not even contemplate trying to defend a thug who deliberately and in cold-blood walks up to an incapacitated * suspect * and calmly shoots them in the head - such casual brutality is so completely at odds with the humanist cultural mores i am accustomed to that the very notion is utterly abhorrent , and in fact viscerally repulsive , to me - exactly as the actions of a terrorist who targets a bus or any other similarly murderous idealogue are ( eg isis , hamas , etc - the best point of comparison for such idf members as azaria ) . 
   but yes , when it comes to antisemitism , i know better than you . 
  if i were muslim , i 'd know islamiphobia better than you . 
  so do n't be so arrogant and take that out of context , it makes you seem like a fool . 
  i think i actually may have a better understanding of what is and what is n't antisemitism than you ; i read extensively about this subject , i have jewish friends and i even get `` accused '' of being jewish by antisemite scum due to my username so i have seen plenty of genuine antisemitism in all its ugliness out there and can readily identify its noxious odor ; however , i can also identify legitimate criticisms of the israeli government for being such too , a skill you seem to lack completely . 
  you pick up way , way too many false positives imho , lacking the intellectual subtlety to differentiate quite reasonable and in fact natural for any humanist discomfit at israel 's regime 's and security apparatus 's appalling disdain for human rights from hatred for jews . 
   you sound like an insane person on a pirate radio channel, 
  please read the rules , man . 
  no personal attacks . 
   please read the rules , man . 
  *** no personal attacks . 
   incentive to be populists, 
  demagogues is , i feel , much more apt a term for the current israeli regime 's leadership cabal . . 
  umm , those calls come from the centre-left in israeli terms . . 
   please read the rules , man . 
  no personal attacks, 
  my innate moral superiority prevents me from patronisingly pointing out what 's going on here , but maybe you 'll figure it out for yourself . 
  eventually . 
  difficult for the law to take its course at the moment with the lack of thousand rupee notes though , is n't it ? 
  is that even a proper english sentence ? 
  i realise proper english ( not the bastardised version employed in the us and its minion states ) is not your first language , but still , you could at least * try * . . 
  certainly it fails to deliver the message you think it conveys , whatever that was supposed to be . 
  look , just jog on why do n't you ? 
  we have already established i am in a better position to objectively assess and analyse this shit than you , and i 'm tired of educating you for free . 
  pm me your paypal details so i may invoice you and this conversation can continue , otherwise you have stolen enough of my time ( in a clear parallel to the way in which israel steals the palestinian people 's land ) and this comment shall be my final contribution to your intellectual and moral development . 
  i find a combination of diazepam , lorazepam and clonazepam taken with clonidine and cimetidine , washed down with scotch , effective on those nights when one is feeling a tad restless and finding sleep difficult to achieve . 
  you will need to visit your gp to ask for this combination though ( except the scotch , which your local bottle-o can supply ) . 
  catholics make me feel very uncomfortable . 
  i 'd be delighted ; i do n't drive at the moment anyway and instead rely on trains and taxis . 
  compared to being a passenger , driving is stressful and inconvenient . 
  i am a single person , responsible only for myself ( so i do n't need to worry about , say , getting a sick kid to a doctor ) , who lives very near a train station and less than 10 mins by express train/15 mins by all stops from the city centre . 
  as a passenger one may safely amuse oneself , whereas when driving it is absolutely imperative all attention is focussed on driving . 
  instead of having to concentrate on driving i get to read , watch something or even do work depending on what i feel like ; i can always have a drink or two without needing to worry about being over the limit ; using public transport is more environmentally responsible ; it is also healthier as there is almost always more walking involved in any given journey using public transport than moving door-to-door via a car trip . 
  in my particular circumstances the combination of walking together with a train and/or taxi ( occasionally , but very rarely a bus ) allows me to travel everywhere i need to quickly and for no more than the total cost of owning and running a vehicle would end up being for me given my travel patterns . 
  i live about 45mins from my work whether i catch a train or am driven , so i catch the train as much as possible as it is quick , cheap and comfortable ( as well as the advantages outlined above ) . 
  i have regular taxi drivers i use and they always make sure i can get where i need to , when i need to if the train is n't an option . 
  my parents live walking distance from my home so i can visit them easily . 
  my friends live similarly near public transport , or i can take a cab to see ( plus they also visit me , driving themselves as that 's what suits them ) . 
  there are two supermarkets within walking distance ( one open till 9pm every night except weekends , the other open till 10pm every night ) so shopping is easy . 
  my doctor is walking distance , as are many other services i need to access . 
  my circumstances ( where i live , where i work , other personal factors ) thus add up to make the decision pretty simple for me . 
  once self-driving cars are a reality there will be a slew of associated technology and social constructs that will accompany that change ( eg switch to electric cars , car sharing becoming highly prevalent and etc ) that will mean that the advantages i currently perceive will , i believe , be able to be shared by more people . 
  curry is actually the national dish of england ; however , it was n't at the time the pilgrims first infested what later became the usa as britain had not yet gifted india its centuries of benign development and guidance , one result which was the development of true curry as we now know it ( which is actually an amalgam of traditional dishes from the indian subcontinent with that benighted land 's civilising benefactors ' cuisine ) . 
   when did people really begin to appreciate how terrific it was ? 
  i think you perhaps mean `` terrible '' rather than `` terrific '' . 
  that aside , as others have mentioned it was when the camps were liberated and their horrors documented in detail that knowledge of the genocidal holocaust per se rather than `` mere '' persecution of jews began to spread . 
  australian soldiers would be court-martialed in these circumstances . 
  look at australia 's record in east timor , afghanistan and iraq where * any * infringement of our very strict rules of engagement was stringently investigated . 
  australian cops would n't shoot either ; there was a riot last year in which petrol bombs - not just pebbles - were thrown and yet somehow our cops managed to restrain themselves from murdering anyone . 
  it is a massive problem that israelis consider excessively disproportionately violent responses barely adequate to the slightest provocation ; the fact it is their racist sense of superiority and colonialist entitlement that drives such beliefs is even more problematic . 
  so yeah , i 'll throw a rock at an aussie soldier if you - wearing nothing that identifies you as being not palestinian - do the same to one of your country 's jackbooted thugs . 
  deal . 
  people * do * care about it happening in the usa - you may have heard of a movement called blm ( black lives matter ) ? 
  despite the hate it gets from trump supporters here on reddit , the rest of the world is very sympathetic to that movement 's cause , if not its methods - * exactly * the same as post-enlightenment , western , democratic nations overwhelmingly support the palestinians ' right to freedom from * their * oppressors ( albeit not the times they lash out in frustration and behave as badly as the israeli regime itself ) , as you correctly recognise . 
  it 's not hatred of israel , it 's hatred of hypocrisy and bullying that drives the criticism of israel you are sobbing over . 
  why is palestinian land the target of israel territorial greed over and over again ? 
  why are palestinian kids the target of idf bombs over and over again ? 
  israel was built on rivers of blood , with israel 's founding fathers being terrorist almost to a man . 
  little has changed , as such incidents as this clearly demonstrate . 
  do you really think this needs an nsfw tag though , or was that just rhetoric surrounding your point about the reposting ? 
  if so , please remind me * never * to take a job at your place of employment . 
  ha ha , cool . 
  i thought swimsuits being nsfw is a tad restrictive ; i genuinely doubt i 'd enjoy working somewhere it was seriously necessary !, 
  not an israeli , but i can tell you how the majority will answer :, 
   the resolution is a hate crime second only to the holocaust in its evil ; settlements are simply restoring the land to its rightful owners . 
  all palestinians should be killed . 
  please note i personally disagree entirely with every element of such beliefs . 
  i can not read that mess , sorry . 
  it is literally impossible to unpick your meaning from all the misspellings and non-sequiturs . 
  it just does not make any sense . 
  i get your point because it 's basically your original point : that israel is an innocent victim and no criticism of the regime 's excesses are valid , in your opinion . 
  however , you completely disregard the vicious aggression inherent in the campaign of racist violence that is israel 's neo-colonial project in palestine , rendering your response utterly amoral and impossible to accept ; exactly as the israeli regime and its supporters is in reality . 
  `` viva palestina '' is the cry from those of us who live in modern cultures where post-enlightenment humanist philosophy , not brutal tribalistic primitivism , informs our thought . 
  `` viva palestina '' , not `` destroy israel '' . 
  the adf has been involved in conflicts with much scarier opponents than teenage kids throwing pebbles consistently since 1999 . 
  you asked specifically about the pebble throwing scenario though , and i addressed your point ; now you move the goalpost . . 
   israel enemies are not emos . 
  well , no . 
  if anything it 's actually israelis who are more like emos with their self-pitying angst . 
  so at least we can agree on that . 
  that 's your prerogative , but may i caution you that using such facile measures as a reddit username you do n't understand makes me doubt your own capacity to fairly judge my actual comment on its merits as opposed to your own preconceptions and biases . .
