  that was a thought i had too , unlikely , but would n't that be incredible ? 
  you mean israel is much more likely to transfer technology to russia and [ china again ] ( http://defensetech.org/2013/12/24/report-israel-passes-u-s-military-technology-to-china/ ) because, 
   the us , by putting this deal forth , has legitimately jeopardized the existence of one of its closest allies , with whom they share a lot of common interests . 
  the us threw israel under the bus and instead rewarded iran for its illegal nuclear program , terrorism sponsorship , and overall gross human rights violations . 
  by doing so the us has also sold itself out by showing the world that it no longer stands for the morals that it once claimed to hold dear , and that it no longer possesses the international power that it once did, 
  that is , the us acted in the interests of world peace and regional stability instead of acceding to israel 's paranoia ... 
  which is why israel sells us military secrets to china why please ? 
  obviously the financial rewards must having been very tempting , but to throw the ally that enables your existence under the bus for a few shekels ? 
  that certainly highlights israeli `` morals '' , so perhaps you might consider climbing down off that high horse for a minute and try * thinking * . 
  not everything is as your great leader netanyahu and his regime paint it you know ... 
  in that case you i apologise for making that assumption - unfortunately in this sub so many people * do * refuse to accept * any * criticism or israel , but if you are not one of those people i should n't treat you as though you are . 
  for my part i am not unsympathetic towards israel as a country , an idea or a people ; i do , however , take exception to certain policies and actions of the israeli government . 
  i think the reason that israel is disproportionately criticised ( by people in general , this is not necessarily what is happening at the un ) is that iran , syria , north korea , and sudan do n't hold themselves up to be democracies . 
  israel does and is therefore expected to behave better than those countries . 
  this issue is exacerbated by people like the type of commenter we get here i mentioned in the first paragraph who absolutely refuse to acknowledge any grey areas in israel 's actions and who so vociferously shout down any and all criticism of israel , no matter how mild or objective . 
  more people who can acknowledge both the faults and virtues , rights and wrongs , of both sides would make for a much better discussion , but the very nature of open forums such as this discourage the expression of nuanced opinions and views - they simply get shouted over and lost amongst the zealotry . 
  i could n't agree more , it 's a real shame that so often there is no actual discussion ; however , that does make those that do occur all the more rewarding . 
  good talking to you , i 'll keep an ( open ) eye out for your thoughts in future . 
  the best outcome now would be to * really * make the greek 's pay * serious * penance for the lies they told to gain entry to the eurozone . 
  - no pensions, 
  - no healthcare, 
  - no social security of any kind in fact, 
  - 80 % tax - payable by everyone from 0 - dead and enforced by the efficient german taxation office ( wearing black uniforms , jackboots and leather trench coats in winter of course ... ), 
  - free labour provided to other eu countries industry by greek workers, 
  - government spending only on eu standard infrastructure ( for tourists , other eu countries ' businesses ' benefit ) , nato defence contribution and effective internal security to clamp down on any dissent rising from such `` harsh '' measures, 
  of course once all of these measures have had time to properly take effect and greece has a proper tax revenue , eliminated corruption and repaid its debts from the massive surpluses/overseas labour corps ' efforts then they can be removed and greece simply carry on as a functioning member of the eu . 
  clean the house , do some work , tighten belts for a while and greece will simply be transformed !, 
  it is like a depressed person leaving their bedroom , having a shower and doing some exercise . 
  i believe that enforcing such a regime as this to be the sole sane course of action left to the rest of the eu for helping their greek cousins at this point . 
  that was a close one . 
  perhaps i should have included a / s , but i though with the german tax inspectors in leather trench coats and so it would n't even be necessary ... 
  it 's * always * necessary though , is n't it ? 
  it was n't their choice , the russians made them be communists . 
  and you believe that ? 
  that a ) the u.s. 
  forces attacked civilians * on purpose * rather than because they were in the vicinity of where the rockets were fired when they responded in the story above or b ) the idf is able to be any more certain and is too moral to attack only * 100 % confirmed * terrorists ? 
  i know some people will believe anything , but this ? 
  you can believe this because your govt tells you it is so ? 
  when did i tell you that ? 
  i just asked you if you truly believed your reply to the american combat veteran 's comment about his experiences - ie you believed the israeli propaganda about the idf that you just burped up over a veteran 's explanation of what actually happens in the real world ... 
  it 's the west bank of the river jordan , that 's why it 's called that ... 
  there are no u.s. 
  bases in israel . 
  all weapons are israeli owned and operated . 
  where is he factually wrong ? 
  except they 're not past sins , but very much ongoing, 
  no u.s. 
  bases in israel though ... 
  if you 've * ever * read / r/worldnews before you 'd realise that the un exists solely to unfairly criticise israel !, 
  basic knowledge ... / s, 
   sure they can . 
  because israel can do whatever they damn well please and anyone who dares question or criticise any of it is simply anti-semitic . 
  / r/worldnews 101 right there . 
  never ? 
  what about the jewish communities that existed at the thin of mohammed ? 
  learn history . 
  the australian army was heavily involved in capturing palestine from the ottomans . 
  in many ways i think australia is at least as entitled to a decent chunk of israel as the zionists - our involvement was more recent and involved clearing the turks out , not leaving for 2000 years and then deciding we had the right to evict the native population . 
  i think the adf * should * head to israel and claim our chunk asap . 
  apart from the shameless whataboutism of your comment , let 's not forget israelis stab gays during gay pride parades . 
  oh yeah and israel shoots kids for throwing rocks ... 
  so what 's your point ? 
  jews in iran are n't persecuted , in fact they are treated better than palestinians are by israel . 
  i think the iranian jews are going to be just fine personally . 
  what do the jews who helped the nazis catch other jews have to do with the iranian jews ? 
  do you think they 're sneaking into israel , spying on dimona and assassinating israel nuclear scientists ? 
  that 's just whataboutism , something your other comment reply to me was guilty of too . 
   a hate crime by a person like yourself, 
  ooh , now you 've moved on to ad hominem . 
  you opened the whataboutism pandora 's box ; is n't your complaining about it just a little bit hypocritical ? 
  do you have a source for either german jews supporting the nazis or iranian jews criticising israel to support iranian rhetoric ? 
  the accounts i have read of german jews assisting the nazis have all been about personal survival , but have never included support for the nazis . 
  the iranian jews do n't have to publicly support the iranian government or criticise the israeli regime - at least i have never seen any example of it . 
  i really would be very interested to see where you draw this perfect parallel from . 
  i did n't see the comment , but idf * cowardice is well known . 
  the typical idf sop conversation * must * go something like this ... 
  `` that kid is holding something in his hand . 
  maybe a piece of gum , but it might be he has a. ... a. ... pebble captain ! '', 
  [ cut to scene of urine staining private 's trousers ... ], 
  `` get the tank private ! '', 
  so why would you even * wish * to be surprised be any comment drawing attention to this ? 
  often humour is a very accurate window into people 's true thoughts ... 
  what 's that in pounds ? 
  metric just does not make any sense !, 
  similar to the link between rising crime levels equal to increasing mexican immigration into the usa ? 
  or to put it another way , do you consider donald trump 's views on mexican immigration to be fair and reasonable ? 
  chill out brah , that really hurts when you say such awful things about me , ya know ? 
  just using a bit of gentle comedy to make a serious point - how can you , in all honesty and with a straight face , try to deny that / r/worldnews is generally pro-israeli , especially in the comments ? 
  sure articles that discuss the most egregious crimes of the israeli regime ( particularly those that are topical at the time , eg to do with israel 's current efforts to subvert the us political process/otherwise derail the iran nuclear deal atm or concerning gaza during events such as the surely intentionally ironically named `` operation protective edge '' ) * do * make it to the front page with massive numbers of upvotes ; no amount of block voting from what is after all a small community can override the genuine outrage such actions engender . 
  however , so many day-to-day stories about palestine * are * down voted to the point that they never make this sub 's `` rising '' page and one has to go to the `` controversial '' tab to enjoy a lively debate about most issues related to the illegal occupation and oppression occurring in palestine . 
  when stories do make the front page the comments are usually heavily dominated by commenters whose opinions are very defensive towards israel and any dissent is * usually * ** heavily ** downvoted . 
  not always , but 90 % of the time . 
  of course you and i both suffer from confirmation bias - you * think * / r/worldnews is anti-israeli so every such comment raises your ire and leads you to click the little purple button or even make one of your `` cutting '' one line comments whereas my outrage is engaged by the facts i outlined above . 
  in both cases our beliefs are entrenched further each time we see what we expect to see . 
  now i 'm not denying that some commenters * are * racist/bigoted/anti-semitic or whatever and deserving of their downvotes , nor - as i actually explained above - that certain stories that hold israel 's actions up to the light do get massive upvotes ( `` the olive trees , the olive trees ... '' ) , but if you could * try * to consider my points objectively , maybe click that `` controversial '' tab and see what 's there or look at the number of downvotes anti-israeli/pro-palestinian/neutral comments get in those `` anti-israeli '' articles ( despite the huge number of upvotes for the article itself , demonstrating general support for its topic which these downvoted comments are generally just expanding upon or discussing ) and objectively analyse what 's going on i think you 'll find / u/wadewilsonforpope is perfectly correct in his assertions . 
  that is all i was trying to say - phrasing it humorously was shorter and more pithy , but obviously does n't work for those lacking any sense of humour . 
  but why listen to me ? 
  i 'm just a troll , are n't i ? 
  ( predicted answer in classic / u/computer _ name laconic , avoiding engagement in actual discussion style is `` yes '' , ha ha ... ), 
  i do n't agree with the argument you are trying to make with your points , disingenuously cherry-picked to avoid confronting the real issues with mexican illegal immigration into the us by couching the issues purely in terms of islamic political problems as they are , but i 'm going to leave them and just ask again - do you agree with donald trump 's stated policies on mexicans ( which so closely match yours on muslims in europe after all ... ) ?
