  israel 's banking and immigration laws are very favourable for criminal gangs seeking to launder money and the country 's banks are known to have profited greatly from having laundered billions for the russian mob since the '90s . 
  there are 16 organised crime families in israel - only three of them arab . 
  the bedouin are known for trafficking drugs and weapons certainly , but humans not so much . 
  it is primarily the jewish israeli crime families that profit from that ( particularly nasty ) trade and the equally disgusting associated trade in illicit organs . 
  obviously israelis from all social groups are involved in organised crimes , not just arabs or just jews ; however , the arabs are greatly outnumbered in anyone 's estimation . 
  except , it seems , yours ... 
  i upvoted you . 
  firstly to thank you for the laughs - it 's hilarious watching this - but mainly because i applaud your anti-bigotry-from-either-side stance . 
  at the very least , both hamas 's and the idf 's members are certainly human . 
  i can only imagine that the downvotes are coming from new kids on the block who are unaware of your extensive and tireless efforts to confront anti-semites and other bigots not only in this sub , but also those you run for that express purpose !, 
  at least you got to experience life from the other side of the tracks i guess ... 
   there is nothing racist about wanting land and safety for your common people . 
  no , that is not racist . 
  what * is * racist is believing that your race has the * right * to take an arbitrarily chosen , already populated block of land and expel the vast majority of its well-established , original & native population without any form of compensation so your race can move in ... 
  how is * that * not racist ? 
  this title is misleading . 
  although this does not lessen the evil of his intentions , he never intended to attack ukrainian jews - only israeli tourists in ukraine . 
  the arrested man is a gazan , living under the israeli occupation - what he planned was anti-israeli , not anti-semitic as the title implies . 
  the distinction is important . 
  of course ( it should go without saying ) any attacks on israeli civilians are utterly deplorable , indefensible acts of terrorism wherever they are committed ; however , these planned attacks were not intended as terrorism targeting * jews just for being jews * , but solely israeli citizens . 
  in other words , gazan terrorism is * not * spreading to target non-israeli jews internationally . 
  so these two idf soldiers ' incompetence led to a palestinian 's death and to ten others being wounded ? 
  are they going to be court-martialed for creating an unnecessary provocation and the violence that ensued simply because they were too lazy to use map ? 
  even though i guess he must technically have been born a year early , is n't this * the most * millennial thing you 've * ever * read about ? 
  the sense of entitlement is jaw-dropping ... 
  is netanyahu the israeli trump ? 
   what is racist is * believing that your race has the right * to take an arbitrarily chosen , already populated block of land and expel the vast majority of its well-established , original & native population, 
  i was discussing the mindset that led to the selection of palestine to form the israeli state , not `` what actually happened '' . 
  not that your description even comes close to accurately describing `` what actually happened '' either . 
  i personally support the jewish people 's right to self-determination and thus israel 's right to exist ; however , that does n't make me blind to the racist attitudes of * some * zionists , from those of the time of the first aaliyah ( attitudes i find relatively easy to forgive , given the era and attitudes of people from that era generally ) to the present-day ultra-zionists ( such as - for example - the hilltop youth or even politicians such as netanyahu , akunis and shaked - israel 's modern-day three zionist stooges ... ) . 
  i specified backlash against him . 
  you filled in the '' ... and his whole racial group '' all by yourself . 
  to point out he was wrong and , what 's more , playing on the same false victim narrative that the subject of the article was . 
  there * is * no `` backlash against all jews '' resulting from this man 's actions . 
  he personally was criticised in the article * and * in the comment i first replied too . 
  unless it was well-played sarcasm the irony was just too great for him not to be called out on it . 
  not one word used or idea expressed criticises all jews . 
  unless * you * truly believe jews * are always * `` the victims '' and denying that is anti-semitic in and of itself ? 
  honestly , i do n't see how what you originally replied to earned me the sobriquet of `` bigot '' . 
  did you miss a '' / s '' somewhere perhaps ? 
  edit : added a couple of words . 
  i just read all 204 comments and there is a smattering of anti-semitic idiots who have been downvoted to oblivion , but all the top comments hold him personally responsible . 
  there will always be bigots in threads about israel unfortunately , often including israelis who are highly bigoted towards palestinians/arabs . 
  however , the overwhelming majority of commenters - like me - did not blame `` the jews '' at all and you surely can not believe the thread as a whole victimises jew ? 
  i replied to one comment , when there were far , far fewer comments than the current 215 . 
  certainly less than 50 . 
  perhaps less than that . 
  i do n't bother gracing the idiots with replies , and why should i ? 
  half of them only want attention or pointless arguments . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't * have * to correct every anti-semitic comment i see , no matter how unpleasant i find them . 
  what prompted my response to the comment i replied to was the irony inherent in saying what he said within * this * thread . 
  to be frank it was funny and i responded in kind . 
  you do understand why his comment was ironic , do n't you ? 
  and that it was his complete and utter blindness to that irony which garnered him his downvotes ? 
  holy shit , that guy is such a massive dick . 
  the funniest part is that california 's gsp * is * greater than australia 's gdp , though his numbers - according to google are wrong for both figures - so if he just stopped trying to insist there was that 1.6 million times difference he 'd be `` right '' . 
  though in this case `` right '' seems to be a highly subjective term anyway . 
  without having read the rest of the comments for the post , there was enough context provided by other comments to make it appear gdp figures were n't really relevant to the ( already pointless ) argument : whether california 's drought or australia 's drought was worse . 
  ( the author of the linked comment was , of course arguing california 's drought made australia 's look like nothing ... ), 
  edit : forgot a word !, 
  the million behind 1.6 , making my comment as nonsensical as his ... 
   slovakia just put neo-nazis in parliament . 
  i bet you 'll love it there . 
  he means thick as in stupid , so i guess it 's lucky that other , unusual interpretation of thick 's meaning no longer applies . 
  at least you have that going for you . 
  war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength . 
  what you are seeing here is a shift in the israeli narrative to denying there is an occupation as a first step in [ annexation as official , but secret , government policy ] ( http://mondoweiss.net/2016/03/netanyahu-govt-is-implementing-annexation-of-west-bank-as-secret-but-official-policy/ ) . 
  a bit like a frog , but rougher though not rough like a toad . 
  what a tosser , did n't even tell people what his edit was . 
  the big question is why he was watching the original video anyway now . 
  what is his real agenda ? 
  so , 25 % of americans want trump to become el presidente ... 
  ok so that 's not * most * americans , but it 's * still * a pretty scary proportion . 
  it does not speak well of the american populace 's capacity for decision making , does it ? . 
  100 % of foreigners recognise he 's totally insane . 
  well reality tv has replaced movies as the archetypal american art form , so just as many people used to think life was like a movie of course they now think it 's a reality tv show . 
  in that sense trump is the logical successor to reagan . 
  reagan was a movie star from an era when movies epitomised us culture ; trump is his 21st century equivalent in that regard at least , being the reality tv superstar he is . 
  i guess we should all just be thankful it was n't a kardashian ... 
  this time at least . 
  10-15 % of the real population is * still * a frighteningly high percentage ... 
  i just hope he does n't * become * president ; that would not be an ideal outcome for either the us , nor anyone else on the planet . 
  i hope you and others who , like you , are not rabid trumpophiles get out and vote on the day !, 
  and the journalists who filmed the israeli drone strike against kids playing soccer on the beach in gaza ? 
  these are * very * widely known incidents , i am extremely surprised * anyone * who has more than a passing interest in israel/palestine needs a source , but anyway , here you go :, 
  [ there were two incidents , the first a drone strike and the second naval artillery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_gaza_war_beach_bombing_incidents ) . 
  i totally agree - the civilian deaths on both sides are unnecessary and awful , but in terms of sheer numbers the idf is certainly far ahead of hamas 's killing game . 
  that 's not to deny that hamas 's tactics are unforgivable too though , as i said civilian deaths on both sides are terrible and hamas 's killing of israeli civilians with rocket attacks and tendency to fight in close proximity to palestinian civilians certainly contributes greatly to the egregious number of civilian casualties - the idf are merely more efficient . 
  maybe this is n't a mistake ... 
  maybe this is an unintended early reveal that the f-35 program is going to be killed off and the usaf is planning to buy j-20s instead ? 
  that would be a really interesting trip , but - as your mam obviously realises - pretty dangerous . 
  are n't there travel restrictions on who can enter the wb at the moment ? 
  of course either i might be mistaken or they may have been tightened up recently , but do you know what the rules were around entering the occupied area ? 
  already asked and answered , but here you go :, 
  what about the idiots ? 
  i have often read , as well as heard via the media , that they are taking over in the usa . 
  one could only hope it is not true , but then trump * is * doing very well in the presidential race so i think even hoping it 's not true seems to be hopelessly optimistic . 
  just in the past week i have noticed more pro-israeli commenters denying there is even any occupation , instead of defending it as legal . 
  i wonder if it has anything to do with [ the adoption of annexation of the wb as official , but secret , israeli government policy under a `` legal '' argument defined in the recent levy report ( that netanyahu commissioned ) ] ( http://mondoweiss.net/2016/03/netanyahu-govt-is-implementing-annexation-of-west-bank-as-secret-but-official-policy/ ) ? 
  israel also holds the nuclear sword of damocles over the us government 's head , and has done so since the yom kippur war of '73 when they threatened nuclear armageddon if the us did not immediately begin shipping new arms to the idf to replace those destroyed by egypt in the early stages of the war ( when israel 's hubristic over-confidence in their own capabilities led to the egyptians giving them a nasty bloody nose ... ) .
