  there is absolutely no justification for attacks on civilians , by either side . 
  full stop . 
  soldiers , however , are legal combatants , * not * innocent civilians . 
  resistance to occupation is allowed under the geneva convention , to which israel is party . 
  ( the same geneva convention under which the settlements you have been defending are * illegal * ... ), 
  i sympathise with you for your no doubt traumatic experiences , but really you should n't play soldiers to defend illegal activities then cry foul when casualties occur , whilst simultaneously justifying your * own * right to execute whomever you please on your own recognisance . 
  if you really ca n't understand how , when taken together , all of that is a hypocritical position you are either brainwashed , an irredeemable ideologue zealot or a sociopath . 
  sorry , but there it is - the view of the world outside israel . 
  imo attacking civilians is always terrorism and can not be justified . 
  the gc * does * allow resistance to occupation ; however , that obviously only applies to military targets . 
  there is some concern that the next generation of idf draftees may be ideologically incapable of carrying out orders from their own government to evict settlers from the wb when that day finally comes , so right-wing and bigoted has israeli youth become under the present regime 's `` educational '' system ... 
  edit : spelling, 
  sorry , it 's not the gc , but article 51 of chapter vii of the un charter . 
  my mistake . 
  this is also open to interpretation and has not been ruled on directly with regards to palestine , except that when israel tried to invoke article 51 to justify the illegal wall , the icj 's 2003 advisory on the matter explicitly refuted the validity of * that * claim . 
  i must admit though that it is perhaps not quite as clear cut as i had originally implied . 
  nonetheless the balance of international opinion seems to largely hold that the palestinian resistance falls under the remit of this article . 
  tbh in an ideal world i would agree wholeheartedly with your sentiments ; however in israeli occupied palestine there are very few rainbows and no unicorns whatsoever , so please forgive me my pragmatism/cynicism . 
  you identified the source of my cynicism precisely in your final sentence : the israeli regime 's behaviour is orthogonal to its stated goals . 
  so which do we believe , the ever-changing words of a man like benjamin netanyahu and the comic-book-evilesque gang of cronies that make up his cabinet , or the reality of their actions ? 
  i tend to feel actions speak louder than words , especially in this situation . 
  i was not trying to write a justification for murder , but merely point out the amoral hypocrisy inherent in the position of the commenter i replied to . 
  the default position of such israeli apologists such as he is that they believe israelis and palestinians are completely seperate species to whom entirely different rules apply . 
  thus the idf bombing of civilian populations - employing all the horrors of modern , industrialised weaponry - or the extra judicial murder of a palestinian terrorist is acceptable , yet the actions of that terrorist are not , even though the terrorist attacked soldiers actively engaged in the commission of an activity - colonisation of the wb - that is not only illegal , but manifestly immoral . 
  ( colonisation is inherently an enterprise of racist violence in and of itself , a fact that even the apologists acknowledge with their very apologia , just one orwellian facet of the israeli narrative , the narrative i challenged ... ), 
  to not challenge such behaviour and beliefs is , de facto , to condone if not endorse them . 
  so yes , all murder * is * bad , but so is hypocrisy and the bigotry that engenders the entire situation . 
  believe it or not i am a zionist . 
  i - wholeheartedly , without reservation - believe in the right of israel to enjoy self-determination and a peaceful existence . 
  however , i also believe in the palestinians ' right to the same , so in my personal weltanschauung it would be hypocritical of * me * to * not * challenge israel 's oppression of the palestinian people and their unnecessarily heavy-handed efforts to secure their own lifestyle to the direct detriment of their neighbours and cousins , the indigenous population of palestine . 
  when israel plays by the rules i will be free to exclusively take issue with the palestinians ' actions , if they are still violent and immoral . 
  until then i must attempt to address the problem at its root and imo the root is israeli injustices . 
  the last thing israel wants is for the onion-layers of bullshit surrounding any of the contentious issues surrounding its behaviour in palestine to be peeled back in an open courtroom , the decisions of which it will be bound ( at least theoretically - israel 's history of adhering to rulings , judgements and resolutions is patchy , to put it * very * kindly ) to uphold . 
  israeli apologists are very fond of pointing out that no binding legal ruling has been made on many of these issues ; they are * much * less fond of being reminded that is only the case because they are so resistant to crawling out from under the rocks and into the daylight so such a binding ruling can be made . 
  so that 'll be three months in the can and an early discharge for him then . 
  what 's the standard excuse again ? 
  is it `` the military does n't have the facilities to hold convicted soldiers in long term custody '' ? 
  i * think * that 's what 's usually trotted out by the idf , is n't it ? 
  it sounds about right anyway . 
  lpt : make sure you do n't use headphones and turn the volume to max !, 
  your fellow passengers will thank you for the entertainment !, 
  i get you think it looks like pussy , but seriously how the fuck is it nsfw ? 
  it 's just bread . 
  no , i do n't think rejection of israeli legitimacy is the issue , at least not any more, 
  fatah have already long agreed to full recognition of israel as part of any peace plan , whilst the [ arab peace initiative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_peace_initiative ) , which israel has essentially just ignored since it was first put on the table in 2002 and is still open today , includes recognition of israel by all the arab states . 
  israel has n't * really * faced any serious existential threat since 1979 when they made peace with egypt and jordan . 
  indeed , those two countries and israel now cooperate on a great many levels - would israel have given twenty ah-1 attack helicopters to jordan if there was * any * fear those helicopters might be turned on the idf ? 
  ( rhetorical question , no need to answer . ), 
  in fact israel has n't been attacked in 43 years , at least not by another state . 
  all conflict is currently with palestinians and as i already said they have already agreed to recognise israel ; however , israel has itself walked away from , ignored ( arab initiative ) or otherwise torpedoed a number of deals ( though , to be fair , the palestinians have also been equally intransigent at times ... ) that could have ended the conflict . 
  unless , of course , you subscribe to the narrative that the palestinians are incapable of rational self-interest , but rather are slavering beasts who only want to kill jews , with no interest in living in peace themselves ? 
  in all honesty , denying palestinian humanity undermines israel 's cause more so than it does the palestinians ' . 
  neither side is perfect , but both are human beings and almost all human beings ultimately want the same things . 
  the history of israel 's creation is contentious , but israel now exists and is solidly established . 
  israel can no longer be written out of history ; however , the country must face up to this problem to earn a place amongst the civilised nations and see an end to criticism such as mine . 
  if only yurop had reasonable gun laws !, 
  if everyone was carrying the terrorists would be stopped dead in their tracks - literally . 
  shit , the immigrants would too . 
  just like ~ ~ san bernadino ~ ~ , er i mean ~ ~ sandy hook ~ ~ , well that is to say ~ ~ the mexican border ~ ~ ... shit . 
  well , i 'm sure if op had been present at any of the above those dastardly terrorists would be stopped at least . 
  is n't it the right-wingers who are constantly reaching for their weapons like it 's the late 19th century and they live in the wild , wild west ? 
  or does he mean `` gun-grabbing '' as in taking away * other people 's guns * ? 
  gosh , if that 's the case no wonder he 's peeved . 
  2nd amendment people !, 
  it 's at least 50 % of what makes america great goddammit !, 
  ( the remainder of america 's greatness of course coming from high-fructose corn syrup , truck testicles and fractional ethnic identity . ), 
  strap on ? 
  now * that 's * putting the sausage into the sausage dog !, 
  er , carthage is in tunisia and was eventually rebuilt as a roman city , but otherwise spot on . 
  obviously the modern `` treaty '' was merely symbolic ; however it does seem a bit pointless - was war * really * a risk between the modern italian rome and present day tunis ? 
  idk , maybe it was ; however , that does seem pretty unlikely , at least to me !, 
  i prefer facts to polemic - it 's easy to get carried away in here thanks to the extreme polarisation , but if the option 's there i 'll choose discussion over didacticism every time . 
  being mulish does n't help the discussion and certainly does n't help one educate oneself . 
  i appreciate anyone with whom i can actually talk about things , rather than just trade outrageous , one-sided diktats , with too . 
  this is true , but , equally , normal young adults do n't casually walk up to a wounded , subdued prisoner and casually blow them away either !, 
  literally * everything * you just said applies to israelis just as much as it does palestinians . 
  the only difference is that israel has the weight of a modern military apparatus behind it and indisputably presents a clear and present threat to palestine 's very existence ( not * israelis * , but the israeli regime , especially the present hard-right incumbents and the extremist settler groups ) , despite having already displaced what is now millions of palestinians from their homes in the 70 % of historical palestine that now makes up israel !, 
  as i clearly stated before , i 100 % israel 's right to continued self-defence and proper security ( which unfortunately is not currently as strong as it might me ) , but the palestinians deserve the same . 
  i 'm not going to go through the conflict 's history in excruciating detail ( in any case i have no doubt you 'd disagree with elements of my analysis ) , but at this point finger pointing has become a zero-sum game . 
  believe it or not palestine 's interests and israel 's are closer than the propagandistas from either side would have us believe . 
  peace for one means peace for the other . 
  were n't you the one who started our conversation by stating that all murder is wrong , be it of civilian or combatant ? 
  did you * say * `` all murder is bad '' , but actually * mean * all murder of * israelis * is bad , whilst murderiing palestinians is ok ? 
  how does that work ? 
  does that mean in your opinion an israeli life is intrinsically worth more than that of a palestinian ? 
  how can you say there is no threat to the palestinians existence ? 
  50 % of israelis are fine with them being deported en masse from their homes !, 
  if that is n't a serious threat to the existence of palestine , then what , in your mind , * does * constitute a threat ? 
  it seems particularly real , seeing as such an ethnic cleansing has already happened , in ' 47 / ' 48 . 
  i think we 're done mate . 
  i do n't see much point in talking to you if your argument is predicated around the belief that israel is more important than palestine and israeli lives are worth more than palestinians ' . 
  if i have misread your argument please explain my misunderstandings to me , but , otoh , please do n't if you 're about to spew out some bigoted bullshit . 
  and incidentally found the line of julius caesar ... 
  ok , so over the past few years i have become pretty inured to americans ' total lack of a sense of irony , but this , this i did n't actually believe * was n't * that rarest of beasts - a self-aware seppo - intentionally making a funny . 
  however , some very brief research established that no , he was perfectly serious . 
  my belief system was nearly shaken for a moment there , but this r/the _ donald mod did n't make me have to reassess * shit * in the end . 
  thank trump for * that * !, 
  i knew i should have taken up a trade instead of going to university !, 
  oh hi , you 're the sas-famous guy , are n't you ? 
  how cool !,
