  i think he had an owner , he was just a dog in the village , hanging around and being friendly , but obviously well cared for . 
  remind me please : when exactly did i give you permission to stop providing me with amusing shitposts ? 
  you do n't think it 's oniony that * israel * has the gall to criticise any other nation on earth for illegal nuclear tests . . ? 
  perhaps you are just ignorant of the illegal nuclear arsenal israel itself possesses and its threats to use that illegal nuclear arsenal to trigger a global nuclear armageddon if the us did n't send weapons immediately during the '73 yom kippur war it was losing badly ? 
  israel are the world 's worst nuclear bullies ffs , they are perhaps the only nation on the planet that can not credibly criticise nk . 
  you find shit attractive ? 
  there 's a word for that - coprophiliac . 
  yeah , but then the crocs would move in . 
  i think you should call an ambulance . 
  no thanks . 
  that makes perfect sense ... 
  as they damn well should . 
  they do n't , they fight isis . 
  as opposed to certain other regional powers much beloved of the republicans who provide considerable indirect support to isis by bombing the shit out the forces actually fighting them on the ground , such as hezbollah and the saa . 
  it 's a bit like how the japanese started eating whale meat after wwii when traditional ingredients were in short supply . 
  germans used to use real dutch babies , covered in fruit and dusted with icing sugar , but post-wwii the occupation forces banned the practice . 
  this recipe was developed as a substitute . 
  nope , many places if it 's not zero it has to be marked as one . 
  certainly the case in australia . 
  i 'm in croatia now and the the cevapi are great . 
  actually , almost everything i have ever eaten here is pretty great tbh . 
  big fan of the peka , and the seafood is fantastic . 
  i do know that , but perhaps others do n't so it 's good to mention . 
  not `` in '' , `` from '' . 
  but it 's one of my favourites anyway , great on fresh bread . 
  right now i 'm on holiday in croatia and i am carrying a jar for breakfasts . 
  yeah , there are recipes for chicken and so using it as a seasoning , and people eat cheese and vegemite together a lot , either in sandwiches or baked into savoury scrolls . 
  not necessarily small dabs either ; experienced consumers often prefer it spread quite thick . 
  we do always advise people getting used to it to * start * with a thin spread though . 
  why would a golem be in a graveyard ? 
  his most famous exploit is probably his rescue of mussolini from allied captivity in a daring mountaintop raid with fallschirmj\u00e4ger troops ( paratroopers ) to help prolong italian assistance to the axis . 
  skorzeny is particularly notable as the germans used very few special forces ( as is also true of the japanese ) , with only skorzeny 's operations and those of the [ brandenburgers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brandenburgers ) operating in a role commensurate to the allied soe , oss , sas , lrdg , commandos , rangers and etc. 
   i 'm sorry dave , i ca n't let you eat that, 
  [ tax is just goddamn theft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_as_theft ) , according to certain fringe political beliefs at least . 
  in fact , as others have pointed out tax pays for services and infrastructure we all rely on . 
  you like having maintained roads , patrolled by police ? 
  taxation pays for that . 
  how about schools ? 
  tax pays . 
  what about a military to defend your country ? 
  yep , you got it , tax pays for that too . 
  your stay in hospital ( well , in civilised countries at least ) ? 
  your tax dollars cover those bills as well . 
  tax is a part of the social contract between state and citizen , whereby the state takes care of us and we in return help support the state . 
  nope , it 's israel that does n't attack al-nusrah , but instead treats their wounded and bombs their enemies . 
  if you , you know , read the news then the context is perfectly clear . 
  netanyahu 's speech itself was well reported . 
  more like `` we are uncomfortable with blatant lies and inflammatory propaganda in the prelude to peace talks , please shut up you genocidal maniac '' . 
  how would you suggest the title was phrased then ? 
  how so ? 
  yeah , writing headlines is tricky because of the length restrictions , but i get your point , also the point about many readers not paying attention . 
  perhaps '' ... inflammatory speech '' rather than mentioning the details would have been better . 
  i just said netanyahu personally has such tendencies , not that he 's implementing them . 
  i think netanyahu 's publicly stated positions have laid him open to justified suspicion regarding his intentions , but i agree it 's hard to know with such a mendacious fellow exactly where he stands . 
  not fantasy or slander then , but open to debate . 
  not * everyone * gets hooked on heroin . 
  you should try it , i bet you 'd be fine . 
  meth too . 
  you mean like the wb ? 
  spend more time with them . 
  you can enjoy a very different relationship with your parents as an adult than you did as a kid - do it while you can , man . 
  really ? 
  i just smoke mine . 
  i make sure i grind properly and keep it clean , but ripping pipes is no bother . 
  you should quit , tobacco is * baaaaaad * shit , man . 
  c\u00e0 ph\u00ea s\u1eefa \u0111\u00e1 - vietnamese iced coffee ( made with chicory roasted beans , ice and condensed milk ) . 
  very popular in vn , nice drink with a powerful sugar/caffeine kick , but refreshing af on a hot day . 
  would recommend 100 % . 
  brezhnev was a soviet leader ; honecker was leader of the ddr ( east germany ) , which was not a soviet republic , but rather a warsaw pacr/communist bloc ally . 
  if it said it did then it did . 
  eu labelling is very exact . 
  ask again in a couple of years and maybe the answer wo n't be so clear cut . 
  looks like your heart has scabies . 
  sorry to be the one to have to tell you . 
  went to a usually cool bar last night in split , only to find they were playing nfl on the tvs and the place was full of dreadful seps hooting and hollering like a troop of chimps . 
  loud cunts made it impossible to enjoy a drink there so i had to literally walk 20m to the next bar . 
  yep , czechia since 2nd of may this year . 
  czechia ( new official name since earlier this year ) is more like central europe too , but the rest is pretty spot on . 
  home of my favourite beers - pilsner urquel and staropraman . 
  home of all pilsners really ( and by extension lager ) , pilsen being the czech town where they were first brewed . 
  now called czechia , since 2nd may this year . 
  capital prague : famous for king charles bridge ; the castle ; defenestration ; assassination of particularly nasty nazi reinhard heydrich ( which led to an entire village 's murder and destruction as reprisal ) ; amazing cathedral ; amazing architecture all round ; fascinating jewish cemetery ; cheap beer ; great sausages as street food ... 
  nobody 's made an op 's mum comment ? 
  strange , this question seems to be screaming for one . 
  hello trump , goodbye america . 
  not that clinton is any more appealing , she seems like the most venal woman alive . 
  as a non-american i really pity the us voting public this time round ; there does not seem to be any good option . 
  dear god , the irony . 
  * all * states with illegal nuclear weapons programs should be sanctioned imo . 
  i 'm not american so i ca n't truly judge , i was just giving my perspective as an outsider . 
  i do think trump will at least disrupt the status quo , which clinton would indubitably only further cement . 
  america is by no means alone in this , but i think a change is due in your politics/society . 
  ( i think the same about my country - australia - too . ), 
  no , it 's bloody awful . 
  all of them are . 
  if i hear that loud , nasal , braying in a bar or whatever i turn right around and find somewhere else to go . 
  literally did this last night from a bar in split , where they were unfortunately playing nfl on the tvs and the seppoes drinking in there were hooting and hollering like a troop of bloody chimpanzees . 
  looks like the mystery of where dr mengeles ended up is finally solved . 
  lol , no , nothing so direct . 
  for the record let me state i do not believe `` israel totes did 9/11 '' .
