  there 's something satisfying about pulling a cork that you just do n't get with a screw top anyway ... 
  the museum where i took the photo [ says it 's a g-2 ] ( http://www.rafmuseum.org.uk/research/collections/messerschmitt-bf-110g-2/ ) . 
  i would agree with that , but it is important to remember that one may disagree with israel 's government , its leaders and their actions or behaviour politically/militarily without hating israel . 
  despite on occasion criticising israel 's behaviour as a state actor i do n't think israel has no right to exist , nor do i hate the israeli people . 
  there is a massive gulf between that and hating israel . 
  edit : removed the `` entirely '', 
  well if by hating israel you mean you want to eliminate israel entirely , which is how i would interpret `` hating israel '' , then sure . 
  if you just `` hate '' it in an `` i hate mondays '' kind of way then maybe it 's not so black and white , but hate is a very strong word for that kind of feeling towards something . 
  i 'm going to have redirect you to my comment history , but suffice to say ** i 'm ** not a jidf shill . 
  edit : sort by `` controversial '', 
  where else in the world are neighbourhoods built for certain ethnicities anyway ? 
  that in itself is an apartheid policy !, 
  segregation at the very least , yet it 's talked about as though it 's completely normal and natural ... 
  ah , poor [ ben zygier ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/thousands-israeli-arab-homes-threatened-demolition-203434489.html ) the jewish australian serving israel who committed suicide whilst under 24hr surveillance in a `` suicide proof cell '' whose crimes have never been revealed and whose very identity was intended to be lost under his identity as prisoner x. . . 
  it 's pretty psycho when you see it spelled so very clearly in the clear belief that it is entirely reasonable and justified . 
  scary stuff . 
  if jews are n't a race , then fine . 
  however , seeking to ensure that arabs ( who definitely * are * a race ) remain a minority is equally racist anyway . 
  if they want to play semantic games , who cares ? 
  the reality shines through their obfuscations . 
  coupled with the story yesterday about [ thousands of arab israeli homes being destroyed ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/thousands-israeli-arab-homes-threatened-demolition-203434489.html ) i do n't see how it can possibly be argued that israeli does not enact a policy of apartheid . 
  even the apologists ' arguments about how the israeli government is building new arab developments is inherently racist and smacks of apartheid : where else are areas * built * for specific races to live in ? 
  the fact that they consider this to be a reasonable argument that proves that israel does not discriminate is mind boggling ... 
  i think they already worked it out , and tailored their strategies accordingly . 
  hamas are trying to act with the same degree of brutality , although they lack the military might to do so ; isis certainly managed to achieve the requisite brutality and acquired * israel 's * firepower by engaging with the iranians and hezbollah , enemies of israel that the idf happily bombs in support of isis 's forces in syria , while simultaneously treating al-nusrah ( isis 's ally ) fighters who have been wounded fighting hezbollah and iran in syria . 
  in this way isis receives a massive amount of fairly direct combat support from the idf for its operations in syria . 
  of course i do n't believe most israelis support isis - only the hardline zealots that are career members of the idf and members of netanyahu 's government . 
  i personally support israel 's right to exist , but i also have great empathy for the plight of the palestinians living under constant harassment from evil cartoon characteresque settlers who pelt them with stones and garbage with impunity due to the apartheid laws in the illegally occupied territory of west bank whilst the equally cartoonish combo of likud and the idf enact the land-grabbing/ethnic cleansing policies from above . 
  the situation is tragic for everyone : palestinians of course , but also moderate israelis who would like just to live in peace and even extreme-right wing bigots such as yourself who have been so horrendously brutalised by growing up constantly immersed in propaganda that they are twisted with hate and able to endlessly spout the type of self-righteous bigotry you spew out in comment after comment above without seeming to recognise how bigoted you even are ... 
  tragic . 
  that 's awesome , thanks man . 
  the typhoons did so much important work , great aircraft . 
  the article i linked refers specifically to arab israelis who are christian or muslim . 
  neither settlers nor the local palestinians are citizens of the west bank given that there is no palestinian state per se ; however , as the settlements are illegal any legal system that favours them over the legitimate population is not only inherently biased and discriminatory , kafkaesque in how back to front it is . 
  the criminals are rewarded for their crime by being given license to further abuse their victims at will !, 
  if the israeli government is so concerned about * building code * violations surely the settlements should all be bulldozed post-haste and without warning ? 
  the fact is that although some jews may breach building codes and be penalised for doing so the building codes are being used as another tool of discrimination and oppression . 
  it , like so much that goes on at the behest of the israeli right-wing regime is orwellian in that a totalitarian regime ( which were you an arab , or even just an unbiased outsider looking in like me you would surely recognise the current regime to be ) is using language to sanitise oppression . 
  speaking of the abuse of language to skew reality to suit a political end , what goes on in israel and the illegally occupied territories of the palestinian nation is not literally apartheid ( note the capital ` a ' ) which was a named policy enacted by israel 's former close ally and cooperator south africa when it was ruled by the despotic white south african minority . 
  apartheid * was * based purely on race as that was the clear line of demarcation between the oppressors and their victims ; however apartheid as practiced by the israeli state is based on a religio-cultural discriminator : whether you are jewish or not . 
  it is the same thing - different laws for different groups in a population that heavily favour one group to the detriment of the other - and to claim it 's not is merely to play with semantics whilst ignoring the essential facts of the situation . 
  me too . 
  that whole line of hawker fighters actually , typhoon , tempest and fury/sea fury are all magnificent aircraft although of the three the typhoon did of course have the most significant war record . 
  thank you for the pdf link , i will certainly read that !, 
  i do n't believe israel is supporting isis deliberately , but unfortunately the net effect of their actions is to provide support for isis . 
  again this comes down to trust . 
  if israel trusted hezbollah and iran to just fight isis ( as i believe they are , for now at least ... ) then they would n't bomb them and get in the way of that fight . 
  obviously though it is n't that simple - israel has a long history of conflict with hezbollah directly and a cold war with iran that makes such trust very difficult for the idf to square with their responsibilities for defending israel !, 
  your comments about palestine are very reasonable and the trust issue is obviously huge too . 
  in both cases both sides need to be willing to give and take , which is the crux of the whole problem . 
  of course national borders are n't a form of apartheid : do n't be ridiculous . 
  much of what you right is well enough reasoned , but you ruin that with such obvious strawmen . 
  i have never argued against the existence of israel and always confront anti-semites who take my criticisms of certain actions and policies of the israeli government/idf as a license to reply with bigoted hate-speech . 
  i also confront bigots who have n't replied to my own posts when i notice them , be they rabid anti-semites or fundamentalist , right-wing jews . 
  equally i engage in reasoned , equitable and polite discussions with pro-israeli/zionist commenters and try to find common ground if at all possible - i also always affirm my belief that neither side is entirely right or wrong and that what is needed is a mutual willingness to engage with the other in a genuinely good faith conversation . 
  i also recognise the difficulty for both sides in doing so - the mutual misunderstanding and mistrust runs very deep after years of conflict and under such circumstances trust is obviously hard to give . 
  if you feel like it you it you can go through my comment history and verify this , but i do comment a lot and unfortunately the reasoned discussions are bang in the middle whether you sort by top or controversial - by their nature they garnish neither up nor down votes as such conversations are n't held for karma , but in the hope of gaining understanding and they do n't incite negative or positive responses . 
  i guess i should n't have claimed to be unbiased as everybody without exception has a degree of bias ; i can lay better claim to being uninvolved which as a wasp ( for want of a concise better descriptor , it not being a term we use ... ) australian i certainly am - none of this has any impact on me personally or emotive lay barring the empathy any normal human being feels for others no matter how uninvolved they are with one another . 
  i do tend towards criticising the israeli regime ( though not the israeli people ) because their supporters are so vocal in forums like this . 
  you must admit that for every anti-semitic bigot on reddit there is an equally vile pro-israeli bigot , unwilling to concede anything against any action or policy of the israeli state , no matter how extreme or egregious . 
  criticising the actions and policy of the israeli regime does not necessarily mean one wishes to see the fall of israel or the resumption of pogroms and if more pro-israeli voices could absorb that fact they would get much less pushback from people like me . 
  israel may be better than other me regimes in some regards , but that does not excuse their bad behaviours . 
  israelis also demand to be seen as a western-style democracy ; if israel wishes to be seen as such then israel must be held to the same standards . 
  the hypocrisy of claiming the moral high-ground whilst simultaneously behaving in a manner that matches that of those they claim to be better than in some ways is what really gets my back up . 
  claiming that it is all self-defence and disavowing the clear colonialist , venal motivations behind the worst of the behaviours is just as bad and is not justified by the clear persecution complex and paranoia that is sadly instilled in much of the israeli population . 
  have jews been persecuted ? 
  that is a question which should not require an answer because it is so obviously true , but i acknowledge that there are those that would deny much of the jewish people 's tragic history . 
  has israel faced existential threats ? 
  the answer is the same . 
  more subtle a question is what is the present situation . 
  of course there are still anti-semites and enemies of israel extant , but imo israel is very secure these days with sufficient international support and military force to guarantee its ongoing security . 
  a reduction in the level of paranoia would actually help israel 's survival at this point as it would allow acknowledgement that some anti-israeli feeling is simple empathy for the palestinians and not just masked anti-semitism . 
  of course like trust between parties in the me this is difficult after so much bigotry , but it is necessary nonetheless . 
  the cessation of conflict in the me is now more important to ongoing israeli security and support than always getting everything the most extreme israeli opinions demand ever was . 
  that is the crux of things - having been treated badly does not endow israel with a carte blanche to inflict the same miseries on the palestinians . 
  yes the palestinians have been offered multiple opportunities to settle the conflict , but none that they - or i as an uninvolved observer - can consider equitable . 
  imo israel has gained a great deal thus far , but now israel needs to give some back to get a lot more in return and become an actor on the world stage like any other with the same respect , rights and responsibilities . 
  * tl ; dr better than bad can still be awful, 
  as i understand it capt. 
  weaver ended the war with 8 kills so i believe they 're all his . 
  edit : damn autocorrect, 
  is that flak damage near the nose art in the 5th picture or damage to the photo ? 
  the finns flew an interesting mix of aircraft through the war - from gloster gladiators and hawker hurricanes earlier in the was to bf 109s later on as well as everything ( in no particular order ) from ju 88s and do 17s to brewster buffaloes , maurane-saulnier m.s. 406s , fiat g. 50s , curtiss hawk 75s and bristol blenheims !, 
  very eclectic indeed !, 
  the finns also captured a soviet hurricane iib - evidentiary of what must have been the only time hurricanes fought each other on opposing side !, 
  on the other hand , from a guy 's perspective , i guess they both suck in different ways ... 
  / r/israel : israel and palestine - just merge, 
  that 's eight words and you forgot to mention the subreddit, 
  nice try china . 
  seriously though , i think they 're mainly , if not all in north dakota . 
  it 's the boomers ( ssbn - nuclear powered , ballistic missile launching subs ) that are the true second-strike force and are almost impossible to track . 
  / r/mildlypenis, 
  that 's because his generation grew up playing pokemon and texting instead of reading and writing ( and forget the ` rithmatic - they do n't need no stupid maths ! ), 
  so their communication skills are somewhat lacking . 
  canada has maple syrup ; america has gun crime . 
  you 're both nice peoples though . 
  at least that 's how it looks from down under ( waves ) . 
  facing north at the moment . 
  is that what you meant ? 
  i 'm a solution architect , working on rail signalling systems .
