  what 's your point ? 
  star wars : jar-jar binks, 
  french , * man i hate bad grammar . 
  nice try jpost , but we can see through your false equivalence sleight of hand propaganda efforts . 
  almost direct opposite of israeli style settlements - this is more like allowing the right of return !, 
  i had n't heard about that ; many of the engine failures were apparently caused by poor quality ball bearings that flaked shards into the engine 's lubricant , causing catastrophic failures . 
  the jane 's article said they had worked on series of improvements that reduced the incidence of such problems , but also mentioned some engine failures had been due to unknown issues so perhaps what you 're referring to is one of those issues being isolated ? 
  er , they were polish ? 
  killing poles is a very traditional russian activity . 
  it 's up there with drinking vodka , wearing adidas track suits and squatting . 
  read his comment more carefully ... 
  so how much did you get paid for that comment , or does your troll factory work on a per diem rate with a minimum comment quota ? 
  ( i 'm kidding by the way , i actually agree with you entirely ), 
  or maybe it was n't just a conspiracy * theory * ? 
  in australia your greens vote goes to labor under the preference system . 
  labor are socially only a little to the left of the liberals , are fiscally criminally irresponsible and are led by a bunch of often literally criminal ex-union thugs . 
  our liberal party is not liberal btw , they are more centre-right of the two centre-right parties : the names our political parties give themselves do n't make much sense . 
  but it takes so looooooong to vote below the line !, 
  i already know who i 'm voting for in the next election : clearly the jacquie lambie network is the only sane choice and i trust her with my preferences too ( / s ), 
  meanwhile , in other news israel regularly attacks with the weapons it has to hand - apache helicopters with hellfire missiles , merkava mbts firing he tanks shells , ( completely banned by international treaty ) white phosphorus artillery , f-15 / f-16s with 2000lb jdams . 
  are * some * attacks against military targets ? 
  sure . 
  are they all though ? 
  nope . 
  does any idf soldier or pilot need to worry about being prosecuted for killing civilians ? 
  effectively no , although with palestine 's joining of the icc this may change . 
  i honestly fail to see how anybody could read that and not be moved , saddened and upset by its contents , yet this comment thread will be filled with comments from those whose hearts have been so hardened to the suffering of the other that they will consider the situation as described to be completely justified and entirely the fault of those suffering . 
  some will even gloat about it , whilst many will essentially posit that it 's only terrorists suffering so no tears should be shed . 
  that 's another kind of tragedy in itself . 
  they 're everywhere , but only really go for tourists so are n't much of a hassle for us locals . 
  watch out if you visit though . 
  and some cities do have kangaroos very , very close to the city centre - looking at you canberra . 
  they 've been charged so they need to stay in wa long enough to face court and complete their punishment . 
  this is ok , and afterwards they will undoubtedly be deported . 
  what a picture , that 's awesome . 
  that endless blue sky , hard to believe they 're in the middle of the battle for the eastern front . 
  not only could you get in trouble were your arrangement to become known to the police , but that is a risky investment - if the drug dealer gets busted , robbed by other druggies , high from his own supply or just plain greedy and decides to not pay you then your money is gone and you ca n't exactly go to the courts to recover it given the circumstances . 
  such things are known to happen with drug dealers ... 
  hang on a minute . 
  is n't the reddit view of these things that if an leo feels threatened by a perp/suspect or may have prevented the commission of any current or potential future crime by shooting the perp in question then they are clearly above reproach in the matter and the only debate should be around whether or not they should be allowed fifty cal machine guns mounted on their cruiser roofs ? 
  because every time i 'm expressed any negative or even neutral thoughts about a police officer killing a young , black man in the usa i have received a whole bunch of downvotes and replies along the lines of so many black youths commit crimes that it would be utterly irresponsible to not allow leos the freedom to gun any black youth down in perfect certitude that they would not be prosecuted for what is a justified killing , in effect by virtue of the fact that the black youth in question could possibly have had a gun ? 
  the reaction is the same as if on / r/worldnews you posit an opinion that shooting a palestinian kid with a 120mm tank main gun and subsequently bulldozing his family 's home because he threw a rock or killing thousands of civilians in gaza because israelis have rockets that fail to kill any civilians fired at them is in any way a disproportionate reaction and it 's the same argument for that reaction - they were scared so they have to react with extreme violence to discourage the others , be they black youths or palestinians . 
  how is this case any different from the other killings of black youths really ? 
  yep . 
  would n't it be terrible if it escalated to the point israel and russia became involved in a nuclear exchange ? 
  it would surprise me if he was indicted for committing an offence against palestinians , but considering it was an anti-israel crime it 's not really that surprising , is it ? 
  look at what happened to australian citizen [ ben zygier ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_ben_zygier ) , better known ( ironically ) as prisoner x , who died in very suspicious circumstances after committing an unspecified crime whilst serving israel . 
  edit : fixed the results of autocorrect 's vagaries ... 
  where he may well [ commit suicide , despite being held under 24hr surveillance in a `` suicide proof '' cell ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_ben_zygier ) ... 
  sure , self-defence most definitely is . 
  completely disproportionate responses not so much so . 
  of course , any kind of nuclear exchange would be horrific . 
  of course there is no singular `` reddit view '' ; however the `` typical redditor vie '' ( ie the white , american college student/college-educated worker ) certainly holds the view i described . 
  my description may have been a little bit more lurid than the reality , but otherwise it 's pretty spot on . 
  believe me i 've had this `` discussion '' before . 
  meanwhile people who hold such opinions are loving this particular incident because it allows them to say `` see , i support cops getting busted when they are * clearly * in the wrong . 
  of course * all * those other times they thought they were in danger , even if it subsequently turns out they were n't ! '', 
  and pat themselves on the back for their reasonableness . 
  even in this case though there are still apologists ... 
  well , you do get non-white american redditors too , so sure . 
  your comment is hilariously disingenuous . 
  should be interesting reading . 
  that will include a decent chunk of putin 's own career , or at least his first career as a kgb colonel . 
  well , you 've sure got your own back ever since , have n't you ? 
  which must be nice for you . 
  even that would be interesting reading though - the holodomor for example , ww2 ... 
  where 's the bacon ? 
  disingenuous does not mean inaccurate . 
  it means :, 
   not straightforward or candid ; insincere or calculating, 
  he was responding to a comment that asked was having the jews return to their `` homeland '' worth the thousand of deaths that have ensued , deaths that include those of jews which are just as tragic as those of arabs . 
  by providing a link to an article about an early incidence of arab , anti-zionist violence / u/drboomkin was trying to paint a false picture whereby the zionists were merely and entirely innocent victims in all of the conflict that has occurred since they began their colonisation of palestine . 
  in fact early zionist violence was contemporary with such arab push back against what they knew to be a colonisation effort . 
  was the arab behaviour intolerant and xenophobic ? 
  certainly to our modern , enlightened eyes it was . 
  in their eyes it was self-defence , of their way of life if not yet their persons . 
  almost all people around the world who have suffered them have attempted to resist such colonisation efforts . 
  where / u/drboomkin was definitely being disingenuous was that he tried to paint the intolerance and violence on the part of the zionists as being an unhappy necessity for self defence . 
  in fact [ barely five years after the spontaneous riot he references the zionists were organised not just into self-defence groups like haganah , but virulently racist , ultraviolent terrorist organisations like irgun and the stern gang ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/zionist_political_violence ) who attacked not only indigenous arabs , but the british ( pro-zionist ! ), 
  administration and even [ humanitarians like count folke bernadotte who , after saving over 30,000 european jews from the nazis , was in palestine to negotiate between the arabs and zionists ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/folke_bernadotte ) !, 
  from the very start some zionists were accepting and even welcoming of the fact the establishment of israel would inevitably involve violent conflict with the existing inhabitants . 
  not all zionists , but certainly some . 
  i 'm not arguing that israel has no right to exist and can of course empathise with the jewish impetus for a safe homeland ; i am merely pointing out that / u/drboomkin was being disingenuous by trying to claim that all violence in the history of the state of israel ( or the zionist colonisation of palestine , whichever phrase you prefer ) originates with the arabs . 
  both sides are guilty of aggression , just as both sides are victims of it . 
  very clever , ha ha . 
  before that was nkvd , smersh , nkgb and etc. 
  same organisation , different names . 
  all being released it says . 
  all will be interesting . 
  the willingness , and in fact intention , to engage in violence was present from the time of the second aaliyah ( 1904-1919 ) , participants in which believed that violence was justified in furtherance of the zionist cause . 
  to quote [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/intercommunal_conflict_in_mandatory_palestine#during_ottoman_times ) :, 
   according to frankel the immigrants of the second aliyah had a strong secular and nationalist ethos . 
  the attitude towards the arabs took many forms however . 
  on one pole there were those like yitshak epstein and rabi binyamin who held that zionism should not antagonise the arabs . 
  epstein advocated settlement only in areas unworked by the arabs . 
  rabi binyamin held that modern education , full equality and modernisation would bring the arabs to accept massive jewish immigration . 
  on the other pole there were those who assumed that in order to reach their goal the zionists would have to defeat violent arab resistance . 
  brenner wrote `` there is now , there is bound to be , hatred between [ jews and arabs ] , and it will exist in the future too . '' . 
  `` blood and soil '' mythology was often a theme for them . 
  for instance k.l.
