  the `` colleges '' which give student visa status get federal funding , diverted from tafes and etc ; students pay to attend and get hooked up with a job - often by the same middleman in their home country . . 
  the 457 and student visa scams are different variations on the same theme . 
  not * forcibly * transferred into the occupied territories , no , but that argument is just semantics man . . 
  the fact is the population transfer of settlers into the west bank is facilitated by regime policy , even if people then choose to take advantage of these policies as individuals . 
  i like you too man , and i 'm we talked . 
  i always like people with i can hold a conversation instead of shouting match . 
  hope to catch you in the threads again mate . 
  the complex nature of legal language is indubitable !, 
  i think we shall have agree to disagree on the interpretation of transfer in this case : i have read opinions ( legal opinions ) that read it according to your preferred meaning ; however , i have also read opinions that support mine . . 
  so , one day maybe it will be cleared up , but i believe the intent behind it is clear and is intended to prevent the settlement of occupied areas . 
  i 'm not going to say you do n't have the right to your views though . 
  as i say , if it is ever allowed to go to ( international ) court , one day a definitive ruling/interpretation will be provided . 
  ha ha , i 'm sorry , but my indian friends never offered me any wives - i do n't think a ponzi marriage scheme would work though , as ponzis rely on constantly adding people to the scheme and marriages are a 1:1 thing !, 
  i 'm sure there are marriage scams too though - the nature of arranged marriages lend themselves to it . 
  i do n't see how dept immigration could tell the difference between a legit arranged marriage and one intended to end in divorce once both parties have gained citizenship ? 
  do you work in analytics ? 
  `` big data '' is certainly a buzzword , but given the advances in medicine , industry and etc that have been arrived at using tools from the `` big data '' grab bag , i would scarcely call it emperor 's new clothes . 
  however , perhaps you are a specialist in the field and would care to explain your intended meaning ? 
  ftr i am just a software engineer , so it is n't my speciality , though i do work with a lot of analytics type guys . . 
  ha ha , yeah `` glad '' * was * the secret word !, 
  you may now advance to the next round of conversation . . 
  being serious again , obviously i can never have a complete understanding of what it 's like to be somebody else , any more than anyone else can fully imagine what my life is like . 
  obviously these issues ( ie palestine/israel conflict and etc. . ) is significantly more immediate for you , and your perspective is informed by much more visceral forces than mine . 
  however , i can still - as mentioned - empathise , and in certain regards i have a great deal of sympathy for the israel position . 
  i am certainly not anti-israeli as much as anti-conflict , and i am not blind to the palestinians ' faults either . 
  i always appreciate people with whom i can actually discuss these matters , even if their views are orthogonal to my own ( which i suspect yours are n't , especially if both our positions are compared in their entirety ) ; it 's always interesting to hear other people 's views - so long as they are civil and well-informed of course . 
  i especially appreciate the views of those israelis with whom i have enjoyed extended conversation , it is interesting in and of itself and in any case discussion is my goal , not the issuing of diktats . . 
  take it easy mate , take care . 
  see you in the threads . 
  how would that be established though ? 
  such a system would be incredibly difficult to implement and enforce from a practical standpoint , and would intrinsically lend itself to corrupt practices . 
  not saying i disagree , just pointing out the devil is in the detail , and the last thing we need to do is open any doors to corrupt practices , especially from foreign investors who may not share our national values/scruples wrt to corruption due its prevalence in their home countries ( similarly to how the visa system is abused ) . 
  some of the spending is a carry over from labor 's policies though . 
  not saying the money was n't needed , just pointing out this is too complex an issue for the kind of black and white posturing that this sub suffers from so horribly . . 
  edit : aaaaaand instant downvote with doctrinaire anti-government response - thanks for making my last point for me , anonymous downvoting alp or union shill/troll/student wanker ( or whatever stereotypical type of r/australia denizen you are ) . . 
  except the recession did n't really touch us here due to structural factors inherent to our economy , not some economic miracle that labor magically pulled off . . 
  it 's very dishonest to try to attribute the relative lack of impact the late-noughties gfc had here to labor policy . 
  which is not to say they did badly , or to have a go at them ( or you ) - it just was what it was . 
  it 's * all * the libs fault and labor can do no wrong , right ? 
  and labor 's obstructionism in the senate has had * no * impact on the government 's ability to effectively govern ? 
  so , i take it that in your view labor are n't the corrupt , incompetent union muppets that most aussies consider them ? 
  did you not read what i wrote , but just start bashing the keyboard at the misperception i somehow slighted labor ? 
  i 'm not quite sure exactly what point you are trying to make with your second sentence either as it seems to be an opinion orthogonal ( in a general sense ) to your first sentence ; however , there are more than a * few * random alp shill bogans who decry the value of economic theory in this sub : indeed , some days they seem to make up the bulk of the sub 's subscribers . 
  i did n't say * i * held that view ; however , it is a view i regularly hear pretty much everywhere except r/australia . 
  perhaps it 's just the circles i move in though . 
  fwiw i have n't voted libs for some time personally . 
  in the past , yes , but not for the past few elections . 
   the mitigating circumstances of the gfc, 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  the gfc did n't affect australia too greatly * in spite of * labor , not * thanks to * them as a result of the nature of australia 's economy . 
  i do n't even vote libs mate , i 'm not trying to defend them - i am simply trying to break the endless r/australia circlejerk . 
  do n't worry though , one man could never achieve that alone , so you can still chow down on that soggy biscuit you evidently crave . 
  i * said * labor did n't do a * bad * job and stated i was n't having a go at them . 
  that 's why i was `` bewildered '' , although that is not really the correct term as i am perfectly well aware that anything except mindless fawning over labor is verboten by this sub 's hivemind . 
  while i was a bit surprised they had evidently turned my praise into an insult , i do understand how they `` think '' ( for want of a better word ) . . 
   oh wow , you 're such a rebel , such an outsider , only a truly great and righteous man such as yourself could ignore the siren-song of upvotes and speak truth to the ignorant masses . 
  woe unto me for i am undone !, 
  thanks mate , appreciate it . 
  i do n't truly gaf about anything you think , but it 's nice when people acknowledge one 's effort . 
   she could n't break out of ropes tied by a man , for instance . 
  nice . 
  i like it when comics base the characters powers on actual physics and stuff , like the star wars universe . . 
  if nz jumped over a cliff would you do it too ? 
  what about [ disappointment loop ] ( https://www.google.com.au/maps/place/disappointment+loop/@-26.65,113.664478,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x2bde26d55e37738f:0x6ece9a53a6eb1a25!8m2!3d-26.65!4d113.6666667 ) and [ disappoinment reach ] ( http://travelingluck.com/oceania/australia/western+australia/_2072761_disappointment+reach.html ) in shark bay , western australia ? 
  they are n't actually as disappointing as one might expect from the names - i think it comes down to the [ expectations of denham , the british explorer who named them ] ( http://www.sharkbay.org.au/history-of-shark-bay/maritime_exploration-.aspx ) :, 
   the town of denham is named in honour of captain henry mangles denham who spent three months charting shark bay in 1858 . 
  denham 's hydrographical survey was conducted partly in an effort to find alternative locations for convict settlements and was the longest running survey ever commissioned by the royal navy . 
  the project ran from 1852 to 1861 and produced charts so accurate they were still being used in the 1960s . 
   he managed to navigate the shallow waters of both the eastern and western gulfs and named several islands including pelican , smith , wilds and egg islands . 
  salutation island was so named after a friendly encounter with aboriginal people who were invited on board the herald and given gifts . 
  but the names hopeless reach , disappointment loop and disappointment reach suggest denham 's work was also full of frustrations . 
  they are great if you want to go fishing , see pristine marine environments and rugged coastlines , or visit the dolphins are nearby monkey mia . . 
  dude , he was named `` best treasurer '' by * one * magazine . 
  it 's scarcely a nobel prize for economics ; it also scarcely means that `` everyone '' agrees . 
  [ in fact , the australian treasury do n't even agree ] ( http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/treasury/labor-spending-was-a-blow-to-economy-after-gfc-says-report/news-story/cf643cb89beac83cbdec6f27338556a7 ) :, 
   a damning treasury-commissioned independent review of the former labor government 's unprecedented spending response to the global financial crisis has found it was a `` misconceived '' waste of money , fundamentally weakened australia 's economy , almost destroyed parts of the manufacturing sector and inflicted more long-term harm than good . 
  [ according to the abs ] ( http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/lookup/1301.0chapter27092009%e2%80%9310 ) , it was rba actions and the lack of australian banks ' exposure to toxic debt from us housing markets that in combination got us through :, 
   the australian dollar also depreciated rapidly and sizeably as the crisis intensified , declining by over 30 per cent from its july 2008 peak . 
  around the time of the lehman bankruptcy , conditions in the foreign exchange market were particularly illiquid , *** prompting the reserve bank of australia ( rba ) to intervene in the market to enhance liquidity *** . 
  since march 2009 , as fears abated , the australian dollar largely recovered , reflecting the relative strength of the australian economy . 
   the credit and money markets in australia have also proven to be more resilient than in many other countries , necessitating considerably less intervention by the rba than occurred in many other countries . 
  in large part this reflected the health of the australian banking system . 
  the australian banks had almost no holdings of the `` toxic '' securities that severely affected other global banks . 
  the health of the australian banking system facilitated the effectiveness of the monetary and fiscal response , *** particularly by allowing much of the large easing in monetary policy to be passed through to interest rates on loans to households and businesses , in stark contrast to the outcome in other developed economies . 
  in case you are n't aware , the rba is responsible for monetary policy . 
  this is hardly :, 
   seemingly everyone without a strong bias toward one or the other popular political ideology is in agreement that the accolade was warranted, 
  is it ? 
  so before you start writing your borderline r/iamverysmart-worthy responses , perhaps have a read of sources other than this sub 's endless circlejerking , mate . . 
  shark bay is pretty cool , albeit very remote and quite barren on land . 
  there are * heaps * of sharks there too , if you find them interesting . 
  it 's also ( relatively ) close to ningaloo reef , which is spectacular . 
  tbh , idk quite what he 's even trying to express there ... 
  this is not . net core specifically , but i have found this blog very useful in implementing oauth jwts ( json web tokens ) with . net web api projects : http://bitoftech.net/2015/01/21/asp-net-identity-2-with-asp-net-web-api-2-accounts-management/, 
  in order to understand tokens better i think this blog provides a great starting point ( in this set of posts , and others ) , and i believe the guy has also written articles based around core implementations . 
  they sound like they lived up to their name :, 
   called into action against the germans during the kerensky offensive , they were assigned to the 525th kiuruk-darinski regiment and occupied a trench near smorgon . 
  *** ordered to go over the top , the soldiers of the war weary men 's battalions hesitated . 
  the women , however , decided to go with or without them . 
  eventually they pushed past three trenches into german territory ***,
