  even if your details have been compromised , having changed your card number and passwords you have taken the right steps . 
  the worst scenario ( though unlikely as changing your card number worked if i read you correctly ) is that your card was skimmed . 
  that can be a much more serious issue as sometimes your account 's sort code as well as its number and other information stored on the card is also compromised . 
  however , as i said , that is most probably * not * what has happened . 
  so is it just the germans and vipers now , in terms of aircraft based there ? 
  band of brothers . 
  i read about that . 
  do you still see any phantoms flying around ? 
  i bet you 're going to miss the f-4s . 
  they 're such classic aircraft , it 's a shame they 're finally gone from usaf use entirely . 
  yeah , `` bad '' could mean any numbers of things , each with very different implications . 
  if you have physical symptoms that are severe or even life-threatening then obviously every piece of advice given will be to tell the doctor . 
  if bad is a self-judgement in a moral sense , then maybe you are being overly concerned about what is considered bad ? 
  those are kind of the extremes , but there 's a myriad of possibilities in between . 
  if it 's anything that puts the health and wellbeing , physical or mental , of you or anyone else at risk you have to tell the doctor . 
  ( i will say though op , if you are not well and wish to get better the best way is generally to accept you need to get well , and that overrides most other concerns . 
  lying to doctors is mostly a self-defeating exercise , and the `` mostly '' is only there because i can think of scenarios where external factors are equally significant as the conversation with the doctor in and of itself . ), 
  people in our largely atheistic , or at least agnostic , times tend to forget how greatly catholics were reviled throughout the anglophone world . 
  a lot of protestant cultures were very actively anti-catholic , and indeed traces of such attitudes definitely still hang on to this day . 
  the intellectuality of this type of presidential debate is very exciting ; great leaders , with great minds battling it out to convince the public they are fit to steer the nation , using all the best words . 
  stimulating for one 's own mind . 
  what a nation !, 
  with all the drug dealers being killed , are you worried it might be difficult to score there at the moment ? 
  is that the one with the stolen mirage 2000 ? 
  [ here 's an mrh90 on an lhd ( hmas canberra ) ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqy9ohnem8uzcxcia46cmeptm_h918g-vmpjladlcpjiz5ewkazmw5frudv ), 
  yeah , same here . 
  i got in an argument via pm with some outraged anmerican who said this sub is a brigade because he said this sub was a brigade and i did n't realise it actually happened . 
  * sometimes * i check the context , but never once have i voted , let alone commented , no matter how tempting either option was . 
  i do n't see the point , who cares about the karma anyway ? 
  more karma does n't magically turn bullshit into truth or vice versa , and the attitude it does simply baffles me ... 
  they 're just stupid internet points , leave it alone is what i think . 
  ( ok , i also got into the pm argument because it was fun , but that was between mutually consenting adults so no harm done ... ), 
  it is a bit cheesy , but does have * great * visuals . 
  a metaphor for france itself . 
  ( i just mean you guys have a lot of cheeses , a lot of great cheeses i like a lot - le coutances , pont l'\u00c9v\u00eaque , buche d'affinois springing immediately to mind ! ), 
  there has never been a catholic prime minister in the uk and catholics tend ( though this may have changed since the incidents i am thinking of which related to catholic family friends when i lived there ) to hit a glass ceiling in institutions such as the military too . 
  the australian establishment has always been a bit anti-catholic too , though again that 's changed a bit recently . 
  as well as the ethnic aspect of anti-catholic sentiment ( mentioned further down ) in both countries , there is also a strong social class factor too . 
  it is definitely fading here though , as society becomes less hung up on religion , ethnicity and class all at once , leaving anti-catholic prejudice kind of adrift in a sea of pointlessness . 
  can you give an example , or elaborate a little please ? 
  this could mean any number of things , some of which are entirely situational , while others might place you on the psychopath spectrum and i can easily imagine a few that might even slide you right along to the `` full blown , bed wetting , animal torturing , fire starting psycho '' end of that spectrum ... 
  those are pretty complex questions with no clear cut answer . 
  normally if i 'm asked those things it 's in a softer , polite and friendly enquiry type manner , to which i am able to give an offhand reply without even considering whether it 's true or not because the question is not intended to elicit a deep response . . 
  if i was asked seriously i am not sure i would be able to answer with any more certitude than you . 
  at times i feel all those things , whereas most of the time i 'm not necessarily aware of whether i 'm feeling anything especially . 
  i 'm not the most immediately open person myself , but i do n't think you sound abnormal whatsoever , wrt that example at least . 
  kids do n't have hair there anyway . 
  must be how pakistan defeats them so often . 
  your pants seem to be on fire there mate . 
  [ this ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcq-xvhvp2ildgm_gp9wgvzd1de851o9bf8cu2ej-tnmm_4kjlobsixjfukq ) is the classic jane fonda picture ... 
  that smg was often known as the swedish k , and was much beloved of sof in the vietnam war . 
  [ sweden refused to provide weapons for the war ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/carl_gustav_m/45#use_by_the_united_states_in_southeast_asia ) so s&w ended up making them , though by the time they actually reached production the war had wound down and other weapons had taken their place anyway . 
  there were qf-4 phantoms and qf-106 delta darts before , all of which are surplus older aircraft converted into optionally manned target drones . 
  now they use f-16s . 
  do n't be a fuckhead , the native americans are saying they 're * not * the scientists and are quite evidently * not * trying to make a scientific argument in that quote ... 
  i was thinking an ambassador , but you seem to have nailed it to a specific ambassador . 
  they certainly look very similar in the two paintings ( beyond `` generic me male '' ) , and reading the link you provided he 's the obvious candidate . 
  [ knowledge and belief are not the same thing ] ( http://philosophy.stackexchange.com/questions/1295/what-is-the-difference-between-knowledge-and-belief ) . 
  yes , but that is n't the point . 
  tribal belief systems exist outside of science , and possess a cultural value seperate from any scientific inexactitudes . 
  he 's not making a scientific argumen , as i said before . 
  what about respecting people 's cultural values ? 
  how does his belief his ancestors did n't cross the bering land bridge hurt * anyone * , let alone you ? 
  cultural imperialism is an ugly thing . 
  could you tell me where i might find * your * grandparents ' corpses then please ? 
  i have some , ahem , `` experiments '' i need to carry out on them ... 
  i want to establish if being asinine is genetic , you know ? 
  i love that expression . 
  australia is equal third largest c-17a operator , with 8 in service . 
  these things get around - as well as raaf examples in australia ( home ) , i have seen usaf examples in sarajevo and nz 's south island this year alone , both times when i was there briefly on holiday . 
  anywhere anyone needs to be supported from the militaries that operate them , a c-17 will be accompanying them . 
  well , it 's only a short step from what you said ... 
  but i already said the scientific purpose behind what i want to do to your grandma . 
  or are you now deciding what science is acceptable as well as which beliefs are ? 
  i hope it 's not looking like that thanks to some kind * dorian grey * type deal with the son . 
  if it is , that boy has been partying * waaaaay * too hard . 
  [ now more than 1/2 the male population have been convicted of child abuse ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/tiny-pacific-island-facing-child-sex-scandal ) . 
  that 's just bullshit semantics though , so there is that . 
  those pitcairn islanders are so slippery , that 's the problem . 
  trying to round them up to count is like herding cats , or so i hear !, 
  yeah , it would n't make much difference though really given you 're stuck on a speck in the middle of the pacific ocean though anyway , imo at least . . 
  semantics vs bullshit semantics ... 
  damn , that 's dark . 
  you 're a bit uptight mate . 
  what i meant should be pretty obvious , at least to anyone who is n't just trying to argue from some kind of ideological-stick-up-their-arse type position . 
  the op of this subthread was trying to judge the na beliefs by modern scientific standards , which is clearly not the right framework to view them through . 
  it 's not bad science because it 's not science . 
  you are just trying to support his bullshit , though fuck knows what yout reason might possibly be ... 
  it is perfectly possible for us to accept these guys may hold their beliefs * and * that our scientific knowledge is what is factually accurate . 
  they are different things and one does not affect the other . 
  that they * are n't * science is my whole point ... 
  i think he used the exact terms he intended to , you are not parsing what i wrote correctly . 
  he used `` know '' once and `` believe '' once . 
  he used `` know '' in a sentence with `` the beginning of time '' , which is a very abstract concept - especially in this context . 
  he used `` believe '' in conjunction when discussing what scientists think . 
  what he is talking about are his people 's cultural beliefs - beliefs they are perfectly entitled to hold . 
  he 's not trying to force them on you or anyone else , is he ? 
  why does he * have * to abandon his culture , just `` coz science '' ? 
  just because you and i * know * something else to be true does n't not invalidate his right to believe what he wants , especially as it 's not like he 's fucking up an entire educational system over it ( as per seppo creationists in us schools ) . 
  him talking about his cultural beliefs in not `` bad science '' .
