  for a start , why invoke the holocaust ? 
  what is happening today in the west bank is not related to the events of the holocaust 70 years ago . 
  the one relevant aspect of the holocaust to the present days is that the fact your people suffered such repression makes your utter lack of empathy for the palestinians even more astounding and quite chilling , especially when coupled with your utterly shameless reshaping of history to suit your agenda . 
  the fact is that the occupation followed on from israel 's war of aggression in '67 when the occupied territories were taken from egypt and jordan following an unprovoked attack by the idf . 
  yes , we all know the * fairy story * about how egypt had mobilised and blocked the straights of tiran , but we also know that the egyptian demobilisation was well underway when the idf began its assault and that the [ un 's military advisor to the secretary general considered ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straits_of_tiran ) :, 
   the accusation of a blockade was `` questionable '' , pointing out that an israeli-flagged ship had not passed through the straits in two years , and that `` the u.a.r. 
  [ egyptian ] navy had searched a couple of ships after the establishment of the blockade and thereafter relaxed its implementation, 
  in no way did palestinian terrorism cause the occupation , it is a ridiculous assertion . 
   geneva iv does not sanction `` resistance to occupation '' when the aggressor is the one claiming the right to `` resist '' . 
  palestinians started the war before israel occupied anyone , and geneva iv does not protect their right to continue the aggression . 
  none of israel 's wars have been started by the palestinians , so again this paragraph makes no sense whatsoever . 
  the aggressor in '67 when the occupation began was solely israel as detailed above . 
  colonisation as is being carried out by the settlers/settlements is in and of itself an act of aggression . 
  yet again your absolute refusal to acknowledge the facts , historical and ongoing , of the situation , let alone accept that israel bears any responsibility for its own actions renders your comment nonsensical . 
  based on such comments it is very hard not to suspect that your innate bigotry and ideology of hatred has completely obscured your capacity for reason and left you utterly without a moral compass . 
  yeah , it 's funny how whenever world opinion is compared israel stands alone with a self-serving interpretation that is only tenuously linked to the facts . 
  in 1967 [ both the us and the ussr tried to avert israel 's aggression by providing intelligence that proved egypt had no plans to attack israel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origins_of_the_six-day_war#retrospective ) . 
  of course we know what israel 's response was to the us 's efforts to stop the war - [ the iaf shot up a us navy ship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_liberty_incident ) !, 
   building homes is not an act of aggression, 
  it is when you seize the land that they are built on , annex it as part of your country and then bully and oppress the native , indigenous population who were supplanted so the homes could be built !, 
  obviously in ten minutes of film a great deal of history has to be covered fairly briefly , but the basics are there and the story told in a reasonably balanced way , so despite israel escaping scrutiny for a great deal of its most egregious behaviour enough of the truth of the conflict is told to make the film worth watching . 
  please do n't take this the wrong way because i really am asking , not making fun , but i thought trump was popular in israel ? 
  his friendship and mutual respect with netanyahu is fairly well publicised , so is he not viewed as a strongly pro-israel candidate ? 
  niall ferguson 's excellent `` the war of the world : twentieth-century conflict and the descent of the west '' book and tv series explores this idea , discussing the events of the 20th century - ie wwi , wwii and cold war - as a single , extended conflict . 
  so what were the mass executions in ukraine , belorussia and russia of eastern jews about , carried out as they were by specially organised einsatzgruppen who shot thousands of people in the back of the head as they stood so they 'd fall into mass graves ? 
  anyone who is capable of writing such garbage will never change his tune , but that does n't mean it 's not worth challenging . 
  actually arguing with them about it in an extended manner would be a definite waste of time though : never argue with an idiot because they 'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience , as the saying goes ... 
  and yet that 's exactly what israel did , to the best of their ability , in '48 and carry on doing in the wb as the illegal settlements push the native population off their land . 
  it is outrageous and yet israel 's attitude is that they 've done nothing wrong . 
  disgusting , is n't it ? 
   does a 70 year old territorial dispute justify prohibiting people of specific ethnic background from building homes ? 
  unfortunately yes , whilst the conflict is allowed to fester . 
  i presume you are referring to the illegal colonist settlers in the wb , not palestinians being allowed to return to the villages they were expelled from in '48 seeing as no israeli seems to even consider that aspect to the matter ? 
  if the statehood question was settled it is my personal belief that jews should be allowed to live in the wb , but as palestinian citizens , not israelis . 
  the problem is presently that by purchasing land and building on it the de facto outcome is the annexation of that land by israel . 
  where else does simply purchasing land mean that the land 's sovereignty suddenly transfers to the purchaser 's nation ? 
  eg if i , as an australian , buy a plot of land in nz the land is owned by me , but does not become part of australia . 
  if i live on the land i am subject to nz law , not australian . 
  this is all as it should be . 
  in the wb , however , once an israeli builds on a plot that land is effectively absorbed into israel . 
  the purchaser lives within a colony of israeli citizens , under israeli law and will never even countenance the thought that the piece of ( admittedly currently de facto `` disputed '' , but undeniably de jure palestinian under international law ) land should not be part of israel when the final carve up is agreed upon . 
  by building new and expanding existing settlements the israeli government is attempting to swallow the wb by inches and change its demographic constitution such that the zionist dream of eretz israel is achieved . 
  ( achieved in a very underhand manner i might add . ), 
  if these settlers are willing to surrender their israeli citizenship once a palestinian state is functioning adequately to a ) manage citizenship issues such as naturalisation processes and the issuing of passports & b ) protect the physical safety of its jewish citizens and their property then they should be allowed to do should they so wish . 
  otherwise they may leave palestine and return to israel . 
  the primary issue is the creation of a functional palestinian state , with this principle enshrined in its constitution . 
  however , to allow the creation of these conditions israel needs to be encouraged to allow the status quo - which satisfies their strategic goals at some cost in terms of suffering by both israeli and palestinian civilians - to be changed and a palestinian state created . 
  that is why france 's move and the other diplomatic moves made recently are so positive . 
  already this year the eu have declared agreements with israel only valid within the '67 borders , the usa are demanding goods from illegal settlements be marked as such if exported to the us ( matching eu law ) , the us ambassador has spoken out against israeli intransigence , pressure has been exerted by the un general secretary as well as other european politicians and now france has made this move : despite netanyahu 's disdain for international law and opinion the pressure is starting to mount . 
  the first step needs to be a moratorium on israelis moving into the occupied territories . 
  the palestinians need to reciprocate by stopping terrorist attack on innocent israeli civilians ( although resistance against the idf is legal under geneva iv and should not be used as an excuse to walk out from talks by the israelis otherwise the idf will simply be let loose to drive the palestinians from the table ! ) . 
  a body needs to be established to adjudicate the discussion and the talks allowed to commence . 
  both sides will need to make concessions - including some they have been unwilling to accept - or the penalties mooted by france applied , at a minimum . 
  i know this rather glibly glosses over the myriad of issues faced ( including - very significantly - whom to negotiate with from the palestinian side ) , but i 'm not trying to write a paper that covers every aspect of the situation , i 'm just replying to your comment ... 
  tl ; dr building homes is n't the problem per se and imo jews should be allowed to live in the wb , but as palestinian citizens following the establishment of a functioning palestinian state . 
  this seems to me , as an admitted outsider , to be a grievous blow to the `` soul '' ( for want of a better word ) of israeli society . 
  the noble haredim represent much that is pure and good about israel . 
  they seek not conquest or riches , but simply to live as judaic law prescribes . 
  now modern zionism is coopting them into the secular world they would prefer to live apart from ; a particularly insidious form of anti-semitism that speaks volumes about the morals of the modern israeli state . 
  it seems israel is not for * all * jews , only those willing to work for a zionist agenda even if they do not agree with it . 
  one group in israel i respect greatly , for their moral courage and principles if not all of their actions , are the [ sikirim ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sikrikim ) - the modern day sicarii ( the sicarii of course being the very stabby rabbis to whom my username refers ... ) . 
  i honestly hope and pray that they and others such as the [ neturei karta ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/neturei_karta ) are allowed to live by their beliefs and morals rather than being forced to participate in the modern , secular zionist regime . 
  edit : spelling, 
  what a fucker . 
  that poor kid : the photo of her is heartbreaking knowing both what she had survived and then that that pos brought about her death . 
  all international bodies view the negotiations as being centred on restoring the '67 borders , possibly with some land trades for certain settlements . 
  the outcome in terms of area * is * largely a foregone conclusion . 
  it 's somewhat disconcerting to read that the israeli perspective includes the belief that * more * land , not already `` settled '' might be gained by israel - that is not a view i have encountered previously and was not one i actually believed anybody held . 
  israel 's gains will doubtless include some of the colonised settlement land , but have more to do with security , ( hopefully ) jews gaining the possibility of palestinian citizenship if they want to live in the wb , stabilisation and normalisation of relations between israel and palestine/the world community and - most significantly - peace . 
  you forgot to use the throwaway !, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  they all look like they 're having fun what 's more , not feeling the least bit awkward . 
  this is why apps such as fleecer are now necessary - it 's much harder to meet a nice sheep who 's into interspecies lovin ' than it used to be ... 
  except that election was years ago and they have refused to hold any more elections since ... 
  it 's sickening reading the israelis gloating itt . 
  israel created this entire situation and drags it out because it suits their strategic goals . 
  all the bullshit about `` it 's because they hate jews '' is frustrating too . 
  the last foreign state that imposed itself upon this region - the christian , european crusaders - was also resisted continuously ( and eventually kicked out i may add ) . 
  yes , they hate jews , but primarily because it is jews who have destroyed their families , homes and livelihoods . 
  if it was eskimos who had carved a made up country out of palestine then the palestinians would hate eskimos ... 
  if there 's one thing netanyahu 's not it 's `` fairly liberal '' . 
  in any country other than israel and * perhaps * america he would be - and in fact is - be considered a hard right , extreme nationalist thug more than any kind of liberal . 
  on another note , i thought israel was a bastion of women 's rights ? 
  yet in the article it literally says :, 
   this decision opens the floodgates for women 's rights in the public sphere in israel, 
  if the floodgates need to be opened then how is israel the paragon of feminist virtue we have been led to believe in ? 
  never , * or at least not until the conflict between palestinians and israelis has been calmed down enough to build trust between the communities * . 
  it is a now a significant muslim holy site ~ ~ , not a jewish one ~ ~ . 
  there is in fact ~ ~ no ~ ~ some , albeit non-conclusive , evidence for any jewish * temple * being there ever except herod 's - the half-jewish roman puppet - though many different indicators for jewish religious activity exist . 
  solomon 's temple * per se * is purely mythical . 
  no evidence for the existence of either solomon or david has ever been found . 
  if they did n't exist how could their temple ? 
  do n't you feel remotely uncomfortable rubbing your hands in glee at the thought of the indiscriminate slaughter of civilians packed into the most densely populated area on earth as netanyahu just promised ? 
  you think that is `` nice '' , yet in another active thread expect the world to cry over the deaths of three idf soldiers in the wb ? 
  the falklands were british before argentina even existed as a country . 
  argentina 's claim is based purely on proximity and seems to largely be a political tool for distracting the populace when the argentine government is facing other , genuine issues . 
  hence the criticism israel receives for its behaviour in the wb ... 
  i sincerely hope that hamas do not attack israel for the sake of civilians on both sides . 
  unfortunately hamas do not share such concerns , being the bastards they are . 
  hopefully netanyahu 's comments do n't act as a red rag to a bull , especially since hamas just made their `` no to french peace talks statement '' and are presumably even less rational than usual at the moment !,
