  i was n't sure , but thought that they had removed the wiring because of treaties . 
  as , however , it was entirely possible that i was wrong i just googled that specifically and found wikipedia [ has the following to say on the matter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rockwell_b-1_lancer#strategic_air_command ) :, 
   the b-1b no longer carries nuclear weapons ; [ 36 ] its nuclear capability was disabled by 1995 with the removal of nuclear arming and fuzing hardware . 
  [ this document ] ( https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/nuke/r41219.pdf ) confirms that the change in role was due to start commitments , but is worded such that it was n't entirely clear to me whether ( admittedly after a pretty superficial skim reading ... ) or not the b-1 fleet has been physically converted yet or not . 
  this particular incident does n't seem to have had anything to do with the conservative party ; livingstone was suspended by virtue of a labour party internal motion after all . 
  of course other political parties will capitalise on their opposition 's mistakes , but i fail to see how this began as part of some campaign by the tories to besmirch labour . 
  livingstone 's statement may be interpreted as bigotry , insensitivity or ignorance , but the call by mp naz shah to remove all jews from israel ? 
  to my mind that is a clear case of bigotry - a perfect example of modern `` anti-zionism '' that is actually barely veiled anti-semitism . 
  i regularly criticise israeli policies and actions in this sub , but support israel 's right to exist and empathise with the zionist desire for self-determination . 
  to my ( non-jewish ) mind criticism of israel 's government , military , settlements and etc is legitimate criticism , whereas advocating the wholesale dismantling of israel simply is not . 
  i do n't think anything should be `` done to him '' . 
  labour took a decision within their own membership to suspend him , that seems perfectly adequate to me as well as being a very predictable outcome . 
  imo he 's made his bed ; let him lie in it . 
  i 'm politically more centre-right than militant , trade union supporting left as labour are and now live in australia so i do n't really care about whatever hatchet job is done on corbyn and his gang of merry fools . 
  you 're entitled to your opinions , but those are mine and i am equally entitled to hold them too . 
  saying `` hitler was a zionist '' is just taking the piss , however he `` meant '' it . 
  of course it 's bigoted - it 's not even a criticism of israel , legitimate or otherwise - it 's simply a pointlessly offensive statement . 
  if you do n't understand why already then my trying to beat you over the head with reasons wo n't do any good anyway so , again , you just think whatever you like . 
  the same goes for shah 's cartoon/facebook post and whatever else . 
  there are many other users who can enlighten you about the subtleties of why anti-zionism ( as opposed to taking issue with specific incidents , policies and etc enacted by the israeli regime ) is anti-semitism . 
  i suggest you ask u/tayaravaknin if you are genuinely interested in a comprehensive response . 
  i hope you do n't need to have exactly why anti-semitism is bigotry explained to you as well , but in case you do he 's your man for that too . 
  tbh i do n't see any `` problem '' with my views as expressed itt . 
  i * do n't * care about the uk labour party , but then i 'm in no way obliged to . 
  in fact , why * would * i ? 
  what i * do * care about is bigotry and oppression , finding it offensive in and of itself , but i get the feeling you 're riding a completely different hobby horse here . 
  ultimately i do n't have to justify my opinions to you . 
  as i have said many times now , you are perfectly free to disagree with me and i am 100 % ok with that . 
  others can read what we 've both written and ( hopefully ) make their own minds up , which is the main reason i comment . 
  they 're all pronounced distinctly differently in australia . 
  how about [ vajazzle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vajazzle ) ? 
  all over the place in perth . 
  my local is awesome and is completely old school - fish species and chiko roll posters , original formica counters with lots of white tiles behind them , pile of women 's day or fishing magazines next to the bench to read while you wait and a coke fridge against the back wall . 
  beautiful fish , good portions and always cooked in fresh oil . 
  really good . 
  there 's loads of other good places near by as well . 
  we 're quite spoiled . 
  yep , my local is run by greeks and is excellent . 
  i noticed that . 
  it made me think the artisan responsible should have left the whole head on with its little teeth ferociously bared !, 
  and blacks . 
  oh and asians , but i think that 's it except of course for arabs , indians , russians from non-european russia , native americans , australian aboriginals and pacific islanders . 
  did i mention blacks and arabs ? 
   - moon motherfuckers, 
   - gun ownership, 
   - most black presidents of any developed country because europe is racist, 
  no , no - it looks like * vermeer 's * `` water lily pond '' . 
  is n't `` too urban '' just a euphemism for black anyway , meaning that the complaint is really that he 's black and he 's black ? 
  and unfortunately any idiot who denies the holocaust has just got their head up their own arse too far to give credence to * any * evidence anyway . 
  hardcore not believing in the holocaust has to be deliberately chosen wilful ignorance - there is such a massive weight of evidence extant already that if they can brush all of it off as being the product of a conspiracy they would simply dismiss the good ol' boys out of hand as paid shills or something along those lines . 
  it would probably help a genuinely ignorant and credulous , somewhat prone to mild bigotry without being an out and out , open racist type person who might otherwise be susceptible to `` keeping their minds open about what happened '' though ... 
  is that some kind of air breathing cruise missile on the centre station ? 
  they seem to be very capable aircraft , their ew capabilities must be impressive given russian technological strengths and just how many antennae , bumps and bulges they sport . 
  when russia has fully developed its targeting pods they will be even more capable , at least the equal of any aircraft in their class i 'm quite sure . 
  russian electronic equipment such as radar and radio jammers is very powerful and more advanced than nato equivalents in many cases . 
  he wrote it in new zealand english . 
  if you think * this * hard to understand then wait till you hear them talk !, 
  completely unintelligible . 
  try not to poop in your bed . 
   how about providing the thousands of clips of hamas and fatah members saying anti-semitic garbage and vowing to destroy israel ? 
   you symbolize the typical anti-semitic and anti-israeli `` activist '' : you have zero capacity for critical thinking , and complete tunnel-vision . 
  hang on , you did n't ask him to prove the palestinians resent their oppressors , merely that palestinians get oppressed by israelis due to racism , something he did more than adequately . 
  we all know how frustrated and angry the palestinians are , nobody denies it . 
  the irony of your claiming he has tunnel vision really is too much when you 're so blinkered you expect * everyone * to swallow the same bullshit , israel can do no wrong narrative you have quite clearly digested whole and then accuse him of anti-semitism because he does n't . 
  no , * you 're * welcome . 
  that 's a strawman . 
  sorry , but try as i might , i just can not parse your comment !, 
  could you rewrite it using only standard english vocabulary and grammar please ? 
  because the issue is n't enforcing laws . 
  in fact , when was enforcing laws even mentioned ? 
  so you just make up this strawman argument that he/i consider that israelis enforcing laws are being racist , when that was never an issue . 
  enforcing laws is completely different from breaking them . 
  to take the most topical instance of a right-wing , religious nationalist , israeli oppressing a palestinian - by executing him in cold blood no less - let 's consider the first link op supplied - the brutal idf medic murdering the palestinian man recently . 
  that and other , similar , incidents are what op was discussing . 
  or the horrific statements made by naftali bennett and ayelet shaked of the jewish home . 
  what do the policies of those ultra-right-wing psychos have to do with law enforcement ? 
  edit : grammar . 
  it 's also four events spread over roughly 1,200 years ... 
  hardly the same oppression density as modern israel achieves . 
  they fucking well do not talk like aussies , and your suggestion they do is * highly * offensive . 
  where are you * from * if you honestly think aussies , poms , kiwis and seppoes all sound the same ? 
  if you went there as a tourist you may perhaps only have been exposed to kiwis trained to be intelligible to standard english speakers . 
  i imagine you must have just stayed in your tour group , only going to tourist places ? 
  it indicates nothing of the sort . 
  it 's legal semantics and a game played usually to ensure a successful conviction at the cost of permitting a reduced sentence . 
  anyway , if that is your best defensive point , or rather the best you can do trying to pick apart what i 'm saying , then you should just give up now . 
  it 's pure distraction by semantics to draw attention away from what we were originally discussing : whether claiming op 's argument was that law enforcement is racism was a strawman argument . 
  you said it was n't , i showed it was . 
  whether the murderer was * charged * with murder or manslaughter is another issue entirely - whatever those semantics are the killing was a criminal , extra-judicial execution by a man associated with the highly racist religious nationalist element of israeli society . 
  if you want to dispute any of that then go for it . 
  obviously you 're not the listening sort , but others can read what we 've both written and decide what they think is right based on the merits of our arguments whenever you 're done . 
  ah , ok so tourist activities then . 
  yeah i 've been more to the south island , but twice to the north too and have met a * lot * of kiwis living in australia ( there 's a massive kiwi infestation problem over here ) . 
  of course , yes , the basis for the language is the same , but some of them have pretty broad accents that can make it very difficult to understand what they 're trying to say when they talk . 
  it is all english though so if you carry a notebook and a pen you can usually establish communications . 
  if you can read their handwriting of course ... 
  edit : it 's like trying to communicate with seppoes through that `` american patois '' they speak . 
  their accents are easier to deal with than kiwis , but as far as the actual words they use ? 
  a lot of it 's fucking gibberish !, 
  you can still figure it out because , ultimately , it 's the queen 's english underneath though .
