  i commented ( paraphrasing ) not if labor continues to oppose policies for the sake of opposition , as often seems the case seeing as no matter what the government does the opposition is up on its hind legs on tv that night saying it 's wrong - this is not unique to alp in opposition , but is a fault of both parties and seems to becoming more entrenched , despite being a relatively new phenomenon at least in the extent and reflexiveness with which it occurs . . 
  if the government 's new signature policies are as suggested in the article and labor does block them then that will be blocking supply . 
  so yeah , right now the libs have n't delivered any great policies , but let 's not deny them the chance . 
  surely good policy can come from either party , exactly as shitty politicking comes from both ? 
  oh shit , sorry - you guys prefer the term `` banana bender '' , do n't you ? 
  no offence intended . 
  i guess whether it would be blocking supply or not depends on the details we are yet to learn , but certainly i also agree with your conclusion and hope that they do actually have some kind of constructive and unifying plan in hand . 
  i do n't really like either party , but will support whichever tries to move us forward as a nation . 
  if both do so together then i would suspend my dislike of both from relief they were governing rather than playing politics . . 
  i think perhaps you are suffering from confirmation bias to an extent , although not entirely . 
  i do think the virulent nationalism many indian redditors express is a contributing factor to the negativity you notice , as a reaction . 
  indians are like anyone else - a group of individuals , some nice and some awful . 
  on holiday one does n't really need to know the shops beyond basics ( eg countdown is where to buy food ) ; living here i can see why you would like to know though . . 
  good point , it would probably look quite cute . . 
  look at his username - notice the ' 88 ' ? 
  i love reading these things , i find them fascinating . 
  what do * you * mean mate ? 
  taken from the palatine hill . . 
  wtf did we do ? 
  i do n't want to see whiteanting of the social system either ( as per your example ) , and agree bundling necessary measures with ideologically driven policy is not on . 
  it 's hard to know exactly what either party 's real principles , let alone ideals , are at this point after all the bullshit from both , both about themselves and the other compounded by the opposition for the sake of it seen over the past decade or so in particular ( hence my - and everyone else 's - cynicism ) . 
  honestly , as i have said elsewhere in this thread , i do n't particularly like either , but will support either assuming they are willing to forego short-term politics for national benefit . 
  edit : which is not to say we could n't find things to disagree about , nor that i am ambivalent about direction or policy . . 
  these aspirational stories are really inspiring !, 
  i so know what i want to be when i grow up now . 
  you get poor bogs too ; bogan is not just what you buy , or an aesthetic choice , but rather a way of life . . 
  well said mate . 
  * hessian . 
  you 'd certainly fail the english test . . 
   this should n't present a problem to the average kiwi who is fluent in english, 
  they 'll be fucked if it has a spoken component , i have yet to meet one i can understand 100 % of the time . 
   soon contiki wo n't even take me, 
  i think that 's actually a plus . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine any worse way of seeing europe than hungover on a bus full of pissed-up bogans and other assorted aussies . 
  if i want to get drunk with my compatriots the pub is significantly more convenient . 
  it does n't take very much initiative to travel independently , and i would strongly recommend taking matters into one 's own hands . 
  specifically `` beefsteak '' ( there are many types of heirlooms ) . 
  my noisy colleagues who chew with their mouths open and sniffle throughout the day . 
  there are a pair that sit close to me , and even if one is being quiet the other is doing one or both of the above . 
  this is a *** serious issue *** , so yes , fair work nsw * should * get involved . 
  probably the united nations too !, 
  that 's the theory ; however , the loan companies are entirely cognisant most people ca n't ( or lack the self-discipline ) to pay such loans as these off immediately , but will pay them off over time despite the usurious interest rates . 
  as the loan companies also know , the people who take such loans are those least likely to be able to afford to pay them , which is why i hate these predatory fuckers . 
  i have never had call to even consider such a loan myself , but nonetheless have a profound dislike for the payday loan business , which i consider deeply unpleasant due to its business model of preying on society 's most vulnerable and least able to cope with financial stress . 
  despite not having had to go to the length of taking out a payday loan , i have been skint at times - as i am sure we all have - and can empathise strongly with those whose circumstances ( including probably a combination of inadequate financial literacy and a lacklustre support network - in financial terms at least - on top of whatever budget crisis pushed them over the edge into needing the loan ) were just that bit worse . 
  i was once offered a job as solution architect for a company like this ( albeit focussed on small businesses ) which i also did n't consider for a second , but if i could i would actively do more to disrupt their activities - eg , were the lender in the article a charity then i would support the charity . 
  ( that there are not is better in some regards though . ), 
   do n't blame the migrants - it 's all the aussies ' fault , bloody aussies . . 
  that is how your comment reads . 
  i am not sure you are a good cultural fit . 
  honestly , it sounds as though you are not happy here and are not gaining as much from doing so as you evidently feel entitled to . 
  i am very much in favour of immigration , but i am certainly not an advocate of forcing people to endure a life here they hate . 
  i have a lot of friends and colleagues who , despite being fairly recent migrants too , are not enduring anything like the terrible unfairness and impositions you describe . 
  my team at work ( i lead a software development team ) is comprised fully half of recent migrants on pr/bridging visas , who transitioned from having been university students , but they have not evinced the outrage you are here at the changes . 
  in fact , they do n't seem troubled at all by them , and what 's more they actually like living here . 
  i suppose it helps that somehow they are not living hand to mouth as you describe , with some guys living in their own houses ( often bought in their late-20s ) , and , if married , even with their wives and children who have ( somehow . . ) managed to join them !, 
  the bureaucratic administration fees , lawyers and agents * they * have to deal with in the course of managing their residency/citizenship do not seem to be the dreadfully onerous burden they are to you either . 
  they ( and together we as a team ) are all happily getting on with life , which makes me think the problem is perhaps , to a great extent at least , personal to you ? 
  maybe australia just ca n't provide you the life you are so evidently entitled to ? 
  perhaps you would be better off back home , or in the usa for example , seeing as the situation vis-a-vis immigration is - as you mention above - * so * much easier and fairer for migrants than our system here ? 
  edit : paragraph breaks , to make my english easier to cope with . 
   kiwis should definitely be given special status in australia, 
  they are mate . 
  i was writing wrt your entire post and comments here . 
  it really seems we as a nation are not giving you all you are owed as a result of your desire to live here , so all i can advise is find somewhere that will . 
   you know why those poople do not complain because they are scared the shit out of it , because of people like you who point out their finger as soon as they say anything . 
  a ) not all my colleagues are indian , so not all are `` poople '' ( which is a horrible , racist thing to say ) & b ) how dare you presume to speak for my workmates , whom you have never met , and accuse me of oppressing them ? 
  i asked one guy what he thought quite literally immediately before posting the comment above and he did n't * seem * scared of me when he replied . 
  afaik he replied honestly too ( we have been colleagues for five years and get along very well ) . 
  the real bugger is how the details of how the system work were not available for you to make an informed decision from on your son 's behalf when you decided you wanted to live here ( triggering australia 's obligations to provide you with everything you want ) . . 
  i agree though you should not be denied access to the established pathways to citizenship that define our immigration policy and which all other migrants can access . 
  no i agree - it is all australia 's fault , your expectations are entirely reasonable . 
  you did decide you want to live here , so we , of course , owe you a perfect life and it should bloody well be handed to you on a platter . 
  and of course we are also obliged to just take your criticism of us ; after all you did decide you want to live here and so we should change to accommodate you !, 
  fair 's fair mate . 
  i have read your post and comments , and understand you perfectly well ( despite the occasionally baffling idiosyncrasies of your english . . ), 
  who else was going to build it ? 
  and have you thought , we * all * build our own prisons ? 
  i get what you mean , but logically who else could have built those physical structures ? 
  they were never going to pay workers , even if they could get them . 
  the real imprisonment was by way of distance . 
  why run , only to probably die alone in the bush ? 
  i buy local whenever i possibly can as a moral choice , preferring to support local businesses even if it does cost me a bit more . 
  i do it with buying stuff from smaller retailers instead of coles ( for example ) and i do it with online shops . 
  i agree this plan is fucked , but am disappointed to see so many objections seemingly driven by outrage at any effort to encourage support of australian businesses or - god forbid - the notion of paying one cents over what people otherwise might/do now . 
   whether or not you think the trade union royal commission was politically motivated , there is no doubt it uncovered appalling corruption and poor governance . 
  the tame responses to this by the alp and the greens are lamentable . 
  never forget this though . 
  other people being corrupt does not excuse union corruption . 
  great article , this needs to be talked about more . 
  agreed ; neither is ok nor excusable and both must be addressed . 
  i would argue union corruption damages the nation overall and thus also negatively impacts us all too . 
  moral relativism is n't very useful here - i think we can agree all corruption is unacceptable . 
  of course not , but where did i say that ? 
  actually the whole thing is a plan to oppress millennials , pure and simple . . 
   since ms wenger 's facebook post on saturday , more than 100 negative reviews of the business have appeared online , including one calling for people to boycott and publicly shame the business . 
  [ jidf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_internet_defense_force ) in action . . 
  while i do n't agree with blanket condemnation of israelis for being israeli even without their being supporters of the criminal colonialist project in the west bank ( aka settlements ) , the kind of brigading propaganda mentioned above leaves a nasty taste in one 's mouth . 
  also you explicitly said service should not have been refused . . 
  is australian an ethnicity then ?
