  i love the jewish people . 
  shit i even reckon israel is ok , certainly as a concept and as far as the bulk of its population goes . 
  i just do n't see eye to eye with netanyahu ( and that 's not even about him personally - it 's right wing bullies in general ... ) and his cronies . 
  i also think the situation in palestine is messed up . 
  sure hamas has a lot to do with that , but the israeli government could do better and a lot of the settlers come across like right-wing bullies too . 
  i know the history of the region and , without supporting any terrorism or murder , can empathise with the positions of iran and hezbollah . 
  given that history . 
  ( that cuts both ways too though , which is one reason i completely understand the imperative desire behind the zionist dream that led to israel 's creation and , ergo , can support israel 's existence whilst criticising its state actions ... ), 
  finally i dislike hypocrisy and sadly see a great deal of difference between what israel says and expects from others and what israel does . 
  it 's a pretty subtle , nuanced position which i know a lot of people ca n't seem to follow . 
  i guess if i was israeli or arab or very left or right wing myself i could n't understand it either , because i can see how being any of those things would change the shades of grey i see to stark blacks and whites . 
  but i 'm none of those things and so i see lots of shades of grey . 
  does that make sense ? 
  i had to check my post to make sure it was n't me , but i did and can confirm you 've just confused yourself . 
  they wo n't admit to it , but they do . 
  you should have been able to tell i was talking about israel because of the bombing neighbours bit . 
  what other country regularly sends its warplanes into neighbouring countries with whom it is not at war to strike at targets they have unilaterally decided it 's ok for them to bomb ? 
  maybe you got all twisted up by that word `` artheid '' you put in your quote from my comment ? 
  ( hint : it 's not a word , * that 's * why you could n't understand it ... ), 
  no , you are perfectly correct about the article - i guess that makes the title clickbait though because the clear implication of the title is that he was killed in an act of terrorism . 
  many people only read the titles here you know ... 
  you mistyped the word when you misquoted me , but whatever . 
  moving on , let 's work through the rest of it , see if we can help you out here . 
  you would deny that the policies israel enforces in the west bank discriminate on the basis of racial/religious identity , leading to one set of rules for the illegal settlers and another , much harsher , for the indigenous population ? 
  so that 's apartheid . 
  ( before you try to divert the discussion or get us bogged down in semantics , i happily acknowledge that israel holds elections all its citizens may participate in freely and extends the same legal rights to all its citizens ; however , even if there is no legal apartheid within its legal borders , it still enacts apartheid policies - small ` a ' , different from those in south africa in that they 're not just based purely on race , but no different in intent - within the total area it controls ... ), 
  surely you 're not going to try to deny netanyahu 's right-wing nature ? 
  he admits it . 
  i already addressed this , but which other me state regularly sends warplanes into neighbouring countries to bomb targets they unilaterally decided are legitimate ? 
  now , taking all four clauses ( nukes , apartheid , right-wing leader , bombing neighbours - again to avoid semantics games let me define bombing as a state bombing with warplanes , not a terrorist group sending suicide bombers : remember we 're talking about * states * here please ... ) , what other state could i have been talking about ? 
  i must apologise for the tone of my previous comments ; having read the one to which i currently replying i now feel that the slightly condescending/patronising language i employed was unfair given your acknowledgement/understanding that there are subtleties and nuances involved . 
  i may not agree with your interpretations and the conclusions you draw , but i greatly appreciate and applaud the fact that we are actually engaged in a discussion instead of just parroting didactic slogans and propaganda at each other . 
  i realise that many of my own arguments in this sub are largely able to be viewed as anti-israeli , but i genuinely am not blindly anti-israeli or blindly pro-palestinian in my personal beliefs and always post comments in the hope of a true conversation about the situation rather than a slagging match , but 9/10 times i am disappointed ... 
  edit ( after accidentally pressing pressing save before i even started to address the contents of your comment ... 
  phones are n't great for trying to write as we all know !, 
  i understand the massive demographic and political barriers to extending israeli citizenship to all arab muslim/christian palestinian residents in the occupied territories : there 's no silver bullet there ; however , it must be acknowledged that * any * jewish persons can gain israeli citizenship whereas jews/christians/druze / etc. . . may not do so . 
  ignoring the contentious definitions of whether the territory is illegally occupied or disputed for now the de facto effect is thus discrimination based on religion and ethnicity within the occupied territories despite the de jure facade of equality . 
  i agree with your points regarding the difficulty of defining exactly what constitutes left vs right wing politics these days , but imo netanyahu is very much a right wing politician and certainly his government 's policies - at least as far as palestine , iran and etc go . 
  those policies are the entirety of my problem with israel - i have a great deal of sympathy for the origins of the zionist project and the notion of a jewish state , but feel strongly that the palestinians also deserve self-determination and their own state . 
  i also feel that the settlement of the west bank and the policies surrounding palestine and the palestinians and the treatment of the palestinians is morally indefensible . 
  i do , however , accept that it is an incredibly complex issue for those involved and certainly do not condone the actions of hamas ( or any terrorists whoever they are ... ) . 
  i feel the same way about hezbollah - they are responsible for some dreadful acts , but arose out of the lebanese civil war and actually function as a de facto government in southern lebanon , providing clinics and schools in areas where the lebanese government are not strong or financially capable of doing so . 
  their rocket attacks against israeli civilians are obviously not morally supportable , but there is more to them than that . 
  as an israeli though i get that the rocket attacks are what hezbollah represent and it must be very hard to look past them !, 
  my comment history does not accurately represent the full scope of my understanding and beliefs due to the nature of this sub ; the discussions here make it very hard to express complex beliefs and ideas . 
  i could go on , but i 'll leave it as that for now . 
  tl ; dr : i appreciate that you are not a rabid pro-israel nut job who is willing to engage in conversation as it is conversations that i really seek . 
  my comments do not express the full range of my complex beliefs and understanding as too many pro-israeli redditors are not open to any discussion that challenges their world view and so it 's too hard to try to post moderate views . 
  accordingly i tend to write comments that express my moral outrage rather than my sympathy ; i would like it to be different , but moderate comments get downvoted anyway and that sticks in my throat - i wish people could accept some dissenting viewpoints without thinking that any dissension means i support hamas or am anti-semitic . 
  they wo n't though so i feel forced to simply express my thoughts about the behaviours , actions , policies and so on to try to get those views heard , swimming against the pro-israeli dominated comments so other people can hear those views . 
  it 's very frustrating and difficult for me tbh , but i keep going because it interests me and reasonably often i will find someone who is willing to have a conversation where we agree to disagree ... those conversations make the shitty ones worth the frustration , effort and etc. . . 
  i finally finished my edit if you 're interested in hearing my views ... 
  i went off topic , but hopefully opened a door for future better conversations, 
  again though , jon oliver is hearing casual racism and interpreting it as bigotry whereas a * lot * ( though certainly by no means * all * ! ), 
  australian casual racism is not intended to be harmful/hurtful . 
  in the case of australians who are n't inherently bigoted , but do pass casually racist comments it is often actually intended as being inclusive . 
  australian humour is very self-deprecating and based around `` taking the piss '' without meaning to cause genuine offence . 
  the trope of us all calling each other cunt as a term of endearment is a clear example of this : to many people here it is the same thing ... 
  for example at my work we have a german colleague and so whenever we have a company bbq out come the wwii and nazi jokes . 
  at first this baffled him and he did n't know how to take it , but he soon learned that it was actually a type of inclusiveness and it stopped bothering him at all , indeed he learned to join in the jokes . 
  of course casual racism is still offensive to people who are offended by it and not everyone learns to accept it as being as i just described . 
  and of course sometimes it is n't at all what i described because there are in australia - like every other country - many genuinely ignorant and hateful , profoundly bigoted people who abuse the type of behaviour i described and use it to mask the truly vile nature of their real opinions . 
  and really casual racism is n't actually harmless or cool in general even from people who mean no harm and do genuinely see it as i described ; however , that 's the culture here and when push comes to shove most aussies i know are genuinely not racist at all - we do n't care about where people come from , only how they act when they get here . 
  maybe i 'm just lucky in that my social milieu is middle-class and educated and my many asian , south american , indian , german , irish colleagues are all accepted because we 're all professionals with skills and personal attributes that override racial identity at work ? 
  that 's not to say i have n't encountered many disgustingly racist individuals here in my time whose attitudes cause me deep disquietude because of course i have , but those people exist in every society . 
  the whole refugee debate was pretty awful at points , but generally race is not a political issue in australia - unlike europe where parties like ukip , the front nationale in france , golden dawn in greece and so on in every country are gaining seats in various political assemblies from city councils to national parliaments . 
  race is n't the deeply divisive issue it is the us either . 
  yes , there were anti-muslim rallies recently , but really very few people attend them and they are the lunatic fringe that any society has , as i have now explained three times . 
  which is , i think , why people like jon oliver come and spend two weeks in australia and are `` shocked '' by how primitive and ignorantly racist we are , then use it to generate cheap patronising laughs at our expense ... 
  personally i think that says more about him and race in the culture he comes from than it does about us because my own thoughts , those of my friends/colleagues and how i see people being treated in general ( eg the indian taxi driver who takes me to work every day and his african friend who organises charitable donations of medical equipment for kenya where he grew up , my asian chemists , my very diverse colleagues and friends , my jewish former business partner - none of them encounter discrimination , not that i see , not that they have ever mentioned to me and certainly not in the way they fit in and are accepted or are allowed to get on with their lives as they please ... ), 
  you do realise a caliphate is n't a person , do n't you ? 
  what you just wrote is a bit like talking about the hacker 4chan . 
  oh i agree completely with your point , any kind of acknowledgement - even here on reddit - merely plays into their propaganda narrative which only empowers them ... 
  lol , good one !, 
  all those palestinians dying certainly cracks me up . 
  i mean is n't palestine just * so * inherently funny ? 
  of course the poor israelis having to run and hide from rockets is n't funny , but very few of them actually die so overall the whole thing is still a jolly jape we can all laugh about , as in your comment !, 
  whilst not renewable , nuclear power is safe and clean - why is it then that israel has no interest in civilian nuclear power to supply the huge amounts of energy that desalination requires ? 
  i agree that newer renewable technologies are definitely better overall than nuclear and israel 's progress towards developing and employing such technologies is to be lauded . 
  nuclear does of course have all of the drawbacks and associated difficulties that you have mentioned , but nuclear power is available now , relatively cheap and has an excellent record . 
  if fukushima worried netanyahu so much , would n't it make sense to close dimona and nahal sorek , especially given their age ? 
  what happened with the knesset 's discussion into that ? 
  in addition to the factors you have mentioned , to what extent do you think that nuclear power development is limited by political calculations ? 
  specifically with regards to israel 's non-participation in the npt and consequent inability to access international nuclear expertise , the long running dissimulation regarding israel 's existing nuclear arms program with that program 's ongoing [ illegal transfers of nuclear materials ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/15/truth-israels-secret-nuclear-arsenal ) and how openly developing their own civilian nuclear power capabilities would affect israel 's public stance on iran 's development of civilian nuclear power ? 
   france has said that if a two-state solution was not reached by the end of the allotted 18 month period of negotiations , france would announce its official recognition of the state of palestine . 
  wo n't * that * ruffle some israeli feathers ? 
  i doubt that by itself it will be enough to stop the israeli misappropriation of land within the occupied territories , but it is interesting to note that in the past week netanyahu has announced that settlements will not be allowed to grow ( for the present time at least ) . 
  is the timing coincidence or have there been only now revealed diplomatic communications leading up to this announcement ? 
  ( hint : i very much doubt the coincidental option ... ), 
  israel is vociferously opposed to any country 's recognition of the palestinian state ; were the eu to do so en masse it would surely be a significant diplomatic setback for israel . 
  hopefully this kind of pressure will continue to bring israel closer to serious negotiations . 
  i realise that israel does not consider itself bound to act according to international law/custom or worry much about international approbation of its actions , but even netanyahu realises that the international community is able to exert some influence over what happens within his realm . 
  the iran deal is a direct example of this : it was agreed upon despite his best efforts . 
  another is the eu 's intention to become involved with the palestinian peace process , as reported today . 
  netanyahu may not care what the eu thinks , but i am certain france 's declaration that they will recognise the palestinian state if israel does not engage in that process causes him some concern , especially as it would seem likely many other eu countries and very possibly the eu as a whole would follow suite . 
  if he really did not care , if israel truly was utterly immune from the effects of other countries ' opinions why would he have announced last week that the settlements were not allowed to grow ? 
  whatever your personal beliefs regarding the trustworthiness of israel as a nuclear power , international opinion has long been that israel should be monitored and that their demands regarding iran are hypocritical in light of the fact they refuse to engage with the international nuclear agencies themselves on any level . 
  given all of that do you really think that political considerations have had * no * impact on israel 's decision not to pursue civilian nuclear power ? 
  equal responsibility for failure of peace process at the very least ... 
  ( i wo n't mention the amount of blood he has on his hands , his megalomania or love of war for now ... ),
