  i am just saying that their improved capabilities will allow them to resist israeli aggression even better than they did in ' 06 . 
   hezbollah didnt want to wade into syrian but were forced to because of failure of the saa to defeat a civilian insurgency, 
  as i understood it , hezbollah became involved to protect shias and other minorities against sunni extremists ( eg isis , jan ) , just as they protect all people in southern lebanon against external aggression - the exact job that they formed to do . 
   the idea that hezbollah is going to be protected by russians operating s400 is a joke . 
  they are currently [ covered by the s-400 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34976537 ) in place at latakia ( there is a graphic showing the area covered ) . 
  since the s-400 was deployed there have been no stories about israel `` destroying hezbollah weapons caches '' , or any other idf air strikes - previously so common - against the saa , iranian forces , hezbollah or any other of the groups fighting isis for that matter . 
  the article stated that the russians have given hezbollah pantir-s1s , a weapon system that the idf would certainly prefer that hezbollah did not possess . 
  why then has there been no israeli airstrike to destroy these weapons ? 
  all that has changed is the presence of russian defensive systems ... 
  once deployed the pantir-s1 will provide hezbollah with an ability to defend their airspace , something they could not previously do whatsoever . 
  this is a significant stabilising factor for the region . 
  that 's all i 'm saying - not that israel will be invaded or is suddenly threatened by hezbollah !, 
  that would be a bad thing . 
   if they see their futures as worthless , then they will pursue self-destructive paths because . . why not ? 
  why should they care if there is no future ? 
  we 've first got to admit that . 
  the increase in death rate is predominantly amongst young , white people in the usa . 
  if this demographic really feels they have `` no future '' then seriously wtf are their expectations ? 
  compared to almost any other demographic in the world even the poorest/most disadvantaged amongst them enjoy lives that are easier and offer greater opportunities than similar people in other countries could even dream of !, 
  if they truly see their futures as worthless then what needs to be fixed first is their massive , overweening sense of entitlement . 
  without that being resolved then no amount of legal reform in any area ( eg the pointless war on drugs , medication regulation , etc ) will have any effect . 
  they will simply drink themselves to death , commit suicide or engage in some kind of other self-destructive/damaging to society behaviour instead . 
  i am a late-generation x australian and as such come from a very similar demographic . 
  many people i have known have indulged in reckless drug taking and suffered as a result ; however , i doubt that any of them would claim their behaviour was driven by `` muh no future '' . 
   `` there was no reason to do this , only because i am ~ ~ jewish ~ ~ israeli . '', 
  ftfh . 
  the graffiti specifically says `` viva palestina '' . 
  it does n't sound like anti-semitism or even anti-zionism to me , but rather support for palestine . 
  that 's not to say it 's a legitimate political protest of course - the official was still a jerk - but equally is it * really * worth crying to the newspapers about ? 
  it is very encouraging that this week both the eu and the us have spoken out against the illegal settlement of palestine . 
  the ambassador 's speech very clearly described the situation and issues and surely he - as the representative of israel 's staunchest ally and a jew himself - can not be tarred with the anti-semitism slur leveled at so many others who have the courage and moral strength to speak out . 
  hopefully this diplomatic pressure will not let up . 
  a great first step would be simply applying sufficient pressure to encourage the israeli people - many of whom do not support the settlements either from what i understand - to exercise their political rights and vote netanyahu out . 
  netanyahu clearly has no intention of allowing a peaceful resolution and bears a great deal of personal responsibility for the ongoing violence . 
  this is an excellent article , providing as it does a very clear and irrefutable summary of the issues ( including violence against israelis ) involved . 
  plane 's do n't crash planes man . 
  people do . 
  beer springs immediately to mind , but really all alcohol except perhaps sake . 
  they may not have deliberately targeted the crops and infrastructure , but in any court they would be found guilty of criminal negligence for not taking any care to prevent it . 
  it 's not difficult to check the weather and determine when the prevailing winds would allow the operation to be completed safely . 
  clearly they did not think to do so . 
  and nor should they . 
  the settlements are not in israel , they are in palestine . 
  israeli medics heal jamah al nusrah and isis terrorists , allowing them to enter israeli territory for medical treatment ... 
  msf provides medical aid to whomever needs it , they do not go out of their way to heal extremists as israel do with this policy . 
  the eu are not punishing everyday israelis , only the criminal settlers , many of whom are also religious extremists . 
  the settlements are not in israel , therefore the eu is simply correctly not including them in agreements with israel . 
  israel is not a `` western counterpart '' and attempting to assert that it is ignores the reality of the broken electoral system , israel 's scorning of international law and the egregious human rights abuses committed daily under the aegis of the israeli regime . 
  that ignores a number of issues and due to how often it is trotted out is nothing more than a ridiculous , meaningless meme , not a valid argument . 
  the zionist leaders ceded the west bank in return for territory that is part of israel proper . 
  the settlements do not aim to be part of a palestinian state , but to gain permanent control of the land involved as part of israel . 
  if the settlers were happy to live as palestinian citizens , under palestinian law and the control of the palestinian government your `` argument '' might hold water , but they are n't and thus it does n't . 
  i think that once a stable palestinian state has been established the agreement should allow jews to gain palestinian citizenship and live within the wb , but not as israeli citizens . 
  the precondition for that is , naturally , that a * stable * palestinian state is allowed to be formed . 
  if jews want to live peacefully in palestine the best thing they could do is vote netanyahu 's regime out so such a state can be formed . 
  if the jews are happy to live under palestinian law as palestinian citizens they should be allowed to live in palestinian cities . 
  what they should n't be able to do is move onto palestinian land and then claim it 's suddenly part of israel . 
  of course a palestinian state that is capable of managing citizenship sand protecting its citizens is a pre-condition of this being possible . 
  thus if jews want to live in the wb they need to push for the israeli regime to allow a palestinian state to finally be created . 
  or just `` no wuckers '' . 
  a big part of why wa is so much more expensive for beer and pub counter meals ( and their competition ) is because pokies are banned in wa . 
  every pub in sydney and melbourne has pokies to help fund cheaper pints/meals and cheap drinks/meals to bring people in to play their pokies . 
  businesses that do n't have pokies then have to compete with those that do so also charge less than they are able to get away with in wa . 
  personally i would rather have no pokies and pay a bit more . 
  pokies are very damaging to society as well as being aesthetically displeasing , making the experience of being in a venue that has them less enjoyable for those who do n't play . 
  what is truly fucked though is that states ' gambling revenue is not included in the figures used to calculate gst so wa loses out on a fair slice of that pie , effectively being punished for a socially responsible policy . 
  your pub is presumably still competing against other pubs that do have pokies though . 
  in any case all businesses price according to the norms for where they are - most queenslanders would baulk at paying wa prices so your local 's prices would reflect what they think they can get away with . 
  i 'm not saying that there 's not gouging going on here ( ie wa ) because obviously businesses with no pokies successfully compete against those that do have them in pokie states , but it 's certainly a factor in pricing here . 
  nor are superstitious behaviours amongst soldiers - many soldiers seem to carry some kind of lucky charm and walking on the grass `` for luck '' is no more sas-worthy than someone carrying a `` lucky coin '' from their country or similar . 
  the thoughts behind this are n't uniquely american in any sense ; however , the * expression * of those thoughts for fb is certainly couched in their inimitable style ... 
  it 's not really worth arguing about , but you just listed a bunch of other places that may not be direct competition for your local with its good atmosphere and reasonably priced beer now , but would become so were your local to up its prices to wa levels , as per my second point ... 
  yes it was . 
  edit : the gis would see continuous streams of tracers coming from the miniguns and nicknamed it `` puff the magic dragon '' because they looked like jets of flame : http://www.ac-119gunships.com/images/spooky/ac473.jpg, 
  julia , who was married to pompey , a member of the first triumvirate ... 
  that 's what you would look like if you fell face down in a bog . 
  surely more - uk , india , australia , japan and , if those countries are n't enough , nz should seal the deal ... 
  there is no article . 
  it 's just a picture . 
  this is r/pics !, 
  mongol even , as in barbarian . 
  i would agree with a lot of what you 're saying - i do n't think expeditionary warfare is a good idea for hezbollah . 
  with the idf , however , all they need to be able to do to frustrate them is make any incursion politically unacceptable by way of inflicting heavier casualties than the israeli public are prepared to accept . 
  considering they managed to do this in ' 06 , * any * improvements in training , doctrine or equipment work to making this goal easier to achieve . 
  if it is apparent that they are simply * perceived * as * able * to inflict heavy casualties the idf will have to very seriously consider whether or not attacks against hezbollah for anything other than serious , unprovoked aggression against israel are politically viable . 
  this is what i meant by containing israeli aggression . 
  shooting down an f-15 / f-16 , which a pantsir-s1 is certainly capable of doing , would surely be considered politically unacceptable due not only to loss of the crew and aircraft , but also because of the damage it would do to iaf prestige having their strike aircraft go from seemingly invulnerable ( no iaf fast jet having been shot down yom kippur , their last loss being a ch-53 shot down by hezbollah in ' 06 ) to taking losses from an insurgent group . 
  iaf airstrikes against targets in syria and lebanon occurred at least monthly through last year and much of the preceding couple of years , targeting weapon stocks , fighting positions near the border and leaders . 
  since the russians arrived in syria iaf airstrikes have ( afaik from publicly available sources ) been limited to fighters near the border and leaders , with the last strike being over a month ago now against hezbollah fighter quntar . 
  previous strikes were against iranian supplied weapons , but whilst russia and israel have good deconfliction processes in place i can not see russia allowing weapons systems they have just handed over to be destroyed , a supposition the pattern of strikes ( seems ) to support . 
  russia has been talking hezbollah up as a regional partner recently and as such are even more likely to be making sure that significant damage is not done to them by the iaf . 
  whilst russia most likely will not be leaving any s-400 in syrian , let alone lebanese , hands they will probably not be leaving the region for some time , certainly sufficient time to deliver weapons to lebanon free from idf interference . 
  even a single pantsir-s1 is enough to significantly complicate the calculus of whether an iaf attack is feasible . 
  obviously though were hezbollah to attempt any kind of force projection into israel the idf would respond in full force with no consideration of potential political cost ; not doing so would cost more than any number of casualties . 
  he also fought in spain and north africa before setting off across the alps to sneak into roman territory . 
  i 'm sure he would have been perfectly capable in terms of manoeuvre warfare . 
  the roman general , marcus licinius crassus , ended up having molten gold poured into his mouth post-mortem as an indictment of his greed by the parthian king ... 
  that cat has gigantic ears . 
  hezbollah are fully occupied fighting isis , finally free from israeli airstrikes since russian sams were deployed that cover all of lebanon . 
  why would hezbollah provoke further israeli aggression at this point in time ?
