  least of all those who have to hide behind a fucking throwaway to expose * their * prejudice . . 
  shit , would you like me to rephrase that in ~ ~ single syllable ~ ~ short , easy words ? 
  do you at least get what i am trying to tell you , in a roundabout way , wrt to your original question ? 
  easy for him to jump ship to seppostan and then weep crocodile tears about how bad australia is , even as he sucks on the teat of the world 's premier warmongers . . 
  as for you , if you 're a cuntnuck/seppo then why the fuck do you keep posting in r/australia ? 
  what has any of it got to do with you ? 
  i 've you 've never been called a sep before it means you clearly do n't talk to australians irl . . 
  have you considered having your hearing tested ? 
  i can assure you people * think * of you as a seppo , sep , septic , septic tank , or whatever precise variation of the term it is they prefer . 
  uber did a few months ago with that guy who was like '' [ i got a free ticket to a ball game driving uber ] ( https://i.reddituploads.com/6e8f389e628e465ba32a9fef60b034ae?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=54e392cfd0f8b3a63f697459cd065ce3 ) '' which got to the front page shill was called and it was removed . 
  still does n't answer wtf any of it has to do with you though , does it mate ? 
  so why * do * you come to r/australia , repeatedly posting this kind of shit and hectoring/hassling us with your typically seppo/cuntknuckle brand of sanctimonious bullshit ? 
  when your country ( america from what you have written ) allows untrammeled illegal immigration from warzones and grants citizenship to any and all such asylum seekers , many of whom come from regions where america has actually played a massive part in creating/sustaining the conflict that triggered the refugee 's sufferings and departure - a behaviour that canada is not entirely innocent of either , in case you self-dentify as cuntknuckle rather than sep , with conflicts such as libya definitely leaving blood on canadian hands following the egregiously unnecessary canadian efforts to make that ugly little dismantling of a foreign sovereign state happen - you may lecture us , but until then please just post in r/worldnews , r/canada or best of all facebook so you and your friend can both like it and have an impassioned discussion everyone you know can see . . 
  one place where refugees are dying in huge numbers is the med between libya and italy , as smugglers force thousands onto overloaded boats . 
  this is what gaddafi warned would be the result of his actually very prosperous society being dismantled as it was in france and canada 's shabby little attack , which achieved its goal of removing the threat to french economics if gaddafi creating a na regional currency , backed by gold , for use instead of the french franc which is currently the region 's default currency . 
  of course canada bombed them , destroyed the stable nation and then left - so why do n't you guys take in those refugees currently drowning by the thousands in the med as they flee mena for europe ? 
  the fact is most of us do n't like the situation , but sanctimonious foreigners and cynical bullshitter expats stating their often ill-informed opinion as if we are supposed to gaf does nothing to help , and indeed serves more to further entrench the disquietude felt by the more nationalistic , jingoistic or just plain racist among us and validates their ( also ignorant ) opinions that these * foreigners * are trying to manipulate aussie society to `` the aussies ' '' ( eg those nationalistic fuckers to whom i refer above ) detriment . 
  in other word , your shrill , but irrelevant , insufferable and actually really rather hypocritical , squawks of outrage do nothing to help the refugees , or stimulate discussion that clearly indicate ), 
  you are a repeat offender with this bullshit , so i ask you to please restrain yourself , and go try to stop indigenous canadian women being murdered ( as seems to happen a lot ) , or round up those refugees that canadian bombs led to the med and save them from drowning then resettle them in canada . . 
  that sounds damn nice ; i am a * massive * lover of horseradish . . 
  ha ha , yeah you inspired me . 
  this looks good too , i might pinch your horseradish mash idea too ; i could eat horseradish all day , and it 's definitely my favourite condiment for beef in particular . . 
  it 's a good accompaniment for your scallops too , i can well imagine at least . 
  btw i have tried the bacon instead of prosciutto with the asparagus now , using nice thick dry cured bacon , and it * is * good mate , very good . 
  different asian and mediterranean dishes make up a decent chunk of what i 've been trying my hand at recently , and i 've been happy with what 's ended up on my plate . 
  i also did a nice pork roast the other night i was pleased with as it was my first pork roast in my new oven in my new place ( and first pork roast i 've done in ages . . ) , but the crackling came out perfectly , which was nice . 
  heaps of ( roasted ) kipfler potatoes , carrots , parsnip , pumpkin , shallots and ( steamed ) asparagus on the side . . 
  i 've been cooking up all sorts of different stuff though , i took some pics so maybe i 'll post something again soon . 
  if i get bored maybe , which , as i 'm flying halfway across the world on sunday , is highly probable . 
  there are already two gay ones , so would n't that be over-egging the pudding just a tad ? 
  if you wish to avoid this type of situation in the future , i would advise you to simply purchase your own residence . 
  why do n't you have the payslips ? 
  pretty convenient that the company happens to be in liquidation too . 
  students are `` most vulnerable '' ? 
  not , say , homeless kids ? 
  or elderly pensioners ? 
  or disabled people ? 
  students . 
  righto mate . . 
  i used to be a student , and at that time never considered myself nor my peers as `` vulnerable '' . 
  what is is about this generation of students that has so enfeebled them ? 
  well , you see , the thing is , * this * article is about students . . 
  this is , as i have already indicated , a topic i can speak about from my own experience . 
  students choose to forego earnings today for the opportunity of greater earnings later . 
  if checking up on them causes some inconvenience i can see how that might be considered somewhat irritating , but ultimately the calculus of whether remaining a student and benefitting later outweighs the opportunity costs of not working today remains firmly within their own purview , which is in distinct contrast to disabled people , homeless kids or the elderly poor . 
  students are n't even in the running for `` most vulnerable '' and i feel it 's incredibly disingenuous on your part to suggest they are . 
  if anything students are among the most fortunate members of our society in many regards , minor financial reporting issues notwithstanding . . 
  is n't this what americans do with hfcs ? 
  lol, 
  that did n't happen in america during wwii though , you 're thinking of the `` indian wars '' ( cough genocide cough ) . . 
  wwii it was just internment camps , in america . 
  you know what 's really rude ? 
  repeat posting an answer someone else has given 42 mins earlier . 
  you should reply to them , or just upvote . 
  sorry , i have n't even read it tbh . 
  i was just jokingly making the point that , in ebook copies especially , editorial mistakes do happen . 
  works for you that , does it ? 
  should have been murder , not manslaughter , but better than nothing . 
  what is really disturbing to a person who lives in a western , post-enlightenment culture is the public 's reaction . 
  just spent four hours riding around rome in a golf buggy , seeing the sights not yet explored . 
  leaving to come back to australia tomorrow , but it was a nice way to cap off my holiday . 
  bloody cold though . 
  i mean really bloody cold , i ca n't wait to get off the plane into summer . 
  i 'm in rome right now , and there are soldiers with assault rifles all over the city - in front of churches and archaeological sites alike . 
  that said , i have seen none anywhere else , including london and naples , both of which i have visited this trip too . 
  yeah , i saw not one soldier in london and the cops do n't carry guns there either . 
  off the top of my head i do n't recall seeing a single gun in london the entire two weeks i was there ( staying five minutes walk from liverpool st station and spending at least some time almost every day in central london/the west end during the run up to xmas and subsequently the boxing day sales and so on ) . 
  if there has to be any scapegoating , could n't we just tax subversive communities whose loyalties do not necessarily lie with the australian people ( looking at you catholics and hindoos ) instead of this fiscally inefficient ( to the point it seems utterly ineffective ) harassment of australians of good character ? 
  after all , the catholics have a proven history of trying to destroy our political system ( one of the reasons catholicism was initially banned in the colonies , among other good reasons such as more general terrorist proclivities ) , whilst the hindoos have not only imported their own virulent paganist nationalism , but also their apetite for corruption . 
  both groups are significantly more damaging to our society and culture than the dole bludgers we have always possessed and cosseted ; also a number of people who use centrelink 's services are genuinely deserving ( whereas , as the saying goes , the only good catholic is a bad catholic ) . 
  70 % effective tax rate applied on a per capita basis against the entire community ( of both communities ) by assuming each and every member of the community earns the mean income for australian workers would surely be equally efficient and far more lucrative than this farrago . 
  wtf at you man !!, 
  is n't my criticism of this shitty policy entirely inline with the majority lefty beliefs of this sub ? 
  did you not read the bit where i say leave the bludgers in peace ? 
  actually , i am very cognisant of the catholic church 's grim history , including its many depredations and vicious depravities over the centuries , hence my suggestion . 
  the attempt to destroy the westminster system of government , whilst heinous , is actually not even the worst of these . . 
  should we * really * be succouring such people at the expense of the most vulnerable in our society , as you seem to be suggesting ( in your implied opposition to my own suggestion ) ? 
  the solution can be refined - it 's an initial suggested solution as opposed to the final solution to both the budgetary issues and the catholic question we , as a nation , shall need to implement at some point . 
  she 's ex-falun gong , who are also banned and regularly jailed in beijing . . 
  it 's certainly something we all , as a nation , need to consider . 
  i think the tax i mooted above would be a great start , as would banning them from holding public office and/or working in any capacity for the government or security forces . 
  same applies to hindoos too , obviously . 
  i genuinely believe that one of the great things about our society is that we do take care of those who need it ; this current campaign of harassment undercuts that in a way that makes me both sad and angry . 
  personally i would rather a few people get a few bucks they are n't deserving of than anyone who is genuinely in need goes without . 
  as for the rest i am happy to leave my position in its present ambiguous state ; i am glad people such as yourself recognise what 's going on and give it even the thought you put into your reply though . 
  which is a good thing , right ? 
  i did n't insinuate that : i said it plainly . 
  what about zoroastrianism ? 
  also manichaeism and i believe the baha'i faith both seem pretty benign , although manichaeism is no longer extant as a living religion unlike the others mentioned . 
  sikhs are pretty cool too imo and in my experience . . 
  i know enough about post-enlightenment thought to be able to confidently state that the wilfully primitivist , atavistic tribalism that dominates so much israeli discourse is orthogonal to much of what we in the west consider moral and rational ; this public mass hysterical mania to free a cold-blooded killer illustrates that fact perfectly , even if one ignores all the other many , many facets of the zionist ideology as is constantly propagated by its apologists and zealots that similarly illustrate the point . 
  in certain regards israeli society * is * very advanced and progressive . 
  there is , however , a deeply unpleasant current of anti-humanist sentiment only just below the surface ( and often not even hidden whatsoever , as in this case ) of the national psyche as a whole . 
  of course some of this must be ascribed to the tendency for the most extreme voices in any population to make the most noise , but 60-70 % of the population demanding elor azaria be pardoned very starkly illustrates that it 's not only the lunatic fringe which holds such deeply disturbing attitudes . . 
  if those figures are inaccurate then i stand corrected to the extent they are so ; however , the underlying point remains entirely the same . 
  and actually , yes , i do consider certain sections of the us population in a similar light , particularly wrt the issues you mention . . 
  how does `` revenge '' as motive make murder acceptable ? 
  did you * really * consider that a valid excuse ? 
  if so how about this highly analogous scenario : `` oh well , he slaughtered his wife and kids , but it 's ok because she had been having an affair so it was just perfectly reasonable revenge , nothing wrong that '' . 
  i actually do n't hate israel in the least .
