  there is no reason to think that the same nuclear blackmail would not be applied today without a moment 's hesitation if doing so suited netanyahu 's ends . 
   india ? 
  good luck . 
  damn , ca n't resist that racist schtick , can you ? 
   the money also assures that israel does n't sell it 's technology to china and counties america is at odds with . 
  [ uh , yeah . 
  about that ... ] (, 
  http://www.defensetech.org/2013/12/24/report-israel-passes-u-s-military-technology-to-china/ ), 
  ... where the rule of law has ** no meaning ** and corruption is king !, 
  if you 're interested you 'll find a bunch more sauces by googling for it ... 
  edit : made comment more polite . 
  ... and then the israelis told the americans that they would be using nukes unless new military equipment was rushed to them , an event that would probably have triggered ww3 as russia was supporting egypt heavily at the time . 
  exactly as i originally posited . 
  denial that there even * is * an occupation rather than defence of its legality is a trend i have noticed emerging over the past week or two . 
  it 's hard not to suspect that is has something to do with [ netanyahu 's government 's new official , but secret , policy of annexation of the wb using the recent levy report ( that states * all of palestine * was `` gifted '' to the zionists by the british in the days of the protectorate and also references the balfour declaration ! ), 
  as `` legal '' justification ... ] ( http://mondoweiss.net/2016/03/netanyahu-govt-is-implementing-annexation-of-west-bank-as-secret-but-official-policy/ ), 
  i would not be surprised to see this argument become increasingly common in these threads . 
  great . 
  that gives the eu a legal basis to refuse importation and sale of * all * `` israeli '' products . 
  is this really what the settlers want ? 
  given their invocation of the holocaust in this statement that may well actually be their goal ... 
  or , put another way : `` give us more weapons now or we 'll unleash nuclear annihilation '' . 
  the us was not obligated to supply israel with weaponry , until it was made clear that not doing so would result in the nuclear genie escaping the bottle and very possibly starting ww3 . 
  there were a large number of russian troops supporting the egyptian effort during the yom kippur war , both as technical advisors for the new weapons systems that caused so much damage to the idf and actually fighting . 
  at the height of the cold war * any * nuclear attack would very likely have triggered a nuclear ww3 . 
  that does n't conflict in the slightest with realising certain past actions of the empire might , on occasion , have resulted in outcomes that were perhaps somewhat less than optimal for some of the parties involved . 
  the empire was by no means an entirely negative experience for the peoples of the indian subcontinent and a balanced view of history must acknowledge that . 
  both the empire 's subjects and its benevolent ruling elite at different times and in different senses benefited greatly from their relationship , whilst at other times or in other regards may equally have suffered some degree of less beneficial effect resultant from the situation as it was at the time vis-a-vis resource allocation . 
  no , i mean actual legit `` we will unleash nuclear armageddon if we do n't get our way right now '' threats , not empty rhetoric . 
  israel was fed disinformation by a double agent , making them think they had the tactical advantage and that the egyptians were unaware of their possession of that `` knowledge '' . 
  accordingly they did not mobilise their reserves as quickly as they might have , believing it unnecessary and that doing so would reveal their `` knowledge '' of the egyptian plans . 
  they also , hubristically , believed they possessed a sufficient qualitative advantage to withstand the initial egyptian attack due to their easy victory in the '67 war . 
  the idf , however , received a rude shock when confronted with larger forces than the double agent had fooled them into believing the egyptians had fielded and even more of one when they encountered the modern russian weapons and doctrine the egyptians employed . 
  these new weapons and tactics downed dozens of iaf warplanes and destroyed hundreds of idf tanks . 
  ( btw i love how israelis call tanks `` tankim '' - it just sounds cute . ), 
  the idf were smashed across the sinai , at which point they blackmailed the us into rushing shipments of fresh weaponry to them by raising the spectre of an atomic war involving the ussr who had large numbers of troops assisting the egyptians . 
  golda meir did not show restraint out of decency , but arrogance . 
  israel ended up winning the war following the us weapons shipments , but one can certainly argue that egypt won politically given israel handed the entire sinai back a few years later . 
  as will , eventually , happen with the wb too . 
  it is interesting in that context , certainly . 
  i just meant iran never possessed a working nuke , but yours is a good point . 
  i and another commenter have provided sources below for the beach attacks :, 
  i have no knowledge of the guy i replied to 's claims , having not heard of the incident he refers to previously . 
  no , it was n't illogical . 
  a world war triggered by israel nuking egypt ( a very possible , albeit worst case , scenario ) would have wiped out humanity though , israel included !, 
  thankfully we 'll never have to find out . 
  it 's important to keep a balanced view as neither side is entirely in the right nor entirely in the wrong . 
  certainly the targeting of civilians by both sides is equally horrific . 
  as it is the idf certainly kill orders of magnitude more palestinians than the number of israelis who die ; however , i do n't think anyone would argue that hamas would show any better restraint than the idf does if they were armed as well as the idf are . 
  and it was worth seeing america , europe and asia 's populations wiped out too to save themselves ? 
  billions of deaths to avoid military defeat ? 
  you do n't think the us would have stepped in and stopped israel from being wiped off the face of earth * had * they lost ? 
  you do n't think that israel was , to an extent , reaping what it had sown with its '67 war of territorial expansion and that humanity as a whole did n't deserve to suffer the consequences ? 
  how is that moral ? 
  there are numerous sources that attest to ashraf marwan , the `` mossad spy '' who misled meir 's government about the timing of the egyptian attack to such great effect being a double-agent , here is just one of them :, 
  edit : forgot to finish a sentence . 
  that the israelis felt near invincible post - the '67 war of aggression is well known and it is to this i refer . 
  to an extent you are right , in that i can no more speak to golda meir 's personal thoughts than can anyone else . 
  however , the pattern of events , initial shock at suffering military humiliation and subsequent nuclear blackmail certainly supports my supposition ... 
  if the israeli government had * really * thought they might get smashed so badly would they have risked it ? 
  the '67 attacks were n't even preemptive - israel knew egypt was not planning to attack , but initiated its planned surprise attack anyway . 
  the preeminent israeli scholar , norman finkelstein , discusses the circumstances of the '67 war in great detail in his excellent book [ image and reality of the israel -- palestine conflict ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/image_and_reality_of_the_israel%e2%80%93palestine_conflict ) . 
  i can not recommend you read this book strongly enough . 
  i was being a bit facetious , playing on the british propensity for understatement . 
  i 'm actually australian , not english , although i did spend some of my childhood in the uk . 
  i would n't argue that the empire was anything other than a racist enterprise that caused much suffering at times ; however , it is also true that countries that were colonies did also gain some - sometimes significant - benefits from being part of the empire . 
  ultimately though it was the product of a less enlightened era that i am glad that humanity has progressed beyond . 
  the colonial mindset will hopefully not be seen again . 
  i do n't hate israel , let alone jews . 
  i do n't like the current government or the ultra-zionist extreme right wing because i support palestine 's right to self-determination ; however , i 100 % support israel 's right to exist and also enjoy its own right to self-determination . 
  i do not support the bds movement and i especially do not support hamas . 
  i am equally opposed to the killing of both palestinian and israeli civilians . 
  i care about the history because of its impact on the present , but also because i find history interesting generally . 
  re : ' 67 , israel had been told by both russia and the usa that egypt was not planning to attack . 
  the egyptian forces deployed were grossly inadequate for an attack on israel and the disposal was defensive . 
  the war was not necessary in an existential sense . 
  finkelstein is a highly respected israeli scholar - that is indisputable . 
  just because he may not be popular in israel does not lessen his academic qualifications . 
  i really do urge you to read both him and robert fisk ( particularly his account of the lebanese civil war and idf invasion of lebanon ) , just as i read `` approved narrative '' israeli authors such as michael oren . 
  learning more from different perspectives can not harm you in any way . 
  there 's a lot of that history that we could go over and reexamine in a different light , but i 'm too tired now . 
  suffice to say , there is evidence that egypt did not intend israel 's destruction in ' 73 , but merely to regain control of the sinai . 
  israel , of course , could not have known that then nor been certain of any foreign intervention to guarantee their survival as we can with hindsight . 
  i do n't know how i 'd react in such circumstances and am glad i will never have that responsibility . 
  it 's lucky most people do n't have nukes - they are a * massive * responsibility ... 
  oh crap , you 're right - he 's american . 
  i honestly thought he was israeli ( and no , not just because he 's jewish ) , but i just googled it and i am completely wrong . 
  my apologies . 
  nonetheless , he is still worth reading ... 
  egypt did n't plan to destroy israel , merely reclaim losses from israel 's war of territorial expansion in ' 67 . 
  us would n't have let israel been destroyed anyway . 
  nuclear attack would likely have triggered nuclear world war - everybody dies . 
  that 's the cost of israel nuking egypt . 
  smh ... 
  [ the opening paragraph of the yom kippur war wikipedia page states neither nasser nor assad sought to destroy israel , with two citations ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/yom_kippur_war ) . 
  i had always thought that was never really in dispute , but perhaps a story is told to some audiences that is at variance with the generally accepted truth ? 
  if the us did n't support israeli , the ussr egypt and it was n't the cold war then no , israel could neither be sure that the us would not allow her destruction nor that nuking egypt would probably trigger ww3 ; however , given that all those conditions existed even a frightened government should have realised they did n't face an existential threat . 
  the us weapons were coming anyway ; the blackmail just expidited it . 
  the us reluctance to immediately send armaments was due to the soviet presence , with russian troops both training and advising the egyptians and even flying migs in dogfights with israelis . 
  the tension extended far beyond merely israel ; that is why israel was never going to be destroyed and why the nuclear blackmail worked .
