  that 's the ultimate sign of someone who has an unarguably correct position , is n't it ? 
   right , `` zionist conspiracy '', 
  wtf man ? 
  when did i say `` zionist conspiracy '' - i talked about clinton and * his * sense of self-interest and only then because you held him up like he was the ultimate authority on right and wrong or something ... 
  if you want to come and discuss issue with people on the wild , wild web you * have * to be prepared to encounter opinions that differ from your own . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just how it is , and in fact is how most people want it . 
  do n't start trying to tell people they 're wrong then sulk when they argue back man . 
  yep , because we all come here to win - not for actual exchange of ideas or anything , right ? 
  that 's what trips me out about little temper tantrums like we just watched . 
  i mean if you ca n't handle having your view of things challenged maybe the internet * is n't * the best place to talk about things ... 
  your first paragraph is something only a theologian could properly address , but i will say i am a little more optimistic than that . 
  there are modern , secular islamic nations and jews and muslims have lived in mixed communities for nearly one and a half millennia now . 
  i * have * actually lived under the threat of terrorist attacks and literally had friends - children at the time - blown up by a terrorist bomb . 
  that was in the uk during the period of the troubles when the ira ( a significantly more professional , well-trained and well-disciplined threat than hamas ) were bombing targets in england very regularly . 
  it is actually that which informs my viewpoint - the uk handled the ira without ever resorting to collective punishments or aerial bombardment of civilian populations in ireland and finally a peace agreement was reached which has held . 
  perhaps you are right about * some * palestinians ( hamas and fatah ideologues specifically ) not really wanting a palestinian state , but i think of the bulk of the palestinians as just being people like you or i who more than anything just want to live a normal life , with all the opportunities and security people not living in a warzone take for granted . 
  much like i believe most israelis want the same , despite the rantings of extremists like lieberman or the jewish home . 
  that we live in such a wealthy nation , but so many people have to get by on that amount is a matter of shame for us all . 
  this is what i see as being truly dreadful too :, 
   `` to survive , it is a real concern that people are turning to desperate measures such as pawning belongings and pay day lenders evidenced clearly by this business growing rapidly . 
  simply people are feeling trapped . '', 
  those payday loan companies and pawnshops are bastards , preying on the most vulnerable and growing fat on their desperation . 
  i really feel that industry needs to be regulated so tightly they ca n't wriggle at all . 
  profiting from human misery is an ugly business . 
  oh believe me i know this all too well - i do n't comment in the hope of changing their minds , but rather just getting alternative , moderate , perspectives on the conflict out there for those who are perhaps less well-versed in the situation than i and hence maybe vulnerable to believing the propaganda narrative we see being pushed so relentlessly . 
  information is the best way of battling ignorance . 
  i just aim to provide information for people to make up their own minds . 
  netanyahu 's not even the worst , except for being the ringleader of course . 
  i see him as more a power-hungry cynic than a crazy ideologue in the mould of the truly scary jewish home gang and their leaders - bennett , shaked , smotrich ( boy does * that * guy have a punchable face ) - or lieberman . 
  i agree that he has scarred israel deeply with his divisive and manipulative politics of fear and constant , vicious internal propaganda monologue - the narrative we have to endure being parroted back at us in here daily . 
  i hope that the israeli centre gets their shit together to push back . 
  some signs are promising , but i think the clock is ticking until the tipping point is breached . 
  what i always wonder is why , if the israelis * really * are so confident in their righteousness , they are so absolutely averse to standing in an open court they do n't control and letting these matter be openly discussed . 
  it 's something i very much hope to see too , one day . 
  you are probably much less aware of the history of the ira 's war with britain than i am of the palestinian conflict , so i 'll just leave you a brief primer to give you some insight : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_bombings_during_the_northern_ireland_troubles_and_peace_process, 
  the two conflicts are , of course , not exactly the same , but to claim there is * no * comparison is simple arrogance and ignorance on your part , i 'm sorry to say . 
  have you * really * spent * months * living a troglodyte existence in a bomb-shelter ? 
  i honestly was n't aware anyone had done that - you should do an ama !, 
  we are going to have to agree to disagree because you will obviously never acknowledge any israeli fault in the conflict , whilst i see faults on both sides . 
  the propaganda copypasta you pasted in sounds lovely , but actions speak louder than words and those words bear very little relation to israel 's actions whatsoever . 
  even your line about `` accepting the partition plan '' is historically inaccurate - there was no actual plan , merely a * proposal * and the zionist `` acceptance '' of it consisted merely of seizing `` their '' land violently without paying any heed to the actual details of the plan or even its underlying principles . 
  i support israel 's right to existence and self-determination 100 % , but i also believe the palestinians have the same basic human right , even if it is denied them . 
  personally i just want to see a just end to the conflict . 
  i do n't want to paint israel as the `` bad guy '' here , but otoh wo n't just let people spew out biased and inaccurate fictions , so let 's just let others read what we 've both written and make up their own minds . 
  in the end that 's all we can really hope to achieve from this anyway . 
  damn those comments following the article are * toxic * ... 
  my condolences - it 's hard enough to lose a beloved pet to natural causes , but to lose two such beautiful animals to the spite and malice of another person must be nigh on unbearable . 
  i both hope that they catch the bastards and you/your family are able to move past this horrible event . 
  remember the love and good times - as in your final photo . 
  those latino passions are so * spicy * . 
  note to self : do not prank my columbian colleague . 
  how could this happen ? 
  wo n't someone * think of the children * ? 
  [ indomie mi goreng ] ( http://www.indomie.co.nz/ ) - original , satay and spicy especially , though all of them are pretty great . 
  hey , pootie , always glad to see your valuable contributions in these threads !, 
  ( do you mind if i call you pootie ? 
  computer_name is just so formal between mates like us , do n't you think ? ), 
  would you mind elucidating exactly what this comment means exactly please ? 
  if she was so concerned about staying in australia why has she made no effort , over nearly thirty years what 's more , to gain permanent residency or citizenship ? 
  everyone i know who has emigrated here has made pr , followed by citizenship , a major goal . 
  frankly i have very little sympathy either . 
  tbh , her kids could well be better off if she 's not around to drag them down too , based on her life decisions so far . 
  most of your arguments are facile and easily turned back on israel . 
  why do you think the palestinians would become more violent if they are less oppressed ? 
  that 's very backwards thinking , or outright bigotry even if your assumption is that they are beasts only interested in violence , unlike the noble jews who wrapped * their * terrorist actions up once their political goals had been achieved ? 
  the us stepped in during yom kippur with rushed arms shipments . 
  that 's * one * example - look to the gulf war to see another of israel being protected by the international community . 
  stopping fighting would actually be the goal of a *** peace agreement *** . 
  idk what you think those words mean , but stopping fighting is actually the cornerstone of any peace deal . 
  i realise israel regularly violates its ceasefire agreements with hamas , hezbollah , syria and so on , but an actual peace deal is more binding than a ceasefire and if * either * side broke it i would expect them to suffer the consequences . 
  if the occupation was over then the palestinians would n't need to keep resisting would they ? 
  i completely agree the palestinians need to renounce violence ; however , the same is yet again equally true of israel . 
  just as palestinian terrorism would have to stop , so would israeli assassinations and other violations of their neighbours ' sovereignty . 
  remember this article is about israel 's closest ally 's doubts about the sincerity of israel 's leadership 's willingness to achieve peace . 
  the faults are not all on one side . 
  just as the palestinians * must * accept and endorse israel 's place in the world , so must israel acknowledge her wrongdoings and the great historical injustice suffered by the palestinians - it is that injustice that makes the world so insistent that might not be allowed to be right in this case . 
  this makes perfect sense to everyone outside the israeli bubble , with its false victimhood narrative and intransigent refusal to acknowledge it has played * any * part in creating this situation . 
  i wish you could detach yourself from your overweening sense of self-righteousness just long enough to read what you wrote objectively . 
  man i love beef tataki - one of my absolute favourite japanese dishes . 
  and * that * is a particularly fine looking tataki of beef ... 
  it 's just a turn of phrase - i 'm not interested in getting bogged down in some bullshit argument about literalist semantics at the cost of distraction from the underlying point , sorry . 
  sorry , i did n't mean to sound aggressive in my last reply ( if i did ) , nor use purposely misleading semantics . 
  if we can step aside from the article discussion for a moment , may i ask you if english is your native tongue , or hebrew ? 
  i ask because i was reading in r/israel a guy talking about the differences in english and hebrew that can lead to misunderstandings or misinterpretations of meaning and tone due to underlying linguistic differences . 
  in english a metaphor such i employed is a normal rhetorical device and nobody thinks it is meant literally , but rather they understand it is standing in for a more complex idea - in the case of my `` hilltop in the wb '' that being territorial expansion . 
  does that not convey the same meaning to someone transliterating from english to hebrew because ideas expressed in hebrew are generally phrased more directly ? 
  if so , i wonder if that is the cause of some of the arguments we see here ? 
  i know i have many times written things i thought quite mild , only to be replied to as if i had fully been on the attack . 
  maybe it 's partially attributable to different interpretations not ideologically as much as linguistically ? 
  if english is your native tongue then obviously this does n't apply . 
  it 's still an intriguing thought though , imo at least . 
  the palestinians have n't lost * until * they `` give up '' . 
  you calling me one-sided is a bit rich given you 're still to acknowledge * any * israeli wrongdoing or moral responsibility for the situation the zionist 's plan to colonise palestine has created . 
  i do n't think the palestinians have behaved perfectly in any sense ; i also support israel 's right to ongoing self-determination and security entirely , but israel can not seriously claim to be the victim in this whole sorry story , or berate the palestinians for resorting to terrorism to achieve political goals when zionist history is so redolent of and rich with the most vicious kind of terrorism itself . 
  we are discussing an article about israel 's closest ally and financial supporter not trusting israel 's commitment to peace . 
  you come in here behaving in the exact manner that has led to that international mistrust , ie playing the victim and refusing to accept any culpability . 
  i am sorry if you found my turn of phrase offensive - it was not meant to be so , i was just talking rhetorically - though i must admit i do find some of your attitudes offensive myself . 
  i am not a palestinian , or even on either side particularly , seeing faults and virtues from both - i just see both sides as equally human , something i really do n't feel you do . 
  again sorry if you do n't like my saying that , but it 's not an attack . 
  just a statement of my opinion , derived from what you wrote .
