  how do you think peace can be brought about ? 
  israel ca n't exist in an orwellian perpetual state of conflict for ever and the palestinians are a fact that wo n't just fade away - i do n't think israel wants to slaughter them all or they would have made serious efforts in that direction and the world would n't stomach it either . 
  imo the world is losing its stomach for even the present stays quo and now actors such as iran and hezbollah are coming in from the cold due to isis and an increasing willingness to cooperate and compromise from both them and the world community israel is increasingly risking isolation from even its traditional supporters . 
  i am certain most israelis want peace and that peace is essential for israel 's medium to long term prospects for prosperity and maybe even survival . 
  an answer must be found . 
  the one state solution would be very difficult to implement , but is nonetheless perhaps the only practical solution available . 
  what else do you think could work ? 
  hamas and likud are both happy to extend the status quo indefinitely as that is where they derive their power , but surely neither the israeli people , the palestinians nor the rest of the world will tolerate the conflict with its attendant suffering and ripple effects throughout the region indefinitely ? 
  i agree with all you 're saying , but i want to hold onto some hope for a better future despite the massive obstacles still littering the path to such a future ... 
  russia and vietnam have concluded a military cooperation deal that includes the sale of advanced land attack cruise missiles for use by vietnam 's rapidly expanding fleet of advanced russian kilo class submarines . 
  this makes vietnam the first regional power to possess this capability . 
  china is obviously displeased by this development and has released briefings to the effect . 
  this article discusses elements of this situation . 
  i think what you 're saying sounds pretty reasonable and i like that you hold out hope for a solution . 
  i think we can all agree that there 's no silver bullet for this situation and that it is going to take a great deal of time , education , trust , goodwill , give & take and etc from both sides ... 
  security is obviously important for both sides too . 
  close - it is another bird straight out of the grumman `` ironworks '' , but a [ tbf avenger wearing rnzaf markings ] ( http://imgur.com/oaq7d0d ) rather than an f6f . 
  the avenger was absolutely beautiful to see flying , up there with the f4u corsairs for me ... 
  no worries !, 
  that cowling could only be a grumman , could n't it ? 
  it 's brutal , those people were savages . 
  designed as the ultimate bomber destroyer - apparently the me 262 was stable enough as a gun platform to handle the gun ... 
  only two prototypes were built through before the war ended and i 'm not sure if they ever saw action , but you can image what even one or two of those massive shells would have done to a b-17 or b-24 !, 
  i think you might be right : /, 
  happy to have done so . 
  they 're one of those `` unsung hero '' types to an extent , but they were actually very important !, 
  i do n't actually know , but i 'm sure it could n't have been very many ... hopefully someone else can tell us coz i 'd like to know too !, 
  i got the reference and tried to think of a witty reply referencing the lyrics , but it was late nighttime here and matching the song to a me 262 intelligently was beyond me ... 
  the ussr and china did actually come to blows along their shared border in the '60s or '70s iirc , although full blown war obviously did n't ensue . 
  vietnam has always been deeply mistrustful of china as much of their national identity is based around such figures as the truong sisters who led insurrections against the chinese - for centuries before the french , japanese or americans the nationalist battles of the vietnamese were against the chinese and their most recent battle was a border war in the '70s that the vietnamese ( hardened by decades of war against the french and us militaries ) won . 
  the chinese * have * reacted negatively to this development - i originally submitted a different article that was too editorialised for this sub that covered the chinese response in greater depth - but only in so far as they have issued sharply critical press releases , which supports your conclusion . 
  the triangle aspect is interesting - it was only very recently that the russian and chinese militaries conducted joint war games with naval and marine forces as well as chinese j-11s competing in the annual russian af bombing competition . 
  i think they are also perennially wary of china too and see vietnam as a long-time friend as ally - like all `` love triangles '' this one is complicated !, 
  ( excuse my levity please , i know this is a sub for serious discussion , but the term did seem to fit right there ! ), 
  jpost and times of israel are both thoroughly untrustworthy , right wing israeli media sources - could you please provide a source that is n't a known israeli propaganda channel ? 
  that idf apologists have no moral qualms about the deaths of civilians is telling in itself - when confronted with a un report they reply `` we do n't accept this because of course the un are just biased against israel '' , when the source is an israeli organisation they say '' * those * israelis ca n't be trusted , but our sources can '' , but in all cases they say `` the civilians deserve to die , it 's not the fault of the idf soldiers who killed them that they 're dead anyway - it 's all hamas 's fault '' . 
  the sheer cold-blooded lack of human empathy demonstrates exactly what type of people they truly are ... 
  that 's because the guardian are apparently, 
   very anti-israeli, 
  just like the un whose bias against israel means that their report about civilian casualties needs to be dismissed out of hand . 
  in fact any source that reports anything negative about israel , the idf or even benjamin fucking netanyahu only does so out of a deeply rooted anti-israeli bias ( often rooted in their innate anti-semitism ) and so the only sources we should even consider reading , let alone trusting are the jpost , times of israel , idfblog and of course the esteemed pro-israeli commenters in these threads - all of these are sources that only tell the truth unlike , say , the bbc . 
  i * think * foxnews is ok generally too , although not necessarily 109 % of the time . 
  what crap !, 
  yet what i just wrote above is literally what the shills want us to believe and complain bitterly if anyone dares to question any of it - witness the un report into civilian deaths last week or how the report of 100 civilian casualties vs 2000 isis fighters from us bombing on the weekend was treated by these israeli apologists ... 
  for linq programming have you seen [ linqpad ] ( https://www.linqpad.net/ ) ? 
  it 's a great tool for learning linq , trying out and testing linq expressions and just general use a lightweight c # scratchpad that lets you write little programs to check out how something will work or even to write quick little automation tasks in . 
  i use it a lot for all of the above . 
  i ca n't recommend it highly enough - it really is a great little tool . 
  it now has a built in debugger too as of the current version . 
  i bought licenses for every member of my team and we all use it a lot ... 
  edit : imo linq is one of . net 's killer features - i actually wrote a domain specific query language using the [ irony ebnf lexington and parsing toolkit ] ( http://irony.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=expression%20grammar%20sample&amp;referringtitle=home ) that takes simple domain specific query terms from users and compiles to linq expressions i can then execute against linq to nhibernate . 
  it makes for a great search feature for our systems ' users without stupid , ugly query forms . 
  this site looks really handy for those learning the intricacies of linq , which can seem difficult depending on how far along the learning curve you are . 
  anything that helps you learn how to get the most out of linq is valuable as the effort put into learning how to use it will repay itself hundreds of times over !, 
  good work op . 
  if you are going to work with asp.net i would emphasise that the mvc api is definitely the way to go rather than webforms , especially if you are coming from a php development background . 
  lol , yes because israelis have ardently opposed every action of netanyahu so far ... 
  jihadi john who features in the isis beheading videos * does * speak with a british accent because he 's from london ... 
  what ? 
  the article in question is literally from fox news . 
  switzerland - nazi cooperation , ditto sweden . 
  i 'm not who you replied to originally , i was just pointing out what they meant, 
  [ there is a specific program ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/megaphone_desktop_tool ) that covers many sites . 
  tax evasion from germany , letting some jews in for high fees during wwii - turning others away at the border ... 
  dammit , you got me !, 
  did nobody explain the facts of life to you properly ? 
  that 's a puppy . 
  and she 's just holding it , not pregnant with it . 
  you can tell us . 
  * we * wo n't act like you 're crazy ... 
  pretty ancient scandal , no wonder the daily mail are n't onto it, 
  i 'm sure there is an element of both - my interest was piqued by this due to much of the prior reportage having focussed on the resources aspect and not really gone into the defence side of it . 
  you only learned that today ? 
  man how have you coped with bottle shops until now ? 
  i thought this was / r/oldschoolcool and was about to jump up and down crying about how this picture * is not appropriate for / r/oldschoolcool * ... until i saw the siderbar ( as i prepared to quote it ! ), 
  and promptly felt like an arsehole !, 
  so i am sorry for being so quick to judge/slow to think op - this picture is perfectly appropriate for where you * did * post it !, 
  java and fast - there 's two words i never thought i 'd see in the same sentence !, 
  circassian women were amongst the most favoured ethnicities for the ottomans sultans ' harems and were known as [ circassian beauties ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circassian_beauties ) . 
  the whole region is still in turmoil today with ingushetia having being the setting of the fairly recent russo-georgian war , dagestan being amongst the most dangerous regions in the russian federation and the [ beslan school siege ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beslan_school_siege ) having taken place in nearby ossetia . 
  chechnya was obviously also the scene of the terrible wars fought there between the rf and chechen separatists . 
  sadly i think the ossetians are less likely to get an apology from the duma than the armenians are from the turkish parliament ... 
  someone was pulling a face when the wind changed direction !, 
  she should 've listened to her mother 's warnings ... 
  israel will be stoked - all of those weapons away from the syrian regime and their hezbollah , iranian allies !, 
  i wonder if the idf notice any of the defenders `` heading towards the israeli border '' if the isis advance slows ? 
  they 're old mine shafts , not chimneys under construction ... 
  the dwellings cooler because it 's underground - coober pedy is bloody hot . 
  they 're actually generally repurposed opal mine shafts , though some have been custom dug i believe . 
  i 'm in my thirties and collect diecast models - i feel the same reluctance to bring that up, 
  i in no way meant to sound dismissive of your comment and apologise if i gave that impression , 
  [ the january average is 36.3 c/97 .4 f and recorded december max 47.8 c/118 .5 f ( as we 're in the southern hemisphere that 's our summer ) ] ( http://www.weatherzone.com.au/climate/station.jsp?lt=site&amp;lc=16007 ) so your example temp is very much in the right range !, 
  i live in [ perth , western australia , where the summer temps are n't * quite * as ferocious ] ( http://www.weatherzone.com.au/climate/station.jsp?lt=site&amp;lc=9225 ) , but are n't * that * far off and can assure you that one certainly can notice a couple of extra degrees , particularly if those extra couple of degrees c !, 
  the advantages of the [ troglodyte lifestyle ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cave_dweller#modern_times ) that people in coober pedy have taken advantage of are n't limited to keeping cool during hot summer days , but also extend to the occasionally terribly cold desert nights too ... 
  edit : to directly answer your questions then i must first admit that i 've not been to coober pedy , but based on my experiences in wa i am certain that living thusly would certainly save power by reducing the inhabitants reliance on aircon/heating which must be massive in their above ground structures , but living in the old workings predates aircon ... 
  although your answer is interesting in itself i think op meant how do you feel when you see people openly discussing their own criminal activities , not criticising cops for * their * criminal ways ... 
  i imagine you 'd need a pretty thick skin to be a cop , but there seems to be more support for leos freedom to shoot black youth without consequences on reddit than hat ** r ** ed for cop tbh . 
  that 's what * they * want you to think ... 
  as an australian i feel i have less opportunity to be shot living where i do than i would in the us ; however , were i to be shot i would have more opportunity here to receive better healthcare without it driving me to bankruptcy despite my top level health insurance . 
  i certainly missed out on the opportunity to accumulate massive student loan debt , despite my years at uni and multiple qualifications gained too .
