  or they could be using it to transport israeli uxo , in a similar set of circumstances to that which blew up that family just the other day !, 
  as an israeli , taking * that * bus would be an even gutsier move - surely it would require travel via the sinai so not only would you have to face the hamas associated risks discussed above , but isis are having plenty of fun in the sinai right now too . 
  all in all - even assuming you were allowed to enter gaza without a battalion of idf infantry and perhaps a tank company to help assert the legitimacy of your desire to enter that little strip of beachside paradise - i would very strongly recommend you did n't even purchase a ticket for that route , let alone actually board the bus !, 
  nz should just use a much smaller copy of australia 's flag , but given a name that nobody can understand when spoken out loud if they want to accurately reflect their national culture . 
  i sincerely hope that his arrest takes place , although i am sure that netanyahu would refuse to enter the uk if it appeared at all likely . 
  he has never been accused of being a brave man , nor one who is willing to take personal responsibility for his actions . 
  ( indeed quite the opposite - who remembers the laughable charade of him attempting to present his servants ' quarters as his own home ? ), 
  which is why the eu should stop supporting the israeli occupation by paying for palestine 's costs and leave israel to either pay their own way or pick up the pieces following the intifada which would inevitably ensue !, 
  edit : what a surprise - downvotes , but no effective rebuttal of the correctness of what i 'm saying ... good work guys, 
  i guess even netanyahu is forced to bow to international pressure ( eg iran deal , eu peace brokering initiative ... ) . 
  of course the reported `` reactions '' in the article do n't tell us what the roe were/are - instead all we hear is the bewildered outrage of idf members who are now , justifiably or not ( we simply do n't know without actually knowing what the roe changes actually are ... ) , even more scared than they were before as their freedom to open fire against those they suspect of wanting to harm them would appear to have been restricted in some way ... 
  be nice to see the actual roe is all i 'm saying ... 
  israel * is * doing all it can to screw up the nuclear deal and even force an open conflict with iran . 
  you can kind of see why israel is seen as an `` extremist '' regime from an iranian perspective . 
  calling the regime zionist is merely an unvarnished statement of fact . 
  btw the actual quote in the article is not the link title 's, 
  but actually, 
   `` the zionist and extremist regime . '', 
  nice bit of editorialising op , subtle , but greatly changing the emphasis of what zarif said ... 
  what facts have i got wrong ? 
  when i wrote, 
   supporting the israeli occupation by paying for palestine 's costs, 
  your line, 
   the eu goes money directly to the p.a. 
  was * exactly * what i was referring to . 
  obviously the eu does n't give israel money directly to support the occupation . 
  that burden is shouldered by the usa . 
  surely were israel paying palestine 's bills instead of the eu ( given that the occupation renders the palestinian economy unable to pay its own way ... ) the israeli governance would be stricter , leading to the pa officials being unable to steal that percentage , or the money could be replaced with direct shipments of food , power , medical supplies and etc where possible leaving only government worker salaries to be supplied as cash ? 
  of course that * would * leave israel out of pocket , but were the eu to stop paying the pa 's bills , israel could refuse to do so either and simply accept the consequences whatever they might be . 
  ultimately those consequences would simply be the consequences of israel 's occupation so it would seem fair that israel , rather than the eu , either deals with them or pays the cost of avoiding them . 
   furthermore since the p.a. 
  frequently does not pay its bills and the ` world ' does not let israel cut off service in response ( unlike when the israelis ran things where individuals who did not pay their bells got cut off - just like the rest of the world ) , the p.a. 
  represents a significant expense for israel . 
   so israel is paying much of the p.a. 
  's bills . 
  i do n't dispute that , i 'm just saying why does n't israel pick up the rest of the bill then , relieving the eu of the burden and allowing them to stamp out the corruption at the same time ? 
  it 's because more than 50 % of the world 's population is below average intelligence , but the distribution is n't geographically normalised . 
   why on earth should they ? 
  does n't the israeli tax payer waste enough money on p.a. 
  corruption ? 
  it * is * an israeli occupation ... 
   why exactly should israel car if the eu is throwing it 's money away ? 
  without support for the pa another , more intense than any previous one , intifada is almost certain ... 
   why should they ? 
  the palestinians want self rule and have limited self rule right now - so the corruption is their problem . 
  it is not like israel would get any thanks for interfering in internal palestinian affairs . 
  * you * say the reason the israelis should n't pick up the bill is due to pa corruption . 
  ( hint : do at least * try * to keep your arguments internally consistent despite the cognitive dissonance that comes from attempting to defend a morally indefensible set of circumstances ... ), 
  often quite literally ... 
  having spent time in hospital i too think nurses are awesome . 
  i ca n't believe how hard they work and some of the things they have to do . 
  it must take a lot of heart to go with all the knowledge the job requires . 
   `` why on earth should they , waste more money on p.a. 
  corruption ? '', 
   grammar - it does a mind good !, 
  at the risk of coming across as a bit of a grammar netanyahu ( as i believe the popular idiom has become ) you insert an unnecessary comma that makes your sentence nonsensical and then bleat about grammar . 
  you are , however , of course correct about there only having been two intifada ( thus far ) - thanks for the correction . 
  with regards to cognitive dissonance i was referring more to your defence of a morally indefensible situation , that being the illegal colonial occupation of palestine - exactly as i stated earlier . 
  your repeated accusations of ad hominem attacks make you seem a bit like you have a bit of a victim complex , especially as you are just as guilty of critical sarcasm ( `` can you seriously not even get that right ? '' ), 
  as i am for my gentle pokes . 
  seriously , relax - i 'm taking the time to converse with you are n't i ? 
  how is talking about the vote manipulation in this sub either `` negging '' or a personal attack ? 
  they 're not * your * paid supporters , they just happen to sit on the same side of the fence ( well , `` security barrier '' ) as you , just as they are n't downvoting me * personally * , just my temerity for daring to question israeli government policy ... 
  ninja edit : love your non-ninja edit !, 
  you got rid of that awkward comma . 
  shame you have that little star and my record of it to tell the world the truth . 
  could have seen this coming ... 
  your original two questions were clauses within one comment , written in response to a single question of mine . 
  imo that inextricably links the `` two questions '' ; hence my question as to whether you were suffering cognitive dissonance . 
  do you genuinely believe that the israeli occupation of palestine and the treatment of the palestinians is 100 % a-ok , morally justifiable ? 
  that is the defence of a immoral situation i have clearly been referring to ... 
   your repeated claims without any explanations as to why it is immoral could be construed as a personal attack . 
  ( i do n't really care , i am just pointing this out ) . 
  you * seem * to care . 
  otherwise why the overly long response ? 
  you use the synonymic terms `` ad hominem '' once and `` personal attack '' once each in the same comment . 
  by the way , by saying that you `` choose '' to think i 'm just dumb and do n't know what cognitive dissonance means do you not realise you are guilty of ad hominem literally in the same sentence you indirectly accuse me of it ? 
  i apologise if you took, 
   keep trying though . 
  you 're doing ok , especially if english is n't your native language, 
  to be a backhanded compliment . 
  it was actually genuinely meant to be encouraging . 
  it 's such tendencies in your responses that made me wonder if you had a victim complex as well as the accusations of negging , ad hominem and etc. 
  as i ( clearly from having taken part in this extended conversation ) do not care about downvotes i do not see how my reference to the thoroughly exposed vote manipulation in / r/worldnews makes me any kind of victim ... 
   that may be your opinion , but it is not factually true . 
  so you would deny that `` both '' questions were clauses within the same comment and both in response to a single question ? 
  how is questioning the occupation not a `` real moral question '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  you see no moral issues at all ? 
  do you think that may have more to do with your ideological stance than the realities of the situation ? 
  see now i would see that as a cause of cognitive dissonance - the conscious pushing of a position that there is no moral issue combined with the subconscious awareness that palestinians are people just as much as israelis are and just as deserving of the right to define their own destiny rather than living under the heel of a colonial oppressor ... 
   you seem to be capable of recognizing your mistakes and learning , so i explained out of respect so that you would have further opportunity to learn . 
  your efforts to patronise me are amusing , but add little to your attempts to portray me as guilty of personal attacks where you are not !, 
   you need to work on that then , as you seem to have difficulty giving genuine compliments . 
  it was n't meant as a compliment , just an encouragement and in that it certainly seems to have been effective ... 
  anyway , amusing as all this is you have no managed to completely draw us away from the original topic of discussion ( a favoured tactic of pro-israeli commenters ) which is why the eu and not israel should pay for the pa 's upkeep during the israeli occupation ... 
  i did n't delete or remove anything . 
  i really do n't see how you deny that there is a single , overarching moral question that derives from your `` many thousands of smaller questions '' . 
  however , the fact that you can not see that there is such a moral question explains why you consider my interpretation of your moral certitude as, 
   an amazing work of projective fiction .
