  as i explained originally , in my first reply , i chose the word regime to describe the israeli government because of its oppressive behaviours in the wb and gaza . 
  this was my interpretation of the word as an english speaker , which a review of various definitions confirms is accurate . 
  you asked why the british government did not imo become a regime because it occupied iraq - i explained . 
  you * did * draw the comparison initially . 
  how was i supposed to respond other than by discussing my thoughts on the differences ? 
  i did in fact answer your question , you just did n't like the answer . 
  i also did n't say that i do n't think of regime as a pejorative - i said it 's not * unfairly * pejorative when applied to israel 's government . 
  i only write about bad things that israel does as and when these are reported , just as i write about the bad things other countries do as and when they are reported too . 
  when enumerating countries i criticise as well as ksa and etc i also mentioned writing about both my own country 's and other western nations ' governments - something you conveniently omitted . 
  you seem to think that nobody should look at israel 's behaviour and comment upon it . 
  why should israel be immune to such examination of and commentary upon its behaviour ? 
  i have no problem with anyone doing the same for australia - this is a subreddit for discussing world news after all and australia exists in the world , just as israel does . 
  how is that targeting israel unfairly ? 
  so i just had a look through your comment history quickly , but failed to spot * any * criticism of israel 's policies and actions in there . 
  indeed , much of your history seems to consist of you accusing people of being ill informed neo-colonialists , either as individuals or as members of the western nations you so resent for interfering in the israel-palestine conflict . 
  i never talked about `` civilising the israeli savages '' , but rather about expecting israel to honour the terms of treaties israel signed . 
  it 's not really that solid an argument you 've made , especially considering you have had to put so many words in my mouth to make it . 
  this entire conversation has been you attempting to delegitimise me because i dare to hold opinions about israel 's actions . 
  you may feel you 've succeeded and if so i 'm happy for you . 
  however , i will continue to form my own opinions and express them as and when i see fit . 
  if not toeing the israeli line makes me anti-israeli in your eyes then by all means please consider me anti-israeli . 
  if you do n't like it then perhaps try to avoid open discussion forums ? 
  this is absolutely ludicrous . 
  israel is gratuitously heaping insult upon injury . 
  not happy to merely break the family up and render nearly half of it stateless refugees , they now aim to evict those who managed to remain on the basis of some absurdist laws . 
  inhumane is a gross understatement . 
  ultimately i think this is the best deal israel 's going to get . 
  if there is any desire for peace the time has come to face up to the reality that this is the minimum the palestinians ( and the rest of the world ) will accept . 
  alternatively israel can carry on with its current behaviour , and deal with the resultant palestinian violence even as the world loses all sympathy for the israeli cause . 
  already the world is speaking up about israel 's actions in the wb and gaza increasingly often . 
  action will follow words - israel can not expect to act with impunity for ever in the face of both international law and opinion . 
  whether this plan is accepted now or some slight variation is after more years of suffering and death on both sides is up to israel . 
  what ? 
  whilst amusing , i really did n't get * anything * that made * any * sense from that entire comment . 
  totally not israel 's fault they were n't allowed to come back from holiday , but were made to become refugees instead ... by israel . 
  these particular people are first generation, 
  do you mean steve * irwin * ? 
  during wwii many nations manufactured and distributed amphetamines to their troops . 
  the germans favoured [ pervitin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/methamphetamine#history.2c_society.2c_and_culture ) brand methamphetamine , while the allies - after rigorous testing - decided amphetamine-sulphate , as seen here , had fewer negative side-effects and issued that instead . 
  japan , iirc , produced so much amphetamine ( for factory workers as well as troops ) that there were warehouses full of it which lasted for years after the war . 
  stimulants are still issued to military personnel to this day . 
  the zionists stopped their terrorism once they 'd achieved their political goals - why would the palestinians be any different ? 
  if anything it is the zionist playbook they 've learned from in the first place , guided by the shades of irgun and the stern gang . 
  also , have you listened to yourself ? 
  it sounds like you 're talking about training bloody dogs , not resolving a complex political dispute ... 
  edit : spelling, 
  why not both ? 
  nice pun in the last sentence , very subtle . 
  an action that has rightly been regarded as a war crime and over which legal action is ongoing to this day , both from us vietnam veterans and the people of vietnam . 
  ah israel , never stop comparing yourself to the worst things other countries do ... 
  they * would * love to , only israel do n't recognise no international law - got it ? 
  except the zionist terrorist organisations were absorbed into the idf long ago . 
  modern israelis regard those terrorists as heroes , sure , but they no longer * literally * support them ... 
  iirc it was istanbul kitchen , north perth . 
  you 're perfectly correct no doubt at all that not all israelis feel the same way - the same is true of any given issue . 
  however , it is telling that the most popular street name in israel is jabotinsky ... ( on mobile , but can provide link later if anyone doubts this ? ), 
  my job for sure !, 
  a turn out of about 2000 is the same as number as showed up to [ support elor azaria ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/tel-aviv-rally-for-hebron-shooter-draws-fewer-than-expected/ ) ( the medic charged for unlawfully killing the disarmed and subdued stab attacker in hebron ) - which is not * too * discouraging a straw poll of the political situation in israel all things considered , but is still a little concerning nonetheless . 
  at least these people * did * protest lieberman 's appointment , publicly demonstrating that support for the extreme right is far from universal among the israeli people . 
  pooper scooper is a rewarding career that allows you to work with dogs . 
  essentially it involves following them around and scooping up their poop . 
  although typically not very well paid in financial terms , you do get to play with dogs , and are allowed to keep all the poop you can scoop . 
  except the nz edition is accessed from the rear , not the top ... 
  well , this might whittle it down to one or two temp jobs , perhaps ... 
  don . 
  eenternational . 
  laws . 
  you got that ? 
  or you got some kind of fucken problem ? 
  fuck you , that 's when . 
  i feel the israeli politicians really should listen to their conflict management professionals on this one . 
  ultimately i think this is the best deal israel 's going to get . 
  if there is any desire for peace the time has come to face up to the reality that this is the minimum the palestinians ( and the rest of the world ) will accept . 
  alternatively israel can carry on with its current behaviour , and deal with the resultant palestinian violence even as the world loses all sympathy for the israeli cause . 
  already the world is speaking up about israel 's actions in the wb and gaza increasingly often . 
  action will follow words - israel can not expect to act with impunity for ever in the face of both international law and opinion . 
  whether this plan is accepted now or some slight variation is after more years of suffering and death on both sides is up to israel . 
  no , i did n't read the plan , just the article . 
  if the article is inaccurate then my thoughts were based on poor journalism . 
  nonetheless , much of what i wrote consists of opinions held independently of the article . 
  in talking about heeding the calls of israel 's security professionals , i refer not only to this report , but also gen. golan 's recent holocaust memorial day speech and the numerous previous commentary from former generals and security agency chiefs ( ie shin bet and mossad ) . 
  even if many of these particular officers ( the authors of this report ) are no longer active duty , the message from the israeli security forces leadership is consistently more moderate and less melodramatic than those of the polity ( who have effectively weaponised melodrama with the politics of fear propaganda the current , extreme right wing , regime has used so effectively to prolong its hold on power . ), 
  every time such individuals express such views i remark that they should be listened . 
  when talking about a `` deal '' , i referred of course to the arab peace initiative , which ( according to the article at least ) this report recommends accepting in principle . 
  * that * is the absolute minimum to which i refer ; the extra economic measures this report includes are all excellent ideas - without an economic future for the future palestinian state then a lasting peace is obviously significantly less tenable . 
  the link between opportunity of all kinds for palestinians and an end to violence is clear to me , and something i refer to when commenters who believe the violence will never end , no matter what , because `` something something cartoons something anti-semitism , genocide something something '' make claims that peace is impossible ; however , such measures are really just the cherry on top and it is those of arab peace initiative which are core . 
  it 's incredibly na\u00efve to even imagine anyone believing a two-state solution could magically materialise tomorrow , even if a deal was signed this minute . 
  realistically there will have to be a period of disarmament , deconfliction and reconstruction/construction of all of the elements of a functioning state . 
  israeli security concerns , on the other hand , are also entirely justified and would , i imagine , take some time to settle down following any agreement . 
  ideally this shakedown period would be overseen by international observers , who in an even more ideal world , would be empowered to intervene to some extent if necessary though i really do n't see that as very likely . 
  still , one can hope . 
  the first step must surely be agreeing to agree with gestures of good faith being made - eg settlement freeze and the other immediate actions recommended that the israeli state take ? 
  one side has to blink first : imo following this report 's recommendations would be an excellent way for tensions to begin to be reduced . 
  no shit - i had thought myself reasonably well travelled , but clearly i was wrong . 
  i have never even heard of anyone , anywhere in the world , serving coffee in any manner even remotely approximating this . 
  americans * always * seem to use `` insure '' in preference to `` ensure '' - i see it on here , in books and many other contexts too . 
  ok - describe that barcode * exactly * for us then mr smartypants . 
  i can pay people to tell me anything i want too , does n't make it true . 
  though , unlike most people , you * have * clearly developed your own grammatical system for the english language , so who am i to question your brilliance ? 
  [ both ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_industry ) ?
