  man , i have tried to tread the middle ground so many times , and grown weary of having it spat back in my face . 
  i have no doubt many israelis do n't think like the caricature above , but on reddit a lot of them sure seem to !, 
  i understand that a toxic vocal minority can drastically shift perception of any group , but everything i wrote above is cribbed from shit israelis/pro-israelis have said not just once , but many times - with the ** sole ** exception of `` the us government is notoriously antisemitic '' . 
  nothing else was made up parody ; the only parody is in how i stitched it together . 
  for the record ( and for the thousandth time ) i personally am 100 % supportive of israel 's right to peaceful self-determination and existence , but because i * also * support the same rights for the palestinians i am seen as somehow being anti-israeli . 
  any israeli who is willing to engage in a free and open , reasonable discussion about any of the issues involved will find a willing partner in me , but unfortunately my default position has become somewhat barbed after being heavily downvoted and abused for expressing what are generally pretty moderate positions . 
  it 's like most of you guys ( forgive me for assuming you 're an israeli if you 're not ) simply * can not * accept * any * dissent or criticism and it is incredibly unappealing . 
  one of the big things that provokes caricature such as you see above is the hypocrisy inherent in many of the pro-israeli views i read , hypocrisy to which the authors are not merely blind to , but wilfully so . 
  the facts are that there is no black and white right/wrong in the israel/palestine conflict ; neither side is perfect , nor is either evil . 
  both peoples are just people and both are equally deserving of decent lives . 
  why that is such a challenging view for israelis to accept , or even tolerate * i * can not understand . 
  * i * can handle people holding opinions that differ orthogonally from my own and still respect them , still try to seek common ground ; i can also accept that my opinions are just opinions and not necessarily entirely correct in every way too . 
  if people expect me to extend the courtesy of sharing my true opinions with them they can at least listen and not berate me whenever my views deviate from their own ... 
  otherwise they can simply enjoy my wit and humour , as exemplified above . 
  i can understand and empathise with all of that ; what 's harder to accept is the refusal to accept that any part of the situation has been brought about by the actions of israelis ( and before that the zionists ) and therefore that they bear any responsibility for the ongoing conflict . 
  i am actually about to go to sleep right now as it is after midnight here and i have to work tomorrow , but i will reply more fully in the morning if you 're interested in continuing the conversation . 
  nobody wants a return to daily bombings - either of busses and cafes in israel or gaza by f-16s . 
  the answer does n't lie in pointing fingers though , refusing to budge on any meaningful aspect of the conflict or ignoring the opinions of those who would offer support were doing so an option . 
  ( again that applies to both sides equally . ), 
  anyway , as i said , if you like i will reply again in the morning . 
  i guess restricted would be usn aircraft carriers when they used to allow people aboard during port stays , pre-gwot ; elite would probably be qantas 's excellent , award-winning first class lounge at sydney airport which i 've been lucky enough to enjoy the hospitality of a couple of times now while passing through syd and waiting for connexions . 
  that 's not quite accurate , though at 14m population istanbul is certainly the largest by a couple of orders of magnitude . 
  here are some of the other decent-sized ones ( with populations ) :, 
  - suez , egypt ( africa and asia ) -- 560,000, 
  - orenburg , russia ( europe and asia ) -- 550,000, 
  - magnitogorsk , russia ( europe and asia ) -- 400,000, 
  - atyrau , kazakhstan ( europe and asia ) -- 220,000, 
  - \u00c7anakkale , turkey ( europe and asia ) -- 140,000, 
  it was comforting to watch , in that it proves , among a section of the populace at least , that understanding of this ancient knowledge had n't been lost entirely , but still lives on . 
  they should all be charged , and if ( when ) found guilty get keel-hauled or something equally traditional and gruesome . 
  blair , cheney , bush , rumsfeld , barak : the whole gang . 
  it was their hubris which has led directly to 13 years of endless , pointless terror and war . 
  let them now face the consequences . 
  it 's a problem from both sides - many israelis seem to automatically * assume * any criticism of any aspect of israel , its politics or its actions in palestine is an existential assault on the very idea of israel and so go full nuclear ( even if that is n't how they feel , as described by u/nidarus ) , which then provokes more extreme statements from those attempting to talk about it . 
  i do read r/israel and agree that the discussion there is much more nuanced ; however , it can be quite an unfriendly place to those of us whose handles are recognised from here and does still host the worst , most virulently bigoted and unashamed defenders of the settlements ( eg the ever charming u/tayaravaknin - seriously , that guy does you guys more harm than good with his ridiculously one-eyed , cock-eyed views and interminable wall of text rants ... ) . 
  it 's a shame , because there are many things i admire about israel and its people , while my chief gripes are the settlements - and the bullying i see going on from people ( often american jews rather than israelis tbf ) leaping to `` defend israel '' . 
  ( if these guys want to seriously defend israel then why do n't they become `` lone soldiers '' and put their arse on the line instead of just bogging down the discussions here ? ), 
  i talk about the settlements , but have never once even thought that israel has no right to exist ; however , but that is how the crybully brigade paints my comments : which , understandably i feel , gets my back up and prompts me to write things just to pushback against the wall of shite the worst pro-israeli commenters push my way . 
  of course i understand israelis must feel exactly the same , and so here we are , stuck in this frustrating impasse . 
  there are many israelis with whom i have had both interesting , balanced discussions resulting in a mutual understanding ( if not total agreement , though that is perfectly ok - we do n't * have * to agree about everything after all ) and pointless slanging matches that i know i never intended to get into ( and suspect strongly the other party did n't either ) ... 
  it 's happened with you u/rufusthefirefly - at times we 've had great conversation , at others we 've been at each other 's throats . 
  i wish there was a `` silver bullet '' type answer , but fear that there simply is not . 
  all we can all do is just try to ~ ~ now ~ ~ not rise to the bait , as hard as that may be at times . 
  edit : wrong letter in final sentence changed the meaning , so had to be fixed ... 
  well , it does n't actually imply anything of the sort . 
  you might like to think it does , but really it does n't . 
  if anything a stabby rabbi is a rabbi who stabs things , not a stabber of rabbis !, 
  in any case , it actually refers to the [ sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) , an ancient jewish subsect of the zealots who were the world 's first organised terrorists and went around stabbing their political ( read religious ) opponents ( the maccabeans ) in public to cause terror - literal stabby rabbis . 
  it 's meant as a commentary on the cyclical nature of violence ; however , a lot of people have facile minds and assume the same kind of thing as you did , clearly lacking the interest in levantine history required to get the reference . 
  tbh , if i could change it i would , but i ca n't and having had it for so long ( well , well before the stabbing attacks began ) am loath to start afresh . 
  no offence intended , but if this was n't your first day on reddit you would most likely have seen me explain this before . 
  dude , look what happened below : we were having a conversation , perfectly civilly , yet someone felt the need to butt in and downvote my comment , presumably because i dared suggest israel shares responsibility for the conflict together with the palestinians ... 
  i do n't care about downvotes ( clearly , given how many heavily brigaded threads i have weighed into !, 
  ) ; what i * do * care about is the rude and unreasonable nature of such ideologues as will not accept * any * fault on israel 's side , or right on that of the palestinians . 
  i understand of course that rabbinical judaism emerged from the pharisees , not literally from the zealots and that accordingly the zealots/sicarii pre-date rabbis , so the `` literal '' should have been `` figurative '' , but honestly did n't expect you 'd know the difference . 
  ( i also just had a brain fart and typed maccabees when i meant pharisees ... ), 
  what i should have written , to be precise , is that the sicarii were men who studied and were highly knowledgeable of the torah , teaching their interpretation to others ( one definition of rabbi ) , who went around stabbing people ; ergo , figurative stabby rabbis . 
  you 're quite right about the sicarii not being the first people ever to apply terror as a weapon in political disputes ; however , they are widely recognised as one of the , perhaps * the * , organised groups who employed terror methodically in the sense we understand terrorism in today 's world . 
  ( obviously applying our understanding - especially of such a loaded and abused term as terrorism - is not entirely objective , but it 's just a username , not a doctoral thesis ! ), 
  i apologise for my underestimation of you . 
  please understand i have grown jaded by idiots attacking me on the basis of a username they pounce on and think they 're being clever by `` calling out '' . 
  your level of knowledge makes a refreshing change and i genuinely am sorry for being so dismissive . 
  the name * is * meant in good faith ; however , there is obviously a provocative element to its intent too , though one intended to provoke thought and not aggravation . 
  ( and certainly not provoke the actual stabbing of anyone at all ! ), 
  hopefully we will see each other around again and be able to start over so that interesting discussions may ensue , if you are willing to accept my apology of course . 
  ( with accompanying upvote because this is , after all , reddit . ), 
  yeah man , it 's not a bad idea . 
  i recently did take a bit of time out , but not as completely as perhaps i should . 
  i actually ( about 1/2 an hour ago ) just deleted a post i re-read and realised was unnecessarily provocative , doing so with consideration of our conversation in mind . 
  maybe another break , then joining in the discussions on r/israel for a while to reset israeli perceptions of my personal views might be the answer ... 
  i 've noticed that the discussion there is much less polarised and people far less tolerant of rampant bigotry from the israeli right ( perfectly understandably so ) than they are in the heat of these threads . 
  anyway , i appreciate your civility and will certainly continue to try to not react in a kneejerk fashion , even when deliberately provoked . 
  the thing is i know enough already to know when you 're bending the truth to fit your narrative and have long observed your very distasteful , absolute refusal to acknowledge the validity of any criticism of israel whatsoever . 
  ( you will occasionally pay lip-service to the notion that israel is not perfect , but never actually fail to challenge any and all commentary that you perceive as criticism , whether to objective eyes it is correct or even not actual criticism ... ), 
  others who are just learning the ins and outs of what is a very complex and ambiguous situation take what you write as objective truth , when in fact you , like the rest of us , are merely positing your interpretations and opinions , with facts cherry-picked to support your thoughts on the matter . 
  it really does incite a lot of people who were not necessarily anti-israeli into posting opinions that are more extreme than they otherwise would , hence my claim that you do more harm than good to your cause . 
  despite your anecdote , i have also seen you heavily downvoted in r/israel for expressing views the actual israelis there find hard to stomach too . 
  i do respect your knowledge of this subject , just not always how you apply it . 
  i 've given you a bit of crap recently , but i 'm going to leave it alone . 
  you 're just expressing your views , as i am mine . 
  there 's no need for me to go out of my way to criticise you , you 're quite right about that . 
  you may consider this an apology . 
  yep , it 's just going to keep rolling on ... 
  it 's very interesting , but you 're right about detachment being important . 
  i really do n't want to be part of the `` problem '' , i just want to have interesting discussions . 
  meh , let him . 
  it 's not a personal attack , but rather a critique of his posts and thus well within the rules . 
  what else are they going to shoot them with ? 
  seriously ? 
  poor little picked on americans , they suffer * so much bigotry and hate * !, 
  just so you know , nz is actually not in australia . 
  we 're relatively close , as in australia is closer to nz than anywhere else is , but they are their own distinct nation with their own cricket team , flag , language ( it is `` english '' , but not like any english you will ever have heard before ) and everything ... 
  but then cairns is closer to port moresby in png than it is to melbourne too . 
  australia is really close to lots of places in asia than nz is to anywhere is the key point , so while australia is nz 's closest neighbour , nz is not australia 's closest neighbour ... 
  thus , in this as all other things , australia beats nz hands down . 
  ( except rugby , but let 's not mention that ... ), 
  well , not exactly , but if that 's your view of things you 're entitled to it and i wo n't try to argue with you or change your mind . 
  tbh i do n't actually care what you think , your entire comment history consists of you spewing bullshit and , should i * try * to argue , you will obviously just drag the discussion down to that level then beat me with experience . 
  though , to be fair , even if that was n't the case i still would n't actually care what you think anyway ... 
  i thought americans like cats anyway ?
