  it is very important to monitor any hate crimes against any group as the first step towards prevention of further hate crimes , but reportage * must * be responsible , backed by well-checked facts and balanced . 
  anything else is simply fear-mongering , rabble-rousing and intrinsically suspect . 
  a hate-crime in and of itself in other words . 
  dear lord , never has this sub 's `` no commenting in linked threads '' rule been harder to adhere to . 
  luckily my intrinsic honesty and moral rectitude , as bestowed upon me by my snow nigger ancestry , has given me the strength to resist the temptation ; it really is n't worth being banned from all this fun over ... 
  yeah , i know it 's a lousy system , but he does have some say over who his political bedfellows are . 
  in fact , surely it 's actually worse that he chose to align himself with an * entire political party * that figures * this * guy 's got some great ideas than if he had been forced into picking one nutjob bigot to flesh out his coalition ? 
   i pretended it was so we could test the new eftpos machine ** bit ** really i just wanted a gingerbread person, 
  excuse me for asking , but as an australian who very much enjoys visiting nz this is interesting to me - when kiwis speak , as everyone knows , they use ` u ' instead of ` i ' ( eg the classic `` fush and chups '' ) . 
  here you appear to have used `` bit '' instead of `` but '' - is that because kiwis invert their spoken patterns of ` u ' for ` i ' with a written pattern of ` i ' for ` u ' in a compensatory mechanism , or was is a simple typo ? 
  articles about him , including this one , have made it very clear his views are regularly extreme , advocating expulsion of all palestinians from the occupied territories and israel . 
  personally , i think advocating mass ethnic cleansing is , if anything , perhaps a * more * worthy of censure than wanting segregation . 
  at least under apartheid the victims can stay in their homes . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  yet netanyahu has issued no statement either way . 
  silently condoning ? 
  one has to wonder ... 
  his ally , the leader of this guy 's party has advocated the ethnic cleansing of arabs from the occupied territories ; now he condemns his party member for racism . 
  change of heart or hypocrisy driven by political exigencies ? 
  again , one has to wonder . 
  you think so ? 
  i think that netanyahu including a party that regularly advocates expelling all native people from the wb , then saying literally nothing as one of that party very publicly advocates apartheid * within israel proper * is kind of significant . 
  asking if the party leader 's sudden expression of morals was a genuine change of heart or cynical , hypocritical political necessity was rhetorical . 
  it 's obvious what it was and it 's obvious that netanyahu 's silence is one of complicity . 
  the `` defence '' that he would n't have a majority without them is more of an indictment than a defence . 
  it clearly underscores that either he is more interested in power than peace ( given their fundamental extremism ) and , almost certainly , that he actually means it when he says `` no two state solution '' and not when he says `` i 'm open to negotiation '' . 
  these are not trivialities , it 's not some kind of game to try to catch the israeli regime out - these issues and the public positions taken on them very clearly reflect the regime 's underlying values and make an absolute mockery of their claims to be interested in negotiations or that they are not , despite all appearances , deeply , profoundly and intrinsically bigoted in their politics and personal beliefs from netanyahu down . 
  that 's pretty much the exact opposite of what the article itself states :, 
   smotrich has in the past referred to the need to separate from the palestinians, 
  and, 
   ben caspit , writing in the popular ma'ariv paper , said smotrich and his supporters were akin to `` judeo-nazis '' . 
   `` no , smotrich is not a nazi , but he is a jew who has come as close as possible to this questionable title , '' he wrote . 
   `` a hair 's breadth away . 
  he does not demand to set up concentration camps and to build gas chambers , but he does have a racist ideology . '', 
  you might be right and * everybody else quoted in the article wrong * about bennett , but it is interesting to note that his own [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naftali_bennett#israeli.e2.80.93palestinian_conflict ) states that his intention is , in fact , to offer `` citizenship or permanent residency '' . 
  bennett is , remember , the man who openly stated :, 
   palestinian terrorists should be shot and is quoted to have said `` i already killed lots of arabs in my life , and there is absolutely no problem with that . '', 
  he is also the man that even anti-bds israeli academics have called on the world to impose sanctions against because :, 
   bennett was chosen in particular as a target for proposed sanctions because of his work in opposing the 2010 settlement freeze while he was director of the yesha settlements council , actively supporting annexation of over 60 % of the west bank and `` pressing strongly for a policy of creeping annexation . '', 
  so when * he * publicly talks of annexation followed by maybe citizenship , but maybe pr whilst his political collaborators openly argue for expulsion even you can perhaps forgive the world 's cynicism over this expression of outrage at a racist comment , particularly given the current political climate in israel in which the right 's extremism is , finally , coming under question and debate is raging ... 
  pr is * very * different to citizenship , and a much more precarious status - people with pr would have very little actual protection against ultimate eviction and lack many of the privileges of citizenship including , perhaps most significantly , the right to vote . 
  annexation is also in and of itself absolutely illegal under the gc - if one takes a realistic look at jewish home 's * openly stated * policies the man is advocating a criminal act followed by an apartheid . 
  i honestly shudder to think about what they discuss in camera ... 
  palestinians are also native citizens of the wb and relative to the jews indisputably have far stronger ties to the land given the very minimal jewish presence in the area for the last 2000 + yrs compared to the overwhelming palestinian population , at least until the illegal settlements began bennett 's `` creeping annexation '' . 
  finally , netanyahu 's place in all this is exactly as i stated before , something i note you have had the common sense to not even attempt to challenge . 
  either you are very naive and believe every statement any ( right-wing israeli ) politician makes or you are being deliberately disingenuous and hoping that your own economies with the truth will help paper over the cracks in theirs ' . 
  unfortunately , as with kids ' drunken antics on facebook , politicians ' statements live forever on the internet and your dissimulations are very easy to pick apart . 
  oh boy , i hope they follow their new philosophy of evolutionary , rather than revolutionary , development and procurement ( as per the b-21 and f-x programs ) so it happens in a timely and affordable fashion . 
  i do n't mean updating or rebuilding a-10s , but using as much already developed technology as possible in whatever new design they build . 
  the cas mission is vital and applicable to all wars - from wwii , through korea , vietnam , iraq ( 1 & 2 ) and afghanistan to any future near-peer conflict that may ( hopefully not ) occur . 
  i also happen to personally love cas aircraft , from p-47s and typhoons of wwii , the iconic a-1 skyraider in vietnam and , of course , the a-10 itself . 
  i 'll be interested to see what they come out with . 
  apparently - though [ this was from wib ] ( http://warisboring.com/articles/the-pentagon-has-two-choices-for-light-attack-planes/ ) so take it with as large a pinch of salt as you feel necessary - the scorpion 's wing design is currently optmised for endurance rather than cas type manouevering . 
  however , i am sure that could be rectified . 
  it would also need a bunch of work done on defensive equipment and armour , but imo it would be a good candidate to be taken under consideration as a base platform to perform the type evolutionary design i mentioned above . 
  both mgm and , of course , fgm need to be consigned to the dark age they belong in . 
   why do n't you just abuse a term so much that it completely loses its meaning . 
  what , you mean like `` anti-semitism '' ? 
  your comment does n't even make any sense - there is no logical inconsistency between not wanting yet more of what should be palestine misappropriated by israel and understanding that the current situation in the occupied territories is apartheid , apartheid that this wall extension simply entrenches further by making the palestinians day-to-day lives yet more difficult to benefit israel and the illegal settlers . 
  how does that even imply , let alone express , their wanting to be israeli citizens ? 
  international laws do n't apply within * israel * ( unless they favour israel , of course ) . 
  no , statutes from a long-ended , temporary protectorate that existed only before israel 's creation are what apply there - especially when palestinians are concerned . 
  simple common sense really , is n't it ? 
  unless , of course , a more convenient law exists within israel 's own legal canon - * that * obviously trumps * anything and everything else on the face of the planet * !, 
  what ? 
  that comment does n't make any sense either . 
  it 's irrelevant whether * you * used the term - i was making reference to the most commonly accepted example of a word whose meaning has been so abused as to make it meaningless , not to your nonsense . 
  i note that you do n't bother to even try to argue that your op made sense . 
  at least you have that going for you . 
  how is it wrong to refer to an outside example , the example which - as i already stated - is literally * the * most commonly known in the english language ? 
  is it that when talking to you , only references to * exactly * what you said are allowed , rather than - as is usual - other aspects or examples of the concepts you are discussing ? 
  conversations with you must be very dull ( as well as being nigh on unintelligible ) . 
  what makes you such a special snowflake ? 
  that last sentence was pretty poor english too - yet again , it is really very hard to try to unpick your sentences and extrapolate their intended meaning ... 
  thank god for that . 
  thank you , come again . 
  wait - you monitor anti-semitism/criticism of israel via several subreddits you yourself mod . 
  is this linking of such subs to brigading then an admission of brigading on your part , given you exhibit the exact same behaviours as those anti-semites you quite rightly excoriate ? 
  you are certainly correct about it not being the moral majority who claim `` the protocols '' are genuine & etc ( such claims are pathetic , disgusting anti-semitic bigotry - nothing more nor less and not anti-israeli , let alone the legitimate moral outrage regarding certain actions of the israeli regime expressed as criticism thereof to which i refer ) ; however , it * is * the moral majority to whom you refer when discussing that post which received 2,350 points and 300 comments 3 days ago about the israeli connections contained within the panama papers , as it is they who upvoted the post past where pro-israeli redditors could suppress it . 
  it is much harder to brigade article posts than comment threads , hence the pro-israeli predominance in the comments as opposed to the not-always-inline-with-the-israeli-narrative article posts which gain so many points , relatively speaking . 
  those upvotes * are * the voice of the moral majority - most redditors just lurk , a minority up - or downvote any given post and fewer still actually comment or even vote in the comment threads . 
  thus comments are easy to manipulate whereas posts are harder . 
  this understanding is also supported by the fact that any story about any major terrorist outrage against israelis will also be upvoted . 
  the * moral * majority are capable of doing as i do and deciding whether to up - or downvote any given post based on its merit , not simply whether or not it makes israel look bad !, 
  ( as many pro-israeli redditors seem to . ), 
  i can honestly say i upvote pro-israel comments/posts when they are morally deserving and downvote anti-semitism - can you say the same about posts that include even indisputably valid criticisms of israeli actions ? 
  so yes , you may in fact be right that anti-semitic ( let 's not pull any punches here ) brigading does occur ; however , it does not account nearly as much as the views of the moral majority for the activity in this sub you argue it does in the op i replied to originally . 
   and this post was upvoted by the moral majority past where the pro-palestinian redditors could suppress it . 
  yes , that was one of my points . 
  i upvoted it , having no love for corruption from any source ... 
   but hey , keep pretending it only goes one way . 
  that 's fine by me . 
  i 'll be going now , but good talk ( or not , since you avoided the actual subject of the article fully to complain that no one brigades but da j00z ) . 
  wow , i got to the paragraph prior to this gem and thought that for once you and i were in accord - given i had already admitted my mistake and that anti-semitic brigades do , no doubt , also exist - but then you had to go a pull this crap about `` da j00z ' ... smh . 
  sad , very sad . 
  when have i attacked israel ? 
  i always make it very clear that i support israel and the israeli people . 
  to that extent i am fervently a zionist - i believe strongly in israel 's continued right to existence and self-determination . 
  i may on occasion take exception to some aspect of the present , right-wing extremist , regime 's actions , policies and propaganda machine or the actions of the idf , primarily in the wb in both cases ; however , that is scarcely attacking * israel * per se . 
  as far as my username goes , google `` sicarii '' if you want to know what it means .
