  clonazepam works for me . 
  obligatory your mum op, 
  poop . 
  i have a private nurse administer enemas . 
  pooping is just gross , but an enema is so much more pleasurable and hygienic . 
  you could learn to cook awesome curry . 
  curry makes the world a better place . 
  - anti-semitic bastard !, 
  - how * dare * he criticise israel like that ? 
  he must literally want every jewish person dead . 
  - as if he 'd know wtf he 's talking about . 
  just another liberal blinded to the evil that is palestine ... 
  source : / r/worldnews comments . 
  if the former * chief of mossad * can come out and make these statements against the current israeli government 's policies and its leader why do so many commenters on reddit get so many downvotes and replies similar to my tongue-in-cheek examples above for drawing similar conclusions ? 
  netanyahu is a madman , a psychopath and i hope for the sakes of both palestine * and * israel he and his regime are removed from power in the coming elections . 
  otherwise i fear greatly for the palestinian people , israel 's soul and world peace ... 
  that was all hogwash man , what about the apartheid state , the settlement expansion , the constant railing against iran to create a climate of fear he can manipulate , his refusal to compromise on anything , threats to the eu when they mention sanctions , threats of unilateral military action against iran , the blockade of gaza , the efforts to subvert the us political process . 
  he has n't negotiated in good faith , he regularly attacks foreign countries ( syria , lebanon , palestine ... ), 
  his political rhetoric is extremist ... 
  the list goes on !, 
  yep , each of those bullet points were copied and pasted from reddit comments that dared to criticise netanyahu 's policies , likud and in one case the weather on a single day of a redditor 's holiday in tel aviv !, 
  the comments in that thread are obviously highly distasteful ; however , given that the thread is about israeli lobbyists squeezing money out of the us government one can understand where the `` greedy '' , `` stingy '' and `` freeloaders '' comments come from , even though that does n't excuse the racist undertones . 
  the other thread linked to in which israelis advocate the genocide of palestinians is sadly a common theme in this sub too . 
  my advice is do n't buy into propaganda and racist filth from either side . 
  both are equally capable of spewing it forth . 
  instead make up your own mind on an issue by issue basis . 
  look for facts , like casualty figures , from independent sources if you 're interested in the issues . 
  i would recommend reading robert fisk 's books for in depth , independent reportage from an english journalist who has spent many years covering the region if you 're truly interested in learning more . 
  you obviously have n't read the book he 's referring to ... 
  classic example of confirmation bias - you 've never been called an anti-semite for an innocent , entirely non-racist comment and perhaps when you have seen others called it you 've agreed with the judgement ; either that or you 've just not noticed it . 
  on the other hand you 've noticed comments like mine because , like mine , they get upvoted by those who * have * seen/experienced it with an attendant shitstorm from pro-israeli commenters who ( as with so many facets of the israel/palestine discussion ) attempt to hijack the conversation and discredit any and all that dare to disagree with them . 
  in fact comments like yours are in that regard a similar response to calling someone an anti-semite for making any comment that disagrees with any israeli action or policy - a kneejerk reaction denying the validity of any criticism . 
  the number of upvotes , however , reflects the reality of many redditor 's experience , ie that comments with no racial animus * do * get dismissed as anti-semitic ... 
  so what you 're somewhat disingenuously saying is that complaining about being called an anti-semite is in fact itself anti-semitic ? 
  actually it 's comments like yours that are the strawman , designed to deny the validity of any who dare disagree with the rabidly pro-israel comments and dominate all discussion by diverting any questions about the righteousness of anything and everything israel 's government does ... 
  the number of upvotes that comments complaining about unjust accusations of anti-semitism do n't come from masses of anti-semites , but rather from those who have seen and/or experienced such unjust accusations voting to reflect their experiences . 
  edit : spelling, 
  it 's because you 're clearly a filthy anti-semite who wishes to personally murder every single jewish person in the world . 
  you just admitted it ffs !, 
   sweden giving palestine an embassy . 
  i said i did n't think it was a bad idea . 
  oh people try , but that usually results in an interminable argument as to what is and is n't anti-semitic , conducted with unecessarily aggressive and patronising sneers from the accuser ... 
  in this thread it was relevant because statements as made by * the ex-chief of mossad * are precisely the same type as those that would inevitably raise the shrill cries of anti-semitism were a redditor 's to express them . 
  stop being deliberately obtuse . 
  of course there were n't - it was n't a redditor , but rather a member of the israeli establishment , who made the comments . 
  that 's why it was ideal for illustrating and discussing how unpleasant the behaviour * on reddit * is . 
  edit : i 'm not getting into an interminable argument with you now . 
  you 're entitled to hold your bitter , misguided pov just as i 'm entitled to hold mine . 
  as i said , the upvotes illustrate the experience of redditors like myself who are n't on either `` side '' in general . 
  are you for real ? 
  you 're saying that israelis care more about money than whether or not they start a war ? 
  and that 's why netanyahu 's regime will continue unchallenged ? 
  the need for a military background is common in many fascistic states , not just israel . 
  so you think the role of the israeli pm is to, 
   pressure the world, 
  are the rest of the world incapable of making their own minds up , or is it that israel 's wants are simply paramount throughout the world ? 
  as you now state warmongering with iran is not a differential issue and also said that every party is promising to pander to the population 's avarice since, 
   the party that is expected to take care of it says they 'll sit with any coalition, 
  what then are the issues that will get netanyahu 's regime voted back in ( as you keep asserting is inevitable ) ? 
  i apologise if this sounds argumentative , but i am genuinely interested . 
  also i would like to hold out some hope that the entire population of israel is not solely concerned with greed and vindictiveness , but find little to encourage that hope in your posts so far ... 
  i bet the horse 's back is nice and warm for the cat too - a bit like how cats like to sit on warm car hoods !, 
  seriously ? 
  i can see that and i appreciate the detailed explanation . 
  i live in australia where we also pay considerably more for houses in relation to salary than the us to the point that it 's a real issue and can sympathise . 
  the main thing i still do n't get and hence find hard to empathise with is why it looks like netanyahu will get voted in again ? 
  if the economy is so terrible and he 's turning israel into a pariah state ( which is how it seems as an unbiased , but interested , western observer - i am not passing judgement with that statement ) then why is there still support for him ? 
  surely it 's worth giving someone like dagan ( for example ) a go despite his willingness to try to find a peaceful solution in palestine even at the cost of some making some concessions to achieve that goal ? 
  he seems aware of the severity of the iran issue to israelis and ca n't have become head of mossad by being soft !, 
  if the party that seems best positioned for economic reform will partner with him in a coalition what is netanyahu 's advantage ? 
  ooh , somebody who understands reddiquette ... 
  i wish more people understood this and did n't just downvote comments they disagree with or dislike . 
  shame you 're such a sanctimonious jerk about it . 
  i still upvoted your comment because it was relevant and added to the discussion , but wish people just * did * the reddiquette thing instead of either ignoring it or being self-righteous because they do do it !, 
  i disagree , i think the big problem is palestine . 
  israel had * a lot * of sympathy worldwide during their early years with young , non-jewish people going to work on kibbutz and a general sense of `` good on them '' when they were plucky little israel building a new country in the desert . 
  then they began throwing their weight around , sending assassination squads into other countries , building a nuclear arsenal and - most of all - bullying palestine ... 
  they chewed through all that sympathy ; now in western media they are treated relatively neutrally when behaving well , but as a pariah when they are bombing palestine , threatening the eu , attempting to manipulate foreign domestic politics and etc. . . 
  this has been quite well documented . 
  recent surveys in the uk tie - non-muslim - dislike of israel very closely to the situation in palestine . 
  i do n't buy that people do n't like israel per se , but rather that they sympathise with the palestinians . 
  maybe i 'm reading all the media i consume through the lens of my own opinions/feelings on the subject , but everyone i speak to personally whether in australia or europe ( i live in australia , but travel to and have friends throughout europe ) all share the same view too . 
  i did n't call israel fascist . 
  they are fascistic - as the post i replied to details - in that they are highly militarised and dominated by right-wing politics . 
  would you dispute either of those statements ? 
  hmm , google `` definition of fascism '' and you 'll get :, 
   an authoritarian and nationalistic right-wing system of government and social organisation . 
  militarism to the extent that israeli society is militarised ( as opposed to the u.s. say , which simply has a strong military ... ) is part of that authoritarian social organisation . 
  how are netanyahu 's regime/likud * not * right-wing and nationalistic ??? 
  please understand i am not comparing israel directly to hitler 's germany , mussolini 's italy or franco 's spain nor am i saying that israeli culture is inherently right-wing . 
  hence `` fascistic '' , not fascist . 
  indeed i am well aware of ben-gurion 's and the kibbutzim 's socialist leanings ; however how am i wrong in saying that israel ** today ** is fascistic ? 
  it 's not explicitly stated , but it is the implicit meaning behind your post . 
  that 's why i used the word disingenuous . 
  you did n't straight out call me anti-semitic . 
  a ) clearly i 'm not and b ) it would obviously be ridiculous to outright say it in context . 
  nonetheless that is is the subtext . 
  if you prefer something less nuanced that can not be attributed to personal interpretation , the point of your post is the same as the point of calling non-racist , but critical of israeli govt . / policy/actions comments anti-semitic ... 
  that is to invalidate the criticism and divert the discussion away from that criticism . 
  easy tiger ...
