  under that agreement the settling of belligerently occupied territories ( eg west bank , east jerusalem ) is absolutely illegal . 
  to legitimise the settlements will require a peace agreement at a bare minimum so these areas are no longer belligerently occupied !, 
  maybe there is no defined sovereignty as yet , that does n't mean there are no inhabitants and it certainly means israel does n't have legitimate claim/ownership either . 
  by talking about universal nation-free utopias and mexicans in the us you are introducing a classic whataboutism to accompany your strawman - when talking about arbitrary citizenship i ( as you well know ) was referring to arab israeli citizenship specifically and exclusively . 
  i refer to it as arbitrary because it is determined solely by whether the family left the area as instructed by the idf in '48 or '67 or braved the very real dangers of staying . 
  at that time the idf was enacting a political policy designed to exclude people based - * disgustingly * - on their ethnicity , later `` enshrined '' in the * israeli * `` citizenship laws '' ... 
  i think it is * you * that is angry . 
  it would explain your dissimulations , dismissive tones , attempts to patronise me , made-up arguments and the associated `` indignation '' . 
  you certainly betray your agenda when you discuss your skewed perception of what is and is n't covered by your concept of `` genetic rights '' . 
  i on the other hand am an entirely impartial , unbiased ( albeit definitely interested ) observer from a country that is in no way involved : even less so than the eu which effectively bears the financial burden of the illegal israeli occupation by funding the pa * whilst the pa prepares for nationhood * or the usa who funds the israeli regime . 
  given the past few days diplomatic events just how engaged with supporting israel both those govts . 
  remain moving forward remains to be seen ... 
  i understand that you will never agree with my reasoned opinions that reflect my wide readings from a large variety of media sources rather than just the right-wing controlled israeli/pro-israeli media you are quite clearly ( from your points and even language ) using to frame your `` arguments '' and that 's fine with me . 
  i grew bored of this conversation with its pathetic attempts to distort its direction after your first couple of replies ; as i 've said i was foolish to reply . 
  i did only for anybody else reading 's sake so that if they can see through your crap if they have n't been bombarded with sufficient self-serving , extreme right-wing propaganda and `` arguments '' like yours to have already internalised the lies and half-truths , the naked bigotry and political agendas such propaganda promulgates ... 
  i hope that answers all of your requests for clarification and examples ? 
  just to reiterate * my * own position : i hope to see a viable two-state solution emerge from which both nations may live in peace and equal prosperity as neighbours ... 
  i would love to see an end to violence and apartheid type policies , to religious extremism and nationalistic posturing . 
  no more hamas ( rockets and etc ) and no more likud ( settlements and f-16 strikes against civilians ) . 
  edit : the treatment of arabs based on ethnicity within the occupied territories is entirely relevant to my arguments and to your spurious one too under your own definition . 
  this is why i keep referring to logical fallacies . 
  do n't forget the [ drop bears ] ( http://australianmuseum.net.au/drop-bear ) - they actually [ target tourists ] ( http://www.australiangeographic.com.au/news/2013/03/drop-bears-target-tourists,-study-says/ ), 
  [ timur ( or tamerlane as he 's often called ) ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/timur ) was a conqueror matched only by alexander the great and genghis khan , yet many people have never even heard of him . 
  it 's nice to see a balanced , reasonable opinion heading up a comment thread from an article like this - an opinion that does n't preach hatred for either side . 
  dig the hate speech man - it 's far out !, 
  it 's very exciting to see the us finally taking a stance that will hopefully lead to a realistic peace process . 
  the world 's opinion does matter , much to the shock i 'm sure of pro-israeli-right-wing redditors ( usually jewish americans ) who less than two weeks ago were crowing that america would never cease its unreserved support for israel , meaning israel could carry on acting as they pleased in the occupied territories . 
  i wonder if they recognise the hubris of those opinions yet given the string of diplomatic events that have occurred in the past few days ? 
  that kind of attitude from either side 's advocates needs to end - people saying either side is entirely in the right/wrong , is innocent/guilty is incredibly counter-productive . 
  the problem , sad to say ( as obama notes ) of late has been largely the israeli intransigence that sabotaged the 2013 talks ( by constantly announcing new illegal settlements throughout the talks ) , broke the gazan ceasefire and thus started the last gazan assault ( by launching a missile into gaza to assassinate a hamas leader , provoking entirely predictable - though still not justifiable - hamas rocket launches in retaliation ) , the continued building of illegal settlements in the occupied territories and the appalling treatment of the inhabitants of those occupied territories ... 
  the current treatment of palestinians in the occupied territories is functionally apartheid . 
  the restrictions placed on palestinians ' movements , living conditions , economic conditions and that evil wall all need to be removed . 
  of course none of this justifies terrorism against israeli civilians ( just as individual terrorist acts do n't justify the bombing of civilians - it all works both ways !, 
  ) ; what it says is that a viable two-state solution is essential for both sides, 
  the truth of all of this has been obfuscated by israel 's government 's very effective propaganda and misinformation campaigns ; however , netanyahu revealed too much of his hand last week and the blinkers are coming off with world leaders including significantly the us pushing for fair , reasonable and equitable talks . 
  the best thing to come out of netanyahu 's reelection has been this diplomatic activity that will hopefully bring both sides to the negotiating table - with a level playing field ... 
  that will require concessions from both sides - just as the israelis will have to cease the activities i 've outlined above the palestinians will have to oust hamas , openly acknowledge the right of israel to exist in peace and give up some of their demands ( eg the right of return would seem to be unworkable now imo ... ) within reason . 
  both palestinians and israelis deserve to live in peace and prosperity , both sides need to acknowledge that truth !, 
  it was certainly a compliment - i too believe that the only way is the middle-way . 
  i 've read your whole set of comments itt . 
  and found them all very well informed and balanced - not something you see in this sub everyday . 
  good on you . 
  er , it was a joke ( martha stewart went to jail some years ago for financial crimes ... ), 
  diversion from the topic at hand is a classic tactic of the right-wing nutjob bigots you 'll find in this sub ... 
  i 'm not supporting the ayatollahs , but it 's encouraging that the president is so much better than his truly nasty predecessor ahmadinejad . 
  just as in israel or palestine the worst , most egregious actions of the regime can not be attributed to the mass of the population . 
  more change will be effected more rapidly with negotiations than with more antagonism and provocation . 
  it 's been antagonistic , provocative behaviours from both sides that have kept netanyahu and hamas in power while civilians on both sides live in fear . 
  the exact same dynamic works in any society and culture . 
  edit : took me too long trying to spell ahmadinejad ... 
  most of the communities in question are dry ; whilst social issues do exist in some , many years of experience have shown that substance abuse issues are exacerbated when families and groups are forced to move into town . 
  some of the remote communities in western australia are nothing like that - certain groups only just came in from nomadic life in the bush without any white contact a generation ago . 
  sure towns like you describe exist , but it 's not the whole story . 
  i 've met very traditional aboriginals from central australia who were great guys - a lot of self-respect and connection with their culture , just as i 've met aboriginal people you would trust as far as you would throw them ... 
  such an amazing set of cultures from timur himself to the mughals in india . 
  i really love the architecture , it 's amazing . 
  i love the story of timur 's grave being opened the day before hitler 's start of operation barbarossa with the inscription warning of an invader worse than him for whoever disturbed his grave and his being reinterred just before victory at stalingrad too ... 
  it really is amazing he is less well remembered . 
  itt : racists who 've never met an aboriginal in their life , but know everything about them , or at least enough to judge ... 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  i never meant to imply all jews , american or israeli , are right-wing - i know they 're not !, 
  i apologise for not making that clearer in my original comment . 
  i was referring to just two specific redditors , who surely are not a representative sample of the general population , but right-wing jerks mindlessly pushing an agenda . 
  yeah man , your comment was n't judgemental and made a good point about handout cultures . 
  there 's just a lot of people in this thread saying some pretty messed up stuff who have clearly got no idea about aboriginals , their culture or the issues they face . 
  it 's a complex problem that people itt are reducing to a bunch of stereotypes and secondhand horror stories ... 
  yeah , i never lived in alice , but i do know quite a few wa wangai and yamatji aboriginals who are really cool guys , very respectful of themselves and others , very in touch with their culture ... 
  i 've also had ratbag noongars in perth try to rob me that i have no time for so i do n't see this shit through rose-tinted glasses . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't fucked up things going on or i know more than a fraction of the whole story , but when half the comments are seppos talking about the stories their aussie roommate told them and passing judgement with shivers of voyeuristic pleasure then yeah , i think i can pass comment . 
  great britain is one of the most honourable nations in the world ; the innate british sense of decency and fair play will surely see this resolved in a moral and reasonable fashion . 
  where are you from exactly that you feel justified passing judgement on `` the west '' and our morals ? 
  for rouhani to make statements he must have the ayatollahs approval ; however , that ignores the whole point of what i was saying so let 's return from your rigidly didactic comment 's effort to divert the conversation away from the topic under discussion into a debate about the nuances of your parroted right-wing propaganda , ok ... ? 
  what i said was change - which i 'm sure you and i can both agree is very desirable and , more than that , absolutely necessary - in iran will be more likely to be better effected by openness and cooperation , encouraging the people of iran who are * not * down with the ayatollahs ' rigid , theocratic , oppressive regime to stir for change from below . 
  as i said if it was n't for the antagonism , threats and provocations from the israeli right then hamas would not be able to retain their oppressive hold on power ( that you so eloquently describe ) - this behaviour from likud is in hamas 's direct interests . 
  in the same way the same patterns of behaviour as enacted by hamas are how netanyahu got back into power despite only having 25 % of the vote . 
  likud and hamas share a symbiotic relationship whereby the fud each creates for the other 's population is directly what perpetuates their own power and influence . 
  it works the same way for the ayatollahs - whilst iran suffers as a pariah they can retain control of their restive populace , young persians aching for change in the same way as hamas/likud . 
  it 's time to break the cycle for the good of all ... 
  that 's not what a symbiotic relationship means - it means each needs the other to survive , that they feed each other . 
  so just as hamas 's terrorist infractions ensure support for likud amongst the israeli right due to the fear and anger they create , likud 's provocative continual announcements of new illegal settlements and further restrictions on the rights ( ie apartheid policies ) of west bank and gaza residents serve to reinforce hamas 's hold on the palestinians who are angered and oppressed by likud 's policies ... 
  they have no relationship as in organised cooperative activities and are certainly different from each other in political form and function ; nonetheless they feed off each other and prosper because the other exists ... 
  i do n't think your charges can be denied ; all governments can be hypocritical at times , saying one thing and doing another . 
  what i guess i meant was that * in this case * a few bad eggs behaved regrettably in the first place and then furthermore it appears that to their crimes were , to some extent , whitewashed . 
  in china i doubt there 'd have been an initial investigation , let alone any way of subsequently taking an * investigative body * to court . 
  indeed i doubt anybody who suffered at the hands of the military and survived would dare invoke the initial investigation , still less challenge its findings !, 
  i would suspect that to do so would be very , very risky indeed . 
  i quite agree ; however , i am hopeful that the recent rising diplomatic pressure from both the us and the eu will make the israelis realise international opinion does matter and that their position is not as unassailable as they have long thought . 
  i was referring to ** two ** specific , very right-wing redditors who both happened to be jewish americans . 
  i was n't making any kind of generalised statement so i 'm not saying jewish americans bad , i 'm literally talking about two redditors . 
  edit : as in my other reply , i apologise if i did n't make this clear enough in my original comment . 
  what quote are you referring to sorry ? 
  yep i grew up in the uk and do n't remember any anti-semitic sentiment , other than jokes about 1p coins and so on . 
  certainly no hatred in the general culture , although i am now aware there were nazi skinheads in the '80s too - my ( vague ) memories of skinheads are just of them hanging around shopping centres vomiting on each other ( literally my single clear memory of a skinhead is seeing one vomit down inside their friend 's jumper ! ), 
  there * is * no explanation : the meaning you extrapolated was never intended and simply does n't exist . 
  it is chimera conjured up by your imagination : i have explained this ad nauseum . 
  if you take any sentence out of context you can easily manipulate it to mean whatever you choose . 
  it 's a simple trick , much beloved of propagandists and what you have done . 
   you said that the palestinians have a claim to the land under international law , then later you acknowledged that no such borders have ever been established . 
  the palestinians * do * have a claim to the land under international law ; the initial law that established israel , the '49 armistice and the oslo accords for a start . 
  certainly the exact borders have yet to be established , but the claim is indisputable .
