  looks great , i think i might make something similar for dinner . 
  thanks for the inspiration . . 
  yeah , there are a couple of really funny lines as captions for the pictures . 
  i find it hilarious . 
  albeit in a slightly disturbing way . . 
  the ribs will have to wait for the weekend , but i can buy them tonight after work , and do the accompaniments tonight from stuff i already have in my fridge . . 
  i guess i should have made my plan clearer , though i do intend to have pinched the complete meal idea before the end of the weekend !, 
  without a doubt . 
  the entire business model is predatory in the extreme , and obviously people who can afford the loans do n't make the easiest prey . 
  i was actually offered a job developing software for a company that does this kind of thing , albeit for small businesses ; obviously i turned it down ( i mean obviously within the context of my opinion of the business model . . ) , but i am much happier now i see asic looking into these guys and hopefully severely restraining their ability to keep doing what they do . 
  it was one of these businesses that alan bond used to rebuild his fortune after his release from jail for corporate fraud , which to me kind of encapsulates the nature of this industry . 
  sure . 
  5 days `` send picture of ribs dinner '', 
  i have heard very mixed reports about skymesh , but your advice is good . 
  i only just connected with australiaonline about two weeks ago , and am on a month to month plan until i work out exactly who i want to stick with . 
  so far though i am still looking . . 
  impressive , but even more so if you had drunk all those glasses ' contents first . . 
  3am , the early bird catches the worm, 
  very cheap hookers ? 
  who the fuck would be looking at her * seams * ? 
  here 's the australian war memorial page about the drip rifle , which contains a good explanation of the system , and the circumstances surrounding its use : https://www.awm.gov.au/encyclopedia/gallipoli/drip_rifle/, 
  no , it would be a very dishonest parody of a reasonable argument . 
  the simple fact is that the palestinians are the primary native population , and they can not therefore `` steal '' the land as morally they absolutely inarguably hold the greatest claim to it . 
  of course there have always been a handful of jewish inhabitants whose rights ought also be respected equally ( albeit proportionally ) , but - outside israel proper , which does at least possess a fig-leaf of legality - the recent immigrants who comprise the bulk of the israeli population have no claim that exists outside of archaic laws discarded by civilised cultures in the aftermath of wwii , the bible , or the aforementioned delusion . 
  and that does not make for a compelling claim in any reasonable terms . 
   the immigrants purchase land , whereas arabs farmers were mostly not land owners . 
  when the immigrants goal is ethnic cleansing/seizing power to displace the previous inhabitants/colonisation that does not change the morality of things whatsoever . 
  the palestinians rights are derived from the fact they and their ancestors have continuously inhabited the land for at least a millennia , longer according to most genetic studies , and , had events in palestine followed the pattern of a normal transition from the protectorate as occurred all over the world when the colonial era drew to an end , they * should * have gained the sovereignty that the zionist ( terror ) campaign denied them . 
   i do n't think prohibiting israelis or palestinians from building homes is going to achieve anything , so i oppose prohibiting either . 
  i agree with you here , though i think it needs to be changed to `` neither jews nor palestinians being denied . . '' . 
  if the palestinians are ever to enjoy their inalienable natural human right to sovereignty and self-determination ( as israelis in israel now enjoy , and no doubt shall continue to enjoy ) it is essential that those who would annex what 's left of the putative palestinian state be inhibited from carrying out their diabolical plans . 
  the pa have stated jews may become palestinian citizens following a peace agreement if they want to live in the wb and i believe that is entirely reasonable , whereas denying people basic rights is not . 
  such a successful withdrawal was indeed a remarkable achievement . . 
  as much as anything else , yes . 
  bandwidth requirements are only going to increase , it 's an inexorable progression . 
  it 's called a tine , as in one tine is shorter than the rest . 
  one single example that is highly illustrative : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deir_yassin_massacre, 
  that 's two palestinians , out of how many millions under the heel of the israeli jackboot ? 
   palestinians already have it in jordan and gaza . 
  is this a joke ? 
  gaza is entirely under israeli control . 
  they are to help instrumention/measurement during recordings of tests . 
  call it george , george is a nice name . 
  just markings . 
  the earliest zionists seem to have been quite a mixed bag ideologically , with some seeking peaceful coexistence while others had armed conflict in mind from the start . 
  as it evolved , however , the zionist colonialist project was heavily predicated on the lie of `` a land without a people for a people without a land '' . 
  deir yassin and all the horrors that have occurred since are the natural progression from that original ideology of hatred and bigotry . 
  that 's not to say israel today is not a diverse society with members both normal and extremist , but - as a single example - the jewish home party ( which holds a significant proportion of senior cabinet roles ) is a religious narionalist party who carry that same ideology into the present . 
  all palestinians , except those who have settled overseas ( but including those in the refugee camps ) are under the jackboot . 
  palestine has always been inhabited , when the jews chose their path and went off to europe with the romans not everyone left . 
  gaza may have a government , but the limited power they exercise does not constitute sovereignty under any but the most sophistic of terms . 
  what i meant was the jews chose to revolt against rome , which would laughable if it were n't so tragic . 
  how can the gazans be said to have sovereignty when a malevolent ( at least as far as they are their rights are concerned ) foreign power interferes constantly in their affairs , with assassination and terror bombing being the usual methods of control ? 
  pakistan 's government has an alliance with usa and cooperates with them militarily on many levels , despite the points of difference . 
  idk who is who , though his rifle does n't look like us army issue ( is it a g36 ? 
  ) , unlike the guy to the left - the full attribution is just :, 
   army special forces and their nato allied counterparts conduct an air assault on a small compound , sept. 27 , 2016 , during brave warrior 2016/black swan at bakony combat training center , hungary . 
  the 3rd battalion , 501st aviation regiment , 1st armored division , combat aviation brigade , provided uh-60 black hawk support for the training mission . 
  the exercise brings nations together to enhance interoperability and strengthen allied relationships . 
  wow , that 's soooooo crazy !, 
  everything is at least 50 % discounted - what do you expect , that they start charging 1/2 cents , or advertise '' ** 47.9333 % price !!, 
   i know this is antecedent but i know one guy who wont hire his cousin to work for him because his cousin is here illegally . 
  ummm , that 's * anecdote * , right ? 
  unless you mean that 's what came before the election and associated wall , or something ? 
  let 's not forget the odor of ordure from the numerous dsses too . . 
  i guessed so , but thought i 'd check !, 
  simple pastas are very nice , i do n't think one needs to be poor to enjoy this !, 
  although i am from the same generation as you ( given what you said above ) and ca n't speak for people who are heaps younger , i think it 's a pretty safe bet to say it still looks incredibly futuristic to most people . . 
  look good , and i am sure the substitution would not have done any harm . 
  did you eat it for breakfast ? 
  i really like kedgeree , though i have n't had one for ages . 
  now you 've cooked it you should try any leftovers as breakfast . 
  traditional english food week sounds cool , what other themes do you do ? 
  ( i 'm guessing there are others . . ), 
  i love rotties , i used to have two and think they are the best dogs . 
  this is such a rottie face , they are actually really derpy dogs despite their reputations for being mean . . 
  these guys are indeed american . . 
  there is no longer a conflict in kosovo , just peace keeping forces and this must be a training exercise . 
  lol , scotland is 100 % a country and has been for a very , very long time . 
  are you for real ? 
  whether or not a country has un membership is far from the only way of defining a country , to the point that attempting to do so is pretty much nonsensical . 
  to help you out i am going to post the wikipedia article on `` country '' for you here ( next time i will post your comment to r/shitamericanssay so we can all laugh at you ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/country, 
  just in case you are * still * confused here is the article on `` countries within the uk '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/countries_of_the_united_kingdom, 
  scotland may not be an independent sovereign state , but it is certainly a country nonetheless . 
  sigh . 
  seems you ca n't read . 
  how the fuck are states of the us * countries * ? 
  is english perhaps not your native tongue ? 
  here is the *** first sentence *** of the second link ( provided in a vain effort to try to head off the * exact * type of stupidity you decided to go with ; lead a horse to water and all that i guess . . ) :, 
   the united kingdom ( uk ) comprises four countries : england , scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  clearly you are * extremely * confused/disturbed . 
  * i * am an individual , and in no way similar to a state nor a country . 
  neither am i scottish , if that was what you were trying to say . . 
  you are simply wrong , and pigheaded with it . 
  believe it or not the cia factbook is not the ultimate source of truth . 
  in future may i suggest you at least try engaging your brain before bashing away at that keyboard ; you may then avoid future embarrassing public tantrums . 
  that is much better , but i could n't find it on an approved host to post . . 
  wa , you ? 
  as you seem to have difficulties parsing text , here 's the first sentence of the accepted answer :, 
   scotland is a country , but not an independent country .
