  probably tourists mate ... 
  a lot of the christmas symbolism is actually derived from earlier pagan holidays which were coopted by the church to increase its appeal to the pagan peoples it wished to convert . 
  much comes from pagan tradition and ritual surrounding the winter solstice , which included the use of evergreen boughs and in this regard the christmas tree is adaptation of pagan tree worship . 
  decoration of the trees follows on from this , with some symbolism being descended from pagan roots , while other common decorations evolved independently as manufacturing techniques and fashion allowed/dictated . 
  germans played a large part in christmas decoration invention with baubles being first invented in lauscha in the late 1840s . 
  they started out being were fruit and nut shaped glass , then eventually evolved into the typical spherical shape we know today . 
  britain 's queen victoria then popularised them in the uk when she brought some from germany ; subsequently american retailer f.w. 
  woolworth ( yes , * the * woolworth ) made his fortune by importing baubles into the country from 1880 . 
  by 1890 , he was reportedly selling $ 25 million worth a year . 
  tinsel also originated in germany in the early 1600s but it was originally shredded silver , for which cheaper materials were substituted because fire smoke blackened the silver . 
  holly comes from the same source as mistletoe as their bright red berries made a sweet contrast to the mistletoe 's white . 
  the two were woven together to make holy boughs , which were blessed by the local priest , before being hung by the front door . 
  mistletoe also has pagan roots . 
  electric lights replaced candles due to insurance companies concerns about fires ( justified concerns i might add - when i was a kid , my friend and i lit some christmas candles too near a string of christmas cards one year , setting them on fire and i am quite sure we were neither the first people to make this mistake , nor the last . . ) ; lights per se are a fairly obvious decoration for northern winters where all is dark and lights make things look welcoming and cozy ( now i live in australia , where christmas is during summer so the impact is not so great ; however , the tradition persists because people just like lights i guess ) . 
  the massive illuminated displays that are now popular are simply another case of manufacturing technology enabling evolution : large electrically lit displays can be made for relatively cheap prices and new materials allow for the type of decorations we are now used to . 
  as is widely known , the way most of us see santa claus as a friendly , plump older man with a large white beard , comes from coca-cola advertising . 
  prior to the ads , santa was drawn in a variety of ways ( even as a scary elf ) , though he did already often wear red . 
  i believe it was , that is one of the areas rocket fires excel in as i understand it . 
  yeah , someone else mentioned saturnalia elsewhere itt , that one completely slipped my mind , but it 's bang on . 
  this is n't an issue that affects me personally , except in the sense it affects everyone in our society by proxy as it has for many years , but i agree 100 % . 
  it 's just fucked up , harm minimisation should n't play second fiddle to `` moral '' hysteria . 
  where 's the bloody * morality * in letting people die ? 
  leaders should , imo , have strong enough morals to stop people from getting hurt , even if more radical solutions ( eg legalisation , decriminalisation ) are too much for them to swallow politically . 
  this type of tactic was always a possibility both as an effort to cause a diversion of forces from the assault on mosul and even a fracturing of the ( always shaky ) alliance between iraq 's kurds , shias and sunnis . 
  i would n't be surprised at all if isis try the same kind of thing in shia areas too . 
  why is it necessary to keep shooting someone who is already incapacitated though ? 
  that 's what us `` norms '' do n't get . 
  \\ #justpsychopaththings is it ? 
   i would hardly call you normal . 
  please do explain . . 
  the thing with guns it that to hit something ( like someone on the ground , for example ) you have to actively point the gun at where they * are * . 
  not where they * were * . 
  so do you see the issue here ? 
  or are idf troops perhaps not considered competent enough to consciously aim , but have to be trained to just spray and pray , as it were , even in areas where civilians are everywhere ? 
  judging whether someone is truly incapacitated is , of course , not as easy as you are trying make it sound as though i implied . 
  however , a teenage girl armed with a knife , lying immobile on the ground at least 10m from the shooters may be judged to be practically incapacitated to all intents and purposes i think . . 
  by western standards , of course . 
  i thought i invited you to block me anyway ? 
  this is n't israel , it 's the internet and you ca n't shoot * me * you know ? 
  so , given that , coupled with the discomfort you have previously expressed at my willingness to question actions of the israeli state such as this , i think it would be better ( for your own mental state ) if you took me up on that offer . 
  edit : criticism of comment accepted and edited to resolve that issue . 
  ca n't watch this in australia either , though the still one sees until trying to press play gives a good indication of what its subjects are like . . 
  charming people , i 'm sure . 
  for americans at least . 
  my very first pet was a tabby called crumble . 
  she was a lovely cat , who moved from the uk to australia with our family and went on to live to twenty !, 
  so i may say with a certain degree of authority this little kitty looks like a crumble . 
  definitely the best approach , but given that is n't going to happen considering how many people regularly enjoy getting high and partying , surely it 's better that they know what they 're ingesting ? 
  i do n't take anything that could possibly need testing , or even * be * tested , with one of these kits , but i have enough friends who do ( that i know of , with even more people in my life no doubt partaking without my knowledge ) that imo simply saying `` just do n't do it '' is not as good an answer as making it as safe as possible . 
  except most people who take drugs are going to do so whether they 're tested or not , so i would argue that making the whole thing safer would actually result in fewer beds being required . . 
  drug abuse , by it 's very nature is not an entirely rational issue , and i doubt anyone who does n't take drugs out of fear of the dangers involved would begin taking them to excess just because it 's been made marginally safer . 
  it 's a great shot , good work on staging it !, 
  do n't give up all hope !, 
  one day you might r.e.m.ember . . 
  she kind of got caught up in that scene when it happened , but she was n't really punk , no . 
  gaye advert otoh most definitely was punk af . . 
  she 's still been writing under the nom de plume robert galbraith , with the cormoran ~ ~ t ~ ~ strike series of detective books . 
  i was never an hp fan , being a few years older than their main readership ( i read and enjoyed the first couple , but cbf reading them all . . ) , so when i say i enjoy the galbraith books , that 's not anything to do with her being the author of the hp series . 
  i enjoy detective books , and they are well crafted books within that genre . 
  not `` great literature '' , but certainly not rubbish . 
  i have read all published thus far in series and hope she writes more of them . 
  edit : bloody autocorrect - it is of course cormoran * not * cormorant . 
  he 's a detective , not a bird . . 
  it ought to be good between her writing and the beeb 's tv production standards . 
  i 'm forward to it . 
  the next book is apparently due next year too , after writing the comment above my interest was re-piqued and i had a quick google ( which is where i heard about the tv adaptation ) . 
  so hopefully just a few months and we 'll get another fix of cormoran and robin . . 
  seafire , is n't it ? 
  largest aircraft ever to fly from a carrier iirc , i think the whales were great planes too . 
  they flew so many different missions over the years too . 
  ( let 's not to forget it 's younger brother , the b-66 too . . ), 
  douglas had a great run of types from the a-26 , a-1 and so on through the skyhawk and skywarrior and then of course the mcdonnell douglas line is impeccable too . 
  would love to have seen a line of them like that . 
  i did n't know they had still been used in any capacity except serving as museum pieces since the '80s . 
  i hope some of the raytheon ones were preserved after retirement ? 
  exactly , it was a real strength when they had more hard power to follow through with , but after a couple of years of being smashed hopefully the best they can achieve are little stings like this seems to be . 
  i do n't think they can turn back the mosul offensive , no matter how many of these attacks the attempt ; however , that does n't mean all of a sudden they are n't dangerous or are just going to fold . 
  nice . 
  i 've seen photos of that before , but not the video . 
  at airshows i 've seen hercs do those khe sahn/sarajevo landings too , which show how the carrier technique would have worked . 
  i guess space must have been bloody tight on deck with a c-130 though even if the landings were n't so inherently fraught . . 
  nice shots of those vf-74 spooks too . . 
  the first f-35c fleet squadron is going to be usmc iirc . 
  if not the first , then the second . 
  it 's interesting seeing a lot of those vf-101 `` grim reapers '' f-35cs are marked marines rather than navy , there 's a photo of a vf-101 four-ship published recently in * combat aircraft * magazine where 3/4 are wearing marines with the reapers ' tail . . 
  one of the best fighters of the war full stop , was n't it ? 
  pretty much the equal of the late model spitfires , tempests , mustangs and jugs from what i have read . 
  the dora mated a bomber engine with the butcher bird 's excellent airframe to great effect , iirc how the development went . 
  it was certainly a brilliant fighter , but like so many of the luftwaffe 's best machines came too late to have any hope of making a meaningful impact . 
  much better , thanks !, 
  dammit , i 'm not normally dyslexic , honest ` guv !, 
  you 're perfectly correct , idk how that happened . . 
  the early aircraft used for ew were an interesting selection , though the same thing still holds true . 
  those are good pics , i had n't actually seen those before and was only vaguely aware of the eb-47 . . 
  another interesting early department of the navy ew bird imo was the skynight , used by the usmc in ` nam until the ea-6as replaced them . 
  the d-9 used a [ junkers jumo 213 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/junkers_jumo_213 ) , as was used in the junkers ju-188 , precisely because the daimler was needed for the me-109s - i had n't been sure , so i googled it . 
  it seems it was as i remembered . 
  they had time to keep moving in a deliberate fashion and were firing semi-automatically , with each trigger pull being spaced and very deliberate . 
  your scenario is possible , i guess , it just seems a bit of a stretch that reaches a little too far to effectively make the apologia fit the evidence we can see . 
  here 's what my username is referencing : the [ sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) .
