  could n't possibly taste * any * worse , could it ? 
   \\* story , \\* truman, 
  i have an american friend i was teasing about having to pledge allegiance to trump , who responded by saying she has n't had to pledge allegiance for many years , since hs . 
  i pointed out that trump would , no doubt , make everyone pledge allegiance to him ; when this story broke she was forced to recognise my prerecognisance as eerily accurate . 
  no doubt this is just the start of a massive patriotism circlejerk which will continue throughout his reign . 
  ` coz that 's how demagoguery has to work . . 
  if like the old-school aussie battlers , like , you know , ned kelly and that , had had your kind of attitude then where would this country be today mate ? 
  invaded by nz . 
  that 's where . . 
  shit , why you got to be all reasonable and shit ? 
  ca n't you see we 're having fun circlejerking here . 
  i mean , c'mon man , it 's no fun if you show self-awareness and even * admit to your own flaws * . . as you just did . . 
  that 's one interpretation . . 
  nah mate , you 're right . 
  i think your realistic self-appraisal sounded very reasonable , i was just having a laugh . . 
  well , she 's not very happy about the way shit 's going down over there ; tbh , i think she genuinely would like to split for a few years . . 
  idk , i make jokes about it as an outsider , but for actual americans it 's not a joke , so there 's somewhat of a mismatch going on in our interpretations of various events related to us politics . 
  i do n't mean to be mean , and hope i never give that impression to her , but as an outsider some of it is so ridiculous that joking genuinely seems like the most appropriate response . 
  so , cowardice not complicity is your argument ? 
  not according to international law it 's not . 
  international law 's not like religious law , where you can subvert it with sabbath modes and crap and that 's ok . 
  just coz israel makes excuses and engages in what israel 's regime considers clever sleights of hand re : the geneva convention and etc. . does n't mean that the wicked regime is any less wicked . 
  * trump * hands you mean , which are , i think it 's fair to assume , like everything else trump related , very popular in the lone star state . 
  damn . . 
  well , that 's just because the un is an antisemitic organisation that exist purely to unfairly criticise israel !, 
  what about the hamas ? 
  people care more about israelis who just want access to cheap housing ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ stolen ^ ^ ^ land than they do about blah blah blah . . 
  she also pulled the nuclear blackmail card during the early stages of the '73 yom kippur war . . 
  not the last time an israeli pm has made such threats either . 
  you need to read yesterday 's edition of the australian , or this article currently online : http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/alan-tudge-claims-labors-centrelink-debt-victims-did-owe-money/news-story/94f339427d94460d9b4f8127e919d1c1, 
  turns out many of the cases in the media * do * owe considerable sums , were actually identified by the manual system and put up to going to the media by labor . 
   as revealed in the australian , an assessment of 52 cases of people publicly claiming they were being harassed by centrelink with automated debt notices found that 18 people had in fact been identified under a manual system established by the former labor government . 
   of the remaining 34 cases subject to the new system , 60 per cent had been found to have been overpaid for failing to declare other sources of income . 
   a further 12 per cent who had been found to owe money had asked for a reassessment while the remaining number of aggrieved welfare recipients had not bothered to contact centrelink . 
  i expect it will hit other papers today , but the article was very credible . 
  makes you wonder how many of those `` telling their stories '' on here have been labor shills too . 
  edit : added quotes and link . 
  except at this point whom do we believe ? 
  i do n't dispute the system 's fucked and should be changed ; however , labor muddying the waters makes the whole thing that much more difficult to really understand/assess and therefore argue against . 
  the system is terrible , but by lying - and getting others to lie - about it , labor have done everyone affected a massive disservice . 
  no 455 sqn raaf for those who are interested . . 
  note the d-day stripes , worn to identify allied aircraft over the invasion battlefields to help prevent `` friendly fire '' incidents . 
  what , that does n't even make any sense . 
  would you mind please explaining how trump 's kids profiting from his trade policies relates in any way to speculative investment in detroit property ? 
  i recently picked up a bottle of one of the '93 glendro single casks , my first one from the series too , and am very happy with it . 
  it 's an oloroso too , but a butt not a puncheon . 
  donald ?? 
  edit - sorry , i mean : mr president ? 
  lol, 
  i think you are showing an admirably open mind by considering this issue , in contrast to those who either just keep their head firmly buried in the sand wrt ror or spit bile and venom every time it is mentioned . 
  i agree with your analysis , and would just like to add that the demographic issue nows seem to have shifted sufficiently to guarantee israel 's continued jewish character ( a matter of some concern to many as i understand matters ) . 
  the more moderate ideas - such as yours here - are discussed , the less room there is in the dialogue for bigots/ideologues/extremists / fundamentalists of any hue to spew their hate . 
  we just need to accept in today 's world , where alt-facts as propagated by the alt-right are equally valued as old-fashioned fact-facts , nothing is real and everything is possible - truly a brave new world . 
  cap can be both an anti-nazi *** and *** a true-blue , red-blooded and white-skinned patriot neo-nazi at once in this world . . 
  i used to be a mother and daughter rottie family 's human , and agree they are the best dogs ; so smart and loyal . 
  i think they should . 
  another clear cut example is the palestinian families who were chased from their homes by extreme-right-wing zionist terror organisations irgun and the stern gang during the zionist seizure of palestine in 1947 and who , to this day , still have the keys to the homes in cities such as jaffa that the vicious regimes which descended from irgun and the stern gang ( eg likud ) refuse to even let them return to , let alone reclaim . . 
  what are you accusing me of ? 
  i was just elaborating on your argument by providing another instance . 
  it involved polish jews aplenty ; i guess that 's what triggered my association of the two highly analogous events . 
  yep , in both instances i think they did - ethnic poles in poland and polish jews in palestine . . 
  not fat enough to be a `` real american '' . 
  also he can spell , apart , of course , from forgetting the `` u '' in `` neighbours '' . 
  honestly , i seriously doubt this guy is a seppo at all . 
  i went through similar crap with an ex . 
  told her to fuck off , but she came back . 
  ignored her , so she followed me around and harassed my friends and family . 
  in the end i just said to her `` could you please stop stalking me , it 's creepy and it 's starting to make me feel very uncomfortable '' . 
  she said `` i 'm not stalking you '' , but stopped all the bullshit . 
  try being direct if ghosting has n't worked and you 're easy for her to find ; it can work as it forces them to consider their actions . 
  of course this advice is offered without warranty and ymmv . 
  most beautiful thing i have ever seen . 
  nipples . 
  can be tricky , it took me ages to finally get the message across . . 
  good luck man . 
  a mix of clonazepam , lorazepam , diazepam taken together with catapres ( clonidine ) and cimetidine , washed down with scotch works for me . 
  why ? 
  what exactly were you expecting ? 
  you do realise that in las vegas the shit there is n't real , right ? 
  i was there a month ago and thought it was fantastic ; i 'm definitely going back . 
  fair enough , coming from australia ( where we 're lucky to enjoy pretty good public cleanliness in our cities ) i notice some european cities ' streets ' dirtiness too . 
  i did n't think rome was too bad myself ; however , i was there in winter when there are far fewer people than in the peak of the tourist season , and of course when the cold helps stop any rubbish from stinking to high heaven . 
  not wanting to visit vegas is something we have in common ( i went as a kid of about 13 , but really have zero desire to return ) , but the world would be terribly dull if everyone thought exactly the same way about everything . . 
  i would n't mind visiting nellis afb just outside the city to watch the usaf activity , and of course there is amazing countryside in the vicinity , but i am not a fan of casinos and lv seems to offer not much else in the city itself . 
  i really enjoyed rome , but ancient history ( history generally really in fact ) is one of my great interests so - in the case of rome - that 'd be enough in and of itself for me personally ; however , i also just enjoyed being there , thought the food was great and used rome as a base to visit naples too ( including pompeii ) all of which added to my enjoyment of my stay . 
  - * american tabloid * by james ellroy ( plus the other books in the trilogy ) ;, 
  - * flashman * by george macdonald fraser ( again , together with the other flashman books ) ;, 
  - * berlin noir * by philip kerr ( you guessed it , also the other bernie gunther novels ) ;, 
  - * the angel 's game * by carlos ruiz zaf\u00f3n ( and its sequel , plus no doubt the recently published , but as yet untranslated third book in the trilogy ) ;, 
  - * wolf hall * by hilary mantel ( plus sequel , * bring up the bodies * ) . 
  these are in no particular order , and i must say it was bloody hard . 
  i limited myself to fiction to be able to pick just five without * too * much trouble , and picked the first book from the series each is part of . 
  though i did n't go out of my way to only pick series , when the books i chose were part of a series i just went to the first in it ; turned out they were * all * in series : evidently i enjoy reading series . . 
  there is also an element of favourite author picked rather than books , with a number of the above listed writers also having written other books i have enjoyed greatly too , most notably ellroy and macdonald fraser . 
  finally , i have to admit , were i asked the same question tomorrow it is entirely possible i would come up with a very different list !, 
  not because these are n't always among my favourite books , but because there are so many others they are tied with !, 
  my first `` real '' watch was an oris , given to me by parents as my 21st birthday present , which i still love and wear it to this day ; in fact , i am wearing it right now as i type this . 
  other watches have come and gone ( the only one i regret not having kept being a nice sapphire face tag monaco i had , but later passed on ) , but that oris and the rolex explorer which form my currently tiny , two watch , collection are the constants . 
  i 'm sure you will only grow to appreciate this watch more with time . 
  enjoy it , i think it 's great .
