  oh , i 'm sorry - [ it seems that it was a naval missile , not gunfire ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/11/israel-clears-military-gaza-beach-children ) that targeted and killed the innocent children playing on the beach ... 
  smh . 
  talk about splitting hairs ... 
  netanyahu is an ideologue bigot who has surrounded himself with even more extremist political allies . 
  his goal is maintaining his own political power and enabling his ideological objectives - eg his admitted goal of preventing a two-state solution whilst he is in power , his ultra-zionist cronies ' ( think ofir akunis ) goals for the wb colonisation project and etc. 
  with $ 11m he is comfortable enough to be free to focus on his political goals and `` legacy '' from his time as israel 's dear leader . 
  i 'm sure that ( should he ever allow another individual to become israel 's pm ) he , like nearly every other former leader of nearly every country around the world , will be well rewarded with directorships of companies his policies helped upon retirement . 
  oh well , that changes * everything * , does n't it ? 
  if anything that 's worse - a drone operator does n't even have the fig leaf a gunboat crew could try on of being unsure of what they were targeting . 
  a drone operator has a very clear view of their victims when they decide to pull the trigger on them . 
  again you 're splitting hairs . 
  even in that crappy resolution youtube video of the feed you can clearly make out the troops ' weapons around the point where the overlaid text says something about troops arriving ( within the first minute of the video ) !, 
  you can also see the squad moving in a tactical manner . 
  kids playing football would be similarly obvious . 
  it 's doubtful that the military would post full resolution videos online as that is in itself valuable intelligence for enemy forces . 
  even supposing , as is reasonable , that the idf 's equipment is lower quality than the us drone that video is taken from , the idf drone operators would be perfectly capable of seeing that they were targeting kids , as your evidence quite clearly demonstrates . 
  remember as well that drone operators are trained to interpret imagery and as such would be far better at discerning what they were looking at than i am , even the idf 's conscripted teenagers . 
  if you have ever looked at satellite/aerial reconnaissance images it is hard as an untrained amateur to discern what you are looking at , until you see labels applied by professional intelligence analysts who - it being their job - are very skilled at picking out hidden military equipment and etc. 
  the same principle applies to drone operators . 
  well netanyahu 's policies * do * ensure millions remain living under the jackboot of a brutal occupation , with those who dare to protest getting shot under rules of engagement [ he has personally made increasingly relaxed , allowing the idf to employ grossly disproportionate force against unarmed civilians ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/25/israel-live-ammunition-measures ) . 
  i 'm glad we 're in agreement . 
  see , that was n't too hard , was it ? 
  please explain why , in your humble opinion , the breaking of a relatively minor law is such a major issue , whilst israel 's utter disdain for international law - as addressed by the posters in question - is acceptable ? 
  if the eu did n't pay for the pa then israel would actually have to take care of its own responsibilities and pay for the pa itself , as occupying powers are obligated to do ( hence israel 's provision of power to gaza and the wb - it 's not done from the goodness of israel 's heart , but because doing so is their legal responsibility ... ) . 
  is that what you want ? 
  for israel to pay its own way ? 
  somehow i doubt it , after all that runs entirely contrary to israeli sop , does n't it ? 
  the only other alternative is to not fund the pa. 
  if you think israel has security problems now imagine how bad things would get then . 
  there 'd be a full-blown intifada the moment the funds ran out !, 
  another reason for the aid is to bribe israel to * not * use its illegal nukes . 
  the military equipment that the us rushed to israel during the '73 yom kippur war to replace the huge amount of equipment lost in the initial stages of the war due to the idf 's hubristic over-confidence and arrogance was sent in response to israeli blackmail , [ consisting of an implied , but very clear , threat that israel would use their nukes and trigger a third-world war ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2003/10/06/opinion/the-last-nuclear-moment.html ) . 
  people like him have to argue based on semantics and other hair-splitting techniques because they have no better arguments to employ . 
  they 're just making the most of what they have , and with literally zero moral authority thanks to israel 's behaviour that is n't much . 
  semantics , strawmen , diversions into pointless dead-end arguments and whataboutisms are their only debating stock in trade . 
  just the other day u/tayaravaknin was literally trying to argue that in the wb apartheid state it 's the * israeli 's who are the `` blacks '' * and the * palestinians the oppressive `` whites '' * !, 
  edit - here is the relevant quote , in all its dubious glory :, 
   only difference is , south africa had whites imposing apartheid with 0 justification . 
  blacks had no control over the situation . 
  here , what you have is the blacks ( jews , in this case ) able to defend themselves from the apartheid state of white south africa ( palestine , in this case , which privileges islamic sharia law and where 63 % of palestinians support killing jewish civilians ) . 
  articles yes , because people click upvote or downvote and move on so you see the majority , mainstream opinions ( based on their view of the rights and wrongs of the event in question ) `` winning '' . 
  it 's in the comment threads where people commenting usually hold set opinions that the circlejerk he 's referring to occurs . 
  that 's fine and i 'm sure you 're right . 
  i just wanted to flesh out your comment to tone down its implication that organised crime in israel is all in the arabs ' hands for those people reading who had * no * other prior knowledge of israel 's organised crime issues . 
  well , that 's the point is n't it ? 
  netanyahu is `` demanding '' the removal of these posters , which he `` wo n't tolerate '' - a meddling in another country 's affairs which the commenter above me justifies by invoking the posters illegality ; however , israel refuses to acknowledge any foreign views on their flagrant disregard for * international laws * of far greater importance whatsoever , a stance he presumably ( almost entirely certainly ) endorses 100 % . 
  he has spammed this thread with the same argument at least five times i have noticed so clearly feels his is a decisive point . 
  my thoughts are simply how is it that he is such a passionate defender of this minor bylaw at the same time as being an ardent disregarder of much more serious laws ' breaches ? 
  that is why i asked for his opinion - the point is about his argument , not the situation per se ( either on the tube or in palestine ) . 
  i guess it 's his internal moral inconsistency ( otherwise known as hypocrisy ) that i am questioning . 
  if it turns out he is not just equally , but more passionately opposed to illegal settlement then his argument is not hypocritical and my question has a satisfactory answer . 
  however , as he has not deigned to respond , i guess we will have to infer the answer for ourselves as best we might . 
  they were on the beach ... 
  sure , agreed . 
  if you are referring to the assassins , they and their tactics were predated by nearly a thousand years by the [ sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) who operated about seven hundred years before muhammad and are held to be :, 
   the earliest forms of an assassination unit or cloak and daggers , predating the middle eastern assassins and japanese ninjas by centuries . 
  i personally would n't hold the us up as a bastion of enlightened law enforcement . 
  us leos kill more civilians than even the idf !, 
  i live in australia where the police rarely feel the need to shoot anyone , and certainly not kids throwing rocks . 
  the same is true in ( western ) europe where police do n't even respond to full-blown riots ( molotov cocktails and etc ) with deadly force . 
  oh , so not only are the idf so incompetent they ca n't tell the difference between kids with a soccer ball and armed belligerents , but now you claim they ca n't even tell the difference between kids playing soccer and a * fricking compound * ? 
  or do you think they mistook four kids playing soccer for a full-blown amphibious invasion force , something like d-day ? 
  i * am * an it guy and laugh in scorn at the very notion of any indian taking my jerb . 
  i guess i 'm lucky that i 'm in a senior role ( solution architect ) that ca n't be shipped offshore easily as it requires high-level business stakeholder interaction , but even the junior developers on my team have nothing to fear . 
  i have worked with many very smart and competent indian colleagues , but equally i have met many - usually `` consultants '' from big it multinationals - who ca n't tell their arse from their elbows . 
  i do n't think reddit has any anti-indian agenda , just that many indians on reddit are very nationalistic and perceive any comments that are not 100 % flattering as attacks . 
  here 's a tip : stop getting your saris in a bunch and the trolls wo n't get any fun out of that designated shitting street , poo in loo or whatever meme bullshit . 
  also as an astronaut would you really feel comfortable climbing into a space vehicle with a `` made in india '' sticker on it ? 
  shit , i would n't get in an indian built car !, 
  manufacturing quality is not one of india 's strong points !, 
  that exact combination is working out so well in the pak-fa sukhoi t-50 `` stealth '' fighter program !, 
  taking such levels of engineering skill to space is a brilliant idea . 
  simply brilliant . 
  meanwhile , in other news , israeli pm benjamin netanyahu claims palestinians entirely to blame for brutal nature of occupation . 
  answering a question with a question simply highlights the weakness inherent in your position . 
  the illegal posters should , imho , be taken down because they were illegally posted and presumably cover other , paid for , advertisements . 
  where did i say anything about putting up counter posters ? 
  i would be * very * opposed to that particular course of action . 
  the posters currently under discussion at least fulfill a useful social function of conveying accurate information , by definition counter posters to posters that convey a truthful message must contain lies . 
  that would be worse , imho . 
  now , do you also agree that israel should unilaterally withdraw from all illegal colonies in the wb ? 
  i did n't get any sense of being mocked tbh , i think you missed the mark with * that * comment too . 
  you did n't actually stay on topic at all in either comment , did you ? 
  instead , for the `` mocking '' one you made up some weird `` counter-poster '' argument and for the original comment you went off on a complete dead-end tangent !, 
  this article is about netanyahu 's `` refusal to tolerate '' these posters being displayed on the london underground , ie the meddling of a foreign leader in the internal affairs of another country . 
  you have spammed this thread repeatedly with your comment about the posters being illegal as if it contains some convincing , definitive argument , but it really is not nearly as clever as you seem to think . 
  why - if , as you say , the issue is the breaking of a very minor bylaw about flyposting , ie the exact legal equivalent of a band putting up a poster advertising a show they 're playing - does the pm of israel feel entitled to `` demand '' their removal ? 
  if , as you claim , the issue is one of legality both you and netanyahu would be very hypocritical to be supportive of the illegal ( under international law ) settlements , but outraged by the breaking of this minor , local law in another country . 
  that is why i asked you about your opinions on that matter ( the subject of the posters ) - to establish whether you are being hypocritical and obtuse or just had n't really thought your comment through very well . 
   iran kills far more people per capita than saudi arabia or any other country in the middle east . 
  surely israel * kills * more people per capita than any other me country ? 
  the israeli population is tiny , but the idf frequently bombs civilians and is very effective in its role . 
  if you mean * executes * then you may well be correct . 
  except palestinians of course . 
  or are they `` not a real nationality '' ^ ^ ^ tm in your opinion ? 
  ok well 2014 was the closest year i could find figures for . 
  israel killed  2,500 palestinian civilians for a population of 8,000,000 . 
  iran executed 289 people for a population of 81,000,000 . 
  it 's not even necessary to calculate the exact figures - just glance at those numbers and the conclusion is immediately very obvious . 
  ** israel killed ~ two orders of magnitude more people per capita than iran ** in 2014 .
