  scoop up all that sweet , stale-beer smelling karma , man !, 
  paid internet shill, 
  just got home to australia yesterday from ten days in nz . 
  had a great time as usual and saw lots of cool stuff . 
  started in aukland , but did n't stick around there - drove down to rotorua then stayed at taupo . 
  couple of nights in wellington before ferry to blenheim . 
  drove to wanaka , resting overnight in lincoln en route . 
  warbirds over wanaka and visited arrowtown again , then to christchurch via west coast ( fox and kumara ) and arthur 's pass . 
  one night in christchurch then plane out at 6am thursday - groan ... 
  everyone very friendly and lots of interesting activities and beautiful scenery enjoyed from start to finish . 
  food varied from ok to absolutely excellent ( must say your pies were a bit disappointing compared to real , aussie pies though ) . 
  ca n't wait to come back already . 
  i for one agree europe should simply formally merge with asia and adopt the eurabia moniker so many of our seppo overlords have long since identified as being appropriate for the continent . 
  many geographers agree the eurasian landmass is in reality a single continent in terms of its physical properties anyway and now the cultural differences that actually mark the demarcation point between the two continents are being so utterly erased , in terms of muslim asians from asia minor and south asia at least , one must join the americans in questioning the value in maintaining this increasingly artificial distinction . 
  it 's simple common sense really , so in that regard he could certainly be interpreted as being entirely correct . 
  the eurasian landmass * wo n't * be the old europe and asia much longer ( if europe 's collective dream comes to fruition , praise shakira - may hips be upon her ) , but rather the glorious new eurabia !, 
  exactly as the great seppo hive mind of reddit has long predicted !, 
  edit : spellin, 
  edit 2 : do we need '' / s '' at the end of the things we say in here now ? 
  i do hope not - i like this sub precisely because people `` got it '' without needing such obvious pointers . 
  i do hope this sub has n't attracted too many subscribers unburdened by our previously typical levels of intelligence and understanding of irony ... 
  it would be a shame if the `` you ca n't say that '' crowd has been subbing here !, 
  [ the white house ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.com.au/restaurant_review-g612500-d1498051-reviews-white_house_cafe_and_bar-wanaka_otago_region_south_island.html ) , in wanaka was , as it always is , excellent . 
  i 've been there a few times now and it 's one of my favourite restaurants anywhere . 
  they use all local , seasonal produce and boast an excellent local wine selection . 
  you could literally play pin the tail on the donkey with their menu and be certain of being served something amazing . 
  really good atmosphere and ambience too . 
  [ the matheson caf\u00e9 ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.com.au/restaurant_review-g609169-d909147-reviews-matheson_cafe-fox_glacier_westland_national_park_te_wahipounamu_west_coast_region_.html ) at lake matheson just outside fox was outstanding too - for both dinner and breakfast !, 
  i confidently assume their lunch would be just as good . 
  similar concept foodwise to the white house ( local , seasonal ingredients and wines ) in a beautiful setting looking straight over to mt cook through the glass side of the restaurant . 
  also just next to the lake matheson walks ' starting points , so at breakfast or lunch at least , you can enjoy a post-prandial stroll around the lake and get some photos of the lake surface mirror photos it 's famous for !, 
  finally i 'd include [ tuto bene ] ( http://www.tuttobene.co.nz/ ) in christchurch . 
  it 's not as sophisticated as the other two , nor set in such natural splendour as lake matheson , but the food is really very good , as is the service , and it 's got a fun ambience . 
  this was my second time there ( we just wanted a nice last meal , early because 6am flight , so , rather than trying somewhere new with extra hassle and chance of getting it wrong that entails , we went back to a place we knew was decent food ) and both times were equally good , two years apart . 
  almost everything we ate was good though - from the obligatory blue cod and chips or burgers at pubs to indian , pizza , other places similar to the white house and everything in between for dinner . 
  lunch was an equally eclectic mix and 9/10 it was at least `` not bad '' , usually better . 
  food in nz is good and pretty good value , especially compared to perth !, 
  yep , there 's no need for that murderers stuff . 
  on the other hand , * all * scousers being tea-leaves * is * something that should be widely publicised , purely as a psa for those who may be unaware of this fact !, 
  personally i feel that some of those stories are actually very positive to see being shared - they demonstrate that israelis are , to an extent , having an internal debate about some of the issues that typically lead to castigation from other nations . 
  most of the articles on the page when i looked at it originated from israeli , but many ask questions about the state of israeli society , which is a natural and healthy component of any free society 's dialogue amongst its citizens . 
  it certainly refutes the perception that some observers hold and some pro-israeli voices perpetuate of israel being a monolithic society that absolutely will not tolerate dissent from the gpo 's prescribed narrative !, 
  well , whatever corruption is going really , but academic corruption * is * particularly huge . 
  i remember seeing the outcome many years ago in australian university when some students from certain cultural backgrounds would struggle terribly with material they were supposed to already understand as a foundation for what was being taught in the classes i attended . 
  cheating in tests to get an artificially better mark does n't always do the cheaters as much of a favour as they seem to imagine it will , ha ha . 
  * issa not so bad eh , *, 
  should n't that be in the edumacational section ? 
  or an engineer building bridges for that matter ... 
  are you sure it 's not just the first trial * counterfeit * new # 1 being tested on the street ? 
  people have been having thirty , seventy and even hundred year wars quite often since ancient rome - i sincerely hope we 're not in the midst of one now with `` the war on terror '' , but i suspect we may well be whether we like it or not . 
  except we have to consider israeli nuclear weapons , not what 's in the us arsenal ... 
  so the question is really * do israel have an air-dropped nuke that will fit in the bay * ? 
  we do `` know '' they can handle the miniaturisation of nuclear devices , given that they have nuclear-tipped popeye slcms which , while not actually admitted to , have been widely reported on for over a decade now . 
  so , do they have the same warhead as a bomb that will fit in an f-35i ? 
  meanwhile , throughout its history , israel traditionally votes * its * terrorists in as pm - yitzhak shamir and menachem begin being the two most egregious examples . 
  meanwhile , the truly evil , literal fascist and pro-nazi terrorist leader , ze'ev jabotinsky , is lauded in israel for his `` achievements '' ( ie body counts ) to this day ... 
  these guys were all * leaders * of the modern world 's first terrorist groups - irgun and the stern gang ( aka lehi ) ; however , rank and file members were not forgotten , being integrated into the idf thanks to their extensive experience of killing palestinians . 
  as idf members they were , of course , paid by the israeli government in an indirect , but nonetheless indisputable , reward for their former terrorist acts of murder and mayhem . 
  claiming the palestinians do more to honour or reward their terrorists than israel has done is utterly ludicrous . 
  edit : i realise that clicking that downvote button as viciously as you can makes you feel better and that 's fine , but do n't let your delusions extend to believing that downvoting facts changes them ... 
  israel * has * initiated two unprovoked attacks on egypt when no declaration of war had been made during israel 's brief history you know - the attack in '53 that led to the suez crisis and the '67 six day war ( a long-planned war of territorial expansion ) ... 
  i 'm an ethnically anglo australian so can not answer for egyptians , let alone egyptian nationalists , but i * guess * that * might * have * something * to do with it ... 
  well , after most of them upped sticks and left for two whole millennia , the jewish nation - if not all individual jews - abrogated that connection , especially as no effort whatsoever was made to return until the first aaliyah . 
  so , when you look at the full history , jews really do have no right being there , if that `` right '' is based on this ridiculous notion of some intrinsic connection because mumble mumble bible mumble 4000 years ago mumble mumble , blah blah blah ... 
  that 's not to deny the validity of modern israel or its right to existence and ongoing self-determination , but it does make the colonialism aspect of what is happening in the wb * very * clear . 
  do you have a source for that quite frankly surprising `` jews predate palestinians by millennia '' claim ? 
  genetic studies , history and even the bible disagree . 
  the source of the `` palestinians are recent immigrants '' slander is almost invariably that awful * from time immemorial * book - a steaming pile of falsely drawn conclusions , made-up data , academic dishonesties and outright lies that has been thoroughly debunked . 
  i agree entirely with your conclusion - 100 % , unreservedly , enthusiastically even . 
  i even said so in my comment . 
  i am in fact firmly a zionist in that i believe in israel 's right to existence and self-determination - my only reservation is that * some * of the israeli regime 's actions and policies in palestine cause me a great deal of disquietude because , like you , i believe the palestinians deserve that same right to self-determination and sovereignty . 
  i have no argument with anyone who holds your expressed views . 
  in fact the only , tiny , nit-picking point i would make is that hebrew is * an * indigenous language , not * the * sole indigenous language , for the region and that one would have to go back roughly 3,000 years to the united kingdom of israel ( 1000bc-730bc ) , rather than 1,500 years , for it to be the dominant/state language in ancient palestine . 
  otherwise , however , you 're preaching to the choir . 
  i only take exception with those pro-israelis who refuse to acknowledge the palestinians as a people , something you quite clearly are not guilty of . 
  the article is not from a good source . 
  if you notice the figures are all taken , unquestioned , from the local jewish organisation without any cross-checking with official police ( or any other source 's ) statistics . 
  also , the inclusion of internet comments as `` incidents '' is , frankly , ridiculous . 
  what do they classify as an `` anti-semitic internet incident '' ? 
  are legitimate expressions of concern regarding israel 's illegal settlements classed as `` anti-semitism '' , in the same way as they are all too often in r/worldnews ? 
  whilst any anti-semitism is disgusting and indefensible , whipping up a climate of fear , uncertainty and doubt and provoking ethnic tensions by blaming recent muslim immigrants is far from admirable either . 
   `` my wife really is n't a racist '', 
  oh , good . 
  but then ... 
   `` it 's natural that my wife would n't want to lie next to someone whose baby son might want to murder my son , '' he added . 
  yep , it 's a well known fact that palestinian babies are all born armed to the teeth and imprinted with a desire to murder israelis . 
  is n't it ? 
  smh . 
  why is it that this guy only * just * drew censure from this incident ? 
  he seems to have enjoyed acceptance prior to this , being not only an mk , but a member of netanyahu 's ruling coalition !, 
  scarcely anywhere near `` the fringe '' as the article implies ... 
  on the other hand , balanced and unbiased sources such as the [ bbc report that anti-semitism in europe is actually falling except during periods when israel is actively attacking the occupied territories ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-28853221 ) ( using data from both official sources and ngos like the 100 % pro-jewish adl ) , whilst in the uk ( still geographically , culturally and politically part of europe last time i checked ) [ anti-semitic incidents fell by 22 % in 2015 ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/uk-anti-semitic-attacks-drop-22-percent-2015-423044 ) !, 
  contradictory data such as that presented by balanced , non-biased sources versus jewish organisations/israeli publications that generally rely on self-reported data ( as does this one ) must make one ask the question : cui bono ? 
  netanyahu has made clear his agenda of boosting israel 's population by encouraging more diaspora jews to make aaliyah ; in addition , the official israeli government response to the terror attacks in europe has very much been one of `` now you understand what we 're dealing with in palestine - muslims are just bad people . 
  join us ! '' . 
  reportage such as this * clearly * ties in with both of these agendas and as such is at least certainly worth close scrutiny . 
  i would not deny for a moment that amongst radicalised muslims there is a strong tendency towards anti-semitism in its most violent and despicable forms , nor that immigration from the me will certainly , unfortunately bring a number of such radicalised muslims into europe , to the possible detriment of individual jews living in europe . 
  however , i would question that multiple articles being posted about this genuinely reflects the situation on the ground in europe , particularly given the reports stating the opposite . 
  ** no ** anti-semitism is acceptable whatsoever , but is it * really * rising , let alone to the extent such reports as this ( dodgy methodology and all ) state ? 
  i would say no , it is not .
