  the raf gloster meteor was in service before the end of the war , although the me 262 was a better , more advanced design , and the first british jet actually flew before any german design did . 
  the germans did have amazing technology though , definitely . 
  they really stuffed up their procurement though ( as i mentioned ) which resulted in the luftwaffe not fielding new designs as early as they needed to keep pace with their opponents . 
  ( for example the me 262 itself was held up from entering service for over a year because hitler wanted it to be a bomber instead of a fighter and the main fighters at the end of the war were still the me 109 and fw 190 , basically because of mismanaged development and procurement , even as the allies fielded better and better aircraft year on year . ), 
   many israelis have had their illegal buildings demolished when a palestinian proved it was their property . 
  i was wondering if you could please supply a source for this claim ? 
   i agree settler violence is well documented, 
    indeed and it 's unfortunate . 
  the fortunate thing is israeli right wing violence is considered a fringe minority of even the `` settlers '' and is widely reviled among israeli society . 
  is that strictly true , given the fact that extreme right-wing settler party the jewish home is a cornerstone of netanyahu 's current regime despite their rhetoric openly calling for population segregation between jews and arabs in israel/palestine ( aka apartheid ) , mass ethnic cleansing via population transfer of all palestinians out of the wb ( called for by bennett , their leader ) and even extermination of the palestinians as people ( words of ayelet shaked , tjh mk and minister of justice in the netanyahu regime ! ) ? 
  the truth of your assertion is called into even further doubt by the mass rallies of support for the `` murderous medic '' - the religious nationalist idf troop currently awaiting trial on manslaughter charges for his cold-blooded murder of an unconscious palestinian alleged , though not proven in court due to his murder , to have been involved in a stabbing attack - which were attended by thousands of israelis baying for blood , bearing banners saying and chanting `` kill them [ arabs ] all '' . 
  if we examine israeli attitudes towards historical zionist terrorism the facts become even more disturbing , with a tribute to the vile king david hotel terrorist attack ( that killed 92 - more than hamas * ever * manages in one go ) being dedicated very recently , jabotinsky ( the evil irgun terrorist mastermind ) being the most popular street name in israel and stern gang/irgun terrorists having not only been voted into office as pm more than once , but still being celebrated to this day ( begin , shamir ) together with other notorious israeli war criminals ( eg ariel sharon - the man who responsible for the horrific sabra and shattila refugee camp massacres in which thousands died during israel 's invasion of lebanon ) . 
  so , please tell me again , how exactly * are * israeli attitudes morally superior to those of the palestinians ? 
  i say , is that an anti-semitic comment ? 
  how amusing . 
  ( btw , i 'm not actually jewish ... ), 
  you should n't let your pathetic insecurities show so clearly , friend . 
  edit : just to be clear , i do n't really find his bigotry amusing , just pathetic . 
  fuck him and any other racist cunt who thinks comments like his are acceptable . 
  there were unguided air-to-air rockets , but no guided missiles . 
  there was a german sam in development which was guided , but it never made it into service by war 's end . 
  yep , the uses i know of were all germans firing into massed formations of allied heavy bombers ( though they may have been used in other circumstances i just do n't know about - during the vietnam war at least one usn a-4 skyhawk managed to shoot down a north vietnamese mig-17 with an unguided air-to-ground 5 '' rocket !, 
  is this guy jewish-israeli ? 
  i 'm guessing he must be as his palestinicity was n't mentioned . 
  it 's quite disturbing just how violent the israeli right is becoming ; i wonder at what point the regime will realise it has a problem with these religious nationalists looming and really start cracking down on them , or are such views as the jewish home propagates already too mainstream ? 
  so many people these days - not just millennials - are so caught up in consumerism that they really can have no idea of your meaning . 
  not only is such a heavy focus on material rubbish over other moral values and even social responsibility an unhealthy trend , it also seems to blind those affected to the importance of saving over spending ( wasting ... ) their money on crap . 
  that 's what i think anyway . 
  i 'm from australia - how is what i wrote biased towards australia ? 
  he asked during the war , which is a very broad topic . 
  ultimately the state of play at the end of the war reflected how well managed each air force 's development and doctrine had been throughout , hence that was the point i chose for direct comparison . 
  i did still talk about events leading up to the war 's conclusion , but when it came down to it i was aiming to give him a concise answer , not a complete , encyclopedic analysis . 
  it was a reddit comment , not a book , after all . 
  the a-10 thunderbolt ii borrows the geodesic structure the wellington used for parts of its airframe due to the inherent strength of that design so it can better survive aaa operating at low level . 
  you 're perfectly correct about the german jet flying first - i did not recall correctly !, 
  the uk 's frank whittle designed the jet engine and wrote an early paper on the theory of it , but the germans were first in the air . 
  however , the meteor was in production before the me 262 . 
  of all the jets mentioned , personally i best like the ar 234 bomber - very cool looking and impressive machine imo . 
  the germans actually had a couple that saw combat in the war 's dying days , including the me 262 fighter and ar 234 reconnaissance/bomber . 
  they also had a couple of oddities like the heinkel he-162 `` people 's fighter '' and me 163 rocket powered , glide descent interceptor too !, 
  the raf 's meteor was in service by the end of the war , as was iirc - just - the us p-80 shooting star . 
  great quote !, 
  i had n't read that before . 
  the mosquito was a brilliant aircraft - fast , manoeuvrable , tough , long-ranged and used very successfully in the fighter , bomber , photo recon , maritime patrol and night fighter roles !, 
  it 's nickname - the wooden wonder - was well-earned indeed . 
  lovely looking plane too . 
  the usaaf wanted them as night fighters and organised a fly-off between the mosquito and their own p-61 black widow which the british deliberately bungled and `` lost '' because they did n't want to have to surrender any of their production capacity to the usaaf 's needs ... 
  me 262 was swept wing - a massive advance in aerodynamics over straight wing designs like the meteor or p-80 . 
  agree entirely re : german procurement ( that 's what i meant by production ) . 
  speer certainly carries a big part of that can , but the problem was rooted in german war planning which generally failed the luftwaffe . 
  they just did n't devote the resources to development of new types in a short sighted failure to appreciate what they were up against , stupidly believing the war would be over before new designs were needed . 
  speer actually did ok in terms of ramping up production of the existing types they had - despite the destruction wrought by bomber command and the 8th air force german fighter production was greater at the end of the war than any other time !, 
  that was thanks to some clever manufacturing dispersal amongst other techniques . 
  their biggest problem was a lack of combat hardened pilots by the end . 
  their aces kept flying combat instead of training and new pilots came out with very low hours , in outdated 109s and 190s to just get mown down by the experienced allied pilots ... 
  usaaf = us ** army ** air force . 
  usaf came post-war . 
  [ wow , what a story ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_allen_ward ) - those handholds ripped in the fabric for his wing crawl . 
  just incredible ... 
  sorry , yes . 
  just reread your comment and realised i initially replied poorly . 
  you 're quite right , speer 's * consolidation of production * was a big part of the same issue as i just tautologised below ... 
  i was n't disagreeing , but did belabour reitering what you were already talking about . 
  i do n't know to be honest . 
  not been fully inducted into the knowledge , you know ? 
  you have to guess organ harvesting though , do n't you ? 
  idk . 
  read the small print on your birth certificate . 
  [ i 'm pretty sure it was u.s. army air forces - usaaf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_army_air_forces ) , but yes it was still part of the army , not its own branch . 
  well fuck you . 
  `` burn , jew '' is n't really a joke as such , is it ? 
  check the guy 's comment history . 
  he 's some kind of fuckhead . 
  is it though ? 
  what happens to those fas kids ? 
  they ca n't just slot into jobs , let alone organise haircuts . 
  i bet a bunch of them do end up as ferals . 
  i could have made those points clearer , but was trying to keep it brief , so thanks for providing the detail for others . 
  i did mean the invader rather than the marauder though , i just get confused as to when its designation is a-26 vs b-26 ( it changed a number of times through the aircrafts long life and many wars ... ) . 
  i think wwii was a-26 though , precisely to avoid the marauder/invader confusion . 
  korea it was b-26 and vietnam sometimes a - and other times b - , depending mainly on the politics of where it was based . 
  a very quick google turned [ this up ] ( https://theconversation.com/how-syria-is-becoming-a-test-bed-for-high-tech-weapons-of-electronic-warfare-48779 ) , which seems reasonable to me . 
  the raaf 's 2 sq also operated canberra bombers from phan rang during vietnam under the callsign `` magpie '' . 
  they too were noted for their accuracy and much in demand as a result , with the squadron earning a us presidential unit citation for their time in theatre . 
  my boss ( who just sold the business to a multinational ) was getting really hurt by the previous `` small business '' cap - we are an engineering company working with/on-selling systems that are very expensive , so the company 's turnover was well above $ 2m , but the company itself was privately owned and funded and employed less than twenty people . 
  it * was * a small business , but was not being taxed as such . 
  i think this is a positive move as many other companies must be in the exact same position . 
  yeah , electronic dance music was n't invented by black people or anything , was it ? 
  smh . 
  for those who * do n't * know , house music started in chicago ( with all black artists ) around ' 84 , with techno coming out of detroit in '87 ( again , led by black musicians ) and where the fuck , if not london 's west indian community , do people think d' n ` b , dubstep and etc originated ? 
  it 's only american `` raves '' which are all white , lol . 
  i looked and they 're not on reddit . 
  they just have an imgur account , that 's what their cake day was for . 
  it was interesting to see in the wild . 
  i had heard of people just using imgur , but never considered what it might be like . 
  kind of like reddit without sub-threading and if the only submissions allowed were pictures it turns out . 
  1992 , wow . 
  only ever phrased as a homework question they need help with from their cool , much more intelligent , older friends/relatives . 
  except for the on-the-spot-death-penalties the idf are handing out these days , of course . 
  as personified by the truly evil elor azaria .
