  or is it where i conclude that a two-state solution is better than this plan or a single-state solution ? 
  maybe you think no solution is the way to go , until the creeping annexation has proceeded far enough to make a solution moot ? 
  i 'm sorry , but what have i written that you consider `` blindly bigoted '' ? 
  in my first reply i merely elaborated on * your * argument ; in my next i again agreed with your conclusions about the plan . 
  i must admit i brushed off your bizarre examples of `` things the evil palestinians would do '' , but surely they were intended as hyperbolic caricatures rather than serious discussion points ? 
  i challenged * your * attitude towards the un , but even then i only attributed the slander you repeated to the israeli right - not even all israelis . 
  subsequently i acknowledge faults on both sides before finishing by expressing my hope for a two-state solution . 
  i did n't even criticise israel , so how exactly am i `` blindly bigoted '' ? 
  the definition of bigot is * not * someone who does n't agree with * everything * you think . 
  or is `` faults on both sides '' anti-semitic in the context of the occupation , illegal colonialism and violence committed by both sides as far as you 're concerned ? 
  you did n't actually suggest a saudi billionaire doing the same as you first raised the spectre of adelson doing though , did you ? 
  you repeatedly talked about * millions * of random assorted arabs being `` imported '' in a couple of different scenarios which were certainly ridiculous in comparison . 
  had you mooted an arab billionaire manipulating the population of jerusalem i would certainly have accepted * that * as an equal possibility ; however , despite apparently considering doing so you chose not to . 
  i do n't think israel is even the worst country in the world , let alone worse than all the others combined ; however have you considered that there is a snowball effect going on and the more un resolutions that israel ignores , the more it provokes ? 
  there is also the nature of the conflict as ongoing running sore , while other similar situations have either been resolved or degenerated so completely as to leave no government to condemn and , finally , if you read the list of resolutions back to '47 there are also many anti-palestinian or pro-israeli resolutions in the list , as well as simple administrative resolutions pertaining to the management of the long-term refugee crisis engendered by the conflict . 
  i can certainly , without a doubt , say i have only ever * heard * right-wing pro-israelis claim this gross bias - which is exactly what i stated . 
  finally , i do n't think the israeli right supports a single-state solution . 
  i do n't think * any * israeli supports a single-state solution , even far-left israelis . 
  i understand the demographic implications perfectly . 
  i was just saying it is good to talk about the situation , even if a given solution * would n't * work - surely even you would agree dialogue is almost always a positive and any dialogue seeking a solution better than silence ? 
  slap a stamp on his head and post direct to : trump ! , 1 trump tower , ~ ~ trump ~ ~ new york . 
  knows what to do with mexicans . 
  i think most of rumi 's work was written in persian ( farsi ) rather than arabic , so just keep that in mind before you rush off to learn arabic . 
  i have n't read as much as you - just individual poems - and do n't have a favourite volume as a result , but i quite agree they 're lovely poems . 
  iirc he 's actually the most popular poet in america . 
  i am sure i have read that . 
  i think you 'd need access to the archives of bp , or the anglo-persian oil company as it was then known , to find what you 're looking for . 
  either that or pahlavi family sources , perhaps the memoirs of kermit roosevelt jr or cia records . 
  other than that i imagine the ground would all be pretty stony . 
  i hope i did n't sound snippy about the language , i did n't mean to . 
  i was just letting you know . 
  i think what he writes about is quite relatable and the more modern translations quite elegant and readable , though i imagine quotability is a factor . 
  maybe he 's showing his fangs because some jerk put a lead on him like he 's some kind of * dog * ? 
  what fish did you use ? 
  why not a flamethrower you monster !, 
  jk , this is actually not bad advice - you really do n't want them trying it singly because they might get through and , as someone else has remarked elsewhere itt , your garden will shortly become their escape route . 
  huskies are some of the greatest escapologists out there , easily capable of giving people like houdini a run for their money . 
  what 's wrong with that , you fucking eurocuck pussy ? 
  ... is what the source american would no doubt say . 
  personally , i find it as repulsive as you do . 
  i 've just never got to call anyone a `` cuck '' before . 
  i bet this guy would be great grist for the r/amibeingdetained mill too , if he seriously considers * drivers ' licenses * comparable to rape . 
  i 'd say what we have here is some kind of bona fide [ sovereign citizens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_citizen_movement ) , perhaps the * most * ` murican manifestation of the entire species . 
  i knew what this would be about the moment i saw those sneakers , no need to read the title . 
  not to u/milkyourprostate though , which is what counts ... 
  yeah man , that tree * is * flipping you off and you sure as shit do n't have to take that crap from a * tree * !, 
  you go get him !, 
  this is my first cat . 
  there are many like it , but this one is mine . 
  my cat is my best friend . 
  it is my life . 
  i must master it as i must master my life . 
  without me , my cat is useless . 
  without my cat , i am useless . 
  your detail actually made for a much more interesting post overall , so i for one am * glad * you found it boring enough a phenomenon to explain . 
  sucks to be you though , i guess - insofar as this post goes at least . 
  no thanks . 
  car salespersons are * creepy * . 
  i bet you 'll have some * sweet * wheels though man . 
  that 's a good thing , right ? 
  that 's no cat - it 's a ginger 's [ familiar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/familiar_spirit ) . 
  see , feels * gooood * , does n't it ? 
  it is apartheid because the settlers come under israeli law , despite the illegality of their colonies , while the palestinians suffer under the yoke of a far harsher military law . 
  any jew may move to israel and even before becoming a full citizen move to the settlements living under the protection of the idf and subject to civil law with no further qualification than their jewish ethno-religious identity . 
  however , there is no means by which a west bank or gazan palestinian may become an israeli citizen to gain those protections . 
  ( palestinian residents of east jerusalem may take up israeli citizenship , although of course most do n't because doing so quite clearly serves israeli goals of legitimising the ongoing efforts to takeover east jerusalem . ), 
  thus , despite the citizenship de jure fig-leaf , given that gaining citizenship is dependent on ethno-religious identity the laws * are * de facto being applied on the basis of ethnic-religious identity ; making the situation quite clearly apartheid . 
  as much as the israelis howl about outside interference , what do they honestly expect ? 
  for decades now they have conspicuously ignored international law and opinion , flaunting their illegal behaviour whilst perennially claim victim status and the whole act is wearing very , very thin . 
  extreme right-wing , religious nationalist party the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ party , part of the current regime 's ruling coalition with significant cabinet positions in party members ' hands ( who openly call for ethnic cleansing and even genocide ) , have recently threatened to bring down the government if a two-party state begins to look imminent . 
  the party 's long-term stated goal is `` creeping annexation '' - exactly as is already happening . 
  pm netanyahu has repeatedly stated no two-state solution on his watch too and it has also been reliably reported his government is covertly implementing the recommendations of the highly controversial [ levy report ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/levy_report ) as official , but secret policy regarding the legal status of wb land ; with such positions being openly stated by israel 's polity , the international community has no choice now other than to impose a time frame after which pressure will be applied to the israeli leadership to ensure the process does not remain `` stalled '' . 
  to fail to do so is to surrender to the looming impossibility of a two-state solution mentioned in the article . 
  imo the best form for such pressure to take would be a boycott of settlement goods and services whilst applying severe sanctions and travel restrictions against the members of netanyahu 's government personally , much as has been done with putin and * his * henchmen . 
  this would demonstrate international resolve and inflict punishment on the specific right-wing `` leaders '' responsible whilst not harming the mass of the israeli population . 
  if otoh netanyahu is genuinely open to negotiations now then these restrictions wo n't need to be imposed and thus wo n't become an issue , will they ? 
  talk about blind literalism . 
  what you described is the exact situation in the occupied west bank . 
  nobody thinks there is apartheid in israel proper . 
  i have never said israel is `` evil '' ; please refrain from putting words in my mouth . 
  if israel adhered to international law consistently i would not criticise israeli policy ; that is n't the case though , is it ? 
  tbh it is in fact the hypocrisy of israeli lawmakers making claims such as yours while simultaneously flaunting the provisions of the gc pertaining to the settlements that * really * provokes my criticisms ; probably more than anything else about the situation . 
  in full honesty if israel did n't make so many hypocritical claims i probably would n't challenge them - it 's the dual standards that really push my buttons . 
  good argument . 
  as always the tactic is distraction and diversion from the real , underlying moral issues . 
  law is law - nobody gets to pick and choose which laws to stick to . 
  certainly the legal situation vis-a-vis the settlements is not as clear cut as one would like ; however , israel 's absolute refusal to acknowledge any international authority or position on the matter is scarcely conducive to establishing a solid , inarguable position for anyone . 
  if the israeli courts are so certain they 're right then why not take it to a binding international court ? 
  until then the default position has to be that israel should refrain from the activity until the matter is actually resolved . 
  can you really not see how claiming that this indisputable situation whereby the ( illegal ) settlers are treated humanely under israeli law while the ( native ) palestinians are not , despite living in the same land has only arisen due to * israel 's delicate sensibilities regarding international law * is , to me and other western observers , quite ridiculous and grotesquely hypocritical ? 
  edit : to be clear - when i say the situation vis-a-vis the settlements is not as clear cut as one would like i do ** not ** attribute the confusion to the law itself , which seems as perfectly clear to me as it does to everyone who is not israeli , but rather to the circumstances that have ensued as a result of the illegal colonialist project . 
  i believe there is now obvious truth in the israeli assertion that not all illegal settlements can be returned to the rightful sovereignty of palestine , if for the sake of the hundreds of thousands of illegal colonists squatting on the land at present ; therefore , some kind of land swap will no doubt be necessary . 
  the issue is further complicated by the problems with the palestinian leadership and the fact that , whatever the root causes of the violence , israeli security concerns are valid . 
  it is that soup of rights and wrongs which i consider muddied , not the law itself . 
  despite israeli bleatings to the contrary it is quite clear that it is illegal to settle occupied territory , eg the wb . 
  otoh , should it not be occupied territory and the wb actually and legally considered part of israel then the apartheid label becomes absolutely indisputable and the palestinians must be accepted as israeli citizens . 
  israel can not have it both ways . 
  it would be one way to end international accusations of apartheid , and to my mind reduce the palestinians ' sense of injustice . 
  i am quite certain the people whose rights would be violated by coming under israeli civil law would n't object , given that they would gain so many other rights . 
  ultimately that is the most important factor - the lives of those currently in limbo due to the conflict .
