  i believe so , this story is about australian police laying charges . 
  i hope it is tbqh : the last thing the world needs is many people pulling this kind of crap , one guy is plenty . . 
  developers i know are predominantly blokes , but there are zero barriers to women who want to work in the industry and those who do are respected on their talents , regardless of gender - at least as far as i am aware ( being a man it is possible some stuff goes on i just do n't see , but honestly , i do n't * think * it is happening ) . 
  i have had female colleagues previously who were very strong ( professionally ) , and a female friend of mine won an award while at uni ( studying cs , or one of the related , highly technical , degrees ) for being in the top n % of students . 
  there are regularly female speakers at conference and so on , working in technical roles for great companies who are obviously very knowledgeable in their speciality to have won a speaker spot . 
  i have never heard * anyone * disparage females in the software game , or not want to work with women or anything like that . 
  i do n't even think we are generally overly blokey either , and honestly believe anyone who tried to pull any kind of crap based on a colleague 's gender would get very short shrift from the rest of us . 
  i would suggest you perhaps broaden your horizons a tad wrt whom you would like to work for is the one thing i would say . 
  those big game shops just are n't here , and i have read quite a lot that suggests they are not necessarily the best work environments too . 
  if you enjoy programming it can be a lot of fun programming anything too !, 
  i think israel is an inherently interesting subject , particularly for anyone with an interest in history and/or current affairs . 
  i have a deep and abiding interest in history , particularly classical history and military history - both of which israel features in prominently !, 
  i also read widely on current affairs , which was how i first gained a greater knowledge of the region than a lot of people possess . 
  ( robert fisk was my introduction , via his brilliant * pity the nation * which is about lebanon 's civil war in which israel was a key player . . ), 
  paradoxes are also intrinsically interesting imo , and israel/palestine is a veritable minefield of intriguing paradoxes . 
  both sides are both in the wrong and in the right simultaneously in different facets ( of what is an extremely complex and highly multifaceted situation ) and i am both sympathetic and revolted by both sides all at once . 
  i also noticed the reddit dynamics around the subject when i said something really quite innocuous ( in worldnews , natch . . ) which received a *** lot *** of downvotes , to my surprise at the time . 
  it 's a highly contentious issue on this site , and one that enjoys a vigorous discussion which is fascinating in and of itself . 
  ultimately though it 's just an interesting subject , no ? 
   he had a service that you could pay for that would automate a bomb threat to a number you gave them . 
  is this the guy that was doing it for money ( with students wishing to avoid exams paying for his service ) ? 
  that is much worse in some regards , though in another way it 's kind of better too - as dreadful and cynical as doing this for money is , at least the goal was n't to further muddy the already murky waters of race relations or - worst of all - stimulate the conflict by playing on peoples ' fears . 
  ( that was really awful . . ), 
  i shall certainly hope that this is limited to just these guys and * nobody else * does this , for whatever reason !, 
   traumatised vce students, 
  second half of first sentence . . 
  edit : to be clear , what i am getting at is that yr 12 high school students and 10 yo primary school kids must surely have different standards applied ? 
  it 's natural for fathers to have their daughters on their minds ( look at trump/ivanka !, 
  ) ; we all focus on those close to us . 
  no worries , i hope your job hunt succeeds soon . 
  i really would encourage you to look into development as a medium-long term option too . 
  it 's a great career in every regard . 
  travel is always good too , both in and of itself and as a way to pursuing other goals . 
  good luck . 
  * summertime * is a not bad tune . . 
  ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ fresh ^ ^ ^ prince . . 
   dance with the devil by immortal technique, 
  i am sick of seeing this mentioned every time someone 's like `` what is some < insert positive descriptor  hip-hop '' . 
  it really is not as deep as so many people think . 
  give it a few years and you will understand . 
  how can a letter ( any inanimate object in its final state for that matter ) be * error prone * ? 
  do you honestly believe this letter has the potential to change , spontaneously developing more errors as it does so ? 
  otherwise do you perhaps mean `` error riddled '' , `` error filled '' or something like that ? 
  keep waiting , i 'm sure it will get there mate , and then you too can live by the harbour in a five-bedroom mansion . 
  any day now . 
  chance card : there is no element of chance , everyone gets participation awards . 
  replaced with safe space and trigger warning cards . 
  that 's good sauce , but the 16/10 shit the bed black label is better . 
  you should watch * the checkout * on abc , literally last episode covered jobs and their conclusion was any job that asks you to pay anything for the chance of gaining it is a scam . 
  yeah , they are very funny with the l&o stylings . . 
   this entire article feels a bit like a sob story . 
  it also omits to state how much experience ` james ' does have . 
  [ . . ] i would n't mind seeing his cv and salary expectations . 
  this was my reaction , i immediately wondered what his expectations were relative to his actual experience . 
  when he states :, 
   why do i need specific experience when i have the ability to learn on the run ? 
  * anyone * can `` learn on the run '' ( within the set of those who are educated in the field at least ) , but for a project manager or delivery lead * i * would expect a proven track record , especially given the remuneration such roles command , and would not hire someone who lacked adequate experience . 
  i work for an sme and have taken numerous course at my employer 's expense which have cost way more the $ 5k ( especially as they have also required travel ) . 
  it 's a large expense for an individual , but not so much for a business expense . 
  that said , none of the exxy courses i have done have been for vendor certs , but are rather a bit higher-level and in-depth ( eg the last one i attended was udi dahan 's incredible * advanced distributed systems design * course ) courses covering content which is hard to learn otherwise . 
  what pisses me off about the carve-up is that states that allow pokies do n't have that revenue included in the calculations , so wa ( where we do n't have fucking pokies ) effectively gets punished for socially responsible policy . 
  pokies may generate revenue , but gambling also causes a wide range of social ills , including problems that subsequently cost the taxpayer in terms of health and other welfare expenses which may be directly attributed to problem gambling . 
  i do n't have a problem with states helping each other out , and am well-aware that at times wa has required federal funding , but to me this aspect of the calculation seems manifestly unfair . 
  personally i would love to see wa legalise weed and have * that * excluded from gst calculations . 
  not only would it generate revenue ( as the experience of states such as colorado in the usa proves ) , but it would save money and resources on not policing pot smoking and would position us to be able to develop industry around the manufacture of cannabinoid products for medicinal/industrial use . 
  yep , when i worked in consulting we had a yearly training budget we could use on any course we liked ( or at least could justify ) , and they never hesitated to send me on any project specific training . 
  that was a relatively large company in state/national terms , but not csc/fujitsu/etc sized and certainly not a major multi-national . 
  that was a few years ago now , but that job was a lot of fun , with great perks . 
  as well as the yearly training allowance ( which i think is a great perk - i enjoy learning per se , but the courses are also fun to attend and interesting places to meet one 's peers ) and a gadget allowance of $ 1k per annum to be spent on something one could justify as being useable for work ( eg my first smartphone one year ) they used to put on fantastic parties - there were two fridges on our floor and every friday arvo everyone would come in from client sites to socialise ( if you wanted to - there was no pressure if you did n't , which is good too ) , and once a year there would be a big weekend bash where they would book out a resort/hotel and everyone ( with partners ) would pile in busses for a weekend of debauchery justified by an hour long presentation on saturday morning . 
  good times . 
  edit : for clarity , the two fridges are significant as both were full of booze and very little else ( other than milk for the coffee machine , ofc ) . 
  not taxing houses that are under construction leads to buildings that have unfinished exteriors , or roofs with rebar poking out of the concrete and so on as people leave their property unfinished to avoid the tax - this is * very * noticeable in greece , where the countryside is riddled with such buildings . 
  i like units too , and chose to buy myself one for ethical as well as practical reasons . 
  my lifestyle benefits more from being close to amenities than it suffers from the lack of a garden and i am very much against the appalling urban sprawl with which perth is burdened ( by people who * must have * a house ) . 
  i get that for people with kids and dogs a garden is great , but so many mcmansions built these days have no garden at all anyway as they are squeezed into the land to the point they fill every square metre , barring perhaps a clothesline . 
  i have an aeroponic setup on my balcony which grows herbs and veggies , so that is not something i have had to miss out on . 
  i love living close to everything - the traino is 200m away and town < 10mins by train , plus i have shops , cafes , bars and restaurants aplenty , in stark contrast to many of the newer ` burbs where everything is concentrated in centres and one ca n't walk anywhere . 
  where i am we have great parks ( and a municipal pool ) straight across the road , an inner courtyard which is well set up and not bad balcony space . 
  i choose not to keep a dog in an apartment , which is a bit of a sacrifice as i love dogs , but other than that i personally lose nothing from living in a unit . 
  not all units are shonkily built either , mine has a fantastic energy rating and was built to a very high standard ( being used as a benchmark for planning in fact ) . 
  different strokes for different folks of course , but i wish more aussies would adjust to the idea that living in a unit is not condemning oneself to a restricted mode of living compared to a house . 
  i would * never * move to the outer ` burbs even if i did have kids , for me what you lose is just too great . 
  well then , based on that graph , let 's exclude resources from the calculations too - that is a solution we would all be fine with here in wa . 
  perhaps you do n't know anyone who lives in cities such as london , or indeed through most of europe , but i do personally and i can assure you kids * will survive * living in a unit . . 
  i would strongly recommend the brilliant robert fisk , although he tends to write about israel in a regional context rather than from a purely israeli perspective . 
  * pity the nation * and * the great war for civilisation * both include a great deal of fascinating information about israel 's history and place in the greater me . 
  he is an excellent journalist who has been reporting on the region for a great many years and through many of the seminal events which have shaped history and writes with true journalistic impartiality . 
   survive ... quality of life is a different matter . 
  quality of life depends an awful lot on where you live , the dwelling itself , and a host of not necessarily directly related factors which means that choosing an house is not ipso facto going to necessarily bestow a higher quality of life on one 's kids than might an unit . 
  the comment i replied to said the poster finds the idea of choosing an unit over a house `` hilarious '' - i have to say that statement smacks heavily of their ignorance and limited experiences more than anything else . 
  i can immediately think of many examples of people i know whose children lead great lives despite having to endure living in apartments . 
  ( eg my cousins who live in the middle of london in a beautiful apartment , and whom i am very confident enjoy a quality of life greatly exceeding that of most people . ), 
  where i live is very nice , and i would be very happy bringing kids up in my building ( as many do ) , although i would want a three-bedroom unit rather than the two-bedroom one i live in by myself . 
  were i to move to the ` burbs it would separate me from my friends and family who could otherwise not only provide help with kids , but also have a closer relationship than if i lived an hour away . 
  the school i went to is near me and i would want any son i had to go there too . 
  the beach is nearby , there are great amenities nearby and it is a good area in every regard . 
  the best , were i to have kids , would probably be a house near where i am now , but tbqh i am certain moving too far to move into an house would result in a reduction of living standards overall . 
  as i said though , it 's different strokes for different folks . 
  you and the other guy may love living away from the city for whatever reason ( if you do then more power to you ) , but you should understand that your metrics may not apply to others ' circumstances . 
  as i mentioned , many new houses have bugger all garden anyway , and i honestly struggle to see * any * other benefit to moving out to the sticks , i really do .
