  your first link returns an error anyway . 
  you made a claim , the onus is on you to provide trustworthy sources . 
  if i provided a link to electronic intifada you would ask exactly the same question as i did , although you would no doubt throw in some ridiculously melodramatic nonsense as per your comment above too . 
   at least you admit it , i guess . 
   it is a step in the right direction . 
  yeah , a step further than you 've managed , with your endless , ridiculous , defence of every act of oppression and violence committed by the israeli regime . 
  one of the major reasons we in the post-enlightenment world are constantly shitting on israel is because you simply will not admit your manifest and egregious national faults and flaws of character/behaviour in any sense or to any degree . 
  if you managed to carry yourself with the dignity and honesty u/ne3crophile just did a great part of the criticism would be ceased . 
  like any abuser , israel must first admit it has issues before it can hope to get better . 
  has anyone ever told you that you look like a serial killer ? 
  edit : looking at the guy 's post history , i take that back . 
  he just looks like a guy shilling for uber to get drivers to sign up . 
  almost every post mentions being an uber driver . 
  as is coming from birmingham , so what 's your point ? 
  a more clean cut bubbles from * trailer park boys * maybe ? 
  goddammit guys , first time i 've been rickrolled in years . 
  are you for real ? 
  you accuse me of logical fallacies when you are , yet again , building a classic strawman . 
  and this from the guy who ca n't even tell the difference between mod deleted and user deleted comments . 
  log out and you 'll see your comments are removed too ; i have no idea why * my * comments were deleted though , i can only think they got swept up with yours . 
  i can assure that as nasty as it sounds , naftali bennett * is * leader of tjhp so , no , not an ad hominem . 
  you would deny that many israelis would like to see jerusalem undivided and the capital of israel ? 
  if you do you 're a liar . 
  two simple questions , neither of which relies on the other for relevance ; both would make perfect sense in isolation . 
  i do n't see israeli and hamas as opposite for palestinians as much as functionally equivalent . 
  one does not need to provide references for everything written in a thread here , it 's not school and you are n't the teacher . 
  this scrabbling for points as if we were in a classroom and it was your role to be the judge of what is written is merely an extension to your own preferred reliance on semantics and pedantry , but gone quite mad . 
  nearly every single one mentions uber . 
  he literally has a post '' [ uber [ driving ] is n't for everyone - but it can be ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/uber/comments/50sha3/uber_isnt_for_everyone_but_it_can_be/ ) '' . 
  idk , maybe i am cynical , but holy shit do n't you think * this * guy * is * perhaps a corporate shill ? 
  or are you being ironic ? 
  she 's lovely . 
  you 're weird . 
  everyone else wants bigger pizzas . 
  sure , maybe he 's not . 
  otoh , how do we know * you 're * not another one trying to repair the damage though ? 
  * we do n't know how deep this thing goes , man !, 
  found the wib fan . 
  reading this particular sas archetype always makes it seem as if war is just another sport the americans are `` world champions '' of , perhaps because their series bears no relationship to the reality beyond their borders . 
  well , these are j model super hercules for a start , with new sensors and increased abilities to carry missiles such as the gryphon and hellfire ( as do the usmc harvest hawk kc-130js ) . 
  the thing about these and the 105s is they were n't originally going to mount them , but then they changed that decision . 
  the first one was delivered without a 105 , so this second aircraft is the first ghostrider to carry one . 
  so * this * is bizarro world , huh ? 
  do n't be coy , you know what i mean . 
  well , that 's why you 'd be a good one . 
  anyway , this guy got shadowbanned so i guess my shill senses were spot on this time . 
  i called it first , should have been me at the top of this thread . 
  then i could have told the world how refreshing pepsi ^ ^ tm is if you ever * do * get free tickets to a ball game . 
  great , see ya . 
  when you ca n't possibly defend your morals you rely on such games , i had a look at your comment history before and as well as noticing how many had been removed ( not just the two in the corruption in israel 's education industry subthread ) i see this type of turgid rubbish is your mo atm . 
  while i 'm sure you think you 're being very clever , in fact you 're actually being incredibly dull and a bit pompous . 
  if you were n't suffering sufficient cognitive dissonance to realise you do n't have a moral leg to stand on you would not solely argue these arbitrary rules that you seek to enforce on everyone else . 
  just remember it does n't matter what you say , or how smugly you pat yourself on the back for having `` won '' the game only you are playing : everyone can read both of our arguments and make their own minds up . 
  i am perfectly happy with that thought , but i doubt you are comfortable with that complete lack of control . 
  israel nurtured hamas and that worked out for them just great for everyone , did n't it ? 
  i 'm quite sure those pedalling so hard to put a positive spin on this and make it just sound like common sense have considered that carefully though . 
  hmmm , first person to mention nazis is you . 
  i can see where you 're coming from , this is exactly what they did in the territories they occupied too , but yeah - as of now you are the only person making the comparison . 
  i guess just writing `` antisemitism '' repeatedly starts to get dull after a while , lose its fun-factor , does it ? 
  again with the nazis , just two comments down . 
  you 're sure on a roll today . 
  what is it about this particular act of oppression that you 're * so * determined to distract attention away from ? 
  you pro-israelis are always going on and on about the money !, 
  it 's like you 're obsessed with it . 
  cut former stern gang , hagannah and irgun terrorists ' / war criminals ' pensions then come and say the palestinians are wicked would you ? 
   we had to destroy the village in order to save it, 
  actually most israel executions are extrajudicial , as in the elor azaria case , or numerous instances of mossad assassinations that furthermore violate other nations ' sovereignty in pursuit of their murderous ends . 
  edit : oh , i see what you meant , executions of the court order . 
  care to cite * your * sources though ? 
  it just * is * , got it ? 
  it 's antisemitism to question that too . 
  hang on , i though the pro-israel lobby had been essentially comparing blm to the kkk , if not in those exact words ? 
  i have read some pretty extreme rhetoric about blm from israeli sources due to the perception blm have aligned themselves with bds . 
  yeah , i read further and saw a few more stupid godwin 's law comments so perhaps you were n't the only one doing it , just top of the pile . 
  and did it do you any harm ? 
  you 're perfectly normal . 
  edit : just checked post history . 
  ok , maybe it did * some * harm . 
  like bears . 
  what 's in the canoe ? 
  so that 's a growler , was this an integration test of any sort ? 
  ha ha , can you tell us which squadron the p-3c belongs to ? 
  yes, 
  sassafras bark is an [ ingredient in mdma ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sassafras#sassafras_oil_and_aromatic_uses ) . 
  that would be by working . 
  like [ wonder woman 's plane ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/invisible_plane ) . 
  is that a subtle op 's mum joke ? 
  nah , you 've got the wrong end of the stick , i was hoping it was one . 
  that 's quite recent though , hence why a lot of people do n't know . 
  it went kingdom of bohemia ( part of austro-hungarian empire for much of its history ) -  czechoslovakia ( which included slovakia ) -  czech republic -  czechia in terms of naming , with czechia only being formally adopted as the short name on may 2nd of this year . 
  these were soviet troops , not idf . 
  he 's chasing him for throwing stones , not shooting to kill . 
  ok , that has nothing to do with op 's question though , does it ? 
  \\ ^ that means yes, 
   there are over 100 definitions of terrorism . 
  pick one . 
  you win the prize for most identifiably israeli comment itt . 
  i trust this as much as i 'd trust hamas clearing themselves of a rocket firing incident , maybe even a little less as the idf has a monopoly on state-sponsored violence in israel while there are actually other resistance/terrorist groups in gaza . 
  sorry israelis , i know this will make you grumpy , but seriously ? 
  what do you expect ?
