  i have worked as a kitchenhand , and yes - it was not the best time i have had . 
  however , it was a means to an end , while i was at uni . 
  despite that i accepted that the job was what is was , and did it . 
  i also tried to do it properly , for no other reason than i just always try to do my job properly . 
  idk , maybe i am just unaware of how life in those kind of roles has changed for the worse or something , and it 's more akin to ancient roman slavery than australia fifteen plus years ago . . 
  i will say though , in many european countries ( eg italy , greece , croatia ) i have visited , being a waiter ( for example ) is treated as a career - not just a university part time job as it is here - and , despite how low salaries are compared to here there are many people working those jobs with pride and even enjoyment . 
  a lot of people who are chefs ( or otherwise work in kitchens ) , people i know both here and overseas , work in kitchens because they like it too , despite the hard nature of the work and the shitty hours . 
  so i do n't necessarily agree working in hospitality is ipso facto only *** ever *** done for penalty rates on the weekend . . 
  different cultures though , different attitudes . 
  different strokes for different folks too , even within a single culture . 
  it was interesting how in the article the overseas student was ok with it , while the aussies were all so indignant !, 
  she live here now , and is thus now part of our society . 
  she has just as much to lose as the others ; however her attitudes have obviously been informed by different expectations and experiences . . 
   am i the only one around here that thinks parents have an obligation to keep their kids under control . 
  i am a father of three kids . 
  i hate parents that let their kids run around like animals in public . 
  there is a time and place to let kids be kids . 
   if your going to have children the least you can do is take care of them . 
  and no this does n't just mean food , clothes , and shelter . 
  it means you teach them how to behave in a civilized society . 
  nope , i agree mate , and laud you opinion . 
  i bet i would find your kids to be decent kids too . 
  you are the voice of sanity itt !, 
  thank you !, 
  that was * perfect * . 
   i know you are , but what am i ? 
  sorry to paraphrase , but i really feel i just captured the essence of your last two comments to a tee . 
  thanks for the lulz . 
  you have a nice day now kiddo , and enjoy the last word . 
  i 'm out . 
  smh , i * never * disputed that - you have this arse backwards . 
  * they * claimed to be `` the hardest working people '' : i simply debunked that steaming pile of crap . 
  my comment does n't even mention rates , but hey , enjoy the circlejerk . 
   docs are * still * as relevant and authentic as ever , i 'm a punk, 
  with the right constitutional protections , it could work in practical terms . 
  i think what would be hard would be persuading the palestinians that they were n't just being disarmed so they could be slaughtered , especially given the history surrounding the nakba and the massacres that occurred then . 
  even proposing such a policy would be bound to induce paranoia among some . 
  however ; as you say , this is effectively the status quo , and palestinian israelis are n't being massacred today . 
  what about police and etc ? 
  although less heavily armed than the idf , they do need a certain amount of weaponry even just for criminals . 
  to be effective a police force would need to be integrated i would have thought ? 
  i like that you are proposing an idea that involves compromise and thinking outside the box - that 's a great thing in and of itself . 
  yeah , i would n't join the group in question even if i used fb due to the questionable nature of the attitudes they ( allegedly ) tend to express , but seriously how the fuck does * that * photo expose the woman 's identity ? 
  except the massive dildo , of course . 
  should n't the woman accept some degree of responsibility for not hiding it when she knew a tradie was going to be in her bathroom too ? 
  stuff i have i do n't want the world to see ( eg my bullion collection ) , i stash . 
  i love crayfish - cooked some tails on the bbq last night for my folks and a mate - though i do n't see the need to kill them inhumanely . 
  certain ethnic restaurant actually [ serve live crayfish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eating_live_animals#lobster ) which are eaten without being killed first , though it 's illegal here and tends to only be made available behind closed doors to people known by the restaurateur , if it still is at all . 
  i have personally never eaten anything that is still alive and tbh have no interest in doing so . 
  it seems unnecessarily cruel to my mind . 
  that - as the article points out - is partly debatable depending on whether or not the company has an explicit social media policy . 
  where did i say firing him was inappropriate anyway ? 
  i 'm not saying that he did was alright , i just wonder why she is fine with him seeing it in the first place ( obviously a plumber is going to go to the bathroom if they are called to your residence . . ) , only to make a complaint when it pops up on the fb group . 
  idk what the dynamic is , not being a member of the bloke 's group ( as i said , i do n't even use fb ) , but wonder whether there is any tension between the two groups that might underlie her actions to any extent ? 
  horrific stuff , sawing off a finger !, 
  it almost sounds as though it was an ambush of sorts . 
  i wonder if the car that drove off the road somehow planned to place them in the vicinity of the cafe , and if the cafe clientele who became the assailants somehow knew to expect the victims ? 
  if it was n't planned like a military operation , and executed very exactly , these poor kids were very unlucky indeed that things fell into place just so . 
  it 's nice of you to apologise , but honestly it 's not your fault . 
  it 's the parents . 
  they are pretty comparable in terms of role , and egypt has hundreds of vipers - i think that 's what makes it an interesting comparison ? 
  obviously the purchase was politically driven , but how will egypt employ these together with their f-16s now they have them both ? 
  the f-16 is obviously very prolific regionally too , from morocco to the uae ( both of whom operate very advanced vipers , especially the blk 60 desert falcons ) , and of course iaf su ` fa f-16is . . 
  edit : punctuation, 
  i literally say i do n't hate kids . 
  they and their parents simply should not inflict themselves on the general public , until the kids are old enough to not be annoying little fucks at least . 
  i very rarely actually punch dads of annoying little turds out or anything , but dammit why should everyone else suffer for the parents mistake ( ie getting pregnant . . ) ? 
  last night after work i had a doctors appointment and there were a couple with two kids in the waiting room . 
  the kids were screaming and screeching like little banshees , throwing toys around and generally making cunts of themselves . 
  they had no business being there - this doctor does n't see kids - so why bring them ? 
  especially to somewhere where there are people , real people not fucking mini-mes , who may well be feeling terribly unwell ? 
  selfish shit like that is what shits me particularly . 
  thank you . 
  um , maybe because america and americans are comedy gold , and it 's good fun to take the piss out of their nonsense , eg your op ? 
  so let 's just all ignore the reality that every single one of us has a camera in our pocket and stand on principle shall we ? 
  smh . 
  please , let me know how that goes for you . 
  of course she is partly to blame , this is 2017 and privacy is something none of us can take for granted , beyond such privacy as we secure for ourselves . 
  sad , but true . 
  i did n't say anything that contradicts that , did i ? 
  dude , it 's * ok * to hate americans . 
  everyone does . 
  just roll with it . 
  yeah , this is * not * how i remember amsterdam . 
  not at all . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i remember arriving , that counts , right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure nothing like this picture went down though . 
  what ? 
  most people in the subs i frequent * love * laser guided bombs !, 
  if you 're getting hassled , come over to r/militaryporn or r/warplanporn - both very lgb-friendly, 
  we just do n't have six-pack rings in australia . 
  ours come in cardboard . 
  all the native australians i see around wear chicago bulls , nike and adidas caps as their headpieces , so nope - not a native australian headpiece . 
  good guess though . 
  why ? 
  merther, 
  poor man must be spinning like a top in his grave right now . 
  oh well , have a couple of upvotes to help you on your way . . 
  really ?
