   the lack of integration of minorities can ruin the greater society of a country . 
  i agree with this point entirely . 
  every country that has expelled its jewish population has been culturally and economically poorer for it and the same goes for many other minority groups . 
  one of my great regrets is that i never got to visit the old levant ( late ottoman ) where all religions and ethnicities lived cheek by jowl , largely in amity . 
  the 19th/20th century nationalist movements completely destroyed this way of life , but it must have been glorious . 
  very sad that it is no longer as it was . 
  good . 
  they 're not `` threats '' and not aimed at `` impressing '' or `` frightening '' israelis , but exerting political and economic pressure in an effort to stimulate israel 's collective conscience and encourage a fair and just resolution to the situation with palestine . 
   `` learn from history and be embarrassed , '' he added . 
  when will israel cease invoking the ghosts of the holocaust in a vain effort to bestow some kind of moral authority on israel 's colonial , oppressive treatment of the palestinians ? 
  for that matter , when will israel learn not all political interactions are predicated on bullying ? 
  the eu does not seek to bully israel , but simply enforce its own laws as it sees fit . 
  israel is breaking international law in the eyes of every other nation on earth by shamelessly breaching the terms of geneva iv by settling the occupied territories ; the eu is simply refusing to condone this behaviour . 
  in response , however , israel puffs up its chest , puts its hands on its hips and tries to bully the eu ... 
  the sooner israelis realise how self-defeating such hubristic behaviour really is , the sooner israel will lose the odium it has accumulated . 
  if israel continues to dismiss every criticism levelled at it as bias or anti-semitism its isolation will accelerate until serious sanctions are placed on israel proper and not merely its state-sanctioned criminal minority of settlers . 
  a tiny effort towards introspection would go a long , long way towards healing the harm that netanyahu and his cronies have done and - as here - continue to do . 
  if * anyone * really was actually crying that is ... 
  80 % of israelis are jewish , but only about 50 % of jews are israelis ... 
  you ca n't say that jews and israelis are the same thing . 
   secondly , the jews were and still are at the heads of corporations and governments which have caused these economic depressions . 
  ben bernanke being one of these . 
  your ignorance about the jews just proves my point . 
  given how ignorant i am about these issues , could you provide a more thorough explanation of how this was achieved ? 
  seventy years ? 
  so is ~ ~ * any * ~ ~ * all * criticism of israel - in your opinion - by definition anti-semitic ? 
  edited for clarity upon rereading as per u/schasty 's comment . 
  honestly , having considered these issues very thoroughly , i do n't see it as anti-semitism . 
  it 's the same as claiming the eu is anti-semitic because it bases its position regarding the illegal settlements on its own and international laws , an obviously utterly ludicrous assertion to anyone who has not been entirely brainwashed with pro-settler/ultra-zionist hate proselytising . 
  wanting and believing in the right of the palestinians to enjoy the * same * quality of life and freedoms as israelis - how is that anti-semitic ? 
  they are two related , but independent concepts . 
  what the graph does n't illustrate is the proportion of land and resources each of the populations have control of/access to , let alone their relative quality of life ... 
  whilst i am certain that a percentage bds members are in fact anti-semitic , and that their involvement is based on prejudice , i do not think that is the case for all bds ` ers . 
  ( the same is undoubtedly true for all critics of israel - some are bigots , hiding their anti-semitism behind a flimsy fig-leaf of moral outrage . ), 
  some of the people involved are genuinely moved by the plight of the palestinians and see bds not as a movement aimed at destroying israel , but purely at improving the palestinians lot and highly analogous to the long-term boycott that south africa was subject to during their apartheid era . 
  indeed , bds has many jewish supporters : are they anti-semites or simply people whose conscience is dictating their behaviour ? 
  such people 's involvement with bds is not aimed at targeting individuals , but rather israeli society in the hope of applying pressure to influence the political process and encourage an end to the occupation and illegal settlement of what remains of palestine . 
  as per my previous comment , believing palestinians have the right to the same quality of life and self-determination as israelis is * not * bigotry/anti-semitism . 
  if that is an individual 's belief , how would you suggest that they attempt to influence israeli opinion other than bds ? 
  israel refuses to accept the validity of , let alone act upon , any criticism by international ngos , claiming that too is anti-semitism . 
  in your opinion , what criticism of israel or support for the rights of palestinians ( two sides of the same coin for many of israel 's critics ) * is * valid ? 
  edit : fyi , i personally have no affiliation with bds and have never had any involvement with boycotting israel . 
  i am , however , of the belief that it is time to let the palestinians have a fair deal . 
  how should i go about expressing this moral stance without raising accusations of anti-semitism or risking making people feel i am being prejudiced ? 
  i would never deny that some bds advocates are anti-semitic and that it is bigotry that drives their actions and involvement ; however , the fact that a handful of specific incidents can be identified does not mean that all the people involved are motivated by hatred of israel or jews . 
  the people/events identified by the adl certainly sound like they are driven by bigoted world views ( especially the fliers - straight out conspiracy theory bs !, 
  ) , but those people are like the israeli ultra-zionist `` hilltop youth '' who have been in the news recently for their attacks on palestinians and palestinian property . 
  fyi i am not involved with bds personally in any sense , i would simply like to see the palestinians enjoy the same standard of living and self-determination as israelis . 
  i do not wish for that to be taken away from israelis whatsoever . 
  i do not consider that to be a bigoted position , in fact quite the opposite !, 
  how would you suggest someone like myself tries to influence israeli public opinion so that the israeli democratic political process is able to work and exert influence on the country 's leaders to come to a deal regarding a palestinian state ? 
  yeah , i 'm not saying there is a genocide happening . 
  having read many accounts of the events of ' 48 , i too believe that almost all of the palestinians dispossessed by that war were mislead by arab leaders and were unfortunately the meat in the sandwich between the surrounding arab states and israel . 
  as such what has occurred is n't , imo either , ethnic cleansing in the sense of bosnia or rwanda . 
  there has , however , been a massive reallocation of resources between palestinians and israelis to the the palestinians ' detriment . 
  u/plato1123 's original point was not that a genocide has taken place , but that some of the early zionists ' rhetoric * did * talk about colonising the land and ethnically cleansing it ( although obviously not using that exact term as it specifically was first employed only during the '90s balkan conflict ... ) and that by selectively choosing those quotes the entire zionist movement could be painted as a genocidal movement that aimed at forced removal from the get go . 
  that obviously is not the truth of the situation , despite the fact some zionists did hold such views . 
  in the same way , the bds members quoted above do not represent the totality of individuals involved in the bds movement . 
  that is what he was getting at . 
  i guess i can only speak for myself , but i am 100 % supportive of israel 's existence and continued peace and prosperity ; however , i also would like to see the palestinians enjoying the same rights and freedoms . 
  if they do n't enjoy the same level of prosperity , well that 's on them - they should have the same opportunities though . 
  believing that means that on some issues i am critical of the israeli government and the illegal settlers . 
  on other issues , however , i am supportive of israel , and i do not condone hamas or attacks on civilians ( by either side ... ) . 
  i also call blatant anti-semites out . 
  ( i did so just today in fact , but that was by no means the first time . ), 
  i realise you ca n't speak for op , but wanted to know if criticisms such as i level at israel for specific incidents/events is - in his opinion - anti-semitism . 
  what do you think ? 
   they are just lunatics ... what did you expected after 60 years of conflict and the debacle of the peace negotiations ... do you think only the palestinians can get despaired and radicalize ... so why you try to rationalize their hatred and terrorist violence ? 
  i was n't saying that israel , or most israelis , are aiming at ethnic cleansing , just that it is these misguided youths ' aim . 
  about them you make a good point . 
  of course these young people - from both populations - who have grown up with conflict surrounding them will have suffered trauma from it and that is how their extremism grows . 
  it is something i have considered in the past and with which i can sympathise so i am glad you raised the point for consideration now . 
  it 's important to keep in mind . 
  see , you accuse me of not considering the issues and then you come out with a comment like this . 
  the graph shows the rate of change in relative populations , ergo what i was saying was missing was the change in relative resource control . 
  the immigrants in europe you refer to are enjoying increasing access to resources and prosperity - the exact opposite of what you are trying to suggest ... 
  i edited my comment to take yours into account - you are right , i should have written `` all '' because it makes my intended meaning clearer than `` any '' did . 
  ( i meant any in the sense of a contraction of `` any at all '' ... ), 
  you have also answered my question , thanks . 
  you have made it clear that you do have what i consider a reasonable view that not all criticism is ipso facto anti-semitic . 
  i can see exactly what you 're saying and it 's obviously a valid point that you 're making . 
  you explained it very well , perhaps better than i have seen on here previously . 
  i do , however , think that there are other factors to consider . 
  for a start every country in the world faces criticism for something it does and suffers other countries meddling in its affairs - it certainly is n't a problem faced by israel alone . 
  to a certain extent it is a necessary and important aspect of nationhood and international relations , even if it 's never great to be on the receiving end of . 
  israel 's circumstances and historical background is definitely different from other nations ' and has been more difficult in a lot of ways ; however , that does not mean israel should be excused international scrutiny nor should israel simply feel it can ignore external opinion . 
  israel itself is quick enough to involve itself in other countries ' affairs . 
  secondly , whilst israel has done the things you enumerate , it has also behaved less admirably in other circumstances . 
  i do n't want to start listing all the things i ( and world opinion ) would include in that as i do n't think that would be productive , but you must admit that some actions/events have not been as benign as those you referred to . 
  finally , i think the issue of palestinians `` rejecting a state '' can not be condensed down to such a simple view of what has happened and it is not the world 's involvement that has led to that state of affairs . 
  that is more complex , imo , than i want to go into now as it will lead us too far from your point , but i do think independent arbitrage will at this point be required to reach a solution fair and perceived as fair to both sides . 
  a fair solution is necessary for lasting peace . 
  it 's actually most often mashed potato mixed with cooked cabbage and fried , although leftover roast vegetables are nice when fried up too . 
   hezbollah cant afford to escalate anything they are severely weaken and forces are allocated all over syria not in lebanon . 
  the article was not discussing hezbollah 's present disposition of forces , but rather its improved training and equipment that has resulted from military cooperation with the russian forces . 
   the fact that they been fighting for over two years to a stalemate proving there lack of expeditionary capacity hezbollah is a local defense force , they didnt defeat isreali in 2006 they surived and claimed that doing that was a victory . 
  considering the qualitative and quantitative disparity between hezbollah 's forces and the idf in ' 06 , surviving and blunting israel 's aggression into lebanon must be counted as a success , if not a victory . 
  certainly they frustrated the idf 's aims , bloodying the invading force 's nose and humiliating the idf internationally . 
  i am not arguing that hezbollah will ever have the ability to challenge israeli sovereignty . 
  if they did these improvements could perhaps be considered a destabilising factor as opposed to stabilising .
