  many unbiased observers would convincingly argue that israeli human rights violations far exceed those of iran at least and would be equal in severity and morality if not scale to those of china , pakistan and russia . 
  only nk could be argued to be worse and even they at least keep it within their own borders . 
  even nk do not egregiously bomb schools and hospitals in neighbouring nations as collective , massively disproportionate punishment for infractions that would be justified as self-defence were the exact same acts perpetrated by israel against palestine . 
  you sound remarkably bigoted yourself - europeans are animals just a moment away from reverting to their base bestiality are they ? 
  indeed this is a recurring theme in your comments in this thread . 
  you are the one who is full of an unremitting hatred ; one you justify by referring to historical events that have not touched you personally whilst the ugly elements amongst your kith and kin perform similar acts against another people in the name of your nation even as i write this !, 
  as is par for the course with those attempting to justify the excesses of the israeli regime you too raise a hypocritical claim to the moral high ground to explain israeli aggression against the inhabitants of palestine ; it is sickening . 
  i am not anti-zionist ; i do not believe israel should not exist . 
  i believe in fact that many israelis possess morals not too far removed from those of a reasonable person of any nationality , but when i read vile hate-speech such as yours spread throughout this thread i am moved to call the criminal israeli regime out on its behaviours as i have just done and confront hate-filled bigots such as yourself ... 
  in my experience anti-semitism springs from encounters with individuals such as yourself by people who can not separate the concept of a jew from the jews and the jews from israel - either from an encounter with somebody like you or from recoiling in horror from news reports of the latest idf atrocity in occupied palestine or gaza ... 
  i 'm sorry i bit back like this because i can imagine your troll-like laughter at such a reaction from a goyim and the thrill you get from having provoked a response that a paranoid israeli might read as `` typical '' ? anti-israeli -  anti-zionist -  anti-semitism thinly veiled although i have not accused the jews or the israelis of anything , but merely responded to your filth and discussed the israeli government 's excesses !, 
  well done , you got what you wanted . 
  i 've not back-pedalled a bit - i never said * fascist * , only fascistic ... 
  i provided the google definition of fascistic before . 
  you surely ca n't try to deny that netanyahu and likud are right-wing and nationalistic ? 
  those are two of the key cornerstones of the definition of fascistic . 
  i 'm not jewish ; i 'm an australian of british descent . 
  you have convinced me of my misinterpretation of the jewish attitude to the law - i am not jewish , but have read widely about judaism , the levant and all kinds of history . 
  recently my reading has included reddit where i have read with keen interest the views of jewish people who have contributed to many ongoing discussions . 
  a number of the comments i have read have included discussions of the place of adherence to the law in judaism and i must say i appear to have partially misinterpreted what i read and to also have only previously read one aspect of that relationship between the religion and its legal framework . 
  your comment * has * changed my understanding of that aspect of judaism and i wholeheartedly withdraw that element of my argument in response due to my newly improved understanding . 
  i no longer ascribe authoritarianism to israeli culture so * that * element of fascism/fascistic is missing . 
  nonetheless my basic premise still , imo , holds - that there are fascistic aspects to israeli politics and society at the present day ... 
  it is not a complete match , but i never said it was . 
  thank you too . 
  i 've enjoyed having a level-headed , even-tempered discussion where both of us have aired our views without resorting to slurs of any kind . 
  i really do bear no anti-semitic/israeli/zionist sentiment other than towards individuals who outpour pro-israeli hatred and bigotry - having said that let me assure you that i bear the same visceral dislike of those spew anti-semitic/pro-hamas/stormfront type hatred . 
  it all disgusts me . 
  all i seek is open discussion with interesting people . 
  nice cop out , but you have a nice day too ... 
  if i edit out the first paragraph will you then read the rest ? 
  au contraire if you read my other comments you 'd see that i bear `` the joos '' no ill will and am open to having my view changed ; however , i 'd argue the exact same thing about your attitudes ... 
  in your eyes i 'm just a dog waiting to bite you as you have made clear itt to me and others . 
  i 've never made any blanket statements about the nature of jews , only ever the actions of the israeli government . 
  that 's a big difference . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  every time i see you comment it 's an unjustified attack . 
  this time you twisted the meaning of the comment you replied to and launched into an ad hominem attack on the commenter , who you dismiss as a, 
   pretty irrelevant , but upvoted user, 
  excuse me ? 
  who made you the arbiter of who is and is n't `` relevant '' ? 
  furthermore , the comment you replied to was n't ridiculing feminists , but supporting them !, 
  your so called evidence is a ( surely deliberately ? ), 
  misquoted , selective part of the comment that cut out the words `` as though '' , thus completely reversing the sentence quoted 's true meaning ... 
  now i know you 're just going to reflexively downvote this comment as you have all of my comments replying to your slurs against other commenters without responding to any of the issues raised - without actually accusing you of trolling ( which i do n't feel justified in doing - yet ... ) i have to say that that is typical troll behaviour !, 
  far out , you just ca n't resist accusing people of shit , can you ? 
  i just keep seeing your unnecessarily mean comments throughout / r/worldnews , a sub i always frequent and saw no reason to bite my tongue when you sure do n't see any reason to bite yours . 
  having said my piece i will now do my level best to ignore you . 
  edit : grammar, 
  stabbee-rabeye - none of the others really work for me , 
  i did n't say * jews * think other people are inferior - i said that * your comments * repeatedly compare europeans to animals . 
  that you make such analogies is indisputable : you do so yet again in the comment i am replying to . 
  it 's not an accusation if it 's indisputably true ; it 's a simple statement of fact . 
  you have toned down your rhetoric somewhat to the point where what you are now saying is close to being an indisputable statement also in that anti-semitism * is * , unfortunately , a cultural trait in * some * european cultures . 
  note the caveat : some !, 
  europe does not suffer from a homogeneous culture throughout the entire continent any more than israel does . 
  even less so in fact - israel is a single , tiny nation instead of a continent comprised of many nations . 
  each of those european nations is also internally diverse to various extents and although there are cultural differences between sephardic and ashkenazi or orthodox and secular jews they all share the same religion , language and cultural traditions ( eg kosher food , service in idf , secular public holidays ) whilst the few arabs are a tiny minority that do not contribute to the national cultural norms greatly both by their own will and that of the mainstream . 
  some european cultures do have a worse degree of ingrained predisposition to anti-semitic tendencies , notably the further east you go the worse it becomes and although anti-semites exist in all nations ( even israel ! ), 
  it is by no means an ** instinct ** as you previously stated !, 
  as to why ? 
  i think the answers to that are well understood albeit no more excusable for being so . 
  xenophobia is an atavistic trait common to all cultures and there were religious and cultural differences - dating back to roman times - that were exacerbated particularly by the catholic church for its own reasons . 
  these reasons are historical and deeply ignorant ( with the religious aspects rooted in superstition , the ultimate ignorance ) and obviously do not offer any justification ... 
  i do understand how analogies work ; my point is that it seems to me to be quite revealing that you always couch your analogies about europeans in the same terms : that we 're animalistic , savage ... 
  i 'm sorry , clearly i did n't connect my points around the toned down phrasing closely enough for it to be clear what i meant - previously you had talked about anti-semitic * instinct * ( not analogously , but literally ) whereas in your penultimate comment you talked about anti-semitic * cultural tendencies * . 
  to me that is quite significantly toned down and much closer to an objective statement . 
  anti-semitism does exist across europe , but is historically much worse in central/eastern europe and i believe that is still the case today . 
  i live in australia where there has never been a pogrom or notorious anti-semitic incident and our culture is much closer to that of western european nations than eastern ; in addition widespread reading supports my hypothesis . 
  i agree with the concept behind fool you once etc. . . and your reading of the general history of anti-semitism in europe . 
  i do n't see how i could disagree with either in fact !, 
  however , i think that viewing all modern european positions on israel as being driven by anti-semitic `` instinct '' is unnecessarily dismissive of modern europeans ' capacity for fair thinking . 
  in short saying that anything europeans say about israel should be ignored because it is probably anti-semitically driven is not only unfair and unconstructive , but incredibly divisive and hostile ... 
  that is surely a self-defeating attitude , serving only to engender continuing disagreement and conflict , as when i replied to you above to express my disagreement with how i read your portrayal of europeans itt . 
  i have n't forgotten this conversation - i just need to reply from my pc instead of my tablet and did n't have time at work today . 
  i have a * lot * of sources on definitions of fascism to quote from . 
  whilst i am not trying to argue that israel is fascist i will continue to present my case that under the current regime it is fascistic [ of or pertaining to fascism ] , ie it possesses * elements * of what defines a fascist state beyond those of any state , especially western democracies ... 
  standard disclaimer for all my comments : i do n't think israel is a fascist state or that israelis are all right-wing , i am merely referring to its ( especially under netanyahu ! ), 
  having similarities to fascist states !, 
  edit : forgot a, 
  or derails on the hose protectors ... 
  or shame on * you * for looking at them op ? 
  though now you think of it , maybe you * should * snoop , just a little bit ? 
  you know , because seeing as you trust him , you should be confident that there wo n't be anything to find ; however , if there * is * then you need to know . 
  like what is * he 's * into tentacle porn ? 
  or yiffing ? 
  in that case you need to know coz you should literally chop his balls off or something, 
  you 'd hope so , but i work in the rail industry and trains can be derailed more easily than you 'd think ... 
  not worth taking the risk to protect a hose anyway !, 
  american chicks certainly just have that certain je ne sais pas quoi , do n't they ? 
  their reputation comes from their price ; they 're more expensive so they * must * be better !, 
  it 's a pricing strategy that clearly works . 
  she 's pretty , but not the sort of girl i 'd lose my head over, 
  i do n't think it * hurts israeli credibility * any longer ; now it just * reinforces and confirms established understanding * of the * complete lack of credibility * the israeli government possesses ... 
  the `` peace fakery '' comes from netanyahu ; to state * anything * else is to merely perpetuate his lies ... 
  witness his and his colleagues overt disruption of the 2013 peace talks . 
  if you 're not self-aware enough to realise this it 's solely because you 're totally brainwashed by his government 's lies and propaganda , part of the generation of young israelis who have grown up immured in hatred and who do not yet possess the maturity or life experience to think for themselves . 
  the alternative is that you 're a simple right-wing proto-fascist troll ... 
  your facile call to people 's `` wisdom '' is ridiculous - equally hilarious and heartbreakingly pathetic . 
  are you implying election fraud , as was mooted in yesterday 's article about pollster 's red-faces after the exit-polls were so dramatically and unusually different from results ?
