  whereas i will often state that imo palestinians are at fault too , you will * never * admit the same about israelis . 
  whereas i will happily state i agree israel has every right to exist in peace and prosperity i never see you extending such thoughts to palestine . 
  this is because i am impartial and unbiased whilst you are quite literally, 
   someone blindly defending israel . 
  frankly seeing you claim that that is not the case is laughable . 
  stolen land helps keep costs down ... 
  no , no , no . 
  that 's not what he 's saying . 
  * his * life ( and by extension his family 's lives ) is precious because :, 
   the fact that i dedicate my schooling and work to helping other lives , and do n't threaten the lives of others unless in defense when threatened ? 
  he has satisfied his own standards for what makes a life precious and thus has earned the freedom to live securely thanks to his right to kill at will . 
  * your * life is n't just precious by * default * - that 's crazy talk man ... 
  yeah man , could n't agree more - heck , my trigger fingers gets itchy if i see people even just looking at my stuff ... 
  covetousness is in the ten along with actually stealing . 
  damn mexican criminals - it 's just lucky you have so much leeway when it comes to shooting them or things would be much , much worse ... 
  well , raising the bar for what constitutes an actual murder instead of a justifiable act of self-or-stuff-defence * does * help with those stats ... 
  ironically your comment about it is also tautologous ... 
  that comment was four days ago and i have been replying to your comments in * this * post ; also that comment was edited so who knows what it originally said . 
  i do , however , believe you that the edit is what you say it is and your post was not doctored and yes , you are clearly disagreeing with the israeli government 's actions . 
  accordingly i must withdraw my assertion that every comment of yours i have seen is pro-israeli apologia and apologise for saying that your claiming to be not blindly pro-israeli is laughable - in that statement i was wrong . 
  whilst not my latest comment in a palestine/israel thread ( obviously this comment is my absolute latest !, 
  ) , here are a couple of examples of my comments from 1 day ago or less :, 
  you will see that in the first comment i am expressing sympathy for the jewish victims of vandalism to synagogues whilst in the second i am discussing the issue at hand and , whilst not being supportive of israeli government policy , i am doing in a balanced manner rather than attempting to apply sweeping generalisations . 
  [ edit ] were i to look through my comment history past one day there would certainly be more comments either criticising hamas or asserting my belief that the jewish people have every right to a homeland ( or etc. . . ) . 
  i also chose an edited comment for my first example to put us on the same footing ; however , like your comment , mine too was edited at the time , not to suit this exchange . 
  i thought the ukrainian government were nazis according to the donetsk people 's republic and russian propaganda ... 
  they ca n't have it both ways !, 
  how much do you masturbate ? 
  i must say i applaud this decision by the israeli courts . 
  that is all . 
  ha ha , you 're a ` ranga ( that 's what we call gingers in australia - it 's short for orangutan ... ), 
  to be fair the current youth generation * is * lazy and entitled beyond all belief accounting for a great deal of the youth unemployment figures ... 
  they 're paying for your university - you should pay for their retirement . 
  or pay for your own university ... 
  awesome old gun you mean !, 
  why not ? 
  does n't sound like op 's parents are rolling in money to pay for their uni plus in many cultures it is the norm for children to take care of their parents in old age ... 
  we 're only hearing the entitled child 's side of the story - i wonder if it sounds different from the parents who managed to move the family to america and supported the family while they established themselves in a new country ? 
  if op wants to break with their cultural traditions and live without any responsibility to their parents then fine , but in that case they should take their hand out of the parents ' pocket now and repay them for the money already spent on their uni fees at least , plus stop living at their folk 's expense however else they currently are . 
  that 's all i 'm saying ... 
  i think he means how is beneficial for anyone * except * the criminal - the benefits from their perspective are pretty obvious ... 
  where are white americans going to go ? 
  they wo n't be welcome in many other countries , so what are they going to do - all move to ohio , kick out the other races and secede ? 
  you are very smart . 
  very smart indeed . 
  please procure a cookie for yourself . 
  being close minded is the ultimate form of stupidity ; compared to the man who will not even consider any new idea , the gullible fool is a genius . 
  or at least has far greater potential ... 
  sikhs are almost all indian ; india is in asia ... 
  in the uk `` asian '' is how indians are referred to , the article says he was attacked for `` looking asian '' . 
  whichever way you crumble that cookie there is nothing incorrect about the headline or the article ; what is it you are referring to ? 
  yeah right . 
  i live in australia and can assure you we would n't welcome an influx of white americans any more than we do any other refugees . 
  sure some would meet the criteria , but `` rolling out the red carpet '' ? 
  lol . 
  hey , i guess if it works ... 
  you 're some kind of strange aussie then , coz most people i know do n't have much time for seppos or tony abbott . 
  are you from the gold coast ? 
  [irony.net ] ( http://irony.codeplex.com/ ) is a toolkit for writing languages using c # . 
  it allows you define an ebnf grammar definition and provides a lexer and a parser that generates an abstract syntax tree from code written against the grammar you define . 
  you implement a compiler to visit each node in the ast to produce the compiled output from your program . 
  it 's similar to toolkits like yacc or lex , but implemented purely in c # , including the ebnf grammar definition . 
  i used it to write a domain specific query language that allows users to enter a search term comprised of simple domain related predicates . 
  the search term compiles to a linq expressions that is used to query our read model data store . 
  i found it great to work with - if you want to write a language using c # i 'd recommend checking it out . 
  the toolkit comes with sample grammars for various languages too that will help point you in the right direction . 
  do not pm this guy !, 
  he will be planning to rob you for all those extra euros people are telling you to bring ... 
  you 're one of them whenever israel is mentioned ... 
  i guess you 're being `` ironic '' , but why should india get away with being the greatest polluter just because they have more people ? 
  clearly if they had fewer people , the people they did have could enjoy a higher standard of living . 
  why is the onus on the west to give anything up when they can not control their population growth ? 
  the real answer is for there to be fewer indians ... 
  reparations for what ? 
  britain built the foundations of modern india - infrastructure , legal system , educational system and etc !, 
  [ india is only 1/3 the size of the us ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/india/united-states/geography ) , yet has 4x the population . 
  i think the problem would be solved if instead of trying to drag 1.2 b people - and growing - from their awful levels of poverty by increasing pollution they practiced some kind of population control whilst trying to invest in renewables at the same time as the west did the same ; sanctimoniously claiming the total is irrelevant because it 's all about per capita is certainly not an ideal solution . 
  do you understand that ? 
  i argue for controls on population growth whilst you suggest culling americans and * i 'm * the asshole ? 
  and they did [ paint the broomsticks black ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2015/02/19/germanys-army-is-so-under-equipped-that-it-used-broomsticks-instead-of-machine-guns/ ) . 
  so that 's ok . 
  i 'll just leave [ this here for you ] ( http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-soldiers-convicted-of-using-11-year-old-as-human-shield-in-gaza-1.316867 ) . 
  oh and [ this ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/israel-presses-attack-16-killed-at-un-school/2014/07/30/4a643588-17a5-11e4-85b6-c1451e622637_story.html ) ... 
  wtf ? 
  how does that even make any sense to you ? 
  india * is n't * twenty smaller countries , those hypothetical countries would still have the same total output for the same landmass and the same population - what is your point ? 
  where do you pull these comments from ? 
  i 'm not trying to say that india should n't exist - frankly that is an utterly bizarre assertion for you to imply ... 
  i have merely said that a low per capita emission rate does not limit the damage done by a high total let alone mitigate the problems caused by a rapid , untrammelled increase . 
  i have explicitly stated that the west needs to improve their emissions too and simply argued that were india not so grossly and unsustainably over-populated the indian population could enjoy a higher standard of living ; however , they are not seriously , or at least certainly not effectively , attempting to limit their population growth so their higher population should n't be used as an excuse for their massive growth in emissions when most countries are reducing their emissions . 
  why should india expect a free ride without taking responsibility for any aspect of the root issue ? 
  do any of them pollute as much in total as india ? 
  are their levels of emissions rising at an unconscionably high rate ? 
  in any case right now we 're discussing india , not 22 other countries !, 
  great attempt at whataboutism , as indeed is the whole `` but the west is worse per capita '' argument !, 
  if you insist on some kind of comparison we should be comparing india to their neighbours like pakistan , who - it must be noted - are not responsible for anything like the same level of wanton environmental damage as india ... 
  perhaps you are right , it is not precisely the total pollution , but the rise in emission levels that is specifically under discussion rather than the total . 
  however , like it or not , india is a single political entity that must bear responsibility for that egregious rise and indeed its total as it is indian government policy for the whole country is what has impacted on the emission levels and lack population control ... 
  your imaginary twenty countries would be just as irresponsible and destructive in total as india is , assuming that twenty countries all pursued the same ignorant , selfish and damaging policies as india as a single country does ... 
  i 'm glad they caught him ; people who overstay visas are a far greater problem for australia than other types of illegal immigrants who receive far more publicity ( eg boat people ) ...
