  do another one please . 
  hey you should head over there and check out the thread about the r/the _ donald mod 's comment !, 
  it 's full of great material - you 'll love it !, 
  ( i guess you 're pretty trumped up yourself , it 'll be right up your alley . 
  pun intended . ), 
  i think they just plan on letting their guns do the talking , do n't they ? 
  tbh my fingers are firmly x 'd he gets in . 
  wo n't it be hilarious ? 
  well , abbott 's saving grace * was * his stupidity - that was all that held back from being even more of an international embarrassment than he managed to make himself as it was . 
  if trump gets in some absolutely top-shelf bantz is a dead-set cert , especially as congress will have a tighter rein over his domestic policies via funding than they can over his international executive powers . 
  with a trump presidency you can expect popcorn futures to go through the roof !, 
  i think that was intentional . 
  unfortunately when conversing with seps you have to dumb yourself down , at least to a level that does n't make them freak out . 
  more people per capita is a perfectly expressed concept to americans and if one strays from that to the proper usage it confuses them ; when they get confused they get angry and from there things just snowball . 
  this is why trump [ speaks at the level of an 11 year old ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-uses-language-typical-of-children-under-11-a6936256.html ) . 
  well , partially why at least ... 
  perhaps it 's the worst insult he can think of and he just assume that anyone who is even slightly to the left of him is deserving of it ? 
  especially when it looks like * that * !, 
  there was the [ balfour declration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balfour_declaration ) of 1917 , in which the british foreign secretary , arthur balfour , promised the zionists that the british empire - which had control of palestine at that time , after capturing the entire region from the ottoman empire with arab assistance - would support the creation of an independent jewish state in palestine . 
  however , the british * also * promised control of palestine to the arabs whose revolt ( led in part by famous british orientalist and officer lawrence of arabia ) in 1916 enabled their defeat of the ottomans ( who were allied with the central powers - germany and the austro-hungarian empire - during wwi ) and the validity of their right to make such an offer to the zionists is thus highly debatable , especially by the moral standards of today . 
  in any case this promise was , of course , asked for by and given to the zionists based upon their biblical `` homeland '' argument anyway so whilst it provides another fig leaf to the colonisation of palestine by european zionists it does not fall into the category of exceptions you are asking about . 
  the zionist movement 's theories were first explicitly stated by theodr herzl in his tract , [ der judenstaat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/der_judenstaat ) , which was published in 1896 and , ironically , based on the same theoretical underpinnings of national homelands as the pan-germanism movement he observed in his native germany which led first the german unification then , via wwi , to the extreme nationalism of the nazis . 
  he - as a member of the zionist movement - chose palestine because of the biblical `` argument '' and no other reason . 
  the zionists actually began their colonisation in 1882 , with the [ first aaliyah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_aliyah ) and were always aware that this colonisation effort which aimed at creating a jewish majority in palestine ( always including an understanding that what we now call ethnic cleansing would perhaps be necessary ) would inevitably alienate and create conflict with the indigenous , * culturally * arab , population . 
  [ genetic studies ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/palestinians#dna_and_genetic_studies ) have proved , however , that modern palestinians are ethnically descended from the original , indigenous population of palestine and indeed share more commonality with the non-european portion of modern jews ' dna than any other ethnic group , indicating that they have always , contiguously lived in the region despite israeli claims to the contrary . 
  the only other claim israelis make is that the region was underpopulated and semi-abandoned when the zionists arbitrarily chose palestine as their homeland and that is why they chose it - `` a land without a people for a people without a land '' as the ( inaccurate ) zionist slogan presented it . 
  their `` evidence '' for this claim largely comes from a book that has been proven to be an academic forgery called * [ from time immemorial ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/from_time_immemorial#further_criticism ) * ; however , as i mentioned this books is riddled with falsehoods : made up statistics , misquotes and plagiarisms . 
  palestine has , in fact , been continuously populated by the palestinian people who farmed and cultivated the land , albeit using traditional methods different to those imported by the zionists . 
  obviously the horrors of the holocaust followed all this and have become part of the zionist narrative , but there is no need to discuss that here as we are all cognisant of that awful chapter of history . 
  sorry if i repeated any history you already know , but the short answer is no , there are no other reasons beyond the two you mentioned . 
  edit : please note i support israel 's right to exist and continued self-determination now that it does exist - i am merely discussing the historical contexts as per your question . 
  scotch whisky ; collecting various things including ancient artefacts , militaria/models and vinyl records ; travel and books ... 
  no civilised nation can allow or even merely condone extra-judicial executions by its citizens , especially not those sworn to defend its society . 
  to do so is to descend into a barbarism as savage as that of the terrorists . 
  there seems to be no doubt that the murdered palestinian man was guilty of a terrorist attack , but he should have been punished by the state . 
  this soldier did not have the right to take that power into his own hands and deny both the israeli people and state justice . 
  vigilantism is * not * justice . 
  this soldier has also done israel another disservice by painting the nation in his dark light . 
  israelis should be outraged by his actions , not that he is being held for investigation . 
  i think we all know that the sas ( and other tier-one western sof such as the british sbs , us army sf a-teams & sfod-d/cag operators , usn seal teams , cia sad/sog troops and etc ) have been directing airstrikes at the very least for some time , as well as carrying out direct actions ( as evidenced by the [ death of delta operator m.sgt . 
  joshua wheeler on an isis hostage rescue mission within syria during october ' 15 ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2015/10/23/what-the-armys-top-secret-commando-unit-delta-force-is-doing-back-in-iraq/ ) ) , but wtf has it got to do with the bloody king of jordan ? 
  he also shot his mouth off just the other day about rjaf and iaf f-16s `` challenging '' russian aircraft near the syrian border ... 
  i wonder how the sas and idf feel about having this relatively irrelevant old geezer blabbing about their activities ? 
  especially israel 's `` challenging '' of putin 's ruaf - playing pr games with putin can get your fingers burnt rather nastily on his capricious whim , something israel and russia seems to have gone to go to great lengths together to avoid - up until now ... !, 
  this hashemite king might have his own political ends in sight , but he 's not helping the forces he 's talking this crap about one bit . 
  the ambulance video has him saying `` this guy deserves to die '' ( or words to that * exact * effect ) before walking up to him and making his opinion reality ... 
  the videos makes it seem that there was no fear of any bomb vests . 
  even netanyahu has come out and said this soldier has to be investigated . 
  the israeli state was denied its right to impose justice by this `` soldier '' and his decision to steal that right from the state and people of israel , taking it into his own hands , despite being sworn to defend israel and uphold its societal values . 
  barbarism such a cold-blooded murder is surely not representative of israel 's values , is it ? 
  [ he 's coming right for us !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt6kkhlx8vu ), 
  there seems to be no doubt that the murdered palestinian man was guilty of a terrorist attack , but he should have been punished by the state . 
  this soldier did not have the right to take that power into his own hands and deny both the israeli people and state justice . 
  imo he , who swore to defend israeli society , betrayed both state and people by denying them their right to exact justice whilst simultaneously personally descending to a level of barbarism similar to the terrorist he shot . 
  vigilantism is not justice . 
  edit : wording , as i feel i may have failed to make my meaning as clear than it might have been . 
  hopefully i have now expressed my thoughts better . 
  the substance , however , remains exactly the same . 
  moreover , these countries have agreed to recognise israel formally as a cornerstone of the [ arab initiative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_peace_initiative ) peace deal , which , since 2002 , israel has studiously ignored . 
  many of these arab countries already have fairly strong ties with israel in defiance of iran , just not ties either party will as yet openly admit . 
  israel is a sovereign nation and most certainly * does * have the right not just to continued existence , but also self-determination , peace and prosperity . 
  why do * you * , op , think that israel does * not * have this right ? 
  i get that vibe from many israelis ' posts tbh . 
  not just in this sub , but on r/israel too . 
  it 's great every time an israel adds his or her voice to the moral majority 's weight of outrage as that is what will influence what happens next . 
  i agree , but we should * all * stick to this level-headed approach . 
  i get the feeling many israelis want to see justice prevail , which is great . 
  there have certainly been unambiguous statements to the effect the soldier said `` he deserves to die '' and shot him , but you 're right , we do n't yet know the full story . 
  so far the official israeli response does appear to be textbook . 
  i hope i did n't give the wrong impression in my previous comment ; i only meant to indict extra-judicial execution , not the idf . 
  one difference is time . 
  america was finished being colonised a lot longer ago than israel was even formed and in israel illegal territorial expansion is still ongoing with the illegal settlements in the occupied territories . 
  the world 's morals and international laws have moved on since both the american settlement era and wwii , but israel colonised the palestinians post-wwii just as all other colonies were being dismantled . 
  treaties were signed with the native americans whereas israel will not come to agreement with the palestinians ( many israelis will not even acknowledge they even exist as a country ) and the violence and oppression in the occupied territories is horrific . 
  there are also millions of palestinian refugees still living in terrible conditions in refugee camps 68 years after israel ethnically cleansed them from their homes during the '48 war - an issue which clearly requires a resolution . 
  some of the criticism of israel is also driven by anti-semirism also - both from arab states and some western leftists ( eg the bds movement ) . 
  i think the main answer though is that israeli colonisation is still ongoing in the wb and so recent in israel proper . 
  let me just say that i am not the best person to answer these questions as i do support israel 's right to existence and continued self-determination ; however , the region ( the levant particularly , but the me in general too ) , it 's people and history interest me greatly and i do also take an interest in the plight of the palestinians so possess a reasonable general knowledge of the topics and issues . 
  i just ca n't answer directly for those who say israel has no right to exist because i strongly disagree with that pov !, 
  i do not support the settlement of the wb , but that is - for me at least - an entirely seperate issue from supporting israel 's right to exist as you are asking about . 
  with that out of the way , the difference between say jordan or lebanon , both of which are relatively new near eastern ( west asian ) states , and israel is less the leadership than the population . 
  the zionist movement was one born of european jews who colonised a foreign land and evicted its indigenous population - the culturally arab , but ethnically local to palestine ( sharing much more dna commonality with the non-european part of modern jewish dna than any other ethnic group ) palestinians . 
  ergo , whilst the hashemite king of jordan may have been installed not * that * long before israel 's formation , the family is at least indigenous to the region as are his subjects . 
  the jordanian regime seems to be relatively benign though , unlike the ksa for example , which truly is highly oppressive . 
  again though , the sauds are locals and rule over a native population ( even though imo they are worse than israel in every way , except they are n't engaged in colonialism - a behaviour the world has evolved beyond almost everywhere except in palestine ... ) . 
  a lot of people think the west should not support ksa either too . 
  yeah , it really is like shooting ( woo-hoo , guns ! ), 
  fish in a barrel . 
  it 's no fun with those guys - they 're not funny , just hateful , inadequate bastards . 
  they 're kind of like meatspace trolls who happen to have drunk their own kool-aid and there is n't any point in laughing at trolls because any attention whatsoever simply feeds them . 
  that 's my view of it anyway and i think it 's good op has brought it up . 
  it 's almost as if we were to pull quotes of r/murica !, 
  `` normal '' seppo thinking is quite hilarious enough and there 's enough of it around to keep this sub vibrant , like , forever ... ( pops bubblegum . ), 
  as well as the suggested classics - marlowe , chandler & etc - and modern standards such as the great james ellroy already mentioned , i would very much recommend philip kerr 's bernie gunther series about a german detective ( police and private ) whose career spans the early '30s to the '50s including wwii . 
  pre-war , wwii and post-war germany all offer ample scope for some very noir themes indeed and kerr 's writing is superb . 
  he writes very much in the style of the above mentioned authors in a classic hard-bitten mould and the entire series maintains the same standard of quality . 
  for a modern , la-set neo-noir/hard-bitten author i would also recommend michael connelly 's series featuring his lapd detective hieronymus `` harry '' bosch . 
  again these books pay more than a nod to the classics and feature la , the classic noir city , but are set in a more modern time . 
  quick , do a til ...
