  she 's so loud !, 
  yeah , sure - we 've all had the same question at every single job interview ever attended ; however , i do think `` too well prepared '' is n't a weakness . 
  you need to strike a balance between `` honesty '' ( ie actually admitting to something that is at least a minor , but genuine flaw , albeit not a critical one ) and over-sharing ( eg `` i keep a bottle of scotch and a crack pipe in my desk drawer at every place i work '' ... ) . 
  your `` too much attention to detail '' example is better than `` too well prepared '' . 
  it 's hard to be too well prepared in a work context imo . 
  and people say the saudi justice system is so harsh and cruel as to be medieval !, 
  they let this woman go after only too months , with all her appendages !, 
  i mean ffs she literally drove a car . 
  i think they 're pretty lenient . 
  anything you cook and eat eventually turns brown ; meat just does so more quickly . 
  who said anything about lying ... ? 
  i 'm just saying if the `` best '' fault you can come up with is actually a strength then you 're not playing the game very well . 
  everybody has faults , i 'm sure everyone can come up with one they can admit to that strikes the right balance . 
  you * can * trust mr putin 's actions . 
  they will always follow the most batshit crazy path possible , involve a great deal of chest-beating and posturing and see him renege on any agreement he may have previously made . 
  understanding his precise motivations is more difficult : obviously retention and expansion of personal wealth , power and influence is a given , as is a complete lack of concern for the opinions or suffering of others , however , beyond that they grow opaque . 
  i for one favour the autism theory . 
  you forgot the comma before the `` but '' in your first sentence . 
  as you were ~ ~ joking ~ ~ joining two clauses it was necessary . 
  hope that helps you in your future commenting endeavours !, 
  edit : gee thanks . 
  some kind redditor could have pointed out the mistake in * my * comment . 
  helping people should ideally be a two-way street !, 
   they 're * a gas, 
  i 'm perfectly capable of processing the intent of a comment whilst simultaneously being irritated by the unnecessary difficulty in parsing it that poor grammar causes . 
  this is a point that has been made elsewhere in this thread ; the other highly pertinent point is that if people are n't helped out by having their - sometimes egregious - mistakes explained to them , how will they ever learn to write correct english ? 
  if mistakes are never noted they may start to feel that writing properly does n't matter , when in fact it often has a massive impact upon how others perceive your intelligence and level of education . 
  i can sympathise with esl commenters who may be making a very good effort considering the extent of their understanding of english at the point that they wrote a given comment , but surely they benefit more greatly than anybody else and are in fact more likely to appreciate the help ? 
  yep , because * every * child killed in the course of the gwot ( and vietnam , grenada , panama or palestine by us donated weaponry for that matter ) had a bomb strapped to them ... 
  source : american sniper, 
  i think some credence has to be given to the domino theory ... 
  communist expansionist aggression was certainly a very real threat to world peace and democracies throughout the world during the cold war and had the west - led by the usa - not taken the stands they did ( korea , vietnam , cuban missile crisis , berlin airlift and etc ) the result would have been further , untrammelled communist aggression . 
  who knows how * that * would have turned out ? 
  neither a nuclear ww3 when the communists eventually pushed a step too far nor a communist `` victory '' in the cold war would have been fantastic outcomes . 
  a lot of things about vietnam were terrible , and terribly mishandled , but i still believe a stand was necessary and had a positive net outcome for the world today . 
  my pleasure . 
  i do n't use facebook , but when i did i never proffered grammatical advice . 
  reddit is a very different forum . 
  i would n't usually correct such a simple mistake as your example , unless i felt its author was a jerk and i wanted to yank their chain . 
  everybody makes such simple mistakes - especially if typing on a phone and battling autocorrect !, 
  sometimes , however , there is a place for it as i explained above . 
  he may as well - it 's not like they can get each other pregnant so what 's the problem , 
  you * did * say ask you anything . 
  it 's a valid question and not necessarily mocking you ; even if it was it would have been more mature to just answer and move on than get all uptight and self-righteous about it . 
  it 's impressive what you 're doing with the project and highly laudable , particularly as many people your age seem to be desensitised to the abuses of privacy that have become the new normal as they 've matured ; however , you 're a person too , not just a mouthpiece for a cause . 
  if you 'll accept my 2 cents , just lighten up a bit and enjoy being a sixteen year old guy * as well as * a civil libertarians , 
  well it was the other guy 's question , but i think it 's good you answered , even though the answer did n't really matter . 
  it 's good you 've kissed a girl too man , 
  i think what you 're doing is really important , lost rights are rarely recovered and certainly never without the efforts of people like you !, 
  good on you . 
   straight male here, 
  are you quite sure about that ? 
  not that it matters either way , it just seems - especially coupled with the rest of your comment - to be a case of methinks he doth protest too much ... 
  edit : read my other comment below - i 'm not saying that sitting down to pee is a gay trait , just calling out op for doing so and wondering if he might be a classically homophobic latent homosexual . 
  i do n't care about people 's sexuality , it 's all cool as far as i 'm concerned , 
  i doubt this is news to the israeli regime . 
  the current government 's policy seems to be very much focussed on collective punishment to sustain the conflict - it would n't work if you actually targeted only militants because that would eliminate those who perform the attacks against israel that `` justify '' israeli `` responses '' and have a far lesser effect in terms of fuelling resentment and ongoing anger . 
  the tragedy therefore is n't limited to the sufferings of these innocent palestinians , but also extends to the innocent israeli civilians who are injured in revenge attacks by palestinians whose rage is further fuelled by the deaths of their defenceless families . 
  and so the cycle continues as nauseum ... 
  i did n't say it was , it was * his * need to affirm how straight he was coupled with the entirety of his comment that made me question just why he felt he had to tell the world what his sexual orientation happens to be . 
  it all just made me wonder if he was one of those virulently homophobic latent homosexuals . 
  i honestly do n't have a problem with anybody 's sexuality , it 's their business and whether you 're straight , gay , bi or sexually identity as a dragonkin does n't phase me in the slightest ( though i might titter under my breath if you dress up as a dragon in your daily life ) . 
  op is the person making a big deal about and i just wondered why . 
  no need to get sanctimonious on me , why do n't you tell him what you told me ? 
  he actually does seem to think there 's some connection ffs !, 
  you might notice i have n't replied to any other of the self-confessed sitters to question * their * sexuality ... 
  and the kama sutra, 
  that 's what he 's hoping for you fool !, 
  do n't fall for his reverse psychology trickery ... 
  i relieved my old girl of her pain and suffering about six months ago and know exactly how you 're feeling man . 
  if he was sick and not going to get better keeping him around for a while for your own sake would just be cruel - as hard as it is , letting them go is a sign of your love . 
  missing them does n't go away , but remember how much better you made each other 's lives and you can always enjoy thinking about him instead of just hurting ... 
  you do realise he 's talking about how the idf attempts to manipulate world opinion with the `` human shield '' narrative and actually use palestinian civilians as human shields themselves do n't you ? 
  i just point this out because your other comment seems to be defending the actions of the idf rather than supporting op 's comment ... 
  or it could just be titled `` the hairbrush '', 
  as the other commenter 's links explain , whilst idf soldiers * do * use palestinian civilians as human shields , mine-detectors and etc , i do n't think there 's * any * evidence of idf brainwashing or using palestinians to perform their attacks . 
  why would they anyway ? 
  they have plenty of f-16s with jdams , wp artillery shells , apaches with hellfires and various other very deadly ordnance and weapons systems that are often the very latest in us military hardware !, 
  there 's no need to embellish the truth with hyperbolic , unproven accusations - it does n't help . 
  the idf do enough already and making stuff up just muddies the water . 
  they are n't evil super-villains either , set on weird and wacky plans like brainwashing children !, 
  another thing , albeit slightly off topic , that should be borne in mind is that it 's not even the idf members who are the savages , they 're `` just following orders '' . 
  it 's the right-wing elements of the israeli government who are behind this kind of stuff . 
  i quite agree . 
  at least one may turn the sprinklers on when kids dare to violate the sanctity of a lawn . 
  or release the dogs !, 
  i guess i 'm just a loquacious kind of guy ... 
  in any case i was defending myself from the unfair slur made against my comment , not my sexuality . 
  you 're making a logical error by conflating the two issues . 
  was it a labrador ? 
  * always get goldens and labs confused ... 
  not colby then, 
  if so it 's gone for good . 
  does n't current ( conspiracy ) theory hold that all the gold in fort knox - which has n't been audited since the '70s or so - was replaced by playdough spray-painted gold or something ? 
  yep reddit for me too . 
  sometimes days pass where that and occasionally allowing myself to be disturbed for a meeting or to solve a tricky technical issue one of my colleagues has locked horns with and failed to solve over an extended period already ... 
  literally days . 
  i 'd believe it more if they were talking about meth ... 
  cheerleader effect in that case . 
  the ugly one 's still in there .
