  on one hand , that poor guy . 
  on the other , wtf did he expect when he went souveniring in literally north korea ? 
  to be 100 % clear about this , we do n't call the politicians bogans ... 
  our name for * them * is `` bastards '' . 
   no other country in the world tries as hard as israel does to avoid civilians during war . 
  it dropped leaflets , knocked on roofs , and even called civilians ' homes to tell them to evacuate . 
  yeah , a lot of countries do this and have done so going back at least as far as wwii . 
  the veracity of israel 's claims in this area have also been questioned , notably by the un 's report on the ( surely intentionally ) ironically name `` operation protective edge '' . 
  the effectiveness of these efforts is - no matter how hard israel * claims * to be trying - absolutely abysmal . 
  even going by the idf 's own figures more civilians than combatants were killed in their `` self-defence '' attacks on gaza . 
  it 's strange that a military that is technically competent enough to carry out highly complex operations such as the destruction of syria 's nk supplied nuclear reactor is incapable of avoiding targets such as the un schools it * knew * were being used as civilian bomb shelters . 
  in fact the deliberate targeting of bomb shelters makes an absolute mockery of the idf 's claims to be trying to avoid civilian casualties with warnings : even if a family does receive such a warning , to where do they go when even the shelters are targeted ? 
  as with so much of the information coming from the israeli regime 's highly effective , if less highly principled , propaganda machine the facts simply do not support their assertions . 
  how is `` an israeli think-tank '' * any * more trustworthy than the un , or even the gazans ? 
  all of israel 's so-called evidence of its own probity and the legality of its actions comes solely from israeli sources . 
  these sources are held up as somehow being utterly trustworthy and immune from bias , despite their being israeli mouthpieces and their findings being completely at odds with * all other commentary * . 
  it is ridiculous , and entirely typical of israel 's overweening arrogance that they believe the world will simply accept their fictions without question whilst they simultaneously brand any criticism of their actions as `` bias '' . 
  remember , literally half of the israeli population support ethnic cleansing * by their own admission * , yet it is these same people whom we are supposed to trust to self-police and self-report on their ongoing crimes . 
  enough with the empty condemnations - bring on the sanctions !, 
  the bds * movement * is anti-semitic poison that no moral person can , in good conscience , support given its openly stated goals of wiping israel off the map ; however , israel will surely remain intractable until greater international pressure is applied . 
  sanctions are the obvious route for applying such pressure , but they must come from the un , eu and usa - not bds - to carry moral authority . 
  peace with egypt and jordan was only arrived at following international pressure to hand back the occupied sinai , combined with israel 's realisation post-yom kippur war that they might not always win a war against their neighbours . 
  international pressure to hand the occupied wb and gaza to the indigenous population is , it becomes clearer and clearer , the only way to end this square mile by square mile creeping annexation of the wb and thus ensure not only the palestinians right to self-determination , but also israel 's own security . 
  that 's why [ legendary aussie cricketer brett lee is now a bollywood movie star ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unindian ) !, 
  the indian cricket fans certainly love the game . 
  all over the world indians congregate to watch and play cricket with a passion unmatched by other fans . 
  it seems ( as a non-indian ) to be a great pillar of diaspora communities and , in commonwealth countries at least , a point of interaction between indian immigrants and their hosts . 
  that this pakistani lawyer is trying to turn cricket into another point of contention between india and pakistan shows what a massive dick he must be !, 
  sure , easy - [ here 's one where the allies warned the citizens of caen in france of an impending attack ] ( https://books.google.com.au/books?id=nvntawaaqbaj&amp;pg=pt83&amp;lpg=pt83&amp;dq=caen+air+raid+civilian+warning&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=x8r6qwrxel&amp;sig=tke0hqxxuef_qgocfb0zc4zvrg8&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjxkot_wcblahwhxaykhecpc-yq6aeildad#v=onepage&amp;q=caen%20air%20raid%20civilian%20warning&amp;f=false ) , but it is far from the only instance . 
  for a simple , concise source that mentions many other instances - including japan in wwii , vietnam , afghanistan ( both the ussr and nato ) and the gulf war , i 'll [ leave you the appropriate wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airborne_leaflet_propaganda ) ... 
  the idf is not a special , uniquely compassionate , snowflake after all , is it ? 
  your ignorance on this does not surprise me - the israeli propaganda * does * make out the idf is unique in this actually very common practice and you have very clearly drunk the kool aid , as it were . 
  ksa is but one member of the 18 members of the hrc , and its members change every three years . 
  you ca n't dismiss the entire organisation off hand because you personally take exception to a single member - it 's just more smoke and mirrors trying to do so . 
  did you ever consider that israel has received so many resolutions criticising its behaviour because of the inordinate length of the occupation , the sheer number of human rights violations and because it ignores every single one of them , thus forcing the un to keep issuing more ? 
  the flip side to your claim is that israel has ignored more un resolutions than any other country ... 
  the rest of your comment is a bewildering mixture of apologia ( `` well mistakes happen when you 're bombing the shit out a civilian city '' ... ) , gibberish ( why do you keep pasting in chunks of my comment as quotes , then immediately underneath as normal text ? 
  i do n't get your point ... ) and purely conjectural mud-throwing . 
   you always show up in these threads , say something beyond belief , and then do anything to back it up . 
  here you are doing it again . 
  you then , as is your wont , finish with yet another attack against me personally for daring to express an opinion and provide facts that are contradictory to your `` facts '' and opinions . 
  the irony of your claiming that * i * turn up and `` say something beyond belief '' is thick enough to cut with a knife , coming from the guy who wrote this comedic gem on the topic of how there * is * apartheid in the wb - with the israelis being the `` blacks '' , lol :, 
   only difference is , south africa had whites imposing apartheid with 0 justification . 
  blacks had no control over the situation . 
  here , what you have is the blacks ( jews , in this case ) able to defend themselves from the apartheid state of white south africa ( palestine , in this case , which privileges islamic sharia law and where 63 % of palestinians support killing jewish civilians ) . 
  the israeli security concerns are certainly real and justified , but i do not think agree that ending oppression will lead to more violence . 
  it is entirely counter-intuitive , unless you subscribe to the belief that palestinians are incapable of rationally acting in their own self-interest because they so befuddled by bloodlust for jews ... 
  i would see sanctions purely as a mechanism to provide leverage to encourage israel back to the negotiating table . 
  i share your concerns about such a move further entrenching israel 's siege mentality , but , nonetheless , what other options are there open to the international community ? 
  knocking on roofs - aka bombing the building with a * small * bomb before the full size one comes ... 
  it 's certainly an innovative way to reduce casualties , but i can see why it is n't effective . 
  you did not ask for examples of other such `` innovative '' ways of `` warning '' civilians - you only asked for one country who had also provided warnings and i provided plenty . 
  until very , very recently sending mass smses was not a technological possibility ; in fact , for all the examples provided leaflets were the only possible means of conveying a warning . 
  i 'm surprised you think they had sms in wwii or even the gulf war - mobiles have not been around all that long . 
  google it and you 'll see i 'm right . 
  oh , it was all * implied * , was it ? 
  for someone so demanding of specificity from others you sure cut yourself a lot of slack in the expression of your own opinions and ideas . 
  i 'll let your own words , as quoted above , speak for themselves . 
  everyone can read what you wrote . 
   and i never insulted you personally , i said you show up and make absurd claims . 
  that 's attacking your comments , not you personally . 
  a general attack on * all * comments is not attacking their content , but their author . 
   what a joke , you ran from facts by mischaracterizing comments and ignoring them when you could n't . 
  beyond a vague implication that you 're right and i 'm wrong , what does that even mean ? 
  you do n't see just a little projection going on here ? 
  again the irony is savage . 
  i completely acknowledge all of the issues you raise ; however , fatah has acknowledged israel for a long time now and that is no longer a sticking point . 
  the ror issue is one thing that the palestinians have n't yet given up on because it is their strongest card : they wo n't surrender it until they get a good deal in return , but i think that they realise that 's all it really is . 
  some palestinian refugees will have to be absorbed by israel as a token as much as anything else ( selected to reunite families and on other , similar concerns i imagine ) , but for a good land and reparations deal i am certain they * will * give it up . 
  it is completely unrealistic to believe israel will absorb 5m + palestinian refugees and i am sure even they realise that . 
  remember jordan and israel used to be implacable enemies , but now cooperate to the point the idf has handed attack helicopters over to the jordanian military . 
  whilst the conflict goes on of course people from both sides will remain angry and express hardline opinions , but public posturing does not necessarily express what they are truly willing to accept . 
  with jordan and egypt , as i said above , it took international pressure to achieve peace , but since then things have just kept improving . 
  this is why i think international pressure is necessary . 
  obviously the palestinians would have to be held to the same standards as israel during negotiations , with support for them withdrawn if they refused . 
  it is very complex , but the current situation is untenable and really does need to be resolved . 
  given there is so much bad-blood between both sides and that , as you say , `` palestinians do not like israelis and vice versa '' outside influence is obviously the only way to break the logjam . 
  left alone it just keeps getting worse and worse for both peoples - the palestinians suffer under a brutal occupation ( and a brutal political regime of their own ) whilst israel becomes more and more of a pariah state even as its civilian population is attacked by terrorists . 
  the article says the necropants keep producing money for ever so long as someone steps into them immediately after the previous wearer removes them - for all we know there could still be many icelanders running around wearing the family necropants under their regular clothes and raking in all those sweet , sweet necrodollars ... 
  i loved a book called * the eagle of the ninth * by rosemary sutliffe , about a lost roman legion and the eagle from its standard set in roman-era britain . 
  it is a great book , written for children , but enjoyed by adults also . 
  it would be very interesting to know each commenter 's age to see how people 's opinions differ as they mature !, 
  i think the answer depends greatly on age , but generally parents should use a light touch if they do browse their child 's private messages . 
  obviously younger children are more vulnerable and need more protection , but privacy is an important right too . 
  another commenter mentions that what the initial ground rules were is also significant , as is who pays the bills and i would second both of those points also . 
  what happened man ? 
  you started out pretty reasonable , but then with each comment degenerated further and further into spitting out ignorant bigotry , hatred and bile . 
  you have to remember the zionists started all this by deciding they magically deserved a chunk of palestine because they wanted a `` safe space '' and decided palestine would be it . 
  they have no other right to the land than considering themselves special snowflakes who deserved someone else 's country . 
  your comment clearly expresses your contempt not just for palestinians or all arabs , but for the entire rest of the world and the concepts of international law and diplomatic norms that other countries adhere to . 
  i guess had you been surveyed by pew you would have been in the `` yes to ethnic cleansing '' half of the israeli population ? 
  attitudes such as those you just expressed so clearly are exactly why sanctions and international intervention are necessary . 
  if israel does n't need the rest of the world , then what do you have to fear from sanctions anyway ? 
  most arab countries * are * significantly better of than palestine ; you are perfectly correct when you say israel should just withdraw . 
  israel being formed thanks to the world 's sympathy for the plight of the jews post-holocaust to spare them from further racism and oppression , but israel then turning around and immediately inflicting the same crap they had to put up with for centuries on the native palestinians ... 
  there is an book of short stories from the same universe called `` the ladies of grace adieu and other stories '' which i really enjoyed and susanna clarke is working on another novel set a few years after `` jonathon strange and mr norell '' so hopefully it wo n't be too long before your wish is granted !, 
  the bbc production is excellent , is n't it ? 
  the effort against napoleon in portugal and then at waterloo was pretty well handled , but during that period for the most part the british army was little more than a colonial police force ... 
  the arabs fought the ottomans in palestine in conjunction with the british - have you really never heard of lawrence of arabia ? 
  not everything is about jews being jews ; certainly anti-semites exist and no doubt dislike israel 's existence as a jewish state , but everything i read and my own opinions are based purely on israeli behaviour and are entirely disconnected from ethnicity or religion .
