  umm , like ~ ~ rule of law ~ ~ errr not that either . 
  well definitely like ~ ~ democratic and totes not cryptofascistic racist apartheid state ~ ~ goddammit , not that either . 
  ok then , let 's see . 
  oh yeah - gays are allowed pride parades ( although these often result in gay people being slaughtered by the ultra-orthodox , who seem to view such events as convenient roundups of potential victims . . ), 
  ah crap , i tried , but i 'm not doing that great a job - i think one of the hasbara hordes should pick this one up . 
  what they write may not be any better at excusing israeli crimes , but they do manage to write much more while trying to than i was able to . 
  oh well , i hope at least now the little hasbarim will stop trying to claim my comments are not balanced : i mean , i tried ffs !, 
  exactly how many refugees do you think we ought to be flying in from the millions currently available for us to import ? 
  qatar , ksa , uae all have good hospitals . 
  lebanon 's infrastructure suffers the exact same issue as palestine 's : regular infestations of idf stormtroopers saying their bloodlust via untrammelled & inexcusable aggression so that 's not the best example to use !, 
  egypt and jordan have also both been the victims of israel 's aggression too , though jordan does actually have hospitals that are significantly better than those in palestine . 
  edit : removed less than balanced phrasing , replaced with neutral language . 
  i have some reaper mash ( from a different manufacturer ) : it is * intensely * hot . 
  lebanon , egypt and jordan have all suffered at the hands of the various depraved lunatics who have comprised generations of israeli regime leadership ( eg ' 56 , '67 for egypt . . ) ; surprised you do n't know the history . 
  wrt edit , i mainly just removed a somewhat risqu\u00e9 joke : i try to be the balanced , unbiased voice of decency and humanistic reason in these threads and did n't want to undo that , let alone cause offence for the sake of a matza joke . 
  israel should withdraw from all of occupied palestine ; morally i fail to see how anyone who supports the israeli regime has a leg to stand on when calling for other actors in the region to play by the rules !, 
  israel of course considers itself exempt from all laws , or other restraint : statutory , natural , moral - israel 's regime pays literally no heed . 
  furthermore , hezbollah were formed to protect the southern lebanese from the depredations of the vicious idf stormtroopers , who in an act of wanton bloodlust , invaded lebanon in the first place !, 
   crossed into occupied palestine and liberated two idf stormtroopers , freeing them from their evil obligation to commit war crimes as members of the least moral gang of thugs in history ( idf ), 
  ftfy, 
  * note : they only defend themselves i the sense attack is the best form of defence . 
  however , their judgement is perennially clouded by the regime 's and idf 's leadership 's insatiable bloodlust , so much of the `` pre-emptive defence '' is entirely unjustified under any sane analysis . 
  were israel to grant citizenship and native title to the indigenous population of palestine as we in australia have much of my criticism of the regime would cease ; were israel to end its illegal occupation , surrender its rogue nuclear power status and cease its grotesque civil rights abuses ( apartheid ) my criticism would be silenced . 
  australia 's history is certainly problematic ; however , at least we are trying instead of unleashing war in response for the most trivial of provocations as is israel 's wont . 
   killed tens of people, 
  so israel murders tens of thousands . 
  seems fair . . ( / s - many pro-israelis literally do think it * is * fair . . ), 
  israel is yet to denounce its own terrorist founders - the irgun , the stern gang , lehi : all were worse than hezb , yet israelis still have n't excoriated their memory . 
  when they do then we can start to consider israel 's cryptofascist regime as something other than an evil cancer . 
  the occupation per se is legal ( if morally indefensible ) , you 're technically correct , although everything else - settlement , ethnic cleansing , apartheid - most certainly is not under part iv of the geneva convention to which israel is party . 
  there is no comparison between modern australia and modern israel - perhaps between colonial era australia and colonial era ( ie present day ) israel , but even then we are infinitely morally superior : at least we aim to help even if those past efforts were perhaps a tad misguided by modern mores . 
  if israel grants ror to * all * the indigenous palestinians and pays compensation then we may perhaps consider israel somewhat less barbaric than we currently must . 
  where do you get millions from ? 
  there never were millions of australian aboriginals . . 
  the most conservative , israeli propaganda , figures , put palestinian casualties in the tens of thousands . 
  wtf has this got to do with jews ? 
  israelis may be ruled by a wicked cryptofascist regime , but that is scarcely because the are jewish . 
  meaningless platitudes about condemning groups like lehi or the hagganah mean nothing when the state continues to pay pensions and laud these vicious , evil men - electing them and their direct political descendants to power . 
  did you know [ jabotinsky ( indubitably one of the most evil men in history ) is the most popular street name in israel ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-3476622,00.html ) ? 
  that says more than token condemnation in a vain effort to appear civilised . 
  whataboutism . 
  we are discussing the crimes of israel , not australian history . 
  how about the kids shot dead for picking up pebbles . 
  that 's murder in decent folks ' book . 
  only * israeli * `` experts '' praise the idf , you need to stick your head outside the propaganda bubble once in a while . 
  i 'm glad you 've clarified your position re : fascism ( and excuses for thereof ) ; it explains a lot . 
  there were literally thousands of ( knowingly - ergo one must say deliberately - targeted ) civilian casualties in ' 14 . 
  if that is your shining light of israeli civility then , coupled with your excuses for fascism , the overall beliefs underpinning the bizarre belief israel is not a barbarous pseudostate are clear . 
  why this fixation on australia ? 
  you must literally be the only person in the entire known universe who would argue australia is `` worse '' than israel . 
  seriously , i have never seen this posited , yet you are absolutely obsessed by this bizarre notion . 
  and what `` threat '' about what `` crimes '' of lebanon ? 
  the crime of a defensive military posture ? 
  considering the relative kill ratios , yes - the weapons used by the idf are consideredably more lethal than the pebbles are . 
  how about israel 's murder of the american peace monitor woman , [ rachel corrie ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/i-saw-israeli-bulldozer-kill-rachel-corrie-1919464.html ) , killed in an horrific and public display of israeli barbarity ? 
  or how about israel 's long standing history of extrajudicial killing by mossad death squads in third countries ? 
  all israelis have innocents ' blood on their hands , at least until we can start the mass war crimes trials to sort the actual killers and their masters out from the general mass of normal israeli people trying to live their lives in the grim shadow of their leaders ' brutality . 
  at this point israel 's regime may as well do the big reveal where they tear off the mask of civility and say `` ha , we planned to take the whole area and colonise it with our evil settlers all along , you suckers were just too stupid to notice '' while cackling in paroxysms of evil glee . . 
  i mean they are n't even trying to pretend that 's not the situation anymore , are they ? 
  time for the west to impose swingeing sanctions , organise war crimes trials for every israeli who has served in the idf and demilitarise the israeli regime if we ever want to see peace in the me !, 
   there are over 40 muslim states ; a jewish one should be allowed to exist, 
  i guess , though what the number of muslim states has to do with it is nonsense outside of the crazy world of israeli propaganda . 
  however , the jewish people abrogated any meaningful connection to palestine over *** 2000 years ago *** when they - hilariously really - decided they would rather try their luck fighting rome than pay their dues for the pax romana and were - entirely predictably - booted out , a situation they then profited from within europe for generations until the unfortunate events of the '40s . 
  so yes , a jewish state , why not ? 
  but why on earth steal palestine having basically voluntarily given it up ? 
  the only answers are `` magic sky fairy '' and - more realistically - because herzl et al chose palestine . 
  israel should simply be relocated to the jewish independent oblast in russia - which was gifted to them voluntarily after all !, 
  problem solved . 
  it 's not a lie , the oblast exists . 
  it 's there to be a jewish homeland the moment you guys wake up and smell the coffee . 
  israel is nothing more nor less than a reincarnation of the crusader state in the exact same region roughly one thousand years ago and shall eventually fail in the same manner , unfortunately , but utterly inevitably . 
  modern jews are an alien people , transplanted in for religio-political reasons and as territorial adventurism - exactly as were the christian crusaders . 
  as i explained the jewish people 's connection to palestine was broken by their own actions two thousand years ago . 
  furthermore , for a connection prior to the ludicrous tantrum thrown at the great imperator vespasian and his magnificent son titus , the torah is the strongest `` evidence '' - i mean there is literally zero archaeological evidence of david or solomon , let alone that any temple other than that of the roman puppet herod ever existed . 
  you can not have palestine just because you feel some vague , inchoate connection - it belongs to the indigenous palestinian population !, 
  only in israel and america is this considered a topic of debate , to the rest of the world the amorality of jewish colonialism in palestine is manifestly obvious . 
  my username refers to the sicarii , the ancient jewish sect who essentially invented political terrorism and is a reminder that violence is cyclical : as you sow , thus shall you reap and all that . 
  sorry , but herzl was a wicked man who must bear the odium of the current conflict in the me personally . 
  it 's not cool to venerate such an evil man . 
  has anyone read both series ? 
  are the * warrior of rome * books as interesting ? 
  i really enjoyed the history and premise of the * throne of the caesars * , but am wondering if the * warrior * books , which seem to be based around a fictional soldier as opposed to the * throne * books * masters of rome * ( colleen mccullough ) style historical fiction . 
  given he is an oxford classics lecturer i am hopeful , but would enjoy any opinions anyone has to share . . 
  how much do you guys spend on food each week/month ? 
  i am trying to work out if what i spend is typical , but simply out of interest and not because i think i need to change . 
  my interest is partially due to regularly assessing my budget , but more just because people and what they do are interesting . 
  i 'm not asking for advice , just for people to share * their * experiences to satisfy my personal curiosity . 
  i 'm a single guy , who lives alone , but am interested in anyone 's story as i can extrapolate relative costs from households ' , if you do n't mind stating how many people you are talking about taking care of . 
  obviously being a single bloke allows me a bit more indulgence than if i had to feed dependents , but i 'm not interested in a pissing contest - i 'm just interested to know what the norm is . 
  for context , i eat pretty healthily with lots of fresh food and barely any pre-packaged/procressed food . 
  i can and do cook . 
  i cook almost all my own meals at home , making at least one bulk dinner each week that i then portion out and freeze so in my freezer i have lunches for work ready to grab in the morning . 
  i eat out usually only friday lunch and maybe one evening a week ; i scarcely ever eat takeaway . 
  i do n't buy junk food , though i do buy nice cheese ( for example ) and so on for snacks . 
  i drink 1-2 coffees from a coffee shop each day . 
  otherwise i drink mineral water ( bought in 1.5 l bottles by the case from whichever shop has it on special ) , or booze ( spirits mainly , some wine , occasional beer - i do n't drink booze every day though ) . 
  i buy good quality fresh produce from the local vietnamese greengrocers , as they are cheapest and best ; bulk stuff from coles/other local supermarket ; meat sometimes from butcher , sometimes supermarket . . 
  i eat seafood every week , and meat protein every meal except breakfast . 
  i have a reasonably well-stocked liquor cabinet at home ( well , shelf in my cupboard - not a cabinet per se ) for drinks when i have visitors , but have not included booze in my expense figure below . 
  i probably am entertained roughly as much as i entertain in terms of how often people feed me and i feed others .
