  what about you ? 
  lol , happily not where i work now , but i do encounter these creatures in the field . 
  that 's because you 're an engineer as you admit elsewhere ... 
  how does launching a us lawsuit against a french entity work ? 
  the french are usually pretty resistant to external interference with their affairs - unless a clear legal mechanism exists for this to be enacted under i ca n't see them playing ball . 
  therefore i imagine their is such a mechanism , so would anybody care to explain it please ? 
  a similar suit against the german railway system was successful a few years ago , but i believe that was brought in germany . 
  dude , i came to my current role after working as a software engineer and work for an engineering firm in an engineering field , designing asset protection and condition monitoring solutions for rail - i * like * engineers . 
  clearly it 's only certain sections of the millennial population that wear skinny jeans , but it is enough of a problem that [ isis has threatened to jail any men caught wearing skinny jeans ] ( http://www.blazingcatfur.ca/2015/04/03/jail-the-hipsters-isis-threatens-to-imprison-men-caught-wearing-skinny-jeans/ ) , an ordinance that i doubt is aimed at their genx/y fighters . 
  no need to be so prickly man ... 
  lol , your antipathy is perfectly understandable as is your own predilection for cargoes - i myself would never wear skinny jeans ( ever ) and whilst i do n't own any cargo shorts right now i have bought and worn many , many pairs over the years . 
  i 'm with you man . 
  lucky it 's white , not yellow although ideally it should have blue edges, 
  arsehole bigots are going to be arseholes - it 's what they do . 
  a lot of pathetic old men there which is not to say that there are n't young anti-semites influenced by them , but these guys are the real lunatic fringe . 
  disgusting , but that 's the drawbacks of free speech . 
  they had to show something like that to give it a uniquely glaswegian tone - the tartan could be from anywhere in scotland, 
  it was in service in ' 44 . 
  the main difference between those aircraft and those that flew in korea was that in korea their designation was changed to f-51d, 
  it is better to have them in the open for sure . 
  like having an undiagnosed cancer instead of one you can treat, 
  do you know know which series that was flying in ' 40 ? 
  as far as modifications went , the 'd ' implemented a whole bunch of pretty important changes from the ` a ' through ` c ' series aircraft . 
  clearly and immediately obvious is the teardrop canopy , that bestowed huge gains to the pilots ' situational awareness in dogfights particularly , but it was a far less visually apparent engine change that provided the most significant gains without any shadow of doubt . 
  the rr merlin engines were very different beasts from the allison engines they replaced ( iirc only the ` a ' models built on spec for the raf were built with the original allisons ) , particularly at the high altitudes where usaaf mustangs famously flew and fought as the heavies ' much loved `` little friends '' . 
  once re-engined , p-51s immediately gained significantly improved range and performance far beyond what was even required to consistently and continually excel in the critical cap/escort role they were assigned . 
  in this way the p-51 provided a vital contribution towards the allies establishment of total air supremacy from one end to of occupied europe 's airspace to the other as was utterly essential to the success of d-day and the following march to the elbe . 
  the engine swap was a masterstroke of engineering genius which in one move evolved the mustang from a workmanlike , but unexceptional , fighter into the brilliant air superiority classic that springs immediately to one 's mind upon hearing or reading its moniker : `` mustang ' ... 
  a pretty wide range of other upgrades , predominantly involving only minor changes , were applied between the end of fighting in the eto with its early manufacturing block p-51ds and those that flew in the korean `` police action '' . 
  ( one such change was the fitting of a small guard at the front of the fuselage , on top of the engine cowling directly behind the propeller to prevent dirtying of the windshield by oil sprays that obstructed the pilot 's visibility . ), 
  edit : provided greater detail and clarity ( well , i * tried * to achieve that end ... ) to my edit ... 
  that plane was featured in an australian warplane magazine `` classic wings '' , did you read it ? 
  it 's a great magazine and that was a fantastic article that , if you have n't read i 'd advise you to !, 
  not only does it have some lovely photos of that mustang , but some more great photos of 18th fbw aircraft in korea . 
  you can order a copy if you 're interested - their website 's address is http://www.classicwings.com ( it 's issue 90 that has the mustang ) and you can order individual issues from the subscription page as magazines or go from there to magster online magazines ( which is available via ios app , android app or web access ... ) to again order single issues of subscribe . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  regardless of your description of your parsimony as being an innate , genetic trait and despite that `` not being a bad thing '' in your opinion , there is no benefit to be gained by your being parsimonious with punctuation . 
  in fact , in the case of your comment above , your `` preserving and saving '' ( by not using them when they were needed ) of several commas or perhaps even full stops with a couple of extra words just made your comment unnecessarily difficult to read , especially given that punctuation is an infinite resource . 
  i accept your apology ; as gracelessly worded as it was i graciously choose to believe that your issues are with proper employment of the english language rather than possessing simple bad manners . 
  wait , i thought you 're a college student , not a professional freelance designer ? 
  looks like raf or raaf colours, 
   i 've full and understanding and use of the english language . 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't make head or tail of that sentence !, 
  what * are * you trying to say ? 
  you certainly made up for your previous stinginess in the matter of commas , but instead have gone to the other extreme and scattered a surfeit in seemingly random places throughout your text . 
  what * is * your native tongue ? 
  i was never trying to say you could n't speak that , merely that you struggle with english . 
  i can see you 're trying very hard though and you 're making not too bad a hash of things . 
  your last comment is easier to understand than that to which i originally replied even if certain subtleties of the point you were trying to make escape me . 
  eg what is `` scoiety '' , and , of course the big one : what is your `` native tongue '' ? 
  well , i must say * that * comment was particularly difficult to interpret , but i think i managed to glean your intended meaning from it . 
  i guess that you have both poor manners and difficulties expressing yourself via the written word . 
  there is no need to resort to base insults in general conversation , but you do seem to have set your own standards , different from societal norms , for communication as i shall discuss below . 
  generally the purpose of language is to allow individuals to communicate complex ideas using an agreed upon set of words and constructs so that each reader may understand what another has written , without having to know the author 's idiosyncrasies ; however , you clearly hold yourself to a different standard . 
  now that you have explained your sense of exceptionalism i can understand the why , if not the what of your comments and will make every effort to interpret them within that context !, 
  i apologise for my assumption that english is * not * your native tongue , i did not mean to insult you as i obviously , unfortunately did . 
  i was rather , as is my wont , trying to be gracious and giving you the benefit of the doubt . 
  generally i would not comment on a simple misspelled word , but i was not sure if it was a word from your own language - a reasonable confusion , given that at the time i was working under the assumption you were an esl student and that you had preceded that misspelled word with the word `` educated '' !, 
  my assertion of your difficulties with the english language were not from one misspelling , but rather the cumulative effect of all of your comments as a body . 
  look , now that we 've cleared all of this up i think we can agree to disagree on the correct usage of english and stop what seems to be an increasingly acrimonious conversation , on your part at least . 
  i hope you have a great day and manage to overcome your poor language skills enough to be a functioning member of society one day . 
  good luck !, 
  no need to be so grumpy , i started out just trying to help you here and the whole way through any misunderstandings on my part have resulted from my being overly generous in how i 've chosen to interpret what you 've written and assuming that you 're simply an esl student rather than rude or incapable of writing according to normal people 's standards of english . 
  you have , however , explained that you do not play by normal people 's rules ( to paraphrase ) and that people should simply struggle through your comments to understand them . 
  i now understand your position even if i do not agree with it and tried to end on a positive note , one you , with your typical aggression ( are you relatively juvenile ? ), 
  rejected in favour of calling me `` dumb '' !, 
  i 'm certain that i 'm not the first person to have struggled to correctly interpret your idiosyncratic english , i am probably just the first person to have been kind enough to try to help you . 
  maybe put a little effort in and you might start to be intelligible by persons who are actually educated - for example your last comment was relatively easy to understand . 
  again , as i said before , good luck with your future communication efforts . 
  actually on the tail it has yellow , usaaf style aircraft numbers too ... 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a picture of a usaaf plane in that colour scheme before though - could it be temporary markings before being transferred to the raf or something perhaps ? 
  or maybe an aircraft built for raf use , but rediverted back to the usaaf ? 
  jim morrison , amy winehouse , ian curtis , kurt cobain , marvin gaye , jimi hendrix and buddha to continue ... 
  [ a quick google armed with your information ] ( http://www.joebaugher.com/usattack/a20_13.html ) gives back that most held back for the usaaf from the raf were used for training , though some were fitted with six .50 cals within the glazed nose which was then painted over !, 
  plus banksy 's two coppers kissing on the door and is that maybe george best next to the filth ? 
  how about you op ? 
  sounds like you 're considering ending it all . 
  if that 's the case i guess your real question is `` why not '' ? 
  so what 's * your * compelling reason ? 
  and one of the least interesting as a result . 
  the best answer is that / u/pm _ me_your_tits_girl was the original such user name and he has a sub containing the tits he was pm 'd :, 
  i went to an elite private school my entire schooling and it is totally worth it : those guys have all the best parties man !, 
  considering the shows she 's alleged to have done in tijuana she probably considers that a compliment . 
  as an australian this makes me very happy as it demonstrates we do not have a monopoly on idiotic antipodean prime ministers - thanks new zealand !, 
  i do n't think we should be too quick to judge - who knows what he intended or meant by this ? 
  as an australian , i well know that it 's hard enough to understand kiwis when they speak , let alone decipher their non-verbal communication efforts . 
  red , green , white and black ? 
  kebabs for sure . 
  if at all possible answer any question in askreddit with `` op 's mom '' or `` your mom op '' . 
  saved you from another clinton or bush , sure , but only temporarily ... 
  i bet you did - that sux man !, 
  they seem to be growing in popularity though so maybe more joints selling them will start opening ? 
  keep your fingers x 'd !, 
  very nicely done , similarly executed to the canadian bug from a few weeks ago . 
  hopefully we 'll see a few more such schemes over the next few months - i 'm hoping for an raaf example on a f/a -18 a or f and the rnzaf could perhaps do one of their new t-6 texan iis . 
  [ air chief marshall sir keith park ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/keith_park ) was a kiwi who as a senior raf officer responsible for the fighter defence of london and southeast england during the bob and became known to the germans as `` the defender of london '' for his key role during the battle . 
  there were also three [ `` eagle squadrons '' ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/eagle_squadrons ) formed from us volunteers , one of which , [ no . 
  71 squadron ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/no._71_squadron_raf ) , fought in the bob before it became the usaaf 's [ 334th fs ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/334th_fighter_squadron ) as which it still flies ( f-15e strike eagles ) today . 
  would n't a mudhen in a similar scheme look awesome ? 
  edit : spelling,
