  those pro-israeli redditors who spout outright racist filth throughout the comment threads ... 
   your honor , you should 've seen what she was wearing !, 
   congratulations for considering israelis equal to the rest of the world ? 
  again i was referring not to the reality of things , but the propaganda of the israeli right-wing and in particular those redditors to whom i referred above . 
  honestly , i think you knew all of that . 
  who downvotes whom *, 
  try not to post askreddit questions that get posted at least once every single day . 
  oh wait , that 's what older you should come back to tell you now op . 
  ah , but not every house with a kitchen also has a muslim resident ... 
  yep , that 's such a rottie face !, 
  i 've had a couple - they 're great dogs, 
  or to make sure , pop some benzos * then * smoke a bowl ... 
  yeah coz there 's so many of us aussies , especially compared to indians . 
  it 's counter-intuitive , but you know what ? 
  it 's so crazy it * might just work * !, 
  edit : forgot a, 
  why do people write `` holmes '' ? 
  do they think it 's a way of saying to somebody `` you my boy sherlock yo '' or something ? 
  i have a friend who does it in texts and although i 've never bothered to correct him , it always leaves me scratching my head . 
  now i 'm not american so please correct * me * if i 'm wrong , but is n't the etymology homeboy -  homie -  homes ? 
  hopefully the theatre has installed those easy wipe seats from yesterday 's post so when you guys arrive you can sit in comfort . 
  how awkward would an `` ew , these seats are damp '' conversation right before the movie starts be ? 
  are you unable to purchase indomie mi-goreng and etc easily in america ? 
  whenever people show pictures of ramen on reddit it 's * never * indomie brand , but here in australia that 's what everybody eats and that website that reviews like 500 different types has about 1/2 of its top ten as various different indomie flavours . 
  i 'm just wondering whether people do n't know of it , ca n't buy it readily or prefer other brands ? 
  well then , that 's your problem . 
  they 're all just budding nihilists ; smoking is a way of expressing their ethos . 
  being an anti-social activity , by smoking you 're sticking it to the man and get to literally blow smoke in the face of all those uptight upper-middle-class jerks who look down their goddamn long , snooty noses at you and your buddies . 
  apparently hitler was a chaplin fan - maybe it was a combination of chaplin 's dictator film and hitler 's subsequent butthurt with nazi spies finding this out about chaplin that led to the gypsies being dragged off to the gas chambers ? 
  proportionally to population more gypsies than jews died in the holocaust . 
  and me too it seems - apparently the etymology went holmes -  homes , which was then assumed to be a contraction of homie , as it was by me . 
  lucky i did n't correct my friend or i 'd have quite the egg on * my * face . 
  if one takes the 4th urban dictionary entry as the definitive source . 
  i do n't often eat ramen either , but when i do it 's always indomie . 
  it must be on sale some places in the states because the ramen review site i saw ( from a reddit link , of course ! ), 
  was definitely a u.s. person 's site . 
  we just call it instant noodles here , not ramen - that 's how i 'd know even if the curator of the ramen reviews did n't say so . 
  clearly you 're not a lebowski fan ... 
  what * are * you talking about ? 
  for a more complete answer to your question , head over to / r/worldnews and ask this exact question in any israel/palestine thread . 
  the other answers here do a great job of the eli5 version already . 
  i think both the `` terrorist fsa '' ( sic ) and the israelis need to be careful what they wish for ... 
  i would have thought that even if they work together now to defeat their common , shia enemies not long after they manage to do so they 'll be turning their guns on each other . 
  your enemy 's enemy is not necessarily your friend , even if expediency dictates you do n't actively fight with them ... 
   does n't * drink at parties . 
  * ( or * ever . 
  in australia we have an area called the gold coast . 
  all kinds of weird shit goes down there ... 
  i felt a bit funny the first time i was dragged along to a lynching , but you know it was n't as awkward as i expected . 
  the pointy hat and robes really allow you to let yourself go and get into it without feeling self-conscious , it was good fun burning the cross and afterwards we did this tailgating thing where everyone ate bbq . 
  hmmm , i remember there being more hookers and drug dealers than there seem to be in this particular picture ... 
  glad to see you did n't try to say it 's not cool to rip bongs either - generally it is , unless your local cops have roadside drug detection ( typically saliva based ) tests . 
  this is also reported by [ the jerusalem post ] ( http://www.jpost.com/arab-israeli-conflict/syrian-rebels-call-on-israel-to-bomb-hezbollah-iran-syria-positions-390896 ) so i do n't think it 's just iranian spin ... 
  all hail netanyahu !, 
  your mom op, 
  hey - we 're talking about killing sea mammals here , not just some dumb people . 
  those beothuk no doubt literally killed sea mammals themselves so quit your bitching !, 
  the english fishermen were actually proto-environmentalists . 
  back then people knew how to live in harmony with nature instead of just destroying anything and everything ... 
  dude , be cool . 
  i mean , he did literally * text * her !, 
  i challenge anybody not to rise to that degree of provocation . 
  she was probably just freaking out at his impertinence and said the first thing that came into her head while she was dealing with it . 
  yeah , she ~ ~ said ~ ~ was a complete psycho !, 
  i guess i should 've added a / s. . . 
  e : crossed out an extraneous word, 
  that 's a fair bit more expensive , i would recommend splashing out ( ! ), 
  and trying it once though - i think it 's the best i 've tried . 
  we do n't seem to get top ramen here ( that i 've seen ) so i ca n't directly compare ; compared to the others i have tried it is definitely the best though !, 
  how much is a single pack of top ramen is the usa ? 
  also gold has some unique properties - we do n't just look how it looks . 
  gold does n't tarnish or oxidise ( ie rust ) . 
  that means gold never loses any weight whether buried , stored in the air or in water . 
  that means a piece of gold will always maintain its value no matter how long you keep it , part of its value as a currency . 
  at least you 'll know who to turn to if you break both your arms . 
  the softness also allowed for the old , simple test for gold 's purity - biting it !, 
  perhaps `` obsessively over-prepared '' would have made it more of an actual weakness , i think most employers would n't necessarily see being over-prepared as a weakness per se ... 
  neat trick though , 
  me too !, 
  i make myself act that way for work ; after work i just * have * to spend quite a lot of my free time chilling by myself reading , walking and etc. 
  i do love my time to myself and need it , but sometimes it can go a bit far and lead to me turning down social invitations i know i 'd enjoy , but just ca n't make myself accept ... :(, 
  sure , of course ... 
  for 60c it 's definitely worth trying indomie at least once for yourself though , 
  ah , where would we all be without reddit ? 
  i 've taken a few useful ideas from links and comments ( as you did ) , learnt many interesting facts , improved my understanding of how people 's minds work as well as finding since i started commenting ( after years of lurking ... ) i have really found i 've become better at snapping out witty responses in conversation irl . 
  and a decent set of aftermarket airbags if the factory fitted ones were n't big enough ... 
  my ex-girlfriend could for at least an hour . 
  she just * loves * complaining about everything under the sun . 
  as to what i do n't like to think . 
  she gets pretty inventive as well as invective - i 'm sure the kernel of truth would be surrounded by layers of staggeringly bizarre accusations !, 
  cocaine , or these days coffee . 
  occasionally jet lag too . 
  i do n't have that many stresses that cause me enough concern to make me fret enough that i ca n't get to sleep . 
  that really gets to me too . 
  i 'm like a cartoon character that has steam coming out of their ears after just a very brief time of that shit . 
  our elderly cat begins meowing for breakfast outside my door at 4:30 am - 5:30 am every . 
  bloody . 
  morning !, 
  she does n't even stop after being fed , sometimes she wants more food , other times who knows ? 
  there 's a repeat performance at cat dinner time too , starting at 4:30 pm and playing past 6:00 pm dinner time as per breakfast !,
