  the false , perpetual victim narrative is failing in the face of israel 's ongoing disregard for human rights and international law . 
  israel faces no existential threats - there has not been an attack on israel for 43 years and israel is now allied and cooperating with most of its neighbours to various degrees . 
  trying to claim that israel is the victim in the palestine occupation is simply ridiculous and insults people 's intelligence . 
  that , combined with the sheer hypocrisy of it all , further fuels the international outrage . 
  has it been that long ? 
  man time flies ... 
  i guess we will have to keep our fingers crossed !, 
  i agree entirely . 
  there is nothing good about ksa . 
  the west should not be supporting ksa , for acts like this as well as their appalling human rights record , funding support for religious extremists globally and political system completely at odds with our values . 
  they are not natural allies and should n't be treated as allies at all . 
  i 'll be gracing nz with my presence tomorrow on holiday from australia . 
  i have a couple of questions :, 
  - is the tap water drinkable ? 
  how about outside auckland ? 
  - can you buy proper , australian style meat pies in nz ? 
  - i often have trouble understanding kiwis speak ; do many people speak standard english or are translators available in tourist areas , shops , restaurants , etc ? 
  - what common hygiene products are sold in nz ? 
  most of the kiwis i have met in australia do n't tend to wash or use deodorant - do people actually in nz attend to their personal hygiene better or should i bring soap , toothpaste and etc ? 
  - is the internet widely available in nz outside hotels for overseas visitors ? 
  if i bring my mobile will it work ( i have international roaming , i just mean can you use mobiles in nz and if so in which cities ) ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  i 'm only coming for ten days and i thought you guys need the hard currency tourists bring ? 
  do n't do the whole jealous kiwi thing please !, 
  it wo n't be a problem in nz , will it ? 
  are kiwis properly respectful of australian visitors ? 
  a couple more questions quickly , if you do n't mind :, 
  - is real vegemite easily available or do i need to bring supplies of my own ? 
  - can you pay for things using aud ? 
  sorry , it is of course a joke . 
  i was just trying to play up to the worst stereotypes of an aussie coming to nz with my first comment . 
  i 'm getting downvoted , but not the hate you 'd get in some subs for asking silly questions - you guys are ok !, 
  ( high praise indeed coming from an australian :p ), 
  i really am coming , but a ) my questions are absolutely ridiculous and i am well aware of that & b ) i know that because this is my third visit to you guys . 
  i 'm just excited to be coming back tbh , i always have a great time in nz and see different sides ( literally and metaphorically ) to the country every time . 
  i 'm driving from aukland down to wellington , catching the ferry to the south island then going down the west coast before heading in to wanaka for the airshow at easter . 
  any tips for any of that ( being serious now ) ? 
  does anyone know if the wwi exhibition is still on in wellington ? 
  a kiwi i met over here last year told me about a big diorama that had been built she thought was pretty cool and i 'd like to visit if it 's still there ... ( i know i can google it , but wanted to ask a genuine question after my silliness above ! ), 
  thank you for your answers - it 's reassuring to hear about auckland having consumed the whole country !, 
  i might lay off the pies if you guys do n't serve boat people !, 
  humble pie makes me choke . 
  ok , i do have more than ten teeth , so grinning inanely , speaking slowly and hand gestures it is !, 
  axe is all i need , though we call it `` lynx '' inaustralia . 
  thanks heaps mate !, 
  much appreciated . 
  if it was n't for luggage constraints i would , but the bloody airlines do n't like anything much bigger than a bumbag so i ca n't help i 'm sorry . 
  maybe when i get back after easter i could mail it to you ? 
  i will warn you now that auspost has gone to ruin recently so whilst it would arrive * eventually * , it might be long out of fashion by the time it does ... 
  pretty dumb of target not to ship to nz in the first place though , imo . 
  cool , thanks - i now know my googling will not be in vain !, 
  - what 's up with hamilton 's water ? 
  - so your pies are like your women , huh ? 
  ( not so much in terms of mince and cheesy as hot , but mincey and cheesy too ... ), 
  - very reassuring , thx ;, 
  - oh , that 's what we do to ... 
  - well facebook * is * a basic human right !, 
  according to prominent zionist historian benny morris , the first recorded violent incident between arabs and zionists in palestine was the shooting death of an arab man in safed , during a wedding in december 1882 , by a jewish guard of the newly formed rosh pinna . 
  another incident happened in petah tikva , where in early 1886 the jewish settlers demanded that their tenants vacate the disputed land and started encroaching on it . 
  on march 28 , a jewish settler crossing this land was attacked and robbed of his horse by yahudiya arabs , while the settlers confiscated nine mules found grazing in their fields , though it is not clear which incident came first and which was the retaliation . 
  the jewish settlers refused to return the mules , a decision viewed as a provocation . 
  this incident , of course , subsequently led to further violence . 
  these security guards were ill-educated , violent russian jews brought in precisely for those qualities and they were involved in a significant number of incidents , many of which they instigated . 
  the violence was not a one-sided affair in any sense . 
  the zionists were perfectly aware their colonisation project would be resisted and were prepared to act violently in response . 
  this ideology is prevalent in early zionist writings . 
  edit : spelling, 
  1873 predates the first aaliyah by nine years ... 
  i spoke of violent confrontations between zionist colonisers and the native population , not simple jews , in response to your comment that was also specifically about zionists . 
  your source is hilarious . 
  i quote a historian and you give up an israeli newspaper that co-opts the tragic death of a pre-zionist jewish immigrant into a melodramatic feature piece - wow , such unbias !, 
  ynetnews is scarcely an authoritative source , on anything really , but especially history . 
  edit : word, 
  so not zionism per se . 
  the * entire * state of israel ? 
  well , then it must definitely be unbiased and not at all an effort to manipulate the narrative to suit israel 's own ends ... smh . 
  how is talking about the same thing all the way through a thread `` moving the goalpost '' ? 
  we were talking about zionists ; zionism did not exist 1873 - i think , if anything , it is you moving the goalposts . 
  account created 15 hours ago : and a troll was born . 
  you 're clearly not a student of history are you ? 
  the sicarii were a group of palestinian jewish religious fanatics from the roman era who are recognised as being effectively the first terrorist organisation in history . 
  they long predate the assassins , nearly a millennia in fact . 
  they mainly terrorised other jews who disagreed with their fundamentalist beliefs by stabbing them to death in public ( sicarii means knifeman if translated from latin and modern italian hitmen are still called sicarios ) until in an act of ridiculous bravado they rebelled against rome and surrendered atop masada ( no evidence of josephus 's mass alleged suicide has ever been found despite extensive archaeological excavation ) ; the sicarii were literal stabby rabbis . 
  my username is a commentary on the cyclical nature of violence and history , but i would n't expect you to understand any of this . 
  you just hurr-durr at the funny username , troll . 
  edit : added detail, 
  big government from the major parties . 
  it 's why trump is the president america needs . 
  paid for with the profits from building the mexican funded wall ... 
  i agree the self-hating jew trope is highly insulting , but let me note that tbh i 've only seen `` self-hating jew '' actually used as an insult by pro-israeli commenters in these threads when i reference academics and authors such as finkelstein , chomsky , philip weiss & adam horowitz who do n't toe the israeli regime 's narrative line 100 % . 
  it 's the equivalent of calling anyone who raises questions or criticisms of israeli actions or policies an anti-semite . 
  as these scholars and intellectuals are themselves jews the attack is simply changed to `` self-hating jew '' . 
  i was quite shocked the first time i saw it and realised it was n't an * actual * anti-semite employing the slur , but an ardently pro-israeli commenter !, 
  shocked and disappointed . 
  * i * think you can safely call him an anti-semite , though `` nut job '' is probably a better , all-encompassing , term to describe him . 
  i regularly state my support for israel 's right to exist and enjoy self-determination . 
  i do not support terrorists and call out actual anti-semites when i see them , but have personally been called an anti-semite before . 
  not very often , but it certainly does happen . 
  did you leave out a very significant `` not '' ? 
  this type of coverage was not present prior to the six day war because there were no illegal settlements and oppressive occupation prior to that war .
