  thanks for the information , now i know what to ask my gp . 
  definitely worth a shot at least . . 
  as if all the financial issues did n't show us she did it the article has a picture of her dad on a harley . 
  this is corby 2.0 . . 
  booze, 
  very impressive . 
  scooters are great planes , and this is one of the nicest scale representations i have seen . 
  what do you mean `` now '' ? 
  nah jk , you guys are alright . 
  yep - the whole me against my brother , me and my brother against the tribe , the tribe against the world thing . . 
  phil the greek . . 
  there is an excellent history of the war in the east , * bloodlands * by timothy d. snyder which details the slaughter in great detail - horrific , but interesting . 
  that book is focussed on the eastern european front and so also discusses stalin 's killings , but leaves out the murder in germany of communists , gay people , the disabled and hitler 's other internal victims ; however , it leaves absolutely no room for any doubt that jews , while the largest single group of victims , were not the * sole * victims . 
  anyone who wishes to learn more about this history would do well to read the book imo . 
  well written , informative and very detailed , it is a grim , but brilliant work imo . 
  the idf should also cease pensions for former irgun/stern gang/hagganah terrorists who were inducted into the idf following the nakbah . 
  clonazepam does wonders, 
   my visa in different countries let me leave then return so we * naturally * assumed us visa would be the same, 
  that 's a paraphrasing , but ffs . . 
  visa do n't operate by some international standard , they operate at the whim of the host nation . 
  i can credit the gf 's ignorance ( she is american after all . . ) , but i 'm surprised an australian was not more aware of how visas work given how much coverage they receive here and how many people here travel . 
  it 's not * quite * as easy as going in and asking * any * doctor these days to get prescribed benzos , opiates or stimulants ; however , your point still stands 100 % and i agree with you entirely . 
  benzos in particular have been on the nose as far as doctors are concerned ( though they seem to be returning to favour to some extent ) and the powerful , short-acting ones like xanax and halcion are now either very restricted ( 1mg xanax ) or no longer on the list ( 2mg xanax - i believe ; halcion ) , which is good as they are powerful and dangerous medications . 
  i am prescribed rivotril/clonazepam long-term as it 's for a physical condition ( as opposed to as an anxiolytic ) , but - having learned to like it a bit too much during the time i was confined to a wheelchair , then , as my physical/psychological state improved , grown wary due to their addictive nature and the risk of impaired cognitive ability which is associated with long-term use - i have now weaned myself down to 1/3 of my ( already low ) prescribed dose ; if i could cut it out completely i would love to do so . 
  however , i have tried and it makes it bloody hard to function ( ie walk ) as my spasms really interfere with my movement if not suppressed medicinally . 
  i * know * cannabis works , and wish these meds were available . 
  i have been very fortunate in that i have been able to moderate my usage , but have had several friends who have had a really rough time with them . 
  ( in fact , i thank my own relatively benign experience in large part to having learnt from watching theirs . . ), 
  i 'm sure you probably already know this , but - unlike opiates - benzos withdrawal can quite literally kill people , and often leads to fits . 
  they are dreadfully addictive and it 's lunacy they are preferred over cannabinoids . 
  as everyone else has said , you honestly should not stress too much about this . 
  it sounds like a touch of buyer 's remorse compounded by anxiety brought on by the recent changes and ensuing discussion which has coincided with your approaching graduation ( an happy event , but one that takes you from one phase of life to another - such significant transitions are in and of themselves a common cause of anxiety ) . 
  these are all reasonable and natural human responses , but everyone saying it will be ok and not to worry are , imo , right . 
  the benefit you will gain from your degree will almost certainly significantly outweigh the costs . 
  congrats on finishing , and good luck for the future !, 
  that * is * relevant . 
  if only she had stuck to the fizzy stuff she would n't be stuck in prison now . . 
  no shit sherlock ; however , the * map * is still significant . . 
  sailors ' inchoate tales of bumping into the top end and mapping the southern coastline are very different in terms of our historiography . 
  do you know * anything * else about the subject than what you gleaned from the title of this thread ( which you seem to have failed to understand properly anyway ) ? 
  there is much more to the history of australia 's discovery and early exploration by the west than just the bald fact the land mass was known of earlier than cook and he was n't the first . 
  this map has helped scholars understand more about what was known and when . 
  that 's one of the primary reasons i get frustrated with the constant hyperventilating outrage in this sub ; it is not necessarily very helpful for people who are directly affected to hear some of the ott nonsense which gets spouted and it 's rather inconsiderate of people to manufacture so much fud to fit their political narrative . 
  hecs is a pretty good deal , and paying it back far from as onerous as some ( fearmongers . . ) have made out . 
  i did so , i made it and i am very far from unique in having done so . 
  the timing of this issue 's current rise to prominence really very unfortunate for you because it meshes with the anxiety you feel at entering a new stage in life . 
  i felt anxiety at finishing uni too , and a bit of sadness at leaving it behind ( as well as joy at the realisation of * no more exams and assignments * ) , but it passed for me and i am confident it shall for you too . 
  moving forward is an opportunity more than a risk/threat ( neither are quite the right word , but i hope you get my meaning ? ), 
  and while , as i said before , nerves are natural you will soon find your life carrying on . 
  i would n't have thought that many , but it 's entirely possible i am wrong ( like most of us i assume others share my own understanding , despite being aware it 's not necessarily so . . ), 
  in wa at least we are pretty cognisant of earlier visitors because of things such as the * dufkyen * replica and * batavia * shipwreck ( recovered from the abrolhos islands in the state 's nw ) with its grisly history of mutiny and murder . 
  so perhaps my expectations of others ' knowledge is warped by the ready access to this history we have here , idk ? 
  to scholars ( and history buffs , such as myself ) at least then the map is interesting as it helps us understand what was known at what point in history , despite our not knowing how the map was drawn so early with such accuracy . . 
  my initial reply , in context of the following conversation , now seems a tad harsh . 
  i 'm going to leave it as is , but apologise for being a bit rude . 
  sorry mate , i made an assumption which it seems may have been unwarranted . 
  what seems to really be sticking it to the buggers are the taxes , which raise the price of a packet to something like $ 1 per dart and the tobacco companies have zero recourse for complaint about . 
  i 'm all for anything that helps reduce smoking rates and believe we should pursue all such policies , but ultimately i think it 's the pricing which is probably doing the most to beat the problem . 
  it 's much harder to justify $ 30 ( or whatever they now cost ) than the $ 5 they used to cost here ( and still do , or less , overseas ) . 
  where i think the plain packaging is important is for stopping kids from picking up on brands and hence brands bestowing cool on smoking ; we should certainly fight for this ( apart from anything who the fuck are tobacco companies to dictate our policy on * anything * ) , but also keep raising tax relentlessly . 
  if we get rid of medicare the rate of poverty in australia will be reduced without a doubt . 
  dead people are n't poor after all , and certainly do n't get counted in the figures used to calculate poverty rates . 
  i get what you are saying , but find it hard to justify more people smoking overall because increasing the cost is unfair to poor people who smoke now . 
  like most moral issues it 's not entirely black and white , but , while i do hold reservations about patriarchal `` we know what 's best for you '' type attitudes , smoking is n't some kind of human right . 
  after all * nobody * suffers * any * ill-effect from * not * smoking . . 
  indians have a very different attitude to these things than we do . 
  i know a number of indians living here who are happy to openly discuss a whole range of scams with me ( mainly visa/work scams ) ; considering i am not even a member of their community i am quite sure there are other , darker ( as this is to my mind ) things i am not told about , but they accept either actively or tacitly in the same way . 
  did you read the article ? 
  ha ha love the ironic username . 
  lol, 
  yeah nice guys , different though for sure . 
  which is why i smoke in vietnam , or croatia , or anywhere i go where they are cheap . 
  not london , where the tax regime is similar ; hence my belief in taxation . 
  ha ha queensland . . 
  never change . 
  unions are racist , why would anyone assume their puppet is n't ? 
  perfectly natural to hate unionism , most people do . 
  it 's no different from hating any other kind of gangsterism . 
  do you support your local bikies too ? 
  yeah i mean their destruction of industries , forcing of work offshore , selling out their members for profit , engaging in blackmail and other assorted thuggery benefits us all . . 
  unions * played * an important role in the past , but have since turned into parasitical gangs that should be excised with extreme prejudice . 
  fucking abc are just right-wing shills . . 
  all that noise about them being lefties is just a smokescreen . 
  i think the board-members idea is a good , assuming it is possible to avoid corruption and collusion between the reps on the board and the other members ( eg in the type of selling out members ' rights wrt rates and etc for payoffs , as seems to be endemic among australian unions ) - at least it would give the workers an insight into the competitive forces at play on the business side as well as a voice in the management . 
  perhaps then we could build cars for less than double the cost the germans can ? 
  the idea of unionism is real , but unions are so vulnerable to becoming corrupt gangs as we see here that suspicion of them is unfortunately inevitable . 
  until the aussie unions clean house and we stop seeing them behave with absolute disregard for the rest of us ( and too often even for their own rank and file ) then they will continue to be viewed with a jaundiced eye . 
  shot with twenty bullets for waving a knife in the air . . 
  jeez those idf stormtroopers are * tough * !, 
  do n't feel you need to make this sacrifice on our behalf , please do feel free to fuck off back to nz . 
   i actually like it here . 
  could have fooled me , you sure do n't give that impression * at all * . 
  please do consider fucking off back to nz though , seriously . 
  mate , you need to learn your fucking place . 
  not only are you a guest here , if you start getting lippy with the locals like that irl ( * especially * speaking munted english with a munted kiwi accent . . ) you * will * end up with a fat lip sooner rather than later . 
  and i would hate it if that happened to you . 
  mainly because your first action would no doubt be to sob your little heart out here in r/australia , accusing aussies of being racist , which would be irritating . 
  btw , i have fttp 100/100 internet and it 's fine . 
  they all think it cuzzie bro . . 
  it 's not about not being an aussie tho , cuzzie bro .
