  how can we provoke a nice , limited ( maybe a little bit nuclear ? ), 
  war between china and india to distract china from the south china sea ? 
  hey , doughnuts are * not * a laughing matter for cops !, 
  i think it 's mainly a catholic/protestant thing , with catholics traditionally having open casket funerals and protestants closed . 
  what makes him even think australia would accept him ? 
  if he tried coming here without getting the proper visas he 'd have every chance of ending up in a refugee centre - surrounded by muslims !, 
  agree 100 % . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  any jew can move to israel and become israeli ; at the same time no palestinian from gaza , the wb or living in refugee camps has any path to gaining citizenship of israel . 
  ( occupied east jerusalem * will * allow palestinians to take up israeli citizenship , but that is merely a highly transparent ploy to facilitate the absorption of arab neighbourhoods into israel and as a result rarely accepted . ), 
  ergo , the issue * is * racial/ethnic-religious identity , not nationality . 
  you do n't have to swallow the israeli propaganda line whole you know , if you just think about the situation the ludicrous moral contradictions inherent in israel 's behaviours , those fig leaves such as the old `` it 's about nationality '' shibboleth you just trotted out soon fall and reveal the true ugliness and bigotry underlying the way the palestinians are treated . 
  it 's good israel is looking around for new allies ; it 's clear their one-sided `` alliance '' with the west will soon become untenable as disapproval over israeli colonialism rises inexorably ; when you see that photo of putin and netanyahu together the natural nature of a russian-israeli alliance becomes immediately apparent . 
  russia 's values * are * far more closely aligned with israel than are those of the west and so many israelis are russian anyway that i think this will eventually become inevitable , freeing the west from the burden of israel 's `` friendship '' , giving russia another me toehold and allowing israel freedom from that pesky western morality . 
  i think it 's happening , i live in australia and we are already printing stickers here to relabel the usa as trumpistan on maps , in textbooks and etc. 
  i see you drank the koolaid . 
  most countries - believe it or not - * do n't * assess potential immigrants on their race , but rather a whole host of other factors . 
  this issue is particularly pertinent when it comes to the criminal squatters living in illegally in the wb colonies - why should some random , foreign person be allowed to immigrate to palestine with the full protections of the israeli state just because of their ethnic-religious identity , while the actual native , indigenous population must suffer under the jackboot of a repressive , racist occupier who is slowly squeezing them off their land ? 
  the problem has nothing to do with judaism and everything to do with ( crypto ) fascism . 
  yeah , but the j/s models with the short nose , but no sensor under it , did look best - especially in those '70s usn hi-viz squadron colours . 
  i had n't actually seen the f-4x before , but i have now . 
  it does look pretty impressive . 
  though of course that 's what he claimed when later questioned about why he was riding it , along with some bizarre story about how the real owner attacked him first and taking the bike was just self-defence . 
  maybe when the bills come in whoever organised the billboards is going to claim `` ha , that 's not me - that 's just my * legal name * . 
  bill the government , suckers '' ? 
   `` some questioned whether it would lead law-abiding people into thinking they 've committed fraud or a crime by having a name , '' a spokesman said . 
  this is one of the terrible things about these idiots - the confusion and other harm they cause others who are unaware of their lunacy . 
  it 's a shame nobody mentioned healthcare . 
  and what about all those useless , maimed veterans huh ? 
  freeloading of the government . 
  kick them out too , but make sure to thank them for their service on the way . 
  also georgia and russia in 2008 both had mcdonalds . 
  just two exceptions is n't bad considering how many countries mcdonalds is in , but the rule has definitely been broken . 
  no shit , should * anyone * really wear that in public ? 
  there goes the neighbourhood . 
  yes , yes - the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ party should be given control of the city . 
  that would sort that problem out pronto . 
  maybe the citizens of tel aviv could come under the same occupation laws as the palestinians if you * really * want to knock the disgusting liberalism out of them ? 
  well , the thing is america does n't prevent mexico from existing as a nation , occupy and oppress the mexican people , settle their land or otherwise engage in the activities of the israeli playbook for palestine . 
  so there 's no need for mexicans to indulge in nationalistic attacks on the usa . 
  however ; it has happened in the past and mexicans are still killing americans occasionally , albeit for profit . 
  is profit a better motive than nationalism ? 
  does the difference even matter ? 
  you managed to entirely miss the point . 
  i suspect that hewbrew 's brusque literalism often leads to israelis failure to understand arguments which are not equally simply stated ; the alternative is that many israelis on reddit are utterly amoral , a notion i am reluctant to countenance . 
  lol , yep just the perfect level of ripeness for a fascist dictatorship from the looks of how things are going . 
  yes , ethno-religious identity , as i describe it as elsewhere in the comment . 
  race is just a shorter way of describing the same thing . 
  or is antisemitism not racism ? 
  why are you repeating the propaganda then , if you know it 's lies ? 
  and there it is . 
  ha ha . 
  no , you 're perfectly correct . 
  in fact , the us has attacked neither russia nor georgia ever afaik . 
  still , that 's irrelevant in this context is n't it ? 
  of course - upvotes/downvotes not only reflect , but actually * affect * reality so i jolly well should reconsider , should n't i ? 
  i mean , if it 's not so then why would all those pro-israeli commenters mash those little buttons with so much venom ? 
  it could n't be that their little propaganda efforts are actually utterly meaningless after all could it , or that people can make their own minds up about the situation so it 's still worthwhile expressing dissenting opinions ? 
  would n't * that * be depressing for all the little hasbarim ( is that correct hebrew ? 
  meh , you know what i mean ) , you know , not being able to control what people think , let alone reality ? 
  thanks for the giggles . 
  i have every sympathy for the victims of terror , be they israelis shot in this heinous attacks or palestinians killed by israel 's terror bombing of gaza . 
  i am actually not on either side particularly , or rather i am on both ; supporting israel 's right to ongoing self-determination and security implicitly , and condemning attacks such as the one that lead to the mayor 's comments entirely . 
  however , i do also believe the palestinians deserve their right to self-determination as much as do the israelis and personally am of the opinion that the link between such attacks and the savagery of the occupation is perfectly self-evident . 
  these are not incompatible beliefs in any way , shape or form ; all it requires to hold them both simultaneously is a belief that both jews and palestinians are both human beings , capable of rational action . 
  saying the palestinians only want to kill jews and that 's the entire cause of the conflict is to deny the palestinians ' humanity and is a very blinkered , bigoted perspective on the situation in and of itself . 
  i also dislike extremist politics of any hue , be it islamism , communism , zionist religious nationalism or pretty much any other - ism you care to throw at me . 
  the rise of the extreme right in israel is something i am also concerned about , for reasons that exceed simply the treatment of the palestinians at these thugs ( eg the jewish home , elor azaria , etc ) actions . 
  the idea that only one victim lou of eight was a liberal is a little concerning tbh , indicative as it is of the hard swing to the extreme right that israeli society has taken . 
  i bet whoever it was who attacked that greens senator 's office for selling out and `` making preference deals with the libs '' ( according to the alp 's allegations at least ) is feeling pretty stupid right about now ... 
  yes , though what is moral is often very dependent on the cultural context and evolves as societies do . 
  our modern western morals are often at odds with those of people from more primitive/less-enlightened societies ; however , that does n't mean they are amoral , or that we are for that matter . 
  one clear and pertinent example is the religious conflicts in the middle east : the individuals societies participating ( eg isis in iraq/syria , ksa in yemen , turkey with the kurds , israeli occupation of palestine ) do not see anything wrong with the situations , yet to us as westerners they are abhorrent . 
  that is n't too say some morals are inherently more refined/advanced and in that regard superior , just that while morals are always universally relevant they are also universally relative ( dependent on context ) . 
  not at this point in time , but it 's still early in the day in israel . 
  not every thread can be successfully brigaded by any group that seeks to at whatever level of organisation ( the israelis are most definitely not the only offenders and while it * seems to me * they are quite organised , there are certainly more organised or at least less proportionally organic astroturfers out there - think russia , china mainly ) anyway . 
  sometimes a thread takes off and gains enough notice among users who do n't have a particular interest that the brigading effort is simply overwhelmed , especially when the rights and wrongs of a specific post are quite obvious ( eg the initial reports of the terrorist atrocity the mayor is discussing when the israelis were clearly the victims of a horrific crime ) . 
  in this case i think a lot of people outside pro-israel echo chambers perceive the relationship between the attacks and the occupation as entirely self-evident , which make israeli apologia and denials appear very false/hypocritical/etc , hence the failure of the pro-israeli lobby to gain much traction - yet ... 
  we shall have to see what happens when israel wakes up though , the numbers could well change significantly then unless the post gains * a lot * of traction in the meantime . 
  me too , which is why i hate the reddit conversations where you 're talking to someone with whom you disagree who just has to mash that downvote arrow on every reply that they do n't like the content of . 
  i mean , it 's a conversation , right ? 
  if you are n't prepared to accept that other people have opinions that might differ from your own then are n't you better off avoiding open forums ? 
  and how do they interact irl - spit in other peoples ' faces when they hear anything they do n't agree with 100 % ? 
  what if you 're talking about the weather say ... 
  i do n't downvote in conversations not only because i consider it rude , but i can actually handle dissent and am interested in others ' perspectives . 
  ( even if what they write offers nothing of value and/or i do disagree 100 % and then some , if i know what and how they think i can counter them more easily at the very least . ), 
  nope , that 's pretty much the tl ; dr of what happened . 
  the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ party is an extreme-right wing , religious nationalist ~ ~ gang ~ ~ political party which holds three key cabinet positions in the present regime 's coalition government and is supported by a majority of the illegal settler communities , although even they are admittedly not quite extreme or action-oriented enough for some settlers who like the cut of rabbi kahane 's jib a lot better . 
  your move . 
  israel 's religious extreme right use the settlers in the exact same way , as bait for extremism . 
  while they are at least protected by the idf who bear the brunt of the anger their presence causes they are also vastly more actively provocative and violent than the gazan human shields are . 
  it 's always the pot calling the kettle black in this conflict . 
  if israel devoted as much effort to resolving the issues as they did to telling everyone it 's not their fault the situation could be resolved stat . 
  the fact they do n't inevitably fuels outside observer and palestinian suspicion of israel 's motives . 
  why expend effort on the cover up instead of a solution if the conflict * is n't * facilitating long terms goals of completing the creeping annexation , a policy the jewish home quite openly admit to ? 
  ( that 's one of their moderate policies - they happily talk about segregation , ethnic cleansing and even genocide too , which amazingly enough also fuel outside distrust of israeli motives . ), 
  er , but the bully won yom kippur militarily - it was the subsequent peace they lost politically ... 
  what other username ? 
  if you do n't want to talk to me it 's quite simple - just do n't click `` reply '' and you 're done . 
  how would you describe the events and outcome such that my conclusions are * proven * wrong , taking * all * the facts both political and military under consideration though ?
