  i am in no way defending isis whatsoever , but imo hezbollah are a much less black and white case . 
  for a start they are not `` islamists '' per se , not in the sense that the taliban , isis , aq or any other salafist/wahhabi groups are . 
  the internet 's there for you to research their origins in the horrific lebanese civil war and ensuing israeli invasion of southern lebanon with its attendant increase in egregious violence . 
  if you do n't want to know you wo n't read any information i post , but if you 're open to learning about history you can and will find the readily available sources not published by either side 's propagandists . 
  ( try wikipedia or the writings of bbc journalist robert fisk if you are interested . ), 
  oops , my mistake ... 
  yep , nobody even mentioned anything about it till this guy brought it up . 
  i 've no idea , i upvoted it personally and think israel should be lauded for their efforts - it 's great to see !, 
  i quite agree with you man , i have always commented on israeli issues as my conscience dictates and in this case - as with many other natural disasters in areas that are not political minefields for them ( eg asian tsunami , japan earthquake - clearly israel is acting out of a genuine desire to help people . 
  you ca n't just dismiss everything anyone does out of hand because you disagree with their actions on a completely different issue !, 
  damn , do n't you hate when one little freudian slip gets you exposed !, 
  j.k. , i believe you when you say this incident was a simple mistake and really want to hear the rest of the story . 
  that 's how statistics work ... 
  without opening the whole `` why are blacks charged for so many more crimes per-capita than whites '' can of worms here , another relevant element that needs to be factored in how many times more likely blacks are to be charged for crimes full stop - ie the percentage of black hate crime charges out of all black criminal charges and the same for whites because blacks get charged for crimes much more often than whites do generally . 
  read his reply to this comment - he 's trolling , just being deliberately obtuse :, 
   i never said anything about frequency of violent crimes . 
  that 's what i said - i am actually agreeing with you and upvoted your comment man . 
  my other comment about hate crimes as a proportion of overall crimes per-capita should also have been addressed to you too i guess , but i 'm not trying to push an agenda either way ( though i do n't think you are either ) , but i 'm just joining in the discussion here ... 
  i think that hezbollah 's position in lebanon is very complicated , even by the standards of the region . 
  they initially formed as a shia militia to protect the shia ( then ) minority during the civil war and subsequent israeli invasion during the course of which the israelis backed the fascist phalangist christian militia/party which led to some truly horrific massacres , notably at the [ sabra and shatila ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sabra_and_shatila_massacre ) refugee camps which were full of mainly poor shiite lebanese from southern lebanon and palestinians . 
  whilst the phalangist forces carried out the massacres , they were only able to do so due to the complicity of their idf allies who had full military control of those areas and watched as the slaughter unfolded . 
  later hezbollah were instrumental in driving the idf occupation forces out of southern lebanon , which is their heartland . 
  it is for having accomplished this that hezbollah enjoy the respect they have gained in lebanon , but it is also the root cause of their historically mutually antagonistic relationship with israel that has broken out into open conflict on many occasions , although not since 2006 . 
  in southern lebanon hezbollah fulfils the role of a de facto government as the lebanese government lacks the means to do so - lebanon is still a weak state slowly emerging from decades of vicious conflict . 
  as i mentioned they provide schools ( not madrasahs , as opposed to the taliban ... ) , clinics and performs other functions that typically fall under the remit of a government . 
  this is obviously something the central government does not have any issue with as there is no conflict between hezbollah and the central government in lebanon . 
  all that was basically to explain who they are , what they do and why their name is important to them in terms other than their conflict with israel . 
  it is also worth noting that this year the us government removed hezbollah from its terrorist threat list . 
  the islamic world * can * change things and they are the ones doing most of the fighting against isis , all except the aerial bombardment in fact . 
  despite the deep-rooted factionalism every group except isis is fighting them , even if they fight other non-isis groups at the same time ( eg al-nusra fights isis and hezbollah and vice versa ) and the most effective containment of isis has been by the kurdish peshmerga ( with whom israel have quite good relations , if not outright military cooperation due to the political factor of israelis fighting isis ... ) . 
  the muslim world is not a monolithic block by any means - there are multiple branches of islam and many , many ethnicities who are all muslim , not to mention political differences , national differences and etc !, 
  israel is therefore not the only hope there is at all . 
  in fact they have little capacity to influence the fight against extremism except as it pertains to themselves and their interests due to many , diverse reasons . 
  the main one is probably that most muslims can not be seen to be accepting israeli military assistance against other muslims - this is why kurdistan and israel cooperate on many levels , but there are no idf troops or weapons sent from israel to the peshmerga . 
  the next is they are a small country with many direct problems so they need to focus on their fight - primarily hamas in gaza . 
  i wo n't go into the rights and wrongs of the palestinian issue imo as it is beyond the scope of this conversation , but hamas do not have any redeeming features and are clearly israel 's enemy against whom they must defend themselves . 
  which brings us back to hezbollah ... as israel and hezbollah have not fought for 9yrs and hezbollah are currently 100 % focussed on isis it is my belief that the idf could let hezbollah fight isis for the time being at least . 
  not interfering in that fight helps the rest of the world defeat isis and would furthermore mean that hezbollah would not be keeping a scorecard of grievances against the idf for attacks they do n't have time or resources to retaliate for presently , but will one day ( presumably ) do so . 
  we 're israel really concerned with peace be would imagine they would hold the same attitude , but they are very focussed on their paranoia of hezbollah and so keep attacking them even though they could gain political capital and passively help the fight against isis any refraining from such attacks . 
  i quite agree that hardline salafist/wahabi sunni muslim extremists are the main enemy with no redeeming features who must be defeated before they wreak more havoc , commit more atrocities or grow any stronger . 
  iran and other shia factions ( especially iraq 's shia led government ) are also guilty of terrible crimes and harbouring definitely threatening intentions , but they are fighting isis for all they 're worth and increasingly seem open to cooperation with the west ( eg fight against isis , iran nuclear deal ... ) . 
  israel are not the worst in the me , but they could do more to reduce tensions ( eg treating palestinians better and leaving hezbollah to fight isis for the time being ) too . 
  i am not not anti-israeli per se , i just dislike immensely their actions in palestine and their intransigence in refusing to admit any wrongdoing on their part whatsoever - they can be very hypocritical about being attacked whilst inflicting hugely disproportionate violence upon palestine and southern lebanon at the same time and this too i find hard to stomach . 
  most of this is to do with their current extremely right-wing regime as personified by netanyahu and libermann rather than the israeli people themselves , many of who , are quite liberal and keen for peace too . 
  all of this is easily verifiable online , but i can point you to sources if needs be as you do seem open to thinking about things rather than just pushing an inflexible agenda . 
  i apologise if i misinterpreted your intent , but he is actually discussing the number of blacks charged with hate crimes , not just violent offences ... 
  if you 're really not trolling then i really am sorry for saying you were . 
  ( if you are , have fun ! ), 
  or 10 philosophy graduates for that matter !, 
  me too , on both counts !, 
  man , that 's what my work needs . 
  we have beers in the fridge , but a whisky dispenser would be much more efficient . 
  tyra banks or rhianna would certainly both have fine black boxes, 
  they made several attempts to build carriers , from the early [ kiev class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiev-class_aircraft_carrier ) heavy aviation cruisers , built in the '70s , that originally flew the [ yak-38 `` forger '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yakovlev_yak-38 ) vstol fighter to the larger [ admiral kutznetsov class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_aircraft_carrier_admiral_kuznetsov ) heavy aircraft-carrying missile cruisers which embarked [ su-33 `` flankers '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sukhoi_su-33 ) . 
  they still sail the admiral kuznetsov - and sold it 's sister ship to the chinese who refurbished and operate it as the [ liaoning ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_aircraft_carrier_liaoning ) - but it is is very unreliable and always sails with tugboats in case its engines fail . 
  the kiev class are even less reliable - india bought one ( the admiral gorshkov ) which had been reconfigured and refurbished as the [ ins vikramaditya ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ins_vikramaditya ) , but nonetheless had its engines explode during sea trials and is suffering huge problems still . 
  so basically , as everyone else has said they do consider them important , they just lack the capability to build and operate them effectively . 
  edit : punctuation, 
  the nikkei asian review analyses chinese island building activities in the south china sea and suggests that the goal may not be so much to secure natural resources as an area in which to operate strategic naval forces safely . 
  as a guy i would you feel he 's genuine and you feel comfortable then there 's nothing weird about it , just do n't let yourself be pressured into anything . 
  i 've gone out with girls eight years younger than myself and , as other commenters have said , the older you get the less of a gap that seems . 
  do n't worry about what 's conventional ( for want of a better word ) , just think about what 's right for you . 
  it sounds to me as though you like each other so why not see where it goes ? 
  ah , but how many people * visit * museums vs those who visit starbucks or mcdonalds per day ? 
  in my experience it 's better to go with the flow than seek out reasons for something to fail - i 've stuffed things up by doing exactly that before and it sux . 
  if he ever does mistreat you then of course split ; if you start getting a funny vibe then talk about it , other than that roll with it would be my advice . 
  you 're you , not some cookie cutter generic girl and the same goes for him - do n't play any role because you think your supposed to . 
  i hate that `` supposed to '' crap personally and though things wo n't always work out great they wo n't even if you always play everything safe anyway - you 'll just have fewer experiences !, 
  it 's all been deleted , thank fuck . 
  shit was nasty . 
  like it 's still there , but almost every comment has been removed ... 
  very rarely does one need to be ... that one did though . 
  pretty graceful in the air too , i 've seen a couple flying and they lose their ugly duckling vide entirely in motion . 
  their utility has an attractiveness all of its own too - these birds * did their job * and did it damn well ... 
  i * think * you may be right actually , although it would have been indonesia to europe ( australia to indonesia is a pretty short flight ) , but iirc qantas flew such flights throughout wwii ... 
  i 'll try to find a source and get back with it . 
  i think you can still find it somewhere via time machine or whatever , but it is horrible and i would n't recommend it tbh, 
  deborah harry is simultaneously one of the coolest and hottest women ever - i love the [ heart of glass video ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=wgu_4-5raxu ) for her dance moves , as well , of course , as the song itsel !, 
  as a west australian this really upsets me - i grew up visiting rottnest and never once felt any inclination to set fire to a quokka , play quokka soccer or do anything awful to them whatsoever . 
  they 're really friendly little creatures , i do n't know wtf would have to be wrong with you to make want to hurt one . 
  these guys got off with a paltry few thousand buck fine ( 4 or 5k , i forget exactly ) which imo is grossly inadequate . 
  we should have packed their bags with heroin and sent them to jakarta !, 
  well , not that perhaps , but they should have faced greater consequences . 
  i sincerely hope they are never allowed back into australia - a significant deterrent really is necessary as incidents like this are sadly more and more of a risk given the number of tourists that come through here all wanting to take selfies with quokkas . 
  even if only a tiny percentage are such utter cunts as these guys this kind of thing will happen again . 
  that is what i was thinking of - thanks for finding it !, 
  edit : they flew that service from the swan river < 10km from where i live and there is ( or was - i have n't heard anything about it recently ) a plan afoot to set up a memorial to the crews which will be a pby . 
  there 's one already in the state , but it 's not yet there unfortunately ... 
  i quite agree , though i will say that on land they do look a little `` fish out of water '' - when in water or airborne , however , they are fully in their element and look amazing . 
  wonderful planes !, 
  next easter i get to see one flying again at the [ warbirds over wanaka ] ( http://www.warbirdsoverwanaka.com/next_airshow.html ) airshow in wanaka which is right in the middle of nz 's beautiful south island , nestled in the mountains near queenstown . 
  it 's always a great show , but i 'm really looking forward to next year because nz 's flying cat will be back after a few years overhaul - it 's brilliant seeing that bird in the air !, 
  here 's a bonus photo of an airworthy [ aussie black cat ] ( http://imgur.com/llx7ljz ) at the 2013 avalon international airshow in melbourne - i have n't posted it due to all the people milling about in the way of a clear shot , but it 's still a great plane so i hope you enjoy ... 
  nice ... 
  i really find it interesting how it draws the connection between sandy skyraiders in vietnam and the modern a-10 sandys . 
  i was prompted to post it by the other post about the rescue of the vf-103 `` sluggers '' f-14a + crew shot down during gulf war i and its mention of the a-10 sandy sar support flights in that incident . 
  glad you enjoyed it . 
  it 's a great magazine , the smithsonian air & space magazine , both online and in print and always worth reading . 
  if you could get to russia heaps of this kind of stuff is sold at markets there ( as well a german relics such as stahlhelms and gas mask cases , often dug up from old battlefields ... ), 
  it 's a shame it 's so expensive to get them flying , but mothballed is so much better than scrapped !,
