  i do n't know about worse , but yes that was pretty bad . 
  it was also a crime committed in the past , not an ongoing crime in this more enlightened era and we have since given the aboriginal people a formal apology , native title land rights legislation , compensation , affirmative action programs and educational opportunities . 
  of course there is still some way to go , but attitudes have changed for the better and progress is good . 
  if israel took even one of those steps in the occupied territories and gave its arab population an apology and native title land rights within israel that would be a massive leap forward ... 
  the tasmanian aboriginals being wiped out is a myth btw . 
  native tasmanian aboriginals still live on the island . 
  i thought you meant `` here is a hate tract i agree with and here are my own thoughts on the matter '' , but no . 
  honestly you should n't read that type of thing : it 's quite clear where you get your skewed moral compass from . 
  are you as easily suggestible in all aspects of your life , or just when `` forming opinions '' about israel/palestine ? 
   stop using words like bigot and `` hate speech '' to try to silence opinions you do n't like . 
  did a pro-israeli redditor * really * just say * that * ? 
  edit : forgot a word, 
  i would go so far as to say i think the mother of anyone who uses `` should of '' instead of `` should have '' should definitely have been given this tip . 
  i think you 'll find if he was born in 1832 he 'd be the oldest person full stop , not just the oldest tortoise ... 
  as an australian i would be for this , except for kiwis coming to australia . 
  we already suffer from terrible infestations of kiwis , living like sardines in share houses or even hiding in plain sight in our suburbs , looking like normal decent australians - until they open their mouths and a stream of unintelligible drivel streams out , peppered with english sounding words , but not any kind of english a native speaker can understand ... 
  we already have massive problems with them whining about all kinds of crap their culture of entitlement leads them to believe is entirely reasonable , but which - from a real aussie 's pov - is actually utterly taking the piss . 
  can this pun be retired please ? 
  it crops up in every thread about hitler , germany , wwii or , of course , the nazis . 
  i for one am tired of it . 
  it 's unimaginative and stopped being funny a very long time ago . 
   the shower thing - that was meant to be a gag !, 
  that bastard himmler always took things too far , him and his bloody ss . 
  following orders mein arsche . 
   it was just a prank bro, 
  [ excerpt from hitler 's planned defence strategy if he had been captured and brought to trial for war crimes . ], 
  edit : spelling, 
  most of the time , like this time , when used it 's a complete non-sequitur as well which just makes it even worse ... 
  it depends on what pr rights it allows . 
  kiwis can come here and work indefinitely , but do n't have any way to queue jump for pr/citizenship and are n't allowed to come over and dole bludge anymore . 
  if that does n't change i withdraw my objection , but i did n't find the article very clear on such details . 
  how does leaving gaza correlate to any of the reparations made to the aboriginals in australia ? 
  you 've actually completely lost me with that one ... 
  under native title laws , those arabs would be recognised as traditional owners of at least some of their frormer lands within israel and as such would have say over how the land was used as well as be paid royalties for its use . 
  aboriginals here do n't just have full rights : they have special rights as traditional owners and a host of affirmative action programs to help them ( whereas many benefits of israeli citizenship are denied to arabs because they `` did n't do national service '' - such a flimsy veil ) . 
  aboriginals are defined as those who identify as such and are accepted as such by the aboriginal community . 
  there are many who have a very great proportion of tasmanian aboriginal ancestry ; however , this does not take away from the tragedy or the crime of so many who were lost . 
  sorry if calling a spade a spade offends you . 
  do you have a source or `` most '' palestinians being islamic fundamentalist ? 
  do n't the jewish fundamentalists ( haredim ) also concern you ? 
  they too carry out religiously driven terrorism and many do n't even support the zionist dream , believing it to be essentially blasphemy . 
  yes , as i 've said i am quite comfortable with the status quo and if that carries on , merely across an extended number of countries , i absolutely withdraw my objection . 
  i actually have a uk passport , so would n't see any benefit , but nonetheless have no objections so long as kiwis are not able to come here and sponge . 
  edit : used a wrong word, 
  great pic . 
  pula is a great place to visit too - though i only saw the amphitheatre , not the airbase !, 
  israel attacked egypt in both '53 and ' 67 , not the other way around . 
  please try to stick to the facts . 
  i have always been very clear about supporting israel 's right to existence and self-determination . 
  i certainly have no thoughts of israel being dismantled or destroyed : if you read that into anything i have written i think the problem is that you 're too invested in the israeli persecution complex/false victim narrative to be able to read anything except gushing praise about israel objectively . 
  i actually believe that , once palestinian nationhood is achieved , jews * should * be allowed to surrender their israeli citizenship and live in the wb if they want to , just as there are arab-israelis . 
  obviously they would have to be palestinian citizens as we are all aware of the dangers of binationalism . 
  fatah , egypt , jordan , ksa and the lebanese government all accept israel 's right to exist and have done so since the late - '70s . 
  israel has not been at war with another state since '82 when the idf invaded lebanon ; the last time a neighbour attacked israel was 1973 : 43 years ago . 
  please realise that criticism of israeli actions does not delegitimise israel , nor is it intended to . 
  not agreeing with israel 's treatment of the palestinians does not equate to wanting israel 's destruction . 
  such thought patterns are paranoid delusional and should be kept in check so they do n't feed on themselves and get worse , for your own peace of mind if nothing else , quite aside from the deleterious effect they have on israel 's collective ability to reason and negotiate . 
  i am not your enemy . 
  it is entirely possible to support both israel and palestine enjoying their rights to self-determination for anyone except extremely racist , bigoted ideologues on both sides . 
  i personally want to see peace in palestine/israel , a two-state solution and peace/prosperity/security for both peoples : do you ? 
  do n't allow hate-speech and propaganda about the palestinians being somehow less human and thus incapable of desiring peace for themselves and their families to blind you . 
  be part of the solution rather than fuelling the fires of the problem . 
  i can understand and empathise with israeli 's perspective on matters , i could make your arguments easily as well as you can ; however , i also empathise with the palestinians . 
  i tend to argue for their rights as a reaction to the constant pro-israel spam in these threads and simply try to present the other side of the story so people who are unbiased observers ( like myself ) , but as yet not as well-educated might make their own minds up . 
  i am not anti-israel , anti-israeli or anti-zionist , let alone anti-semitic . 
  i freely acknowledge israel 's many good points as a nation whilst also viewing each event that occurs on its own merits . 
  were anyone to argue for israel 's destruction ( actually ** very , very ** rare on reddit at least ) or spew anti-semitic bile ( less rare sadly ) in a thread i was commenting i would - and have - argue with them equally vociferously . 
  i do not support terrorism or civilian suffering no matter who those civilians are and feel it is important to discuss such matters freely and from both sides of the equation . 
  why is open debate and free speech so scary ? 
  btw i think you mean `` impediment to world peace '' , not impetus . 
  impediment is something that gets in the way ; impetus is a trigger that makes something happen . 
  vocabulary lessons aside either statement is both hyperbolic in the extreme and bears no relation to anything i have said . 
  please try to read what i have written carefully and then do some research on sources of commentary that do not come from the hothouse each-chamber of israeli media . 
  i have read israeli media - a lot - and recognise all your arguments from that origin . 
  all i 'm asking is that you simply open your mind to other pov . 
  even if you disagree even after reflection you will still benefit from the experience . 
  edit : also , in future , your comment reply arguments would be much more effective if you actually addressed the points raised in the comment you 're replying to rather than going off on some completely unsubstantiated , ad hominem assault on its author ... 
  in your opinion , other than the `` zionist special snowflake '' argument , what * is * the underpinning of israel 's right to palestine , its complete refusal to acknowledge international legal/diplomatic norms and its bellicosity ? 
  aaaand this is exactly why * some * countries are so loath to have diplomatic relations with israel : because instead of playing nice on the international stage they quite often ignore behavioural norms , preferring to abuse their power ... 
  of course , with certain other countries they have not yet recognised israel for different reasons ( sadly including anti-semitism , which is of course inexcusable ) , but even in those cases this type of behaviour does not help overcome historically grounded lack of relations that could be overcome these days if israel behaved better towards them . 
  israel , here 's a tip : stop trying to pressure other nations/multinational bodies - from palestine to the usa to the eu to the un - into agreeing with you , no matter what you do , and watch as the number of countries that normalise diplomatic relations rises whilst the level of criticism falls . 
  nobody likes a bully . 
  whilst the concept is encouraging as a way of improving the gazans lot in life and reducing tensions by way of improved quality of life , the reasoning behind why is less positive and typically self-serving . 
  as one has learned to expect from likud and its coterie of right-wing hatemongers . 
  do you have a source for these boasts ? 
  i would be very interested to read what they were saying . 
  edit : this is a genuine question , not an effort to dispute the existence of these boasts ... obviously such boasts would completely justify the raid , it 's just i have n't seen them published anywhere . 
  edit 2 : well , i was n't suspicious of the boast claim previously ; however , since then being answered with downvotes instead of sources has my spidey-senses tingling ... 
  i agree with your point 100 % . 
  a lot of people who are very supportive of the peace process will not support the official bds movement precisely due to the issues you mention . 
  that is certainly my personal position . 
  they are not a positive player in the situation and really need to be either majorly refocussed or left alone to wither and die . 
  i am not averse to the concept of boycotting the illegal settlements , but literally * everything else * they promote is pretty damn unpleasant . 
  the goal should not be to destroy israel , but to let palestine become its own nation . 
  preaching hatred and destruction towards israel , as bds do , simply worsens the situation by playing to the israeli victimhood false narrative/persecution complex . 
  i mean , bds do literally want to destroy israel so in their case at least the concerns of israelis are entirely justified . 
  even if the israelis maintained some level of inspections and etc the gazans having free access to the outside world would be a hugely positive step in and of itself . 
  an international body that oversaw traffic ( with a reasonably light touch ) would be ideal . 
  given that hamas are currently holding the reins in gaza , israeli security concerns are perfectly understandable and would have to be addressed . 
  an improvement in the quality of life for gazans that was unquestionably a result of an israeli development would do more to undermine hamas 's grip on power more than any number of bombings or assaults could ever hope to do .
