  [ wikipedia article about the f2g ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goodyear_f2g_corsair ) . 
  let 's hope he does n't [ sue us for hurting his feelings too ] ( https://twitter.com/jtsantucci/status/786386281605525504 ) . 
  or declare war when he wins the election ... 
  do n't worry guys , it 's just pollies who escaped from canberra . 
  they 'll all be rounded up before the next vote needs to be passed . 
  no , i was n't . 
  i only know the story of the ia drang through lt gen moore 's book ( and to a lesser extent the movie ) * we were soldiers once ... and young * , interviews with guys like rick rescorla and other memoir from 1st cav troopers . . 
  you ? 
  interesting link , presumably this would be the afghani indica strain ? 
  oh , i meant trump declaring war on australia in retaliation for this foolish statement from the nsw parliament ... 
  that 's the deformed skull of an inbred bulldog , iirc from the last time it was posted , and healthy animal do not look like that . 
  modern bulldogs , yes . 
  not the breed as it was say 100 yrs ago , which is why i specified inbred . 
   the english bulldog has become a bit of a monstrosity . 
  it 's a terrible truth , but there is honestly none of today 's breed that are `` healthy . '' they live , on average , 6.25 years . 
  they literally suffer from every single health problem you can think of , as a direct result of us making them into caricatures . 
  that 's the text from number 11 from this article , describing the english bulldog : http://emgn.com/entertainment/100-years-ago-these-13-popular-dog-breeds-were-unrecognizable/, 
  i think you hit the nail on the head . 
  a prime example of the mismatch between aussie irreverence and seppo earnestness is the very word seppo . 
  to us , it 's a semi-affectionate and definitely lighthearted term , whereas many americans ( upon learning the etymology ) take it way more seriously and are genuinely offended . 
  and they are very quick to demand that proper respect ( as they see it ) be paid . 
  tbh , i have liked almost every american i have met , but i find americans en masse to be pretty fucking irritating . 
  the whole `` we 're so alike '' thing pisses me off in and of itself . 
  sure , we share some values , but there are massive differences too . 
  the assumption we even * want * to be like america is massively misguided , and this belief that we even might simply feels like your average sep is too ignorant of our culture and too arrogant for that to even register . 
  i wonder if you can buy one of these in kit form from ikea ? 
  croatian ? 
  only on rottnest though ... 
  sure , but in terms of actually seeing them running around rottnest is the only place they 're easily accessible . 
  personally i have only ever seen them is on rotto . 
  i was n't really disagreeing in the first place mate . 
  certainly your chances of seeing one elsewhere are pretty bloody slim . 
  not in raf service it was n't ... 
  even on reddit not every comment made is argumentative ... 
  i do agree with you , i was simply pointing out that in practical terms if you want to see quokkas running around then rottnest is the only place you can just go and see them , not have to scour the bush . 
  i have never seen a quokka anywhere except rottnest , nor , afaik , has anyone i know . 
  have you ? 
  it 's certainly a possibility ( as we both agree ) ; however , one does n't just see quokkas hopping around and if you would like to see one as a resident of or visitor to perth rottnest is far and away the most certain and easiest option for a guaranteed sighting/interaction . 
  really not disputing your comment mate , just elaborating on it really . 
  i think if i had just phrased my initial reply slightly differently we could have wrapped this up in three comments instead of how ever many this makes it !, 
  that 's really cool man , i 'd love to see a quokka in those circumstances . 
  ( you may tell your brother some random dude on reddit is jealous of him , ha ha . ), 
  one thing with the rotto population is they are very used to humans and less shy ( i imagine ) than other quokkas . 
  the ones on rotto are really friendly , which makes taking a pic with them easy as pie . 
  another ( which admittedly does n't relate to what you have been saying , but is imo pretty important ) is that the other , mainland , populations need ( like all our native mammals ) to be protected from not only invasive species , but also arsehole humans . 
  we 've all heard about those pricks that hurt the rotto quokkas , but at least on rotto people like that tend to get arrested pretty promptly . 
  in that regard rotto is also the best place for people who want to see quokkas to get to do so ... 
  i really fucking hate people like those french tourists who hurt the quokkas , the thought of savages like that torturing animals makes me sick to my stomach ... 
  i would n't be surprised if there are some subtle differences as the populations must have been separated for some time by now . 
  that link you provided was really interesting in terms of the conservation management points it discussed ; i think that kind of stuff is so important . 
  we have such a unique and interesting ecosystem here that it 's our real duty , imo , as aussies ( and sandgropers to refine that point further ) to do all we can to protect it . 
  dude , i never asked you to reply . 
  block me . 
  like jabotinsky , shamir , sharon , begin et al ? 
  idk man , that stilton can be pretty fucking full on ... 
  safer for religious fanatic recruitment drive planners maybe ... 
  certainly safer for corporations . 
  not so much for almost everyone else . 
  see also : yitzhak shamir and the stern gang . 
  oh butthurt seppo , i love you so much for coming and commenting here . 
  it 's people like you that really are the icing on the cake of this sub . 
  not the fact stuff like that happens ? 
  he claims to be a yank in his post history . . 
  i found it confusing too , but it 's hard to draw any other conclusion . 
  also people from cultures that simultaneously believe cheese is a can is actually food and they make the best , nay only proper , pizza in the world . 
  dogs ' backs are n't meant to bear the weight of a human . 
  this might be cute now , but it 's not going to be so cute once the kid 's bigger , but still thinks it 's funny to ride the doggie . 
  edit : forgot a, 
  oh boy , r/shitamericanssay would love this comment . 
  it 's an excellent book , the sense of connexion he feels with the city ( due to his grandparents ' philanthropic work there in particular ) is very evident in his writing . 
  edit : now what is it about this particular comment that made u/rufusthefirefly , or one of his colleagues , downvote ? 
  it contributes to the discussion , adding more information about simon sebag montefiore ( a brilliant writer , i would recommend any of his books after having read most of them myself ) . 
  i genuinely can not see anything to upset anyone except maybe some jealousy i am better informed on the subject than they . 
  oh , and of course that * i * wrote it . 
  in that nasty little downvote , we we can see in nutshell why there is no peace for the israeli and palestinian people , that being the prevalence of the following mentalities :, 
  - extremists who unthinkingly act according to their dogmatic beliefs instead of applying any consideration to what is actually happening ;, 
  - the vicious urge to `` punish '' ( laughable because a downvote , or even a bloc of them , is not at all an effective revenge , lol ) anyone who dares venture an opinion on israel and their occupation which varies even minutely from the prescribed narrative ;, 
  - the complete disregard for the rules ( in this case `` only downvote if it does not contribute to the discussion , not because you disagree '' - let alone thanks to personal animus ; the analogy applies equally to the gv pt iv ) ;, 
  - paranoid delusional belief that everyone is persecuting the poor israelis ( guys if i 've told you once , i have told you a hundred times - * i 'm * a zionist who * supports * israel , even if i might , on occasion , disagree with certain actions of the state/government or express the discomfit certain political/racial/moral views certain israelis express evince in me , i 'm on your side as much as i am the palestinians ' and in no way your `` enemy '' ) ... 
  without the mindset that led to the pointless downvote , perhaps the peace process could progress , but with it being so very prevalent i think any unbiased observer can see why it 's so completely bogged down . 
  of course palestinian intransigence is also a problem , and had it been a palestinian who had downvoted me in the same manner i would have provided an appropriate critique to the attitudes behind that too . 
  it thought it was the okie ? 
  you 're not confused , you 're being obtuse . 
  sorry to be so blunt , but really , the situation is not so complex that anyone should struggle with it . 
  put simply yes , there is a de facto palestinian state ; however , at the same time the israelis are doing all then can to undermine that state 's development . 
  ( survival is perhaps a better term . ), 
  as to whether the aim is a single-state solution as their term is usually understood , ie palestinians are absorbed with territory ( anathaema to most zionist extremists , such as the present regime due to fears of the israeli state becoming even less racially/religiously pure than it already is ) , or a massive creeping annexation via colonisation and ethnic cleansing is more opaque . 
  some mks ( israeli politicians ) within the current regime 's cabinet 's views indicate one , others the other . 
  so both can be true simultaneously and i find it hard to believe you are not being disingenuous when claiming you can not comprehend this . 
  anyway , i hope my explanation helped you and all is now illuminated . 
  earlier fulcrum trainers had no radar ( limiting it to wvr combat with heat seeking missiles ) , but this has the radome so i would guess it 's fully combat capable . 
  ( iirc correctly these k/kub models are newly built , and very much improved over earlier models generally , a bit like the smts being built for the ruaf . ), 
  they 're intended for attack missions when a second seater can be very useful . 
  they kuznetsov is pretty small too , i doubt they 'd have deployed with the kubs ( which other photos make it look like they are ) if they could n't fight . 
  so i do n't know for sure , but i think so . 
  you have obviously never heard of the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ party , let alone read any of their positions on the matter ... 
  i 'd advise you to be careful doing so , certainly do n't read their vile opinions on a full stomach , unless , of course , you * enjoy * the smell of vomit . 
  `` do bears shit in the woods '' is pretty common elsewhere too , i 've certainly heard it used plenty of times exactly as you describe , but in english . 
  there 's a lot of ( older , but still used sometimes ) aussie slang words and phrases that would probably be impossible for non-aussies to follow , including :, 
  - `` you 've got two chances - none , and buckley 's '' ( or just `` you 've got buckley 's ) , which means you have no chance of something,
