  most israelis are just normal people , but most of the settlers * are * bad though . 
  put simply , they represent the worst of israeli society and there 's no two ways about it . 
  it 's not because of where they live , it 's because of their behaviour . 
  incidents of settler violence and property damage are reported regularly ( and by all accounts those reported are merely the tip of the iceberg ) , whenever settlers make any kind of public statement it is invariably a hate-filled scream of bigotry , demanding that their illegal homes be allowed to grow unrestrained and that they be allowed to ride untrammelled over the rights of the native inhabitants of the land they build upon . 
  they certainly make no effort to dispel the aura of thuggery , racism and extremist beliefs that surround them , ever . 
  they even regularly attack idf soldiers who have the temerity to try to encourage them to behave within the bounds of legality . 
  perhaps there are settlers who are simply looking to find somewhere they can live within their means , but i have never once seen or heard of such settlers expressing their position as such . 
  all statements i have ever seen from illegal israeli settlers in the occupied territories express ideological motivations ; no matter whether they are making public , official statements as community leaders , interacting with the native inhabitants they have displaced or israeli officials who are attempting to make sure that israeli law is respected by them or talking to journalists , the views they express and the nature of their behaviour is clearly driven by their belief system . 
  maybe the nice ones are just at home with a cup of tea , but one would have thought that * one * of them would have popped up in public at least * once * !, 
  the problem is that the millennials are overly entitled - they * expect * the right to be as wealthy as their parents without having to work as hard as they did because they went and partied for four years at college !, 
  this is a result of their having been told they can be whatever they want and do whatever they want when the reality that life simply is n't like that . 
  this discovery is a big slap in the face for the kids whose parents never smacked their precious little bottoms when it might have done some good . 
  now you want to change the rules to suit you by taking over the political , legal and economic bodies that run things when you 've never had a job ? 
  good luck , i can see * that * going smoothly . 
  as someone fortunate enough to miss out by a year or two on being a millennial , but who knows many of them i can say there are plenty of millennials out there with good jobs , indeed many of my colleagues are from that generation . 
  it 's just that those millennials got their shit together , worked hard at university ( or to learn a trade ) and went out and found a job instead of expecting to handed one on a silver platter ... 
  may i suggest to anyone who is currently unemployed that their time would be better spent looking for work than on reddit - once you find a job i can assure you there will be plenty of time to spend on here . 
  edit : boo-hoo , seems the poor widdle millennials ca n't face a dose of reality - well exercise your entitlement and downvote away . 
  interesting that the indignation extends as far as downvoting , but nowhere near attempting a refutation . 
  and that kids is why you ca n't get a job . 
  interesting that none of the usual pro-israeli commenters appear in this thread - doubtless too busy explaining how israel is the only gay friendly country in the me to justify the oppression of palestinians to do so or something i guess ? 
  how is that funny ? 
  even if you disagree from an ideological perspective why do n't try to disprove the facts provided . 
  is it because that it too hard for you to even attempt ? 
  or are israel 's numerous breaches of ceasefires somehow genuinely amusing to you ? 
  good on you man , you just go prove what i 'm saying . 
  there 's members of every generation like you and i just as there are many members of every generation who blame society because they never actually did * anything * for themselves !, 
  it is worth noting that many israeli citizenship rights are tied to military service which is naturally anathema to most palestinian arab israeli citizens , thus giving lie to the oft stated `` equality '' of all citizens of israel that we hear so much about on this sub ... 
  edit : spelling, 
  that 's a fair point , but does n't substantively change the fact that , seeing as they do not serve , most arabs are denied those linked rights, 
  perhaps citizenship rights is the wrong term semantically , unless ( as i do ) you consider the right to work a citizenship right ? 
  many employers only accept candidates who have served in the idf , even if they do not openly acknowledge this and many more consider the nature of an individual 's military service for highly desirable jobs . 
  how does this confer an economic advantage ? 
  many benefits are only available to those who served - benefits that include housing and educational grants , rent subsidies and land allocations to former soldiers . 
  again , how does denial of such benefits constitute an economic advantage ? 
  that this constitutes institutionalised discrimination was affirmed by the u.s. state department , an institution that even the most rabid israeli surely would n't lump in with the un as `` anti-israeli '' ? 
  you 're technically correct , but nonetheless that 's a very disingenuous comment . 
  read the answers below from both / u/meteorblade and me , they basically say the same thing though his is more pithy . 
  ah , i 'm an anti-semite , is that it ? 
  so what you 're saying is there * should n't * be equal rights for blacks and whites ? 
  perhaps you 'd prefer some kind of apartheid system ? 
  certainly in 2009 when the israeli railway system tried to make military service mandatory for all train guards they were eventually forced to back down and renege on that policy after two successful court cases were brought against them with regards to it ; however , as you say , nobody really doubts that it is a common and widespread , albeit not widely acknowledged , practice amongst israeli companies . 
  so sure , it should n't happen and can be brought to court * if it can be proven * , but that is easier said than done , unfortunately . 
  whilst the israeli government must be lauded for finally treating israeli terrorists as such rather than common criminals , it has to be said that 6 months `` administrative detention '' without any legal process for defence is a troubling policy whether applied to jews or palestinians and not something one would typically expect of a democratic society . 
  it really is very encouraging to see that all terrorists are becoming equal in israel though , just as all its citizens are equal in other aspects of life . 
  is n't military service two years though , not ten ? 
  certainly any military offers training opportunities for certain fields , but my understanding is that that is not what is being talked about by the u.s. state department when they talk about institutional discrimination against arabs who ( quite understandably imo ) do n't serve ... 
  there is certainly a lot of common sense truth in what you 're saying , but just as the israeli courts ' judgements do n't prevent discrimination those truths do n't preclude genuine discrimination resulting from the situation either . 
  this guy is a particularly egregious case too and i get that . 
  if i read your comment correctly this administrative detention is allowed because he was a west bank settler , not a resident of israel ? 
  that is less troubling and even more encouraging - more examples like this ( as in settlers having the same laws applied to them as are to the native population ) would go a long way towards nullifying the accusations of israel as an apartheid state . 
  i 'm was n't insinuating anything i merely repeated the state department 's findings . 
  the jobs you are talking about are a tiny minority of total jobs and out of the reach of most people , particularly palestinian arab israelis . 
  it is exclusion from jobs like those on the railways - a specific case which was implemented then successfully legally challenged , but is surely representative of a large number of similar roles too smart to openly state their policies - that constitutes ( in the words of the state department ) institutional discrimination , particularly when combined with the other benefits that are denied to non-veterans . 
  i do n't entirely disagree ( and have n't at any point ) with what you 're saying , but ( without knowing much about the u.s. 
  veteran 's association , not being from the states ) no group in u.s. society is discouraged from military service and its ensuing benefits by a unique lack of compulsion linked with a uniquely incredible level of moral and social pressure not to serve as palestinian arab israelis are . 
  therein lies the issue . 
  it is fairly subtle and certainly insidious rather than brutally overt ; furthermore , as you say , no state anywhere is anywhere near becoming any kind of utopic uberstat anytime soon , but nonetheless there it is ... 
  perhaps so , but that kind of national service does n't count for the type of benefits you were talking about earlier and the pressures not to serve or collaborate are very clear to anyone who cares to think about it , meaning that the fact that they are not required to undertake any form of national service - as opposed to being excused only military service - functions to sanitise the discrimination identified by the u.s. state dept. 
  the situation will become interesting in the fairly near future as the idf has stated that they intend to move towards becoming an all volunteer force . 
  at that point any discrimination will have to move out of the shadows under which it can now hide or be eliminated : what will be interesting then will be watching how israeli society reacts . 
  i do n't consider that discrimination either , but rather a natural lack of benefits that result from experiences gained . 
  as i think we 've reached a point beyond which we 're not going to progress on that part of my comment could we ignore that and consider the second paragraph of my previous comment ? 
  how do you think society will respond to an end to conscription ? 
  surely compulsory national service will cease in all forms then , as has happened elsewhere . 
  at that point do you think the disadvantages of not serving will disappear ? 
  how many palestinian arab israelis do you see in the offices of these large enterprises in israel and in what roles ? 
  the immigrant generational story is well known in australia from many waves of immigrants treading the same path - 1st generation lives in ( formerly cheap ) inner city and works hard in shops or market gardens , 2nd generation studies hard and enters the professions , 3rd generation tends to have integrated into mainstream australian society . 
  here i meet many guys driving taxis who are too educated to be stuck doing that for a living too ; some problems are universal . 
  i just think you guys have different standards of proof . 
  that was interesting and kudos for acknowledging that the palestinians are , like australian aboriginals , the native , indigenous population who have been displaced by immigration from outside . 
  unfortunately many pro-israeli commenters wo n't even countenance such parallels ... 
  i upvoted you by the way , it was n't me that down voted any of the conversation . 
  hang on , who was there first ? 
  do * you * expect the palestinians to accept colonial immigrants with open arms after they seized their homeland by force of arms ? 
  i do n't support hamas 's methods , but let 's not forget that almost all israelis have immigrated within just the past 70 years and in doing so have displaced the arab people who had lived there for centuries prior to the zionist project 's instigation , as understandable as that project 's motivation might be ... 
  amnesty international are just as bad as those other notoriously anti-semitic institutions , the un and u.s. state department both of whom have also had the temerity to criticise israeli actions - how can you trust a word any of those organisations say ? 
  they 're all basically set up to bash israel dude , do n't you know * anything * ? 
  i prefer the term `` abrogated their connection with palestine '' , abandoned is not accurate as some jews stayed . 
  it was also 2,000 years so millennia is more accurate than `` hundreds of years '' . 
  or jew , jdam and officer in gaza ( jew , torah and rabbi elsewhere though of course ! ), 
  how so ? 
  most of the jewish population joined the diaspora after vespasian and titus quite predictably defeated their pathetic attempt to challenge the roman empire , leading to their expulsion from what had been judea ( but at that point became palestina ) , the destruction of herod 's temple ( the only proven temple incidentally as david seems to be a mythical figure analogous to britain 's king arthurr , given that - despite the massive effort directed at trying to do so - no archaeological evidence for his existence has ever been found ... ) and the jews subsequent life throughout europe and the me , with its attendant sufferings and profitings , that followed for two millennia with no effort or even serious consideration by the diaspora to return until the judenstaat , zionist movement and etc of the late 19th century and no actual `` aaliyah '' until even later !, 
  even that was a symbolic trickle with mass immigration only occurring from the 1920s on , accelerating with the rise of nazism through the '30s and reaching critical mass post-ww2 in the '40s after the abject horrors of the holocaust . 
  at this point the state of israel was brought into existence by the british , the un and the zionists ( each playing significant , but varying roles ) at which point almost all the jews in the me were forced to move to israel whether they wanted to or not by both israeli policy and the sentiment of the communities in which they had peacefully coexisted for those two millennia until the actions of the zionists raised the ire of the arabs dramatically and immediately by seizing more of palestine even than the un and britain had already allowed them . 
  the subsequent history of wars and etc is well known and scarcely needs be repeated again in this sub where it is a topic of endless discussion ... 
  did i miss anything important ? 
  i think my grasp of history is fairly reasonable and that my preferred term perfectly accurate . 
  thanks . 
  i have to admit i worded it slightly differently than i would have in reply to a different comment - i know the language i used is n't overly sympathetic , but the guy i replied to was a bit of a dick . 
  tbh i actually have a lot more sympathy for israel , certainly as a concept and for its people , than the tone of my brief history might imply ; i really only take exception with what 's happening in gaza/wb and certain policies/positions of the israeli government ( s ) . 
  were a just peace to be arrived at tomorrow i think we 'd probably see eye-to-eye on most things ... 
  i am regularly recognised and respected as a rabbi by even `` atheist '' jews and it 's not like i 'm haredim even !, 
  most jews can at least recognise a torah too , even if they ca n't quote from it . 
  many fairly secular jews are actually quite intrigued by the spirituality of the kabbalah too . 
  jews may not be allowed * in * gaza , but there are no restrictions - either de jure or de facto due to the blessed absence of any kind of gazan integrated air defence system of radars , sams , aaa or even manpads - infringing on their right to be * over * gaza !, 
  thus when any ia&sdf pilot is ordered by their commanding officer to annihilate whatever hospital , school , kindergarten or other `` legitimate military target '' [  ] that is either directly being used to launch attacks against israel or doing so indirectly by providing aid , health or any measure of comfort to hamas fighters or their support formations ( such as family members for example ) they do not have to violate that prohibition to deliver the appropriate jdam , hellfire , popeye , paveway or other ordnance . 
  many of these `` smart '' weapons can actually be delivered from israeli airspace in any case , but even dropping `` dumb '' ( iron bombs or cluster bomb units ) which require the aircraft to be directly over the target or for area bombing effects the pilot is still technically not violating that disgusting piece of apartheid `` law '' anyway ... 
  taking a bus into gaza would be a gutsy move - even for a gazan , let alone an israeli !, 
  who knows how many rockets hamas can fit in a * bus * ... ?
