  cheeseburgers ? 
  holy fuck , that 's dreadful . 
  they should use this in a vocabulary example differentiating `` most '' from `` best '' . 
  that 's a great book - i can second the recommendation . 
  see , i always think of america culture being something largely grown in petri dishes and diner kitchens , that the strict border controls in australia largely protect us from . 
  i do understand what he 's trying to say , but i honestly do n't consider * brands * culture . 
  any other `` cultural product '' that emerges from the states tends to non-indigenous and shamelessly aping european culture ( eg `` high '' culture ) , aimed solely at teens/adults with minimal intellectual capacity ( hollywood movies ) or utterly bizarre ( rodeos , truck balls ) verging on disturbing ( guns , guns , guns !, 
  it 's nice we can agree on something at last ` puter_name . 
  and blue jeans are `` culture '' ? 
  setting the bar pretty low there , but sure , if that 's how you define culture i guess you 're both right . 
  i would n't disagree with a lot of what you just wrote , but outside america there is also a lot of local `` lowest-common-denominator culture '' entirely seperate from what comes out of america , or so loosely related to american culture that it 's just part of the same global cultural churn that has turned denim into `` american culture '' . 
  ( denim of course deriving from the french serge de n\u00eemes , meaning `` serge from n\u00eemes '' . ), 
  one big difference is that many north americans are seemingly entirely ignorant of most non-american cultural products , whilst elsewhere people consume a mix of different cultures - local , american , uk , asian , european all being very visible and strong in australia ( for example , as that 's where i 'm from ) - without feeling the need to appropriate things from those cultures and claim them as our own to enjoy them . 
  this is a big part of why we find this north american insistence on said continent 's cultural dominance so laughable - to a great extent that insistence is clearly a result of their blinkered worldview . 
  one thing i would point out to you is that the linked commenter here would most probably vehemently deny that there is any such thing as canadian culture except as a subset of us culture - some of the most viciously retarded sas we see is directed at canadians . 
  certainly i do n't conflate the two . 
  in fact , you 're the first person i have personally seen who does . 
  [ he visited flint and * drank the water * *** on tv *** ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-05-05/flint-water-crisis-obama-drinks-water/7385494 ) last week . 
  the guy who was killed was obviously not a saint , but one expects a modern society to value due process over the tribalistic primativism this murderous , rogue soldier and his supporters hold so dear . 
  ~ ~ elon azaria should have his chevrons ripped off his sleeve and be set loose on the streets of ramallah one night - let him see how he likes a taste of his own style of `` justice '' . 
  in fact , all the israelis who support him should also be handed over for a taste of vigilantism , seeing as they support it so fervently . ~ ~ ( edit : removed because this really is not a constructive suggestion , nor one i would even support if it were ever even a slight possibility . ), 
  it 's quite disturbing to observe the grip that the religious-nationalist right-wing extremist movement ( the jewish home and etc ) is clearly gaining on israeli society as a whole , even outside their core supporters in the illegal settler communities . 
  this is the underlying issue fermenting the very real problems identified and warned about in major general yair golan 's speech last week of which this murder case is merely the most visible and topical instance . 
  as the major general so eloquently put it :, 
   `` there is nothing easier than to hate those who are different ; there is nothing easier than to sow fear and terror ; there is nothing easier than to behave like animals . '', 
  given license and emboldened by the hateful ideas the religious nationalist movement he is affiliated with and supported by , this soldier behaved like an animal ; his supporters hate those who are different : both feed off and sow further hatred and fear at the same time with their words and actions . 
  ze'ev jabotinsky , yitzhak shamir and ariel sharon ( an army officer , not an insurgent , but self-admittedly involved in the horrific sabra and shattila massacres during israel 's invasion of lebanon ) also spring immediately to mind ... 
  sorry , you 're right - it 's a slightly heavy-handed way of making my point and not an entirely constructive suggestion . 
  however , i was just making a point , or rather a counterpoint to those who claim his actions were justified . 
  in situations like this when people are in conflict with `` the other '' it sometimes helps for those people to put themselves in `` the other 's '' shoes , something that can be very difficult for many people to do . 
  occasionally an extreme example can help highlight that what might seem reasonable and rational when applied to the enemy is not actually acceptable behaviour no matter who suffers the consequences . 
  so much concentrated firepower in that nose there . 
  must have been a very nasty surprise to the first axis pilots to run into it . 
  it 's interesting to see the various belt-feed locations in the nose . 
  what do they do while they 're on the toilet ? 
  just what india needs . 
  that 's just a mass-hysteria driven delusion , propped up with semantics though , is n't it ? 
  according to the source of the zionist 's slavering , wanton lust for palestine ( the bible ) , the ancient israelites moved into the ancient west bank , violently displacing the indigenous canaanite population in a grim foreshadowing of the present colonial enterprise . 
  ancient israelites may have lived in palestine , but that was just one place of many they have inhabited over the last 3,000-3 ,500 years , and inhabited briefly at that !, 
  indeed the ancient kingdom of israel only lasted 250 years or so ( 1000bc-730bc ) before control was ceded to an array of other immigrant cultures . 
  the name palestine also predates the kingdom of israel , proven by the archaeological record . 
  ( source : https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/palestine#etymology ), 
  the occupation can hardly be considered anything other than deliberate either . 
  it had been long planned before the '67 war of aggression was started by israel and has carried on for fifty years now . 
  if it were n't for the illegal settlements you might have a point , but they just rip that fig leaf right off . 
  i see the zionist colonial project as being much closer to the crusades than the fluffy rainbows and unicorns world you just described . 
  colonisation for profit , sited in palestine for, 
  religious reasons . 
  of course , that is not to say that israel is now a reality the arabs must learn to accept because israel will and should continue to exist as master of its own destiny . 
  it is merely the illegal colonisation i feel needs to be regarded through a lens of reason and reality instead of this `` mythical homeland '' mumbo-jumbo and prevarication over its ruthlessly cynical innate nature/brutal implementation . 
   white knighting ? 
  fuck off , why do n't you ? 
  and stop white knighting for the palestinians while you 're at it . 
  nobody wants or needs your 4chan-tier rhetoric . 
  steady on mate - if you ca n't handle contentious opinions on this contentious issue then why come to this sub ? 
   yeah except they actually gave you the reason : it 's jewish land, 
  if , as you say , the west bank * is * part of israel then israel is most definitely an apartheid state . 
  it 's nice one of you guys will finally admit what we all know - so many others are in absolute denial !, 
   as for the second group ... does land being `` jewish-owned '' somehow give it special status ? 
  for example , if a jewish person owned , say , a house in los angeles or london or buenos aires , does the religion or ethnicity of the owner somehow make the land part of israel , or somehow change the status of the land from american , british or argentine to somehow not those things ? 
    they do not consider it jewish-owned in the sense that a jew has a title to the land , but jewish owned in that it is the common heritage of the jewish people , e.g. , the premise of zionism . 
  are you saying the west bank is owned by israel , even without titles , because mumble mumble bible mumble mumble , or that if a zionist jew owns property in any sovereign state their property magically becomes part of israel in the same way as the wb is seen as magically somehow being part of israel ? 
   do n't you find it ironic that the first time palestinians have ever been sovereign over a piece of territory was when israel gave it to them ? 
  only because israel does n't legally possess that right , any more than it has been legal to colonise the west bank ... 
   contentious opinions like using 4chan phrases ? 
  why do n't you call me a cuck to follow up ? 
  sorry for actually having some standards when i talk to someone, 
  which 4chan phrases , sorry ? 
  i did n't notice them ; however , i am only acquainted with 4chan indirectly via what people like you tell me of their experience . 
   even if xx % of israelis believe that the west bank is theirs , it does not become so . 
  just as no percentage of palestinians believing israel is palestine makes it so . 
  it remains an occupation no matter what this surveys ' findings are . 
  you can call it a de facto state of apartheid , and god knows probably the majority of anti-zionists do , but it is not yet a formal apartheid . 
  that will happen when israel formally annexes the whole of the west bank . 
  i am in agreement with this statement 100 % . 
   i 'm obviously not claiming the second one and if you did n't insist on being disingenous , you could see that . 
   the first is the premise of zionism . 
  now you will reveal the shocking truth : you , an anti-zionist , do not agree with the premise of zionism . 
  sorry , but it was n't that obvious or i would n't have had to ask . 
  i anticipated an answer much like what you just provided ( it 's the reasonable view after all ) , but would n't have asked if there was no doubt in my mind . 
  israeli-religious-nationalist apologists write some crazy things , but you do n't seem to be one of those guys so thanks for answering ( albeit with an absolute lack of grace and quite unnecessary levels of aggression ) . 
  i am actually an avowed zionist . 
  i 100 % support israel 's right to existence , security and self-determination and empathise with the motivations of the zionist movement entirely . 
  i do not support attacks on israeli civilians ( even illegal settlers ) any more than i support the idf 's murdering of palestinian civilians . 
  i simply feel that the occupation is immoral and that the palestinians possess the same natural right to self-determination as israelis . 
  as a result i disagree with the israeli right-wing-extremist regime currently in power and many of their racist and illegal policies - especially those of the frighteningly , apartheid and genocide supporting jewish home party . 
  however , i have no problem with ordinary , decent israelis whatsoever and consider my concerns about the extremists well justified . 
  check my post history . 
  i have never written anything other than supportive for the core zionist principles . 
  i never propagate anti-semitism , but instead fight it and call out such bigots . 
  i just see things as not being black and white with israel always right . 
  that 's a very disingenuous way of putting things . 
  which entity possessed these rights has changed over millennia in terms both of whom holds these rights and the international legal understanding of exactly what these rights consist of . 
  palestine * should * have transitioned from imperial governance to self-governance in line with other former colonies post-wwii ; however , the zionists disrupted this process in the course of forcing * their * colonial project 's goals upon the indigenous population by way of mass illegal immigration , terrorism and eventually war . 
  it is certainly not a matter of nobody being bothered as you are clearly trying to imply . 
   and yet , none of them delivered sovereignty nor independence . 
  your point being ? 
   considering that the result was the most productive state in the middle east . . i do n't think disrupted would be the correct word . 
  that 's certainly one way to describe israel . 
  however , israel being relatively marginally more productive than some of its neighbours is entirely irrelevant to the zionist 's behaviours leading to the state 's creation and the impact that had on palestine 's journey to self-determination .
