  tbh i have nothing against catholics , or any other religious group . 
  anti-catholic sentiment is just kind of traditional in australia , and i was making a joke based on that . 
  however ; now the proselytising has begun it 's quite clear the joke has gone far enough . 
  so , sorry catholics , i did n't mean to * really * offend you !, 
  if you want to be a catholic , that 's your business , just as it is the business of buddhists being buddhists , parsees being parsees and yes , muslims being muslim . . 
  idk , i would n't underestimate the rapacity of car dealers and finance brokers . 
  he definitely could n't get a good value loan on it though , that i would be willing to place a judicious sum on !, 
  actually , this is [ the specific comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/israel/comments/5e6tft/netanyahu_bans_ministers_from_speaking_to_trump/daa9hwm/ ) to which i referred ( how you think the one you found relates at all is baffling to me , especially as i put fa spin on what i was actually paraphrasing . . ) :, 
   though i posted the photo as a joke , i 'll tackle your question . 
  since the whole series of names being floated about cabinet positions in the trump presidency , it reeks like there are a lot of people willing to knobslob on trump for a spot closeby . 
  i can see netanyahu being paranoid enough about his own position in u.s.-israeli relations to think others in his own gov ' t would try and curry favor with trump as well . 
  especially since , like you say , these others are just as much if not more hawkish than netanyahu is . 
  imagine how well it 'll sit within their own parties or chunks of the population to be the one to get trump to agree to back more settlements or get jerusalem recognized as the capitol . 
  well , if someone has to be picked on it may as well be the bloody left-footers , right ? 
  ffs , this was all written in the context of a satirical article ; i have n't seen the rule that says humour is verboten and everyone must be po-faced serious when discussing the pope 's minions in the sidebar , * and * i even acknowledged that imo catholics are ok , so what 's the problem ? 
  when i was there a concert was being set up , but unfortunately we were just passing through - would love to go to a gig there though . . 
  ok , i see your point - i have rephrased my original comment to address your concerns . 
   none of your comments did n't come across as humour to me, 
  none * did n't * come across as humour , or did ? 
  look mate , different people have different senses of humour and i guess ours just do n't line up , but , as you say , that 's all good . 
  i honestly do n't have anything against catholics , and felt that as a group you guys have overcome the very real prejudice formerly suffered enough that it 's not `` too soon '' . 
  maybe i misjudged , but as i said it is in the context of a satirical post 's discussion . 
  tbh , i do n't see how anyone could take my posts seriously ( guy fawkes and the whole beholden to the bishop of rome thing . . ) , but what do i know ? 
  maybe people * do * still think like that , even here ? 
  not necessarily the most * popular * opinion , but imo the most correct . 
  different things . 
  sorry , i replied straight away without seeing the ninja edit . 
  fair enough mate , i get it . 
  perhaps i do need to work on making the jokes more obvious . . 
  smoking !!, 
  i do n't normally do this , but in the case of what i just wrote i feel i have to : *** / s ***, 
  please do n't smoke really , tobacco is a terrible vice and it does n't look cool . 
  is n't that just their mating dance ? 
  does r/israel * not * represent at least a subset of israeli opinion ? 
  no matter , the definition of cogent is :, 
   clear , logical , and convincing . 
  imo the comment i quoted * was * the most clear , logical and convincing interpretation i read on r/israel , and i fail to see how you can dispute that is my opinion . . 
  hmmm , just checked in the mirror : pretty sure i 'm not trump . 
  as i said , in my * opinion * that was the most reasonable explanation i read in r/israel 's discussion of the subject , and if you review the thread i only linked/quoted the comment in response to the other commenter who provided an alternative , completely incorrect ( and to my mind utterly bizarre ) comment on r/israel he thought i was originally paraphrasing . 
  so not so much an appeal to authority as a refutation of inaccuracy . . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm ( secular ) coe mate , do n't let the username fool you . . 
  fully half you reckon ? 
  i do n't think more than a quarter , but that 's anecdotal ; i assume you performed some kind of statistical analysis though ? 
  would you like to know what 's * really * ironic ? 
  where you accuse me of being jewish , israelis jews regularly accuse me of being an anti-semite , despite my regularly avowed zionist principles . 
  personally , and again this is purely subjective , i think i 'm a reflection people see what they want to in . . 
  i assure you though , my background is very much coe , anglo ( obviously , given the coe bit ) australian . 
  i * should * use more neutral terms to describe my actually quite balanced ideas , then very few people would argue with what i have to say . 
  but that way i would n't get in any arguments . . 
  ok , you may well be right ( in fact i know for a fact a lot of the regulars i chortle at in r/israel - and almost all of the voices i disagree with most vehemently - are n't israelis ) ; however , i only ever made claims pertaining to r/israel , not israel per se . 
  do n't fuck wit da squirrels, 
  i used to have this picture as my work pc wallpaper - those spangdahlem f-4g / e sead hunter-killer team spooks in the euroone scheme with the shark mouth looked very cool . . 
  sumerian cuneiform tablet , ancient greek bowl , byzantine oil lamps , roman glass perfume bottle , wwii wehrmacht stahlhelm , vietnam era m1 us army helmet , other bits and pieces like flint arrowheads sand whatnot . 
  bit of a mixed bag , but it 's all stuff i like . 
  we are weaponising drop bears , and working on drop bear covert deployment systems . 
  when he enacts any such legislation we will release the drop bears , followed shortly by tabloid articles ( as academic papers have no effect ) blaming the infestation on climate change . 
  do n't most things in america have bullet holes in them ? 
  collecting bullion . 
  you did say `` does n't * necessarily * require money '' . . 
   brandon doan maintains he `` gently smooshed '' the pizza in jennifer boop 's face, 
  certainly the most pooluted . . 
  i love this russian propaganda , it 's funny . 
  there is quite a lot of it around ; it 's more about trusting the dealer you buy it from , and buying stuff with provenance ( so as to not support the black market ) . 
  if you have a look around i am sure you will find something you like , without having to spend a huge amount of money . 
  it is nice having something ancient , 
  is the 105 cheaper than a'bunadh in the us , or do you mean you like it more enough to compensate for the slight price difference in aberlour 's favour ? 
  i ask because 105 is consistently more expensive ( albeit marginally ) than a'bunadh here in aus . . 
  she 's from the same city in western australia as i am ( ie the only city in wa . . ) , how have i not heard of her before i wonder ? 
  edgy, 
  that 's it - when you find something that really appeals you will recognise it . . 
  i find it hard to choose which i prefer myself , though i have been drinking a'bunadh for a good long time now and have had many more bottles of it than the 105 . . 
  i * think * that 's also because i do prefer a'bunadh , but to be perfectly sure i really need to sample some more 105 . 
  for science , you know . 
  they are all fine drams ; might i suggest seeking out the glengoyne cs to add to that list ? 
  to my mind it is n't * quite * up there with the others ; however , it 's still a worthy whisky and comes in a decent bit cheaper ( here at least ) . . 
  no worries . 
  you ca n't edit titles , but i 'm sure everyone knows what you are reviewing despite a transposed letter or two , 
  good review too btw . 
  you know what 's really funny is yesterday i was `` accused '' of being a jew , while today i am being accused of being an antisemite who thinks that stabbing jews to death is ok , when in actual fact i am neither . 
  i think people read too much into usernames , and project their own thoughts into mine especially . . 
  it 's quite funny , there seems to be a bit of catholic brigading going on itt - there are the same number of commenters posting pro-catholic comments as the number of downvotes i have got , and a quick look at their histories shows most post regularly to r/catholicism . . 
  i get why they are defensive , but i do n't see how they can take any of this - the article , my posts , the whole lot - so seriously !, 
  i am actually a zionist ( ie i believe entirely in israel 's right to continued existence , security and self-determination as a homeland for the jewish nation ) , i just happen to disagree with certain israeli policies wrt the refusal to allow the native population of the colonised region the same rights . 
  there is a big difference between anti-semitism and legitimate criticism of a vicious , criminal occupation and oppressive apartheid regime ( in the wb , not israel proper . . ) ; i get that from an israeli perspective having your propaganda challenged is , well , challenging and you are unused to hearing dissenting opinions that differ from the extreme-right-wing-nationalism that dominates the israeli discourse , but it 's still not anti-semitism . 
  however , this is not the right sub to hold this discussion : if you wish to question my political views on israel 's actions you , as you have already identified , have every opportunity to do so in r/worldnews or wherever else . . 
  if you will accept some advice though , might i suggest you read and consider what i have to say instead of letting your persecution complex , fun as that must be to indulge , take hold ? 
  you might learn something if you can do that is all . . 
  hmmm , and * you * are accusing * me * of being a bigot ? 
  i believe '' [ enhanced interrogation techniques ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enhanced_interrogation_techniques ) '' is the preferred modern nomenclature . . 
  [ the season of the witch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaztnssgs2s ), 
  it 's not just * ok * , it 's bloody hilarious . 
  and dude , that was * not * hard : it was a blindingly obvious play on words focussing on the single best known aspect of indian ( well , hindoo indian at least , sikhs/parsees/muslims / jains/buddhists/maoists and etc. . generally holding themselves to higher standards of personal and public hygiene as i understand matters ) culture . 
  ok buddy , take a few deep breaths and count to ten . 
  this conversation is utterly pointless , so i 'm going to let you take the last word and stop encouraging you after this reply . 
  tbh i feel bad , knowing that i am simply feeding your mental condition by participating . . 
  i am totes a zionist though ftr . 
  ahem , i believe you mean `` urbans '' . . 
  or is it `` googles '' they are now using ? 
  it 's hard to keep up these days , what with the rapid advances in racism currently being achieved by the us alt-right movement . .
