  blaming all jews simply plays into the israeli regime 's false victim narrative : do n't fall into their trap . 
  some of the most sane voices in the world regarding israel are actually jews horrified by the crimes of their co-religionists - intellectuals such as norman finkelstein , noam chomsky , philip weiss and adam horowitz ( of mondoweiss ) all provide some of the best , most balanced insights into the issues surrounding the ongoing conflict . 
  you know , the ones where he explicitly threatens unilateral military action against iran ... 
  also occurrences like this completely unproven story being posted perhaps fifty times into r/worldnews in a vain effort to disrupt the reintegration of iran into the international community . 
  who keeps posting it ? 
  why do they keep trying ? 
  what is the intended effect ? 
  wow , such victimhood . 
  the world does n't hate israel - the world hates the israeli regime 's criminal actions . 
  if israel did not behave as a rogue state it would not come under so much criticism . 
  look at iran - as soon as they started to play nice they were welcomed back into the international community . 
  israel could achieve the same were they to stop their human rights violations , bellicosity and scorning of international law . 
  the settlements in the west bank ( judea and samaria is an archaic name that no longer holds any meaning except in the minds of delusional religious extremists ) are illegal and the cause of the ongoing conflict . 
  palestine will never be able to field an army capable of challenging israeli hegemony and , in case you had n't noticed ( it 's only been 40 years or so after all ... ) israel has been at peace with its arab neighbours for many years . 
  israel * should * have to make massive concessions . 
  the situation is entirely of their making after all . 
  the palestinians have gained nothing since herzl and his zionists decided to inflict their racist philosophy of colonial violence on palestine - why should they voluntarily give up anything after so much has been taken from them by deception or force ? 
  the only way peace will be achieved at this point is for the eu/us to cease all support for the racist israeli regime and impose crushing sanctions as was done to iran , iraq and south africa . 
  these are the countries to which israel must be compared and israel should be handled the same way . 
  the longer the situation is left as it is the more israel eats away at the viability of a palestinian state , the more palestinians suffer under the jackboot of israel 's occupation 's apartheid policies and the more innocent civilians die on both sides . 
  israel needs to learn that repeating lies and threats does not make them any more believable nor any more palatable to those outside the israeli hivemind with its disgustingly racist views and ideology . 
   ha you think those guys opinions are balanced ? 
  they are the ultra left , self hating , worst type of jew . 
  most jews are very supportive of israel and its right to exist . 
  all of the authors i mentioned are supportive of israel and its right to exist , as am i. 
  it is entirely possible to support the existence and right to self-determination of both israel ** and ** palestine . 
  only the israeli right and its unthinking supporters see these as orthogonal positions to hold . 
  equally it is entirely possible to support israel 's right to existence and self-determination whilst being critical of the current regime , the illegality and horror that underpins the colonialist adventure in the wb and the state 's relentless propaganda war . 
  nobody is saying that the palestinians are not also guilty of atrocities and terrible behaviour ; however , i was addressing the op 's racism towards jews . 
  the actions of the palestinians are certainly related to israel 's behaviour - in both senses - without needing to be discussed to address anti-semitism . 
  the palestinians did n't wage war in ' 48 , '67 or '73 - all of those wars were fought against arab states ' armies , not palestinian guerilla forces . 
  prior to '48 the palestinians were certainly fighting what was at that point a civil war with the zionist colonisers of their land . 
  this was indubitably an element in the arab states ' decision to go to war ; however , for the most part palestinians did not fight in the '48 war lacking , as they did , an army !, 
  you omitted israel 's invasion of egypt in '53 ( suez crisis ) from your little laundry list of israel 's wars - was that perhaps because it does n't fit your narrative ? 
  in '67 israel attacked egypt on what were very flimsy pretexts as a war of territorial expansion long-planned and prepared for . 
  prior to the war israel had been instigating `` border incidents '' , spying on its neighbours very aggressively and preparing its own military equally aggressively . 
  prior to the attack egypt had certainly forward positioned some forces ; however , they were known by the idf to not be at all adequate for an attack and israel was supplied with extensive intelligence demonstrating clearly that egypt did not actually intend an invasion . 
  in '67 the only palestinian participation was again limited resistance to the invading idf troops . 
  the yom kippur war in '73 was not intended to destroy israel , but merely regain the territory israel had occupied in '67 - this is well documented to the point it is expressly stated in * the first paragraph * of the [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yom_kippur_war ) article on the war with not one , but two citations . 
  israel simply reaped what it had sown , suffered massive initial defeats at the egyptians ' hands due to the idf 's hubris and blackmailed the us with the threat of nuclear armageddon to receive new weapons and eventually win . 
  again the palestinians played no part in the events of ' 73 . 
  next israel invaded lebanon in ' 82 , presiding over the horrific sabra and shatila massacres that their fascist ( literally ) phalangist allies carried out under the idf 's protection . 
  in just three months of the lebanon invasion over 20,000 palestinians and lebanese civilians died - more deaths than israel 's jews have suffered since the state 's formation 70 odd years ago !, 
  the narrative that the palestinians could have had a country had they * just agreed to giving up half of it for nothing * is deeply flawed . 
  for a start who would really believe an entirely foreign group of colonists would really be allowed to take the land and evict its occupants ? 
  secondly , would israel have respected a palestinian state in '67 any more than they did the sovereignty of egypt , jordan and syria ? 
  honestly , i think the honest answer * must * be that no , of course they would n't have respected those borders either ... 
  the '48 war was certainly an effort to stifle the nascent israeli state ; however , none of the other wars can be characterised as such . 
  as i already stated i am 100 % supportive of israel 's right to existence and self-determination . 
  i just want the palestinians to gain the same . 
  you say the palestinians are incorrigible terrorists who wo n't stop terrorism even if they get a state - i say look at the zionist 's history !, 
  israel was built on the backs of truly evil men such as ze'ev jabotinsky , menachem begin and yitzhak shamir , all of whom committed terrible atrocities as the leaders of the ultra-violent stern gang and irgun terrorist groups . 
  although these men are still honoured by israeli society despite their horrific crimes ( two having even been elected pm !, 
  ) , zionist terrorism stopped once they achieved their political goals . 
  indubitably the same dynamic would play out with the palestinians if they were given a chance . 
  i 'm sure you will disagree with some of my points even though each is a well documented historical fact . 
  that is what i was referring to in terms of some commenters suffering from the effects of being inculcated with the propaganda of ideologues . 
  when you can not acknowledge the rights of the other and seek to deny simple facts your capacity for critical thinking has obviously been overridden . 
  one final point is that you refer to jews who dare criticise israel as `` self-hating jews '' . 
  when i first saw that phrase in these threads i honestly thought it was a racist trope being propagated by anti-semites . 
  i was actually surprised and dismayed to learn it was in fact right-wing israelis using the term against their fellow jews . 
  israel is by no means all bad ; however , there are issues that need to be aired . 
  i do n't want to attack israel , i only seek to express the other side of the story than that narrative so relentlessly pushed by the israeli right . 
  maybe you should read those authors i mention ( and robert fisk ) , as confronting as you might find it ? 
  what is the harm in exposure to alternative viewpoints ? 
  i personally read pro-israeli authors ( eg michael oren ) too . 
  then i think about it all and decide for myself what i think is right and wrong , true or false . 
  nothing is black and white once you engage in such critical thinking , something some struggle to deal with . 
  it 's really not that bad though , i assure you . 
  i do n't know * exactly * when , but the capability is well known as is the fact testing takes place . 
  i did n't state israel was `` guilty '' of testing either ; every state tests weaponry . 
  it is only you assigning `` guilt '' to such tests , and only to iranian testing at that . 
  please point out exactly which of my statements you consider fiction , i am happy to discuss these points with you . 
  as per my reply to your other comment please specify which points you disagree with . 
  everything - except my final paragraph containing my concluding , evidence-based * opinion * - is well documented fact ... 
  the zionists ceased their terrorism once they gained their political goals ; i believe the same would be true of the palestinians . 
  remember israel was built on the back of such violent criminals as ze'ev jabotinsky , yitzhak shamir and menachem begin and their irgun and stern gang terrorist groups . 
  although israel still honours these men despite their crimes ( even electing two as pm !, 
  ) , the terrorism ceased once the state of israel formed . 
  it is extremely racist to state that the palestinians , given the same opportunities , are somehow too base to behave in the same way . 
   in may 2000 , israel is reported to have secretly carried out its first test launches from two german-built dolphin-class submarines of cruise missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads . 
  the missiles launched from vessels off sri lanka in the indian ocean are said to have hit a target at a range of about 1,500 kilometers [ about 930 statute miles ] . 
  israel is reported to possess a 200kg nuclear warhead , containing 6kg of plutonium , that could be mounted on cruise missiles . 
  source : http://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/world/israel/popeye-t.htm, 
   the dolphin-class submarines have 10 torpedo tubes , with four of these being larger ( 650 mm ) than the other six ( 533 mm ) to ostensibly carry special forces or cruise missiles . 
  reports note that the larger tubes can launch the popeye turbo sea-launched cruise missile ( slcm ) which can carry a 200 kg nuclear warhead . 
  this missile was first tested in the waters of the indian ocean in 2002 . 
  source : http://www.defense-aerospace.com/articles-view/feature/5/136043/israel%e2%80%99s-dolphin-ssks%3a-a-paper-tiger%3f.html, 
   jane 's defence weekly reports that the dolphin class submarines are believed to be nuclear armed , offering israel a second strike capability . 
  in adherence to missile technology control regime rules the us clinton administration refused an israeli request in 2000 to purchase tomahawk long range slcm 's . 
  the us navy has deployed nuclear armed and conventional tomahawk missiles for its submarine fleet which are launched from standard heavy 533mm torpedo tubes . 
  the federation of american scientists and globalsecurity.org report that the four larger torpedo tubes are capable of launching israeli built nuclear-armed popeye turbo cruise missiles ( a variant of the popeye standoff missile ) , the us navy recorded an israeli submarine launched cruise missile test in the indian ocean lasting 1,500 kilometres ( 930 mi ) . 
  source : https://markosun.wordpress.com/2011/12/09/israeli-long-range-cruise-missile-the-popeye-turbo/, 
   the ` federation of american scientists ' revealed back in 2002 that a missile of 6.5 meters in length had been successfully tested off the coast of sri lanka . 
  the tested missile could reach a range of 1500 km and was capable of carrying a nuclear plutonium based warhead weighing 200 kg . 
  the test was conducted in the presence of american observers . 
  source : http://i-hls.com/2013/03/popeye-turbo-cruise-missile-the-main-israeli-weapon-for-a-second-strike-capability/, 
   the dolphins reputedly carry a version of the popeye turbo cruise missile . 
  an appropriately modified version of the popeye missiles could potential strike targets at a range of up to 1500 km and can carry nuclear warheads . 
  source : http://nationalinterest.org/feature/nukes-the-high-seas-israels-underwater-atomic-arsenal-11434,
