  blue burmese on the left and bengal on the right maybe ? 
  they 're both beautiful animals . 
  of course she 's justifiably famous as a very beautiful and talented actress who had a brilliant career ; however , i think most people if asked for a word association for her would probably answer `` drowned ~ ~ [ in a pool ] ~ ~ [ off a boat ] * '' . 
  i 'm not trying to dismiss her personally or professionally at all , i was just surprised to see someone ask `` what happened to her '' . 
  if the asker is acquainted with her work i would expect them to know the single most well known salient fact about her life . 
  that 's all . 
  that looks like a great start to your journey through the various styles and bottles of malt . 
  i have n't yet bought myself even a dram in a bar of the laphroig qc , but imagine it 's typically peaty in the laphroig style ? 
  i would second the a'bunadh others have mentioned without reservation , having been drinking it for years now as a consistent favourite of mine . 
  it 's another cask strength bottle , but very different from the nadurra - much more complex and richer to my mind . 
  as a sherry bomb style whisky it is very different from what you already have in your collection . 
  recently i picked up a glengoyne 18 and immediately became very fond indeed of it . 
  it 's a lovely dram , with a great nose ( highly sherried , more so than the taste itself ) , very complex taste and a long lasting and enjoyable aftertaste . 
  between the three components of its flavour it hits all kind of notes ; again it 's a bottle i would recommend unreservedly . 
  not as much of a sherry bomb as the a'bunadh it still nonetheless falls into that category so again it would round out your collection with a bottle from a category different from those you currently possess . 
  i also wondered if , when it changes , it 's being updated in realtime and whom is responsible for keeping the data fresh . 
  of course it quickly becomes obvious that it 's merely a looping gif ; however , a realtime map would surely be much more useful to local residents than the snapshot provided . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you here and you have certainly made your point very clear , but may i ask how old is `` old '' in your estimation ? 
  i 'm in my '30s and therefore no spring chicken and - despite having seen many of the movies you mentioned - the immediate thought that springs to my mind when natalie wood is mentioned is , perhaps unfairly , the tragic circumstances of her death . 
  once you start getting much past my age you pass the average age of people in western countries , therefore , if young means `` people * my * age or younger '' seeing as my ( and most of my peers so far as i am aware from the few conversations i recall on this topic ) default association is her sad passing rather than her career as a child star , then * most * people would think as i did . 
  not that it really matters anyway . 
  she was a great actress and died tragically young . 
  both statements are equally true and i guess which comes to mind first has more to do with how much of a fan of movies generally and her in particular any given individual happens to be . 
  thanks for the correction as to where she drowned ; i fixed up my previous comment without hiding my original mistake . 
  you 're right - i should have phrased it as `` how young is young '' . 
  i 'm sure you 'd be right about the memories/associations of 55 + yo people , which to be fair is n't old . 
  it 's not really fair that she 's remembered for her death rather than her life , especially when that 's come about thanks to a ( cruel ) joke . 
  i 'm sure that if i recalled seeing her in movies as they were released that is what i 'd remember too . 
  now that is something we can * all * agree on !, 
  i actually knew she came from russia too ( or was it ukraine ? ), 
  - meow da indeed !, 
  interesting . 
  a quick image search of lana shows she shared was also a very beautiful lady ; i must admit though that i do n't remember her from `` diamonds are forever '' . 
  might be worth watching to look out for her in though , 
  pretty amazing ; ~ ~ she ~ ~ he * has a fantastic grasp of physiology coupled with an interesting use of perspective that works brilliantly with ~ ~ her ~ ~ his * subject matter . 
  the subject matter is intriguing in and of itself . 
  they * are * going to be built in australia according to the article - it specifically states that they 'll be built in adelaide ( which is pretty dumb - yes they need to built in australia , but south australia is n't the best choice considering the asc 's far from stellar record , especially compared to austral ships in western australia who * are * known as high quality shipbuilders to clients including the us navy ... ) and that the japanese government has agreed to the requisite technology transfers to make that work ... 
  seriously , the us should cut its aid to its two rogue allies in the me immediately . 
  sa and israel are just as bad as each other in their own ways , although israel is probably more * evil * and sa more * ignorant * . 
  either way all support needs to be cut off to both until they cease their egregious human rights abuses , stop attacking other countries just because they feel like it and actually contribute to stopping the spread of isis instead of tacitly helping them . 
  ( sa with $ , israel by attacking forces that fight isis ... ), 
  look i just think the israelis should know better whereas the saudis are caught in the grip of that crazy , wahhabist primitivism ... 
  i see your point - it 's actually quite difficult to decide which is worse , is n't it ? 
  making a direct comparison is hard because they 're both evil in such different ways . 
  i mean sa has the medieval punishment of criminals , treatment of women , war in yemen , warmongering with iran , persecution of gays and sponsoring terror - of which only warmongering with iran is shared by israel . 
  they 're all pretty bad things , but then israel has its colonial project in palestine with associated apartheid policies , spying on its allies , bombing anything in any country that takes its fancy ( though the arrival of russian sams in syria slows that down there at least , he he he ) even when doing so helps isis ( by damaging the forces who are fighting isis ) and the shared warmongering with iran . 
  none of those are very nice either ... 
  neither of those are complete lists btw , just the most egregious crimes against humanity that sprung immediately to mind . 
  do n't forget the ties between turkey and israel and also between turkey and isis , but also between israel and the kurds whilst turkey hates the kurds ... 
  you have to wonder how they ( these countries ' leaderships - most of their populations just being innocent , unfortunate pawns in the leaders ' games ) keep it all straight in their heads ( even given the insider knowledge of their leaders ... ) . 
  it 's crazy . 
  ... then go to university to learn about all that good stuff like complex data structures ; algorithm design , analysis and efficiency ; the various layers of the osi stack ; how languages * work * in terms of things like lexing , parsing and compiling ; software engineering practice throughout the sdlc ; and etc. 
  you may not need that stuff to just write programs , but it definitely is useful to know when developing systems and whilst you can , of course , teach yourself any of it , i have yet to work with any self-taught programmers who have taught themselves all of it . 
  edit : what i 'm trying to say is that it 's * easy * to learn syntax ; building and especially designing/architecting software solutions requires a much more rigorous approach and understanding ; however , teaching yourself to code and getting some experience as a code monkey is certainly a great start and will put you miles ahead when you do start uni . 
  that 's basically what i did and it stood me in good stead ; i 'm now working as a solution architect , but i doubt i 'd have got to do what i do now without the formal study to back up what i taught myself . 
  equally though i would n't have done as well at uni if i did n't already know how to program and was n't working part-time whilst i studied . 
  it 's pragueistan , dumbass ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   `` are you isis , you ? 
  i 'll fookin ' do you ... '', 
  ^ ^ sure , ^ ^ but ^ ^ you ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ need ^ ^ to ^ ^ shout ^ ^ about ^ ^ it, 
  the guys on / r/circle seem pretty chill ; their main kick seems to be petitions about their own sub . 
  why you picking on them ? 
  that 's definitely where i 'm headed . 
  if i get the chance to visit a tasting i definitely will , but may have to wait till i travel again ( next year some time ) because i live in western australia where twe shows do n't yet venture . 
  having enjoyed the glengoyne 18 so very much i will head for the 21 next . 
  i currently have the glendronach 15 and the glengoyne 18 in terms of sherries , of which i far prefer the glengoyne . 
  given that the ` dronach 18 is supposed to not match the 15 , the glengoyne 21 is the clear next step . 
  the glengoyne 35 is legendary stuff and i 'm very envious of your getting to try it . 
  on another note i am just waiting for an abelour 16 yo double cask bottle i 'm being brought from overseas . 
  i understand it not to be very sherried , but a beautiful whisky in its style . 
  it 's landing in less than a fortnight and i 'm eagerly awaiting its arrival . 
  i 'm currently in sydney for work and so , of course , sought out the local whisky bar . 
  there i tried the glengoyne 21 . 
  it 's now definitely my next step up , with enough of a difference from the 18 to easily justify the purchase . 
  they did n't offer the 25 , but have an excellent selection nonetheless . 
  my next trip down there is already planned for wednesday . 
  that 's right . 
  did you know the un was created * purely * to criticise israel unfairly . 
  that is the only reason the un created israel . 
  to criticise it . 
  unfairly . 
  except the first murder between zionists and arabs was committed by zionists , something conveniently `` forgotten '' by the pro-israeli lobby . 
  the * first * killing was of an arab at [ rehovet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rehovot#history ) in 1913 by well before 1929 . 
  edit : an arab was first killed by one of the brutal russian guards brought in by the zionists of the second aaliyah . 
  in the end an arab , a camel , a jewish colonist and a horse were killed . 
  which to me kind of encapsulates the pointlessness and horror of the whole history of the zionist colonial project ... 
  attacked , but did n't kill . 
  the key point in your quote is, 
   according to moshe smilansky , one of the early settlers [ colonists ], 
  how would you * expect moshe to tell the story ? 
  admit that the colonists had engaged in dishonest negotiating tactics by leasing the land then claiming to have bought it as several literary and documentary film sources attest ( watch `` 1913 : seeds of conflict '' . 
  or do n't , i doubt it would shift your world view an iota anyway ... ) and in any case completely ignoring the customs of the local farmers ? 
  i do n't think he 'd tell it like that . 
  what 's the truth though ? 
  something in the middle i expect . 
  read my edit to my original comment . 
  i feel i managed to capture the essential truth of the whole sad history in that edit . 
  maybe you 'll agree , but maybe not ... 
  why ? 
  what 's my username got to do with anything ?
