  i 'm sorry , but you simply can not argue israeli morals are in any way equivalent to those of australians , when it comes to the rights of the native inhabitants of the land our nations exist upon at least . 
  edit : forgot to include the year 1972 . 
  i guess apartheid and terror bombings of civilian cities * are * what constitutes the moral high ground for israelis , so , within your own terms , you 're quite right . 
  of course , within that twisted ideology of hatred , all that is `` justified '' because israel still blames the palestinians ( even we never did that ) . 
  i am not at all interested in a race to the bottom , especially not with israel of all nations . 
  yes , australia 's history is fucked up , and we 're not perfect , but unlike israel 's horde of apologists i never said we were , * and * we are trying to improve matters - not actively colonise areas still under indigenous control . 
  we 're talking relative morality regarding the treatment of indigenous populations . 
  gaza is certainly in play at this point . 
  anyway , i 've said much more than i intended to . 
  i did n't mean to be quite so blunt about israel generally as i generally support israel per se , and i did n't mean to be quite so intractable with you , because i know you are n't entire intractable yourself . 
  so i 'm sorry for having been so dismissive of israel . 
  there really is nothing to be proud of , pointing fingers at each other and saying `` well that 's worse '' and it embodies all that 's wrong with discussions in this sub . 
  i am just going to conclude by saying that there must be a better way than just bulldozing these people , but that it 's clearly a complex issue and should n't be blown out of all proportion by either side . 
  this far from the worst issue arising from the conflict and at least nobody - bedu or jew - is dying over it . 
  at last , the dream of the third reich grows nearer . 
  hitlers , hitlers as far as the eye can see ... 
  clearly it is n't the drawcard for school it is in india . 
  if it was you might have been able to correctly write that in ny they `` throw out '' their fruit . 
  alternative title :, 
   israeli pm begs world `` give war a chance '', 
  i like * la confidential * . 
  i 'm a big fan of james ellroy who wrote the book the movie is based on , but the film stands on its own merits as an excellent piece of neo-noir cinema . 
  they are trying to make a case against blair at present - the case against livni is clear and unambiguous . 
  i do n't really think either strategic bombing campaign was particularly praiseworthy ... 
  sure it 's an impressive feat of arms , but a lot of it was unnecessary and actually had the opposite effect to that intended - eg the london blitz merely served to stiffen british resolve against germany whilst suffering unsustainable losses of aircraft/aircrew , and ditto for the allied campaigns , particularly in the early stages of both the raf and usaaf campaigns over germany . 
  the moral implications are murkier still , particularly the japanese and dresden firebombing raids . 
  hence my reservations around calling the strategic bombing efforts praiseworthy . 
  based on a book by the ever reliable robert harris , also known for his cicero trilogy and alt-history books like * fatherland * iirc . 
  [ appropriate theme song for this thread ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=wpg6ak5fask ) . 
  it 's debatable whether the men and resources devoted to the campaigns were used to the best possible effect though ; at the risk of sounding like a wehraboo myself , german industry actually increased even during the period of heaviest and most effective bombing . 
  the early stages of the campaigns barely even touched their targets due to inaccuracy , whilst suffering appalling casualties . 
  arguably the most valuable effect the strategic bombing campaign had was the destruction of the luftwaffe as an effective fighting force , which was achieved by the escort fighters rather than the bombing per se . 
  there is still a massive amount of debate as to how effective the strategic bombing actually was , let alone how efficient it was . 
  reminds me of a clown car bit ... 
  speer dispersed production as well , which made a big difference too ; however , the overall effect was marginal in that for whatever reason production * did * increase . 
  what is unknown is what the production figures would have looked like without the bombing , but that is unknowable . 
  not having had to disperse production would have undoubtedly been better than having had to do so was , but then would the increased efficiencies achieved have even been pushed for without the bombing ? 
  german industrial management was a joke for most of the war ; the question thus becomes had circumstance ( bombing ) not forced them to lift their game , would they have done so anyway ? 
  who knows ... 
  certainly the effect on transport infrastructure was vital too , but a lot of that was also the result of fighter-bomber sweeps that targeted anything that moved . 
  compared to a damaged marshalling yard a blown up locomotive and destroyed train was far harder to fix/replace , yet area targets like marshalling yards were what the heavy bombing was employed against , while the fighters went after the trains themselves . 
  nobody is saying that the crews involved were n't brave men who deserve the utmost respect for what they did ; the debate among historians is primarily around whether the way they were employed was the most * efficient * use of such massive resources as were allocated to the strategic bombing campaign . 
  it definitely hurt the germans , but could they have been hurt more badly by using the men and materiel devoted to strategic bombing in some other way ? 
  you mean the rein ( whatever happens turnbull 's never reigning as our king , just potentially taking control of the government 's reins in the very best/worse case scenario , depending of course on which side of the fence you sit ... ) , but yes - your analysis seems otherwise spot on to me . 
  if the christian right element of the libs were n't so heavy-handed in reining malcolm in i think the libs would have creamed the alp this time around too , and i think it 's utterly hubristic of them to think they can get away with pushing their crackpot , hard-right agendas onto what is essentially a centre-right public . 
  what was the point of getting rid of the awful tony abbott if his shade is just going to lurk over the party 's policies and poison people 's perception of them anyway ? 
  the alp is now so much of another centre-right ( as opposed to its much more militant left/unionist roots ) party that the hard right elements of the libs are just shooting themselves in the foot by insisting on their nastiness being the party 's mainstream face at this point . 
  it 's not them vs the left , it 's them vs the centre and that is , i believe , the root of the swing we 're witnessing as the results from this election slowly creep out . 
  my greatest hope for last saturday was that we 'd hear less from either side , as neither appeal to me greatly , but instead now it looks like as well as enduring the interminable election campaign we 're going to have to suffer through an equally interminable period of squabbling over who gets to form government . 
  a pox on both parties - neither seems likely to change the worst aspects of the course it feels like we 're headed on as a society as a result of this election , which is what i think a lot of people would actually like to see ... 
  i wish she 'd just go back to running a fish n ' chips shop and sharing her views with her clientele and them alone . 
  i think she 'd literally have an apoplectic fit if someone came in and asked her for an hsp ... 
  more likely [ rosemary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosemary ) . 
  love me some bratwurst , but where 's the kartoffelsalat ? 
  those are all good points and i 'm certainly not saying german production would n't have increased in the absence of the bombing campaigns , but the point is that to what extent it would have is completely immeasurable and purely a matter for conjecture . 
  allied losses from the bombing campaigns are , otoh , very well known - 80k personnel each for raf and usaaf . 
  allied resources committed are equally well documented - 1.3 m allied personnel dedicated to strategic bombing campaign at max troop strength in '44 as well as nearly 30k aircraft ... 
  that 's a lot of resources too , resources that could * perhaps * have been better used elsewhere . 
  the stats are all here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategic_bombing_during_world_war_ii, 
  the topic of strategic bombing 's effectiveness is very much debated among mainstream historians , but it seems to be generally agreed that it was not a particularly * efficient * use of all those resources . 
  of course the bombing campaign had many damaging effects on the german war effort , but was it the * best * use of available manpower and materiel ? 
  i 'm just pointing out that that is questioned by a lot of wwii historians to this day . 
  all you guys seem to think i 'm saying it was a waste of time , which i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying that the strategic value of pre-nuclear era bombing is open to debate ; my initial statement about questioning how worthy of praise * any * nation 's strategic bombing was relates a ) to that question of cost-benefit analysis & b ) the moral issues inherent in striking at any civilian population with such a blunt instrument . 
  that second sentence seems a bit tautologous ... 
  i mean , if someone says `` we won the war '' i automatically assume they 're american anyway . 
  `` won the war '' is another one of those `` gone to the moon '' things - to what other nation could it * possibly * apply ? 
  it 's not as good as catch-22 , but it 's also completely different so i do n't know that the comparison is particularly fair , except on the relatively facile level that it 's the same author writing about the same character again . 
  especially because catch-22 is * so * great , but also so much a product of its location in place and history . 
  that said , i really enjoyed it and definitely feel it was worth reading ; i think `` do n't read it '' is unfair ( and reflects reader expectations more than the quality of the book itself ) and `` it was okay '' is damning with faint praise . 
  so long as you do n't pick it up expecting the chaotic intensity of catch-22 i think you will find it worthwhile . 
  bear in mind it 's yossarian , but as an old man and living out his aging years ; not yossarian fighting in wwii in his twenties !, 
  sacred arse bandits of thebes springs immediately to mind . 
  i find the whole patriotism thing faintly ridiculous and a source of constant amusement overall , while the 4th itself is just another day , really not something interesting to me at all . 
  this is the most literally `` it 's * not * the onion ? '', 
  thing i think i have ever seen here ... 
  my exact thoughts . 
  i 'm sitting in a cab on my way to the office though , so my wish is 7.6 long hours away ... 
  meth will work . 
  just this once , but it will work . 
  of course all the other times you take it until you finally kick the habit and rebuild your life wo n't be so great , but you always have that `` end of the rainbow '' first high feeling to chase , giving your life purpose ... 
  at least that 's what swim told me . 
  playing rugby on frozen ground in the uk we snapped a guy 's forearm so badly you could hear the `` crack '' from over 100m away ; another time playing for the local rugby club as under-13s we burst another guy 's spleen , again on frozen ground . 
  except that until the introduction of pathfinder squadrons , h2s radar and various other technological/doctrinal improvements the bombing was * hopelessly * inaccurate - it was worked out only 1/3 bombs landed within 5 miles of the target during the period you 're discussing !, 
  at the same time the crews were suffering dreadful casualties . 
  the campaign 's effects at that time were essentially limited to morale and propaganda value , something that did n't change until later in the war . 
  the mena campaigns were vital , make no mistake about that , as the mediterranean was a crucial supply route as well as the oil and etc. 
  the resounding victories there were much more significant than the bombing was - could more resources have brought about a speedier victory ? 
  we 'll never know , just as we ca n't know what would have happened without the bombing . 
  it 's a complex issue , but there can be no doubt that the bombing was an important component of the war effort . 
  if nothing else it paved the way for the total air supremacy enjoyed by d-day because of the luftwaffe resources it relentlessly sucked in and chewed up , especially once the long-range escorts hit the scene . 
  this destruction of the luftwaffe obviously directly benefitted the soviets too , whose campaigns in the east would have been much more difficult had the germans continued to enjoy the air superiority they held early in barbarossa . 
  i was never saying the bombing was n't worthwhile , just that ( with the benefit of hindsight ) it was not , perhaps , the * optimum * use of those resources . 
  nonetheless , it certainly did play a significant role in kicking the germans out of occupied europe and defeating them in the field ... 
  what are you , like a teaboo or whatever the seppo version is ? 
  is saying the allies were n't perfect and some things could perhaps have been done better such a big no-no in this sub ? 
  it 's not even like i 'm sticking up for the germans !, 
  remember that until the introduction of pathfinder squadrons , h2s radar and various other technological/doctrinal improvements the bombing was hopelessly inaccurate - it was worked out only 1/3 bombs landed within 5 miles of the target during the early period of the campaign !, 
  the effect was , despite the crippling losses suffered in men and materiel , valuable purely in morale and propaganda terms until critical mass was reached much later . 
  resources were needed * everywhere * : the mena theatre ( where they were battling no less than the sainted rommel himself !,
