  they would have never allowed the dhimmi jews to create a country on an inch of `` historic '' muslim land . 
  arab anti-semitism was almost certainly a factor ; however , they were definitely also motivated by a desire to protect their fellow arabs in palestine from colonisation by a foreign people . 
  to deny this is , in and of itself , a highly racist position . 
  i am not at all opposed to israel 's existence , its people 's right to self-determination nor israel 's right to security ( i count myself an avowed zionist ) - what i do object to is the ongoing illegal colonisation of the areas that israel ( in your own words ) accepted as being outside its national boundaries when it went ahead and `` implemented the partition '' . 
  this ongoing project of expansionism with its associated brutality and oppression is often justified by referring to historical events through the lens of the israeli propaganda narrative - as in your comment above - and so these historical circumstances have direct relevance today . 
  accordingly i feel it necessary to challenge such one-sided accounts as that narrative dictates . 
  this does not , however , mean that i am challenging israel 's legitimacy or national rights in any way , shape or form . 
  i seek only to return balance to these discussions , that 's all . 
  edit : [ another source that presents a very interesting and in depth analysis of the partition plan as well as the resultant reality ] ( http://mondoweiss.net/2015/08/independent-sovereign-palestine/ ), 
  to be fair that 's kind of a loaded example , pizza being an american invention - right ? 
  i bet if you asked him whether india , for example , compared in terms of diversity he would try to claim that india does n't even * come close * to matching america 's diversity - i mean , they 're all brown , are n't they ? 
  the fact that india alone boasts at least 1,000 languages , 2,000 different ethnic communities/subgroups ( together with the diversity in terms of food , clothing , art , literature and etc ) and seven major religions is no doubt something he would consider irrelevant to his claim . 
  edit : forgot a word, 
  not just bollywood either - as many films are made in tamil as are in hindi apparently ( so i learned today while checking the numbers i posted before ) . 
  even india 's film industry is more diverse in and of itself !, 
  he 's a handsome man , no two ways about it . 
  saw her being filmed walking around fremantle once , years ago when the attention she was getting was at its peak . 
  anyway , she attracted a little crowd of followers - all of whom were vocally hostile . 
  nonetheless , she bravely kept the cameras rolling - until an aboriginal girl ran up and ditched a full maccas thickshake straight at her head . 
  genuinely one of the funniest moments i have been privileged to watch unfold , 10/10 would laugh at again . 
  i did n't actually - i just picked india as a very clear example ... 
  it 's nice to have my suppositions confirmed though , these people are so bloody predictable it 's ( almost ) not even funny . 
  take that back !, 
  as an australian i am deeply , deeply offended . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ jk , ^ ^ ^ ^ nz ^ ^ ^ ^ * is * ^ ^ ^ ^ similar ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ here , ^ ^ ^ ^ certainly ^ ^ ^ ^ culturally, 
  `` some effort '' is obviously an understatement ; however , the principle remains . 
  hezbollah does have a terrorist past , but there have been no confirmed attacks committed by them since 2002 - nearly fifteen years ago . 
  indeed , the us removed them from their terrorist watch list some years ago . 
  the role they play in southern lebanon does not excuse terrorism , but it does make them much more nuanced than israel paints them . 
  if we enternally condemned anyone with a terrorist history then israel would be a pariah state !, 
  israel 's terrorist past is not so far in the past , and the zionist terrorists are lauded to this day in israel . 
  the history between hezbollah and israel has always been acrimonious - remember hezbollah was formed to defend the lebanese people from the idf invaders and expel them from lebanon , which they did . 
  since then there has been further conflict , but it does not have to be like that for ever . 
  conflict is as old as humanity self , but so is post-conflict reconciliation . 
  my key point before was that achieving such a reconciliation with hezbollah would be better for the people of both israel and lebanon , certainly better than ongoing war . 
  nothing other than a keen interest and extensive reading of all publicly available sources on the subject . 
  if you have a professional involvement and can debunk what i wrote i would be very interested to gain from your knowledge , so please share . 
  i 'm sure the pen position is * entirely * accidental , not intended to obfuscate her badge number and name . 
  that aside , one does have to wonder what the person filming did to get her back up so badly . 
  she 's being very hostile , which * could * just be because she does n't want to be filmed and is being pestered for her details , but i bet there 's more to it than that . 
  i wonder what the context is ? 
  my guess is she 's dealing with some kind of `` am i being detained '' - esque fuckhead with predictable results ; however , as an australian idk what us cops are like . 
  i mean there are so many fucked up news stories about shootings and so many us commenters on here are seemingly genuinely scared of cops that it 's hard for me to judge . 
  otoh , i know our cops generally are n't aggressive unless provoked and guess the same 's probably true of american cops too . 
  so , in this clip , who is the real cunt ? 
  the cop or the person she 's interacting with ? 
  yeah , much as i assumed ... 
  touch\u00e9, 
  indeed , the french military were instrumental to the american victory in the war of independence ... 
  statistically the french actually have one of the better military records in europe - the american trope of cheese eating surrender monkeys is literally ridiculous and most likely an outcome of the seppo 's eternal insecurity and need for validation than anything else . 
  fact is the seps have yet to become engaged in a `` peer warfare '' war from the get go , only becoming involved in the wws after a lot of the work had already been done . 
  good work , thanks for the clarity ... 
  goddamn craziest christians * in he world * !, 
  that sounds entirely plausible and explains the interaction we see . 
  a longer clip would be great though , would n't it ? 
  like , what kicked it all off ? 
  is the guy filming just shitstirring , or did she start it only to end up on the back foot ? 
  i 'm on the fence with this one and open to any interpretation - i have no love for untrammelled police powers , yet find sovcits both ludicrous and scary all at once . 
  if she was being a pig and got called out that 's great ; however , it seems equally possible she 's just trying to do her job when some loser gets in her face for no good reason - in that case i hope he cuts himself bad on that edge . 
  in either case it 's interesting , that 's for sure . 
  no way - especially not if i was just doing my job and some edgy little prick decided to make a point by filming my responses to their provocations as i try to go about my business ... 
  thanks . 
  there is no need to get personal , unless of course that 's all you 've got . 
  i hope he does n't come back with death threats : /, 
  your other comment was deleted before i could reply , so here 's that reply ( i think you 'll benefit from reading it , are n't i nice ? 
  sorry , but i just reported your comment for making an entirely unnecessary personal attack . 
  no need to be rude - i am neither a troll , nor stupid . 
  rather than attacking * me * , if i 'm wrong then provide a source . 
  i researched my comment ( albeit briefly ) before i posted it - despite the claims of israeli propaganda there is no * proven * link to hezbollah for the 2012 bus attack . 
  if you have such proof then share it , otherwise * your * implied claim is no more credible than me saying the bus attack was a mossad false flag attack . 
  hezbollah and iran are both shia which explains their alliance in the region . 
  again the relationship between iran and israel is acrimonious , but again i do n't buy israel 's anti-iranian rhetoric entirely either ... 
  i do n't think hezbollah 's main purpose is to act as an iranian proxy , but again if you have proof i would be just as happy to be * proved * wrong . 
  one caveat : my standard of proof is as high as yours would be for anti-israeli propaganda - provide something better than the alameigner , toi or jpost if you want to maintain your credibility . 
  ok , very hostile is n't fair . 
  i think she 's just trying to do her job , despite that jerk getting in her face ... 
  that was * brilliant * !, 
  do tamil movies * always * switch the mass dance choreography for choreographed fitin ' , or is this not typical ? 
  well cheers for * that * clip at least o7, 
   bulgaria *** accuses *** hezbollah of carrying out bus bomb attack, 
  this is a report of an accusation of an attack that simply does n't fit in with hezbollah 's pattern of behaviour or strategic aims . 
  what 's more they denied responsibility , as did iran . 
  no terrorist attacks for years then just like that they head off to europe to carry out such a little pinprick ? 
  ( relative to their earlier attacks , such as the usmc barrack bomb that claimed 300 marines - i do n't mean to discount the victims ' suffering or worth . ), 
  that was never hezbollah 's mo - they have always been happy to take `` credit '' for their atrocities . 
  even if two hezbollah members or associates were personally responsible that does n't necessarily implicate the group . 
  ask yourself cui bono : certainly not hezbollah would be my response . 
  i was hoping for something concrete , something that i had n't already seen tbh . 
  reading that article is what actually prompted me to proffer mt earlier , tongue-in-cheek suggestion it could even be a false flag mossad operation . 
  after all , the big winner in * that * story was netanyahu as he gloated over the eu adding hezbollah to its proscribed terrorist group list ... ( no tinfoil hat here - i do n't think that 's what happened , i 'm just pointing out it 's quite as likely as hezbollah actually being responsible ! ), 
  it 's nice of you to share yours too . 
  i remember you from r/lesscredidibledefence & r/credibledefense ( or one of them at least ) , arguing a similar position iirc with similar passion . 
  you are from the * [ war is boring ] ( http://www.warisboring.com ) * / [ pierre sprey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_sprey ) school of thought on the f-35 are n't you ? 
  perhaps you 're right and the danes only pulled the trigger on f-35 because they had no option , but i honestly think they probably thought it through very carefully and genuinely considered the options above you so scornfully dismissed before deciding the f-35 was the best aircraft available for their requirements . 
  the kuwait super a hornet deal has gone through which will keep that in production , if denmark can buy f-35s i am quite sure the dod would allow them gripen or even gripen ng and both eurofighter and rafale have achieved foreign sales recently which kind of makes your dismissal of them both , unsupported with an detail as it is , seem slightly spurious tbh . 
  if none of the above aircraft ( eurofighter , rafale , super hornet , gripen ng ) * are * fit for purpose then what would have been a better choice than the f-35 in your humble opinion ? 
  block 60 + f-16s ? 
  maybe you think they should have bought su-35s ? 
  or should the danes just carry on upgrading their creaky old block 15 f-16am fleet ? 
  maybe an indigenous 5th generation program would be the way to go ?
