  ~ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_crimp, 
  more information : http://vietnam-war.commemoration.gov.au/combat/viet-cong-tunnels.php, 
  more information : http://vietnam-war.commemoration.gov.au/combat/viet-cong-tunnels.php, 
  [ another view ] ( https://i.sli.mg/hh8fsu.jpg ) of this remarkable and little known usaf spaceplane . 
   the boeing x-37 , also known as the orbital test vehicle ( otv ) , is a reusable unmanned spacecraft . 
  it is boosted into space by a launch vehicle , then re-enters earth 's atmosphere and lands as a spaceplane . 
  the x-37 is operated by the united states air force for orbital spaceflight missions intended to demonstrate reusable space technologies . 
  it is a 120 % - scaled derivative of the earlier boeing x-40 . 
   the x-37 began as a nasa project in 1999 , before being transferred to the u.s. department of defense in 2004 . 
  it conducted its first flight as a drop test on 7 april 2006 , at edwards air force base , california . 
  the spaceplane 's first orbital mission , usa-212 , was launched on 22 april 2010 using an atlas v rocket . 
  its successful return to earth on 3 december 2010 was the first test of the vehicle 's heat shield and hypersonic aerodynamic handling . 
  a second x-37 was launched on 5 march 2011 , with the mission designation usa-226 ; it returned to earth on 16 june 2012 . 
  a third x-37 mission , usa-240 , launched on 11 december 2012 and landed at vandenberg afb on 17 october 2014 . 
  the fourth x-37 mission , usa-261 , launched on 20 may 2015 and is in progress . 
  that 's not really what i was trying to say . 
  obviously gay marriage being legal would not have prevented this ; however , the point i was trying to make is that stirring up a massive public debate and dragging the topics of gay marriage through the news will bring the bigots out of the woodwork , and give them a `` justification '' for expressing their hate . 
  kids listen to the news and their parents , and if more people are saying what they really think under cover of it being a public debate where all opinions are equally worthy of being aired then some kids - and especially the type of kids who bullied this kid - will definitely pick up on it and echo the opinions they have heard . 
  my point is most australians either support gay marriage , or are at least neutral about it and willing to adopt a live-and-let-live position on the matter ( which is actually basically where i stand - it does n't affect me either way , but as a general principle i think more tolerance and acceptance is better ) , so why ca n't the pollies just bite the bullet and legislate without the plebiscite so as to avoid the toxic `` debate '' that will inevitably surround such a plebiscite ? 
  when boiled down to its ( moral ) essentials , it is actually quite simple . 
  it most certainly is not defensible , no , and it most certainly is theft , yes . 
  the apologist mantra of `` no previous palestinian state , so not theft '' ignores the fact that were it not for the zionist terror campaign against the british in the '40s the land would have been handed over to the indigenous palestinian population in due course , as it was everywhere else in the world . 
  this claim of no palestinian state meaning no right for the local people to live in the land their ancestors had inhabited since before the bulk of the local jewish population made the decisions that led to their abandonment of ties with the region is equivalent to saying because there was no * nation state * of india , for example , india has no right to exist . 
  it is a ridiculous , self-serving lie that aims to justify the colonialist enterprise cooked up by a bunch of foreign immigrants who , blinded by religio-nationalistic insanity , decided they deserved palestine because their imaginary sky friend said they could have it and some co-religionists had had communities there . . 
  the amorality of this is perfectly apparent to anyone not caught up in the aforementioned religio-nationalist insanity . 
  why should these immigrants be allowed to not live alongside the indigenous peoples even , but actually displace them ( via violent ethnic cleansing no less ! ) ? 
  of course , i am not arguing that the jewish nation does n't deserve its own homeland ( though they could , for example , have taken the jewish autonomous oblast in the ussr had they really just wanted somewhere to live as a nation . . ) , or saying that israel should be dismantled - obviously a jewish nation is something they greatly desire and even deserve , despite the amoral actions of certain members of that nation and israel is now established . 
  however , the continuing land grabs are absolutely unjustifiable and this is the amorality to which i refer . 
  i can see how that would feel like a kick in the teeth to anyone who possesses a modicum of decency and respect for their father and his noble actions . 
  i hope this request is honoured . 
  ironic how zionist terrorists previously forced the native inhabitants to evacuate haifa , and now their descendants are in turn being forced to evacuate . . 
  the big difference is the israelis will be allowed to return , a right long denied the indigenous palestinian refugees by the brutal colonists who supplanted them . 
  ikr , of all the subs . . 
  not all americans , some are only 3/5 of a person . . 
  link does n't work . 
  i do n't recall having to look up any words when i read it - could you give some examples please ? 
  let me start by saying if you would put them all in sentences i would tell you what they meant close enough to not need to look them up . 
  some are very specific words which are now anachronistic , but others ( hoarfrost - frost coating objects ; dotard - old person , in their dotage ; lorgnettes - opera glasses ) are fairly common english . 
  a baracarolle is the song a gondolier sings , a burnoose is an arab scarf , a fichu is another item of clothing - like a collar - worn by women ( though not any more ) . . 
  the other three idk off the top of my head , but as i said , put them in a sentence and i bet i can tell you . 
  i googled none of the above btw . . 
  i 'm on mobile too and it gives me the following error :, 
   the owner of this website ( news.usni.org ) does not allow hotlinking to that resource ( / wp-content/uploads/2016 / 05/lrasm2 . jpg ) . 
  not what i said , that 's a strawman argument . 
  i meant the sentences from the book tbh , rather than unnaturally forced sentences that seem designed to obfuscate the meaning , or at least muddy the waters . 
  given you seem to have actually provided the meaning , but still expect i would n't be able to figure it out , that is the impression your sentences give , sorry . 
  if they are proper nouns , as you seem to be suggesting , then usually the meaning does n't need to be looked up to understand the narrative anyway . 
  could be . . 
  i can post a screenshot if you really want , lol . 
  given the message , i do n't think it 's a region thing , though perhaps it is ? 
  i 'm in australia fwiw . 
  i actually do n't care much personally , but just wanted to let op know . 
  * coorral, 
  they are good books , i am enjoying the series greatly and very much looking forward to the next edition . 
  i 'm not even an hp fan either . 
  17 , not including airports . 
  it 's going be 18 after next month though . 
  i remember when the guy whose picture this actually is posted this . . 
  sigh , the years fly , do n't they ? 
  agreed , it looks like a c-5 . . 
  is your friend indian ? 
  it 's hard to imagine a non-indian girl being into an indian guy tbh . . 
  bushfires are terrible , i hope the people in the affected communities are now safe and the fires contained . 
  the swastika , or the pentagrams ? 
  where the fuck did you go to school ? 
  russia somewhere would be my guess . . 
  oh well , good luck mate . . 
  plenty of fish in the sea matey . . 
  what a remarkably phlegmatic cat . . 
  rottie !, 
   you do n't need anything other than arms to do a push-up . 
  what about a chest ? 
  that certainly helps you know . . 
  ironic how the three countries that do most to provoke terrorism are most concerned about it . . 
  so this is the new `` there 's an orange growing in my orange '' then . . 
  are you for fucking real ? 
  because everywhere else in the world has had feudalism within living memory , right ? 
  ha ha , me either - putting hummus * on * carrots tho otoh is a very common snack . . 
  sorry , i missed that completely - my bad !, 
  now you explained i feel i need to facepalm myself , i really should have got it . . 
  hummus looks great btw , good work . 
  this focus on a nation state ( or lack thereof ) is a blatant effort to distract attention from the amorality of a bunch of foreign colonialists violently displacing the indigenous people , placing a figleaf of legality over what is a clear cut case of ethnic cleansing and land theft . 
  it is utterly ironic too , given how scant is israel 's regard for international law and treaties . . 
  surely it 's israelis ( ie the source of most of the bs propaganda . . ) downvoting though ? 
  fact : irish people * only * eat potatoes , to the point they are allergic to everything else . 
  so yes , clearly a potato can be a meal . 
  how do you know india was one of the three i meant ? 
  there are four countries that list terrorism as the biggest concern . 
  however , this is an easy question to answer anyway : bjp hindoo nationalist government , occupation of kashmir , provoking other border incidents with pakistan , etc , etc. 
  of course pakistan are to blame in 2/3 of these issues * as well * , but it takes two to tango . . 
  steady on there , stalin . . 
  you know what `` seasoning '' i would have added ? 
  meat . 
  how on earth did you manage to eat * all that * ? 
  the edition definitely makes a huge difference , but yeah , context generally provides meaning . 
  tolstoy 's prose is not difficult , just different from modern authors . . 
  and do people nap wearing glasses ( other than dozing off ) ? 
  maybe she 's a contortionist and this is one of those `` bae caught me sleeping '' type things . . 
  hmmm . . it 's plausible . 
  drink .
