  this can lead to painful patriotism boners , something this poor chap seems to be suffering from a severe case of . 
  ouch !, 
  a lot of people are calling fake on this , but people dig up a huge amount of war relics in western russia , ukraine and indeed everywhere the war passed through . 
  buried in a rubber sealed metal box , there 's no reason why the contents could n't have survived . 
  it all looks right to me ( though admittedly i am no expert on wwii german uniforms , paperwork or rum ) . 
  shhhh ... do n't tell them there 's a * rest * of the planet . 
  we do n't want this type of thing spreading !, 
  ok , so americans are proud of their constitutionally guaranteed right to free speech , but imo they take it too far . 
  like , we 're also allowed to * not * speak - try that in america and you 'll get water boarded !, 
  i quite agree , note to all americans : there is no need for you to leave the us of fucking a so please desist from doing so . 
  there 's literally nothing to see out here , so just stay home and chill . 
  thanks from the rest of the world . 
   the new finds provide evidence that some type of government activity was conducted there in that period . 
  scarcely a ringing endorsement of absolute proof , is it ? 
  and that is * the best * evidence found so far , despite well over a century of archaeological efforts to `` prove '' biblical stories ' truth which started with european christians in the 19th-century and was ramped up to an insane degree by israel , which has spent decades , millions of dollars and damaged countless other irreplaceable archaeological sites by digging through them in vain efforts to find the proof they seek . 
  and for all that we have a few deals proving some type of government was happening . 
  yeah . 
  keep digging guys , lol . 
  i am actually a zionist myself ( believing firmly , as i do , in israel 's right to continued self-determination and , of course , existence ) , so believe me when i say i do not blame * all * zionists - just the crazy , obsessed * ultra * - zionists ... 
  crazy generic israeli internet warrior # 10,793 your form is also consistent , if hilariously bigoted and contorted . 
  disagreement will not be tolerated , right # 10,793 ? 
  not * all * the land . 
  not haram-al-sharif , for example . 
  never said there was n't . 
  i was just debunking some of the hysterical and unfounded claims made by israeli `` biblical scholars '' ( an oxymoron if ever there was one ! ), 
  vs the indisputable fact of the 1,400 or so years of continuous muslim use of the haram-al-sharif/al-aqsa site . 
  the jewish historical links with jerusalem in general are similarly indisputable ; however , david and solomon are entirely unproven and so , by extension , is the first temple 's very existence , let alone on the al-aqsa site . 
  obviously the second temple is indisputable - we have very reliable roman contemporary records for that ; however , as i said before that was the temple of ( half-jewish roman puppet ) herod and not the mythical temple of solomon . 
  is that significant ? 
  yes , of course it is , it would be incredibly crass to deny so , but the temple of solomon it most probably ( when one considers facts instead of ancient , mystic , utterly unconfirmed by the archaeological record , stories ) ai n't !, 
  ooh salty american makes a funny ... 
  pretty clever there mate , for a seppo at least hurr durr . 
  being interested in real history rather than a collection of fictional stories does not an anti-zionist make . 
  sorry , but it is entirely possible to disagree with some things the israeli government does , or certain opinions held by israeli religious extremists ( who comprise a disturbingly strong faction within netanyahu 's cabinet , with 4 ministerial roles being held by those jewish home lunatics ! ), 
  without being opposed to israel itself . 
  i 100 % support israel 's right to continued existence , self-determination and security as a home for the jewish people - in what way is that * not * a zionist position ? 
  that seems like a bit of a non-sequitur ; however , it would make a difference , as i am sure you are aware . 
  unfortunately , at the moment , the israeli government hosts a very powerful religious nationalist element ( the jewish home party being the most egregious offenders , but they are not alone ) who will seize on any excuse to grab more of whatever is going . 
  these people simply can not be encouraged or given anything they might try to use as leverage , as they would . 
  they can not be trusted , except to act in the most disruptive manner possible . 
  officially acknowledging any jewish right to haram-al-sharif would surely drive the extremists to push harder . 
  `` see , unesco says it is ours , we should take it . 
  now '' is how one must foresee them responding . 
  and you really ca n't understand why ? 
  there are none so blind as those who wo n't see ... 
  reported for personal abuse . 
  i 've been doing this , with this account , for a lot longer than you mate . 
  people * are * allowed to disagree with both/either you and israel 's minister of truth and public enlightenment you know ? 
  living in the hothouse , echo chamber environment of israel i do realise it must be a bit of a shock encountering people with different opinions from those you 've been force fed since birth , but believe me we 're out here . 
  everywhere else in the world in fact . 
  ahem , sales * associate * please . 
  username fits . 
  what a jerk . 
  erdogan is an arsehole . 
  the military is the most secular institution in turkey and would put a stop to all of erdogan 's shifts towards a more islamist turkey . 
  they would n't cooperate with isis either , the borders would n't be so porous . 
  coups generally are n't cool , but erdogan has his sights set on a dictatorship and turkey has been sliding back because of it . 
  i hope the coup succeeds , or erdogan will make himself dictator in the post-coup `` cleanup '' . 
  it 's pretty awful you making a joke out of that particular quote . 
  it demonstrates a chilling lack of empathy ; you are literally mocking the suffering of the people of gaza using a saying written to describe your own people 's greatest suffering ever . 
  do you really have so little regard for the gazans ' humanity ? 
  are they simply creatures to be laughed at for the depredations your government forces them to suffer ? 
  it is quite literally disgusting how you gloat over the thought of the idf massacring gazan civilians , as will inevitably happen if the idf * does * try to wipe out hamas ... 
  it 's * gaza * you 're comparing to nk of the parties involved in the conflict ? 
  yes , their illegal nuclear program and keeping of themselves in that large concentration camp is really nk like . 
  wait , is that the gazans i 'm thinking of that do those things ? 
  why should the world cry for israeli civilian when pro-israeli right-wing nut jobs do n't give a damn about gazan civilians ? 
  that is certainly true , but it 's not what you said . 
  you * said * you have zero sympathy for gazans , most of whom are innocent civilians . 
  remember that israel helped hamas grow more powerful as a counter to fatah . 
  israel bears as much , if not more , responsibility for hamas than do the gazan civilians . 
   i cry over israel going into gaza in the same way i cry about the west liberating north korea , i do n't . 
  your words above were an answer to me talking about the slaughter of civilians by the idf in any attack on gaza . 
  your meaning is perfectly clear in context , no assumptions necessary . 
  it does n't matter how clever you think you are , it 's there and it is what it is . 
  others can read it and make up their own minds . 
  if they think i sound foolish , well i can live with that . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'll draw the same conclusions as i have though . 
  sure , whatever . 
  but , as i said , it 's there and it is what it is . 
  anyone can read it . 
  everyone 's free to decide what they think you meant . 
  of course the gazans elected them , that too is well documented and is why i attribute blame to both the group 's early protector and those who subsequently voted for them . 
  if they had n't grown strong they could never have even been voted in , could they ? 
  the article says all mail . 
  i am sure you would n't lie about what you meant , but , even re-reading it , who or what exactly you are mocking is still not entirely clear based just on the comment itself 's words alone . 
  if you say it was the person outraged by collective punishment , not the victims of it , i 'll believe you . 
  i 'm not attributing their actions to israel , only their present grip on power . 
  the best analogy i can think of is one of those situations where a foreign species is introduced to an ecosystem to control a pest , only growing to become a still greater pest itself . 
  an act of stupidity , not malice . 
  if you were just cruising down the road , not really paying full attention , that mil would be * loud * as it suddenly passed over your head . 
  i bet there 's a few drivers who pretty much crap themselves whenever the helicopter pilots make these runs . 
  it 's pretty naive to think otherwise too . 
  india got taken to the wto by the usa for offering rebates only on indian made solar-panels recently ; imagine the uproar mandating all australian made construction materials would create ? 
  plus as someone says below , australia simply does n't produce enough of anything , let alone everything , needed . 
  we already have high standards , but ( as in this case ) constant testing is required ( as someone else has pointed out too ) to ensure suppliers do n't scrimp on materials provided relative to those ordered . 
  edit : noticed i had repeated a word . 
  yeah , do n't listen to this guy - it 's a trap !, 
  queensland is full of crazy people and bikies . 
  they 're all troppo rednecks .
