  he says he wo n't accept the deal if this statement is n't included . 
  that 's fine , we all kind of figured netanyahu and his ilk would n't accept this deal no matter what anyway . 
  so refuse to accept it . 
  seeing as israel 's not part of the 5 + 1 what difference does it make ? 
  sorry , that was hyperbole . 
  i phrased that a bit poorly i guess - i was trying to make a point about the government rather than the people . 
  no doubt they try , but equally i 'm sure you can see through their crap . 
  ooh ooh ooh you forgot enslaved by babylon ... 
  la la la kill kill kill, 
  i thought he meant they 'd become extinct if they kept being aggressive and not seeking reasonable , diplomatic solutions to issues like their failure to align their behaviour with international norms , not carrying out unilateral military actions , resolving the issues around creating a palestinian state , normalising relations with iran and other shiite groups/regional players and removing their current right-wing extremist regime from power in favour of a more liberal one that will focus on domestic issues too as well as the above mentioned regional issues ... 
  but no . 
  he meant they need to be * more * aggressive , militarise further , be * more * of a regional bully . 
  sigh , i guess i should have * known * from reading / r/worldnews that that was waaaaay too optimistic . 
  stupid , stabbirabbi , stupid , stupid :(, 
  sorry , but have you ever * read * the onion ? 
  it 's fairly light satire . 
  not utterly gruesome horror . 
  read this [ article ] ( http://www.afr.com/business/energy/cold-war-mystery-israeli-spies-may-have-stolen-us-uranium-to-build-the-bomb-20150401-1mawaw ) too for another insight into the history of the israeli nuclear program . 
  e : done fixed my words up more gooder, 
  damn , this is some right wing bullshit . 
  republicans ca n't stand what 's going on - it 's hilarious !, 
  in what sense ? 
  living in ( western ) australia i have met many more indian women in recent years than previously . 
  some are colleagues ( it ) , others wives of colleagues or other indian guys i know . 
  some i 've met socially . 
  i 've briefly met many more through retail interactions . 
  they 're just like any group of women : very diverse . 
  some speak perfect english , others have a strong accent . 
  some are excellent at their jobs whereas some are average or poor . 
  most i meet through work are well educated . 
  some are stunningly beautiful , some are plain . 
  there are very fat girls and very skinny girls and everything in between ... 
  the things they do generally seem to have in common are friendliness , ambitious/aspirational , often married early by aussie standards , love gold jewellery ( !, 
  ) , cook great curry ... 
  not sure what else you 'd like to know ? 
  apocalypse now redux, 
  not the best source , but first to report it and i think it 's an important story ... 
  actually i 'm surprised at this reportage from fox news , a notoriously pro-republican source , as it does n't throw any neo-con bullshit in there with the facts of the statement . 
  i 'll be interested to read it from a more `` balanced '' source next !, 
  killed in action as in training ? 
  or afghanistan ? 
  chechnya ? 
  vietnam even ? 
  they 're clearly post-ww2 jet aircraft tails so where and when did so many ( estonian ? ), 
  soviet i lots fall in action post-ww2 ? 
  were they estonian pilots flying for ussr or russians ? 
  really cool , interesting pics anyway . 
  thx . 
  then hold up a spork ? 
  out of interest ( as i genuinely do n't know !, 
  ) , which outlets * are * banned then ? 
  what does that comment mean man ? 
  i fully tried to figure it out , but i seriously could not do it . 
  you blew my mind !, 
  you can definitely tell their eye colour . 
  which by itself tells you quite a lot ; blue eyes are almost exclusively european , although they do occur naturally in the middle east too ... 
  tonight the waitress i had was a eurasian girl with blue eyes . 
  asian almond shape and eyelids , but blue eyes . 
  looked pretty cool . 
  so whilst not 100 % definitive you can certainly infer quite a lot about an individual 's ancestry !, 
  wow , that makes it so hard . 
  no wonder i do n't know which sites are banned ... 
  cheers  at least i know how it works now . 
  very sad , all those guys from estonia died fighting for the ussr all the way in afghanistan , especially as just a few years later estonia was free of the ussr ... 
   since when do you even need another country to admit to another 's right to exist ? 
  exactly !, 
  that 's the whole point of the article and indeed the state department 's position . 
  since when * do * you even need another country to admit to another 's right to exist ? 
  the whole concept of `` insisting '' on such a clause is ludicrous ... 
  i must admit when i read your post i thought it was heading in a different direction entirely , but your concluding sentence was perfectly sane in the end . 
  the deal is designed to limit their ability to get a bomb . 
  no deal and they certainly would , sooner rather than later if they wanted , although interestingly they have been `` 1yr away from building a bomb '' for 15yrs or so now according to anti-iranian propaganda . 
  the fact is the only way other than such a deal to stop them getting the bomb would be ww3 in the me , an event that would indubitably harm israel to a massive extent no matter who `` won '' . 
  sorry if i misphrased that , it 's sad any of those guys had to die in afghanistan just a few years before the soviet withdrawal and the subsequent collapse of the ussr ... 
  russian or estonian . 
  nope , you got it . 
  they do in all the baltics _ i know a guy in lithuania , an american with a lithuanian wife , who i was on the phone to the day after they started giving out those what to do in the event of a russian invasion handbooks and was telling me of his lithuanian friends ' plans in case of such an event . 
  passive resistance was not on their minds , they * hate * russians . 
  that would explain how they were able to retrieve the tail fins ... 
  he must have an iphone - my autocorrect always used to change were to we 're until i trained it not to . 
  which ones ? 
  the original pro-palestine protesters or the bosnian soccer hooligans who crashed the rally ? 
  imo the first lot were legitimate pro-semite , anti-zionists and the second lot were your simple anti-semitic bigots ... 
  what do you think ? 
  where is the anti-semitism in either the article or these comments ? 
  the article ( i 'm guessing you did n't read it ? ), 
  is literally the words of an idf general discussing how israel needs to dedicate yet more military capability to the [ occupation forces ] ( http://www.btselem.org/gaza_strip/israels_obligations ) * currently engaged in the siege of gaza ; how is that anti-semitic ? 
  it is the words of the idf 's southern military region - tel aviv is in serious trouble if that man is an anti-semite !, 
  which comments are anti-semitic ? 
  please point me to any that even flirt with anti-semitism as opposed to being critical of the israeli government and the idf and/or are written in direct response to the content of the article !, 
  it ** is not anti-semitism to disagree with the actions , policies or statements of the israeli government or military ** . 
  claiming that it is is highly counter-productive as anti-semitism as a concept loses its visceral power and true awfulness and becomes a bland , trite idiom for disagreement with anything to do with israel , from palestine to bagels . 
  anti-semitism is in fact a disgustingly bigoted and irrational hatred for jews !, 
  it certainly does exist and must be fought wherever it does , but just as in the child 's tale of `` the boy who cried wolf '' , making facile and unjustified accusations of anti-semitism merely serves to severely weaken your position vis-a-vis confronting actual bigots !, 
  * i have provided you the relevant quote from israeli human rights group b'tselem that i linked to to spare you reading through a page of text that may be dense for some readers regarding gaza 's ongoing and current status as occupied territory :, 
   one source of the obligations imposed on israel toward residents of the gaza strip is the laws of occupation , which are incorporated in the hague convention ( 1907 ) and in the fourth geneva convention ( 1949 ) . 
  these laws impose general responsibility on the occupying state for the safety and welfare of civilians living in the occupied territory . 
  the laws of occupation apply if a state has `` effective control '' over the territory in question . 
  the high court has held contrary to israel 's claim , stating that the creation and continuation of an occupation does not depend on the existence of an institution administering the lives of the local population , but only on the extent of its military control in the area . 
  furthermore , a certain area may be deemed occupied even if the army does not have a fixed presence throughout the whole area .
