  pakistan is a scary country - poor , riddled with fundamentalist extremists and nuclear is not a great combination . 
  pakistan is behind the takiban , sponsors terrorism in india , is a massive narcotics distributor and seemingly on the brink of becoming a failed state if the military lose their grip . 
  it 's very rare to hear good news from pakistan unfortunately . 
  the roman emperor augustus , aka octavian caesar . 
  he managed to rule rome brilliantly across the span of its territories in an era when all communications consisted of men carrying messages on horseback . 
  i 've not read ali smith , but zadie smith is a brilliant author . 
  i 've only read her first two ( the much lauded `` white teeth '' and `` the autograph man '' ) , but reading this article led to my checking her bibliography and realising i have a fair bit of catching up to do . 
  which is brilliant - i 'm looking to reload my kindle at the moment as it happens and hers is a rich seam indeed . 
   americans do n't do that . 
  it 's the same in the us as it is in brazil :, 
  a ) i 'm sorry , but you do see americans claiming they 're 1/4 this and an 1/8 that , 1/3 something else with a dash of cherokee * all the time * , and not only that , but believing they have some innate cultural connection with their `` homeland ( s ) '' in a way you really do n't from people from any other country . 
  australia has a very diverse citizenry who immigrated following much the same patterns as the us did ( triggered by the same world events ) , but here people are just `` aussies , mate '' ( or `` aussies , cunt '' if we want to run with that meme , seeing as we 're discussing australians - i do n't mind ... ) . 
  people are aware of where their family members came from and will talk about if asked , but it is a part of people 's identity to a far lesser extent , especially past the second generation . 
  b ) very few things to do with race or culture are the same in brazil and the usa , at least from what my brazilian friends tell me . 
  maybe though you 're like 1/5 brazilian or something and can set me straight ? 
   how would you know if you live in australia ? 
  well , believe it or not , we actually have access to a wide range of media and communications in australia and as such get quite a lot of exposure to us culture via that , as well meeting as americans visiting australia and even going to the states ourselves !, 
  mind-blowing , i know . 
  maybe it 's a function of meeting americans who are n't amongst other americans and so like to `` mark their ( forefathers ' ) territory '' , as it were , or maybe it 's reddit 's fault and the preponderance of `` annoying as hell assholes '' has left me jaded ? 
  all i can say is i see it very often on here , references to it on us media and have actually been personally subjected to it by real , live americans as well . 
  america * is * a big place though and - despite its general cultural homogeneity - with all those people you are bound to get a wide selection of different personality types ; from the `` annoying as hell assholes '' you identify to more `` normal '' ( for want of a better word '' people such as , presumably , yourself . 
  oh , no doubt about that ; however , augustus had a lighter touch ( well , after he had finished up dealing with his former partner-in-crime , marc antony , at least ) and an amazing talent for organisation in peace as well as war . 
  both were brilliant men ; i guess with jc we never got to see his long-term imperial administration skills as he was princeps for so little time before his assassination . 
  his organisational skills were formidable too and i am sure he would have managed very well himself in augustus 's shoes if given the opportunity . 
  it is unfortunate that bds 's leaders have not made clear they support recognition for israel as a jewish state and so many bds supporters have outright admitted they do want israel 's destruction . 
  obviously one can not support bds under the circumstances , no matter how strongly one feels about palestinian independence or that boycotts of wb colonies is the `` right '' way to apply pressure . 
  until bds change their stance to explicitly recognise israel they are undermining themselves and alienating a lot of potential supporters . 
  even the great norman finkelstein is completely opposed to bds for this reason , despite his empathy for the palestinians ' situation . 
  i would never associate myself with bds , despite sympathy for their cause and agreement with their primary tactic . 
  they * need * to shed this destruction of israel agenda very , very explicitly and publicly as well as actively working to exclude any associations violent people or groups entirely . 
  only then will they have the moral authority to command support outside `` anti-israelis '' ( anti-semites ... ) instead of `` pro-palestinians '' ( who just want to see a fair conclusion to the conflict , ** not ** the destruction of israel !, 
  i am not certain whether i have read `` nw '' , and suspect that - like you - i did n't like it if i did . 
  it 's been about a decade since it was released , but i do remember a book of hers i did not get into at all , and maybe even started , but failed to finish ( an incredibly rare occurrence for me ! ) . 
  one thing i can say with certainty though is that `` white teeth '' is the best of the books from her oeuvre i have read . 
  `` the autograph man '' was ok , but not as good ( not nearly iirc ) , and i have a lingering sense of not having thought much of `` nw '' . 
  `` white teeth '' is great imo . 
  great premise , great characters , well written and at the time it was released a very `` fresh '' book . 
  even if you did n't enjoy `` nw '' i would say pick `` white teeth '' up . 
  maybe from the library if you 're not sure . 
  i 'm sure my view has been coloured by media and both the sample of americans i have interacted with and the circumstances under which that interaction 's taken place . 
  as i said , america 's a big place with a lot of people . 
  of course there 's going to be a spread from absolute legends to total dicks and everything in between !, 
  i know some great americans with nothing dickish about them , but equally i have met some fucking tools . 
  the other thing that happens is confirmation bias . 
  i still stand by my original assertion , but once you 're aware of a cultural phenomenon like the `` muh heritage : 1/4 this , 1/4 that , 1/4 the other and 1/3 the rest '' self-identification * you notice and remember when you observe instances of it , whilst discarding memories that do n't reinforce the concept . 
  everyone is prone to this , albeit about different things . 
  i guess there is an element of confirmation bias in how much i have become aware of it . 
  edit : the italic text at the end was added to complete my post after u/toshiro46 pointed out i had failed to do so when i first saved it ... 
  thanks !, 
  i will do so . 
  `` the embassy of cambodia '' looks interesting too - anybody here read that ? 
  well , if nobody was shot in * one * of america 's myriad school massacres then quite clearly there is * nothing * wrong with their gun control legislation , gun culture or society in general . 
  in fact , i do n't think i have * ever * seen a more compelling argument for the unrestricted right to bear arms ( under shakira law yuropoors ' women wo n't even be allowed to * bare * arms in public soon - that would never happen if the populace was n't denied their essential freedoms and were appropriately armed to the teeth ! ), 
  or for the pacifist ( though never * passivist * ) nature of the american national soul . 
  you 're right , lol . 
  normally i 'm better at proof reading !, 
  let me edit that and fix it up . 
  which totally makes the high incidence of murder in us society * not a bad thing * because , well , it 's illegal so american society ca n't be held responsible for its bad eggs banned behaviours , right ? 
  anyway , as we all know by know there are only more murders per capita in the us than in other western nations because there are more people per capita in america !, 
  simple `` math '' only stupid yuropoors ca n't grasp . 
  einstein was clearly a man of great principle as well as a genius . 
  he refused the israeli presidency because he , despite being a passionate cultural zionist , could not square the state of israel as it was actually formed with his conscience . 
  ( he was a labor zionist , who to see arab-jew cooperation rather than conflict and a binational-state , aka the single state solution , and was horrified by israel 's political reality . ), 
  it took a great deal of courage to stand up to the red scare witch hunts in the '50s , even for a man of einstein 's impeccable standing . 
  even robert oppenheimer - the incredibly highly respected leader of the atomic bomb project - fell under scrutiny in the hysteria that surrounded mccarthyism and the huac . 
  the whole red scare epoch should be remembered during other cultural scares , including the syrian refugees ( as a topical example ) . 
  i would argue american culture is still scarred by the red scare era - witness how many people are call sanders or obama `` communist '' for what are very modest social welfare policies . 
  even sanders would not be viewed as a great socialist in more politically balanced societies and part of this terror of `` socialism '' is surely a hangover from red scare . 
  * i 'd * like to have relations with her and * then * celebrate . 
  yes , we agree . 
  that 's what i said , together with my opinion that before bds can become a movement one can ethically support that refusal to explicitly recognise israel needs to change , and that the movement 's leaders must also make that change very clear . 
  i 'm not sure what the `` but '' in your comment is there for tbh . 
  could you really not manage to parse my comment , did you read only the first sentence before typing your reply or are you simply being obtuse and argumentative for the sake of it ? 
  i had thought i was very explicit in my condemnation for bds 's current stance of refusing to acknowledge israel 's right to exist as a jewish state . 
  i 'm not sure what more you want , unless it really is a matter of poor reading comprehension or argument for argument 's sake ... 
   why should bds supporters recognize israel as a jewish state ? 
  why not as a state for those living within it ? 
  do you realize that 20 % of israelis are not even jewish ? 
  i am well aware of israel 's demographics , and to a pretty large extent share your ideological objections to the requirement for israel being specifically defined as a jewish state ; however , the fact of the matter is that being a jewish state is pretty much israel 's entire raison d'etre coming , as it does , from its zionist origins . 
  israel is now a fact and the palestinians are never going to get a better standard of living , let alone enjoy the self-determination they deserve as long as there is any hint of their refusing to accept israel and accept the country for what it is . 
  for that reason alone it is worth their recognising israel as a jewish state . 
  no love for rtrfm ? 
  the laws in the west bank * are * based on ethnicity/culture - any jew from anywhere in the world can fly to israel on the next available flight and move straight into an illegal wb colony with the other settlers , immediately gaining the rights and protections of an israeli citizen simply because they are jewish . 
  there is * no path * by which a wb palestinian can acquire israeli citizenship so there is no way that they can escape the punitive legal system the wb 's native population are forced to live under . 
  this is thus clearly a situation where two legal/social systems operate side-by-side , in the same area with the differentiator being the religion/ethnicity . 
  to claim that is not apartheid because that 's is somehow not racism or that it is based on citizenship , not ethnicity , is to merely play silly semantic games . 
  if there was a mechanism by which the palestinian could become an israeli then your argument might be valid . 
  as is it is mere dissimulation . 
  a transparent dissimulation at that . 
   there is a very specific definition of who can travel to israel and become a citizen ; arabs-israelis can also move to the west bank settlements with full protection and rights ... so is not about been arab or jew but about the nationality . 
  yes , basically anyone with enough jewish ancestors can become israeli citizens , nobody else is n't ? 
  i 'll deal with your second point further down ... 
   palestinians can gain jordanian citizenship , iranian citizenship american citizenship and still live in that area . 
  the fact that arabs of any citizenship must suffer the law of belligerent occupation , whilst jews of any citizenship , even without israeli citizenship , live under israel 's civil laws merely proves that the laws * are * applied on the basis of ethnicity/culture - not citizenship !, 
  honestly , how did you think that helps your case at all ? 
   is a silly semantic game to ignore that international law specifically says that the occupied population have different rights and then jump at the fabrication of apartheid because it sounds cool in the pr . 
  international law specifically states that it is illegal for the occupying power to settle its population into occupied territories , so the above point is somewhat moot , is it not ? 
  the law as you refer to it is not intended to cover a situation where two distinct , separated populations are living in the territory occupied , one under belligerent occupation laws , the other under normal , civil laws . 
  it is , at best , disingenuous to claim you are unable to perceive that distinction . 
  east jerusalem aside , very few arab-israelis live in the illegal settlements .
