  you only believe your inability to support any of your denials with decisive proof is justified because you do believe you should be held to different standards . 
  it is the only possible justification because ** nobody else ** disputes facts such as netanyahu threatening iran or israel being a nuclear power and conducting its own weapons tests !, 
  again the irony inherent in your whining comment is thick enough to cut with a knife , yet still it escapes you entirely . 
  the sinai was given back because israel realised after yom kippur that they could n't rely on always being able to beat the arab nations as they did with their sneak attack in ' 67 . 
  there have been no wars since '73 because of peace treaties which is why israel really can afford to chill the fuck out and stop demanding so much american money to defend itself . 
  israel now cooperates well with both jordan and egypt , syria is in turmoil and lebanon has been the victim of israeli aggression , not the other way around . 
  how is one surprise attack more moral than the other ? 
  they * are * equivalent . 
  only propaganda you have absorbed makes you think they 're different . 
  there is massive difference between the palestinians ' tie to the land , which has been continuous and contiguous for over a millennia at least , whilst the jews chose to make no effort to return for two millennia . 
  the jews did n't originate in palestine - they basically passed through * thousands of years ago * . 
  the fact you so passionately believe this merely demonstrates my point about education having been subverted to promote ideologuism rather than thought . 
  i am not supporting extremists and the rest of this paragraph is simply racist vitriol . 
  as is the next . 
  i would love to visit israel and the wb ( if israel will let me enter the wb - the travel restrictions can make it hard ) . 
  i do n't hate israel , i just wish they would start behaving as a responsible state that did n't blatantly disregard international law and human rights . 
  are you for real ? 
  compare and contrast the extremely violent and oppressive 50 year israeli occupation , massive population transfer and creeping territorial expansion with the much more humane & benign us treatment of japan 's population , the * total * lack of any population transfer , the marshall plan and america 's quick , complete ( except for military bases , by treaty ) withdrawal . 
  if israel had withdrawn to the '67 borders entirely 40 years ago ( or offered equivalent value land swaps ) and funnelled huge amounts of investment into turning the palestinian economy into a global powerhouse ( which , in palestine 's case would actually merely be just reparations for the land that is now israel , rather than rebuilding an enemy nation that had started the conflict with surprise attacks and invasions of foreign territory as per japan ) then your example would have some relevance ; however , that 's not what has happened , is it ? 
  did you honestly not consider any of that , or is there some intrinsic flaw in the palestinians that makes none of those differences significant ? 
  if there is n't , in your estimation , such a flaw then the only equivalence between the us occupation of japan and the israeli occupation of palestine is that they are both legal occupations in and of themselves . 
  beyond that , the occupying powers ' relative behaviour is entirely different . 
  that obviously has a massive outcome on how the occupied people feel and behave . 
  you really did n't get that ? 
  are you blinded by ideology , not very knowledgeable about either or both histories/situations or do you just think * i 'm * too ignorant to get it myself ? 
  or are you just a massive , massive hypocrite ? 
  arab nations - not the palestinian people - attacked israel . 
  the zionists had previously started a civil war within palestine , a land they had been flooding with illegal immigrants for years with a colonial occupation as their expressly stated aim . 
  war is war ; we * were * discussing the occupations , not the wars . 
  ( that was a classic * whataboutism * btw . ), 
  your next statement is pretty damn racist too , and the product of your indoctrination with the israeli party line . 
  you simply will not allow that any arab is capable of rationality , will you ? 
  and you have absolutely no shame about expressing this racist bs . 
  smh . 
  yes , i also said there were differences in behaviour . 
  i have nothing against israel per se and support israel 's right to existence and self-determination 100 % , i just believe the palestinians to enjoy the same . 
  can you honestly say the same ? 
  it 's brilliant that he did n't just survive the camps , but survived to become the world 's oldest man . 
  eat shit nazis !, 
  it 's interesting that disney , who are usually * extremely * vocal about copyright infringement are saying * nothing * . 
  one has to hope that no trace of walt disney 's personal , intense and utterly vile anti-semitism remains within the company 's culture to explain this lack of comment . 
  i am * nearly * 100 % certain it could n't be that , but the very thought it might is chilling . 
  this is the 21st century and there is no place for such archaic , vicious bigotry ... 
  well i never !, 
  and here the rest of the world is thinking if they want to stop the violence it 's the knesset that needs to be raided and shut down so the settlements can be dismantled and occupation ended ... 
  i do hope this works . 
  there have been too many deaths on both sides . 
  maybe when it does n't they 'll consider the knesset raid ? 
  the immigrants were illegal - the ruling british protectorate did all they could to limit it , but zionist terrorist groups such as irgun included people smuggling in their list of criminal activities and smuggled in many literal boatloads of illegal immigrants . 
  i do n't support hamas and agree they can not be included in any peace deal , but it 's symptomatic of israel 's ingrained racist bs that they use the tiny percentage of the entire palestinian population that makes up hamas to collectively punish and dismiss the rights of all palestinians . 
  you 've been tirelessly defending a comment that did say arabs/palestinians are incapable of rationality : if you do n't agree what has the point of your steam of turgid comments been ? 
  again claiming `` they '' do n't want to live in peace is more racist bs . 
  give them a fair peace and i bet they 'll take it . 
  the zionist terrorism israel was spawned from ceased once they achieved their political goals , why can you not believe the palestinians would do the same ? 
  the rest of your comment is spam . 
  i 've seen it posted multiple other times in other threads . 
  there 's no doubt hamas 's tv programming is disgusting and intended to provoke hatred , but that is - in this thread - another whataboutism . 
  try to filter the racist crap or i 'll stop replying . 
  i repeat my question : as an independent , unbiased observer i support israel 's right to self determination 100 % , but also palestine 's . 
  can you honestly say the same ? 
  not answering implies `` no '' . 
  if you try to say yes , please provide some supporting evidence/thoughts to demonstrate your veracity . 
  after everything else you 've said i think that 's only fair . 
  thank you for your service , tovarisch !, 
  so the idf attacks * are * an overreaction ? 
  as are the numbers of palestinian dead ? 
  thank you for the first honest , truthful comment i have * ever * seen from you !, 
  this is good . 
  this is a big step forward for you . 
  i feel honoured to have witnessed it . 
  with no carpet or rugs in the room . 
  must be great on cold mornings . 
  that you 're illegitimate op . 
  your mom had a lot of lovers before me . 
  yeah because after their mid-thirties who smokes weed , right ? 
  or starts smoking it in their mid-teens for that matter ... 
  yep weed is * such * a twenties thing . 
  smh . 
  ha ha , yep - that 's a very good point . 
  i never even browse r/trees let alone consider posting pictures . 
  i had n't considered that !, 
  man , have you seen this specific guy 's usual comments ? 
  `` there is no occupation '' is his usual schtick . 
  most people i would n't say that to , but him ? 
  he spews more hate-speech bs than almost anyone else i 've seen in here ... 
  no israelis died . 
  these children did not fire any rockets . 
  why did the children have to die ? 
  there is no good reason . 
  the iaf killed simply because it saw a chance to do so . 
  the recent pew survey has laid bare the rotten core of the israeli psyche . 
  if * you * had been surveyed , you would have been in the 50 % of israelis who support ethnic cleansing , would n't you ? 
  ( that was a rhetorical question ; you do n't answer rhetorical questions : they are asked when the answer is known ... ), 
  why ? 
  simply because you disagree with my interpretation of events does n't mean i am wrong . 
  you are very close-minded - honestly , read fisk 's account of the idf 's behaviour in lebanon and then try to view their actions elsewhere as being innocent , with everything the arabs do being wrong and everything the israelis do being rainbows and unicorns . 
  stick your head outside the right-wing echo chamber of israeli media and try to learn to be able to bring yourself to read some alternative viewpoints . 
  if you entered a library - or actually probably look online as i doubt many israeli libraries contain any books that question the same melodramatic , hysterical even , nationalist claptrap your head has already been filled with - you will easily find analysis that agrees with my view of the events we 've been discussing . 
  not from arabs or nazis , but mainstream european and us history books . 
  if that 's too much effort just read wikipedia and you will find all of my points supported , with citations .
