  or did you mean other issues with the ship ? 
  i do recall all the modifications to flight deck surfaces and etc , and agree that 's a serious concern , but doctrine evolving to deal with new threats and take advantage of new opportunities is surely not only inevitable , but also necessary ? 
  that is really interesting - the juxtaposition of wwii technology with the dawn of the modern era . . 
  i find this kind of thing absolutely fascinating ; it 's a massive part of what i find so interesting about vietnam , the way in which we see the nexus between wwii-era tactics and technology and the modern ( eg skyraiders and invaders flying , at the same time as the first paveway laser guided bombs , or modern c&c doctrine and etc ) . 
  great pic again man !, 
  let me please first say i am much happier actually discussing this seriously in measured terms than i was with the initial mutual antagonism . 
  it is not only much more interesting , but actually fits my beliefs and position better ; while i do take issue with some aspects of israeli policy ( primarily the occupation/settlements ) i am in general a supporter of israel , despite some of the arguments i get into here . 
  unfortunately this is a very polarised sub , and confrontation is more common than discussion and there is no point in being reasonable with people who wo n't show you the same courtesy . 
  it that kind of commenter my less nuanced arguments are directed at . . 
  i was n't aware of the issues with veteran 's today , and would not have cited them had i known . 
  i wo n't use them in future given what you have said , and will edit my previous comment to remove those links . 
  wrt to the one-sided nature of idf integration with global jsf operators , here is one article discussing some concerns :, 
  the actual issue you asked about is discussed here :, 
   but sovereignty issues and concerns over where data comes from have hindered that flow of information among international partners , he said . 
  that lack of a common operating picture has become a sticking point for the program , one that even the air force 's chief of air combat command , gen. herbert carlisle , has pointed to as a significant issue , according to harrigian . 
   `` what will be critically important going forward is how we get data off this airplane , and it 's something that we 've struggled with , '' harrigian said . 
  `` i will tell you gen. carlisle put his finger in my chest and said we 've got to figure this out . '', 
   the ability to accurately identify weapons , adversaries and friendly forces will rely on coherent data sharing , us air force col. max marosko , deputy director of air and cyberspace operations for pacific air forces , said thursday . 
  without synchronized mission data files , allied forces may not see the same picture in the sky and be able to make a decision . 
   `` given an example of brit f-35s in one lane and us f35s in another lane , if our databases are n't synchronized you 're going to end up with conflicting identification using , which could delay employment and put the force at more risk , '' he said . 
  `` we can ensure we 're all on the same playing field and we do n't have any identification problems that could most likely lead to a lack of shooting and putting the pilots at more risk . 
  that 's an important thing to consider . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/sharing-secret-f-35-data-gives-usaf-new-problem-426884/ ), 
  while this does not specifically mention israel ( instead using britain as the example , despite britain using the standard system . . ) , it is clear that given the greater independence israel has negotiated it is more of an issue with the iaf than other operators . 
  i have definitely read this stated explicitly , but will need more time to find the exact source - there is so much information out there , and i read very widely . 
  it may be in a magazine rather than the internet , bit i shall continue to look . . 
   this is a problem and has accelarated china 's jet programs , but not even the most optimistic analyst thinks j-10s or any chinese made craft in the near future will be presenting much of a challenge for us/nato/israeli / etc. 
  air power any time soon . 
  i agree that china is not perceived as an insurmountable threat on an even footing ; however , the concerns held about their rapidly improving systems are significant in the strategic context of a war in say the south china sea , where china has the home ground advantage and can employ its much discussed anti-access/area-denial doctrine to prevent western/allied forces from being able to target chinese forces effectively . 
  the chinese watched the gulf wars and balkans conflict with horror and learned how western forces `` do business '' ; they have developed asymmetric tactics designed to chip away at the west 's ( `` the west '' is n't the best term to use here , as i am actually talking about singapore , korea , japan and etc as well as `` western '' nations such as australia , but i hope it 's easy to follow what i mean - the us/nato/seato allied democracies . . ) force-multiplier , networked warfare advantages and despite some serious shortfalls in certain areas ( notably engine manufacture ) have leapt ahead in areas such as avionics , with indigenously developed aesa radars at least being tested in j-10s , j-11s ( their flanker copies ) , as well as the stealthy j-20 and j-31 types which are thought to actually be better than russian equivalents . 
  such systems can definitely make life much harder than it ever previously was in terms of fighting china and thus concerns about their evolving capabilities do seem quite grounded in context . 
  if the plaaf can take out awacs , tankers and etc they can seriously inhibit allied operations and it is this which seems to be the most significant danger . 
  oh , where is that ? 
  are you going to try so `` indo-aryan '' supremacist shit on me now ? 
  * please * do , i think it 's hilarious . . 
  this is the wrong photo for the title : this picture is actually :, 
   southern california - a u.s. navy mark vi patrol boat wards off a guardian fast patrol craft , simulating the actions of an enemy vessel during a show of force strait transit with carrier strike group 1 off the coast of southern california , nov. 4 , 2016 . 
  i have also posted the correct picture for this title ( with the same title ) here for those who are interested : https://www.reddit.com/r/militaryporn/comments/5f9w6h/philippine_marines_join_us_marines_with_fox/, 
  agreed , hopefully the issues can be worked through . 
  discussion is obviously the prerequisite for that , so it 's good it 's being discussed . 
  so you now admit that it has occurred and therefore it is an issue ? 
  previously you seemed to be denying there was any problem ; now you have shifted to downplaying it . . 
  will you agree that , whether systemic or not , the fact illegal and unapproved direct transfers of sensitive us technology occur whatsoever is a problem ? 
  pretty funny you think it 's `` super creepy '' that someone would look at your history . . 
  people who bitch about that spin me out - it 's a feature of the site , everyone can do it to anyone , and everyone knows that 's how the site works , yet for whatever reason they think their history is * private * ? 
  if you are ashamed of your posts then delete them . . 
  point still stands - it 's not a rare statement by any means , lots of people seem to be under some illusion about their history 's `` privacy '' . . 
  again out of interest , why do you believe people who currently own homes deserve to lose all that money you hope we will so you may benefit ? 
  and , if and when the crash happens and you do buy , would you - out of principle - refuse to accept any growth in the value of your newly acquired home ? 
  so you do n't think it 's a problem , ie you maintain the illegal ( as defined by contracts israeli companies willingly signed , then broke ) transfer of sensitive technology * is n't * a problem , and israel should suffer absolutely no consequences for its betrayal of these secrets , but should simply be allowed to enjoy the profits of these , and forgive me for calling a spade a spade , crimes and continue to cash the aid cheques and be given free access to yet more , even more advanced technology ? 
  the eurofighter consortium is not allowed to export the eurofighter typhoon without us fms approval because it uses us components ; same is true for sweden and the saab jas 39 gripen : so why exactly does israel , in your opinion , deserve a pass when these nations which developed their systems independently and not in partnership with a us company ( unlike lavi , iron dome , etc ) do n't get one , even after israeli companies * did * transfer technology illegally , thus breaching the legal contracts they had signed to access the technology in the first place ? 
  i 'm not saying that israel has n't developed some systems completely indigenously , but we are n't talking about tavor rifles , or merkava tanks - we 're talking about lavi fighters and patriot missiles . . 
  i have made no mention of widely exported systems such as the iai heron drones ( or other israeli drones ) , rafael litening targeting pods or elbit ecm pods ( both equally widely exported ) ; indeed , as i said elsewhere itt , i do n't take issue with that . 
  even though that would result in their kids then inheriting less , and so losing out in the long-run anyway ? 
  have you canvassed many people about this ? 
  well , i bought my place to live in and can easily afford my mortgage ; however , i still do n't want to see its value plummet . 
  i did n't buy as a speculation , but still hope my property gains in value ; it is a reasonable expectation after all . 
  it does n't have to jump up daily , i mean gain over the period i intend to own it , which is currently indefinite . 
  so why is it right that i see my property lose value to help you get what i worked hard to achieve for myself ? 
  sure there are speculators out there , but i know more people who own their own homes to live in than own investment properties . 
  why should we all lose out ? 
  when you look at the figures , it 's something like 3/4 of homes are owned by owner occupiers . 
  are we all just dumb for buying when we were able to , and a correction simply our punishment for not waiting for something that might never happen ? 
  are those who perhaps did overextend themselves a bit to become home owners especially deserving of this punishment , and the associated stresses that will fuck their shit up should they find themselves paying off an `` asset '' worth less than they owe ? 
  and i ask again , if and when the crash you hope for happens and you buy , will you subsequently refuse to accept any gains in value so the next bloke who is in your by then erstwhile position can get their own place too ? 
  would you be content to accept all the costs and responsibilities of home ownership for no reward , other than having a place to live of course ? 
  please understand i 'm not having a go at you , i 'm just trying to understand your thinking . . 
  what about recovering the constant costs of home ownership though ? 
  maintenance , insurance , rates - they all come out of your average owner occupiers pockets and make home ownership considerably more of a responsibility as well as a privilege compared to renting . 
  you think people that own their own homes now deserve * nothing * for putting in the effort that is required to get over that hurdle and into their own home , simply because you would like to see prices return to where you think they ought to be ? 
  that in fact they should be punished because they were able to buy somewhere to live so that you may in turn buy your own place , which you then expect to accumulate value ? 
  i 'm not talking about investors , i 'm talking about the roughly 3/4 of homes that are owner occupied . . 
  so you do n't accept that people will be put under a massive amount of stress because they have to use up their income paying for a home they owe more on than its worth instead of , you know , saving for retirement , or even ( god forbid ! ), 
  enjoying holidays and the other little perks of working hard ? 
  you do n't think that kind of thing will destroy marriages and families , cause massive depression and anxiety , or lead to any other social ills ? 
  or do these bad outcomes not matter because some other people benefitted instead , so it 's all cool ? 
  i mean , these people still have somewhere to live , so what 's the problem , right ? 
  you reckon ( presumably as a renter ? ), 
  that just the sheer joy of living in your own place is adequate compensation for putting your money into a home instead of another investment which would turn out to be better ? 
  i think you are in for a shock if and when you do buy mate . . 
  i 'm talking about owner occupiers though , you know the ~ 3/4 of all homes . . 
  i 'm talking about people such as myself , my rellies , my colleagues . . 
  i do n't think any of us would be happy to lose the massive chunk of change you seem to think we ought , nor would we be happy to see it happen to each other . 
  who are these people you 're talking to who all agree that property prices should come down ? 
  way to build a hardcore strawman !, 
  impressive , almost . . 
  where did i say that people who do n't own their own home do n't work hard ? 
  all i said was why should people not get to enjoy the benefits of their work , in order that some others can gain ? 
  you seem to have the attitude problem matey , not me . . 
  * [ edie brickell ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8pse94pjwh8 ) * by dj vadim featuring slug from atmosphere ;, 
  * [ hallelujah ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yrlk4vdy28q ) * by the late , great leonard cohen ;, 
  * [ another girl another planet ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lkuc3faqaes ) * by the only ones ;, 
  * [ you know i 'm no good ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kguv14mhyeu ) * by amy winehouse featuring ghostface killah ;, 
  * [ atmosphere ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1edujlawljm ) * by joy division . 
  ha ha , fair enough . 
  i got whooshed , but i 'm fucking totally with you on this one ( now i get you 're making the same point as i laboured over , but yours is funny af . . ) ; as i said , everyone 's history is there for anyone to see and it 's fully a feature of reddit , one i consider integral to how everything works . . 
  good job man , you made a great point and demonstrated a good degree of subtlety doing so . 
  ( as i admitted , you totally got me , lol ! ), 
  out of interest , how does the java integration work ? 
  ( ie what cross process communication channel/transport does it use , or is can it use a variety - eg mqs , ws , etc & what encoding/serialisation for exchange , eg xml , json , protobufs etc. . ),
