  cheerleader effect is the common idiom . 
  mark hamill did n't do so well outside of his star wars roles ( even his guest spot on the simpsons was him playing himself playing luke skywalker ... ) , but he does n't come out with these bitter rants ... 
  sold i guess . 
  i 'm not the person to ask . 
  put your tinfoil hat on and head over to / r/conspiracy for full details . 
  you see that symbol on street signs all over bangkok . 
  mahouts ( elephant handlers ) get massive fines for allowing their elephants to get intimate in between jobs within the city limits ... 
  hmmm , a quick glance at your comment history and it seems your entire schtick is having no sense of humour and pompously searching for comments to prove wrong . 
  worst novelty account * ever * ... 
  does n't alter your pomposity or humourless nature . 
  not everything is meant to be read seriously , people do make jokes . 
  being right is n't the be all and end all . 
  ah , south africa in the '70s . 
  the good old days when you could hunt endangered species and oppress black people to your heart 's content ... 
  yes , yes that 's exactly what it is . 
  is yours writing near unintelligible comments and seeing whether people can understand them ? 
  yep , rekt, 
  ah , thank you . 
  i knew it was n't really playdough , but forgot the actual material . 
  the joke i was making , which admittedly was subtle , was at jake lloyd 's expense by comparing him to mark hamill . 
  if you read the wikipedia article to which you linked it explains that mark hamill 's career in movies was severely limited in for at least a decade following star wars as , to quote directly from one director who refused him a role :, 
   `` i do n't want luke skywalker in this film '' . 
  in that sense star wars certainly did also harm his career , although to satisfy your pedantic standards of accuracy i should have expressed the point differently . 
  it 's almost like you did n't even read the article you found to prove me wrong . 
  if you read your comment history , almost all of it is you telling people why they are wrong in a distinctly unpleasant and superior tone ( as you are now ) . 
  i based that opinion of you on such comments of yours as :, 
   christ this joke is older than me and you still managed to mess it up . 
   and yet the numbers show you are wrong, 
   it does n't . 
  it 's an old wives tale, 
   fuck off you self promoting douchebag . 
   if you ca n't tell the difference you need to get the fuck off the internet !, 
   wow . 
  i 've seen some bullshit posts but your 's is right up there on the agenda scale . 
  if you are `` convinced '' then poor you for letting other people decide whats best for you . 
   had to make an account just to debunk everything you just claimed . 
  it very ... paranoid to say the least but bear with me . 
  this is just a list compiled by sequentially taking the first line of almost every comment you have made . 
  it would appear from very nearly * every comment you have ever posted * that you do consider being right the be all and end all , although you are correct ( yay you ! ), 
  in your statement that you did n't actually state this anywhere , except implicitly in your username . 
  given this commenting history , coupled with that username , perhaps you can forgive my misunderstanding that yours is a novelty account ? 
  i must apologise for claiming you lack any sense of humour . 
  you do in fact possess such ; it is , however , a distinctly unpleasant sense of humour based solely around taking the piss out of people whenever you can find fault with anything they have written . 
  at the point you are able to find such a fault you immediately assume a superior , sarcastic tone - exactly as you are currently attempting to do with me now - and exercise your `` sense of humour '' to demonstrate to your chosen victim why they are wrong . 
  the dictionary definition of pompous , taken from google is as follows :, 
   affectedly and irritatingly grand , solemn , or self-important . 
  i would argue that you fit that description to a tee , hence my considered opinion of you as pompous . 
  ok mate , you win . 
  you 're right and you sure showed me why i 'm wrong . 
  furthermore your sense of humour is a shining example to the rest of us . 
  oh , if only i could be more like you :(, 
  will this full and frank admission of your internet superiority get you to shut up and stop the circlejerk you 're trying to provoke here ? 
  if not , please just let me what will satisfy you so i can provide that to you . 
  sigh , i should have learned a long time ago not to feed the trolls . 
  proof that 's all you are : when i called you out in detailed manner in all your bullshit you just went for a diversion instead of addressing it ... classic troll . 
  there was a joke about it at the time :, 
  farrah fawcett dies and gets to heaven . 
  when she gets to the pearly gates god says `` farrah , you lived a good life so you get one wish '', 
  `` i wish all the world 's children could be safe '' replies farrah . 
  god kills michael jackson . 
  how is that ridiculous ? 
  a boy can kill , but it takes a man to drink ( responsibly ) ... 
  the point is n't to die for your country , but to make the other bastard die for his ... 
  dafuzz , after his rescuer, 
  you literally leave your house in poor shape ? 
  literally hitler . 
  the other stuff 's just meh , but that 's going way , way too far . 
  you made up a cool username . 
  wombats are great . 
  so you have that going for you - give other things a try and you might be pleasantly surprised !, 
  the truly fucked up thing is that at that time there were still pockets of klan strongholds left where they would have been beaten up or worse for their relationship ... 
  what does her sentence have to do with feminism though ? 
  i 'm a guy and the shit those guys come out with to justify their bigotry instead of acknowledging their inadequacies just makes me shake my head in amazement . 
  being on the receiving end of it would get old quickly . 
  i totally get what you were saying . 
   the state capital, 
  yeah , of sa . 
  you make it sound like a major city instead of a country town ... 
  i 'm the same , i love my coffee and do n't care that each cup is like $ 4.50 on average ( i live in australia ) ... 
  i literally ca n't even drink filter coffee or french press ( let alone instant ! ), 
  - only proper coffees like espressos , flat whites or long macchiatos ... 
  i tend to drink long macchs topped up as my general go to coffee - a bit more kick than a flat white , but not as strong as a straight up long macch or espresso . 
  ok , so it 's a big country town, 
  people have used gay as a term to describe homosexual behaviour for many years - i think the dad meant gay literally in this case . 
  if he was actually the kid 's dad . 
  it is an acronym meaning islamic state in iraq and syria ; other names for them are isil ( islamic state in iraq and the levant ) , daesh ( apparently an arabic acronym which they hate ) and is ( their preferred nomenclature , standing simply for islamic state ) . 
  they are an insurgent/terrorist group that is descended from al-qaeda in iraq , a group that arose to fight the coalition troops in iraq post-gulf war 2 that spread to fight in the syrian civil war against bashar al-asad 's regime where they drew various other insurgent groups under their banner . 
  they are hardline salafist sunni muslims whose main hatred is for the shia whom they view as apostates ( al-asad is from a group that is a sub-branch of the shia branch of islam ) which is why iran and hezbollah are fighting them . 
  their ultimate aim is to create a new caliphate , or islamic state , throughout all muslim lands . 
  so far they hold a large contiguous area within iraq and syria . 
  they originally came to notice fighting the majority shia iraqi regime/government of nouri al-maliki in sunni dominated regions of iraq , during which battles they beat the iraqi security forces convincingly , capturing large amounts of military equipment ( much of it us donated to iraq ) and huge swathes of territory including major cities such as mosul and areas that hold large oil reserves . 
  they also attacked regions where religious minorities such as the yazidi live . 
  everywhere they have captured they have inflicted atrocities on non-sunni muslims . 
  their expansion was stopped by the kurds who provided the only effective resistance thus far . 
  it was kurdish fighters who recently defeated them in kobane , the siege of which city was a long running news story . 
  they are notorious for beheading western hostages and now burning prisoners including the jordanian f-16 pilot recently in the news . 
  recently they have suffered heavy losses and military defeats due to western air power support . 
  the iraqi security forces are currently gearing up to attack again soon . 
  of course they can be beaten , but it will require significant time and resources as well as a plan for what follows . 
  simply defeating them militarily will leave the tensions in the region , both religious and ethnic , extant and inevitably another similar fight will break out without a political solution to accompany the military effort .
