  and the british brought cricket , you * have * to give them that !, 
  britain and india grew up together , now they are diplomatic and cultural friends and equals on the world stage . 
  let 's not rewrite history for the sake of a chip on the shoulder of a few grumpy nationalists , shall we ? 
  i will not argue that andreessen 's remarks were anything other than highly offensive , bigoted , paternalism or facebook 's intentions anything less than commercial neo-colonialism , but sir please do not deny the british empire it 's due . 
  edit : forgot a word, 
  also , your sources support my supposition that india 's gdp was less than china 's , which similarly suffered a massive downwards shift in terms of % of global gdp as europe industrialised despite not being colonised . 
  they confirm india 's share of global gdp was due to its population too , but also state the average annual income of an indian in 1600 ce was less than half that of a typical roman * 1500 years earlier * !, 
  if anything your sources do more to support the case that the raj was not responsible for india 's `` loss '' of global gdp share , but that what happened was global productivity and thus gdp grew massively whilst india 's , by nature of its economy , did not . 
  seeing as i have already completely debunked your wishful thinking around whether or not india would have developed any more rapidly without the raj it follows this 23 % -  1 % gdp ranting ( which i have seen referenced by indian redditors before ) is not the british 's fault , but an effect of india 's agrarian culture ... 
  in other words using those figures to try to ungratefully malign the raj is at best a disingenuous shibboleth , but more likely a vicious , deliberate attempt to slander britain whilst diverting attention from india 's real problems of wilful backwardness and endemic corruption . 
  thanks for the sources . 
  beautiful confirmation of what i was able to work out using logic . 
  you should try it sometime . 
  logic that is . 
  i think it 's sweet that she took her husband 's work home for him like that . 
  he oppresses people in palestine ; she does it chez netanyahu . 
  what i was saying was that a comparison with china demonstrates what * probably * would have happened in india without the raj . 
  both started out around the same ( china 29 % instead of 23 % ) and fell similarly despite china not having needed external guidance to form a centralised government and thus never having been colonised . 
  i do not believe the british `` tamed '' the wild natives . 
  this may surprise you , but much of the subcontinent had been highly cultured for a very long time , just fractured politically and very agrarian . 
  those indian peoples who were still `` wild '' - eg the pathans in the north - resolutely refused to be tamed by the british anymore than they had by the mughals or rajputs before them !, 
  certainly the british profited in india , but india benefitted too . 
  compare india to iran . 
  iran was never a colony , but it only developed because its modern economy is bolstered by oil . 
  india does not have oil to fund it in the vast quantities iran does , yet india is more developed in many ways than iran . 
  better infrastructure . 
  more industry . 
  so if you look at neighbouring countries - i have given china and iran as examples - that did not enjoy british patronage you see that in comparison india has done very well imo when all factors are considered . 
  i 'm sorry if my choice of words offended you , but my understanding is that corruption is a major issue in india . 
  foreign investment is limited by bribery concerns , you have corrupt local government and law enforcement working together to facilitate sand mafias and other forms of land theft ( often all different members of the same family working the scam together ... ) and many similar examples abound . 
  as you say , i am sure you can list many more examples than i can dream of . 
  i did not mean inherently endemic to the indian nature/culture , just that it 's a major problem now . 
  i think i 've been a bit insensitive in my language , but i do not think indians are backwards people and i admire india 's progress despite its difficulties . 
  i greatly admire how india has stayed united and not balkanised despite the huge variety in its peoples . 
  i certainly do not think andreessen 's comments were justified , balanced or worth anything other than contempt . 
  there was no eu during wwii . 
  european countries were all fighting each other then . 
  pakistan is in south asia fyi ( if nobody else has told you the correct answer yet that is , if they have then please ignore ) . 
  they 're not , you just see a lot of negative stereotyping via the media without sufficient interactions with real black people to counterbalance it . 
  it is one element of what is known as [ institutional racism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/institutional_racism ) . 
  in this case the institutions involved are the media , social services and law enforcement all of whom treat blacks differently from whites in a negative manner . 
  the police interact more aggressively with black people than white so more blacks get arrested and then , on top of that , these arrests are reported on disproportionately , giving the impression that more black people are criminals than really are . 
  that is not to disregard the fact that many blacks are from economically disadvantaged backgrounds and have suffered lower standards of education with the predictable result that , per capita , blacks do commit more offences than some other racial groups , but that is because of their social disadvantages and not because black people are inherently more inclined towards criminal behaviour or violence . 
  handy thing to have . 
  we had a company of fallschirmj\u00e4ger in the back garden the other month and were having a hard time getting rid of them until we captured a couple , were able to identify them as paratroopers and adjusted our tactics accordingly . 
  if we 'd had a guide like this we would have identified them the first time we spotted one and brought the armour in earlier instead of trying to flush them out with light infantry . 
  jk obviously , please excuse my little joke . 
  this is a cool find . 
  i have a bunch of aircraft identification guides , but have not seen any for infantry before . 
  that 's what happens to people who spend fours years majoring in art history only to get stuck working with nothing more artistic than the top of a latt\u00e9 ... 
  how cool it is depends on whether or not they build loos . 
  let 's keep our fingers crossed . 
  what about when you 're at a restaurant or something ? 
  do you just use the hand basin ? 
  how would your random selection cull work exactly ? 
  how would people be picked ? 
  how would you avoid corruption ? 
  what would be the execution process ? 
  the education method is clearly not working so let 's consider your alternate solutions . 
  you have an appropriate username for the topic . 
  without having read your sources , i notice from the title that india is hoping to reach replacement levels of fertility in four years . 
  that is excellent . 
  however , the current population is already too large , is it not ? 
  would you consider offering tourist packages to hunters keen to bag an indian ? 
  that would be an excellent source of revenue for the country . 
  it seems that as well as affirmative action programs for helping dalits and obcs improve themselves , some kind of program to make brahmins and other high castes take on their caste 's share of poop control is also necessary . 
  are you taller because your mum had an affair with an englishman ? 
  is that it ? 
  only americans assume it 's their currency . 
  most educated people in western nations have an idea of the relative cost of living in other countries . 
  it actually really is n't that hard to do the comparison in your head . 
  one australian dollar is about $ 0.70 usd at the moment . 
  australia is more expensive than usa in some ways - we do n't have walmart , housing is expensive , we pay a lot for consumer items due to long distance shipping to a small population , etc - and cheaper in others - we have free healthcare , pay less tax , pay much less for education , etc. 
  $ 1.00 aud is about # 0.50 ukp . 
  costs of living are higher in the uk ( depending on where you live ) , wages usually lower , but you get free healthcare and pay around the same tax . 
  even though wages are lower per hour relative to expenses if you go from australia to the uk and manage to save what you bring home is worth more due to the exchange rate . 
  europe varies depending on where you are , but spain has low pay and low cost of living , as does much of italy . 
  germany you earn a bit less , pay a bit more tax , but have a good quality of life . 
  all of these countries use the eurodollar , provide free healthcare and cheap education . 
  scandinavia you pay a lot of tax , but the state then provides a lot of services ... 
  asia is cheap if you have a western income , but you earn little and the state does very little for you . 
  obviously asia is huge and exchange rates and costs of living by index vary widely between say laos and japan , but i could give you a rough comparison , good enough , for most of asia . 
  the only lace i have no understanding of is much of africa because poverty there is on another level . 
  this is all pretty widely known general knowledge . 
  as i said , it really is not that hard . 
  my examples got less specific as i went on because there is a limit to how much i want to write , but suffice to say i am not alone amongst a lot of people in a lot of countries who could go on to fill in a lot of the world in terms of income/expenses in relative global terms ... 
  no , they stole the land of * palestine * from the palestinians . . 
  thinks it 's the 1st century ad . 
  and it just happens that , in the south , the ghost of xmas past is , of course , a klansman . 
  if they have a mandate to respond to aggression and roe that do n't prevent them from returning fire then they 'll stick around . 
  if observers on israel 's lebanese or syrian borders * ever * responded to idf ceasefire breaches against hezbollah soldiers or the saa ca n't you imagine the howls of protest and vociferous cries of `` anti-semitism '' that would immediately ensue ? 
  even in the most recent incident where the idf killed the spanish peacekeeper on the lebanese border the un peacekeepers were * not allowed * to defend themselves !, 
  under such circumstances can you blame them for not sticking around when the action starts getting hot and heavy ? 
  given that , are you suggesting with your comment that the un forces have their roe changed such that they 're allowed to intercede when they observe aggression from either side ( eg hezbollah fires on idf troops say ) , or even just defend themselves ( eg return fire when the idf kills a peacekeeper ) ? 
  that * would * be ideal . 
  i 'm sure the peacekeepers would prefer it too . 
  in srebrenica they were literally not allowed to step in , which was ridiculous . 
  that was very distressing for the dutch troops , having to stand by and do nothing . 
  of course they were also heavily outgunned so the peacekeeping forces would have to be bolstered sufficiently that they could engage either side decisively to end outbreaks of violence . 
  again , i see this as an ideal solution .
