  edit : i can take the downvotes , but just so people do n't think i 'm judging israelis unfairly let me add that i see all those who would murder defenceless people as evil , be they palestinian , israeli or from bloody timbuktu . 
  there 's a video that shows * exactly * what u/im __ bruce_wayne __ ama described happening if you 're interested ? 
  i can dig the link up for you if you 're not good with googling stuff . 
  edit : repeated myself in the first sentence . 
  maybe that 's why my helpful offer is being downvoted ? 
   immigrants who come back peacefully seeking the right to self-determination and who are willing to share the land in an area with no state, 
  this is a profoundly dishonest way to describe the zionist colonisation of palestine . 
  for a start , `` peacefully '' and `` seeking the right to self-determination '' are entirely oxymoronic in this case . 
  the zionists were prepared to use whatever means were necessary to seize control of the land in order to gain their self-determination at the cost of the indigenous population and prepared to fight for it long , long before the british withdrawal provided them the opportunity to enact their plans . 
  secondly there was only no palestinian state primarily because the zionist 's terrorist organisations had so disrupted the normal pattern of post-colonial withdrawal that it was impossible to form one from the mandate , as had been the original intention and as was happening at that period in history all over the world as european colonialism collapsed under its own weight post-wwii . 
  the very concept of the nation state is a modern european construct less than three centuries old and only realised in europe properly post-wwi as the great european continental empires were broken up in the aftermath of that war . 
  prior to '47 there was indian state as legal entity , but would you deny there was an indian nation ? 
  in the same way as india was created from the raj , palestine would have been created from the mandate were it not for the zionists disruptive influence in the area . 
  the zionists being `` willing to share the land '' may , prima facie , sound reasonable ; however , when you consider that it had never previously been theirs to share , the hollowness of that statement rings ever louder . 
  it is also dishonest in and of itself . 
  many ( though admittedly not all ) zionists - the best example being the vile ze'ev jabotinsky - were agitating for a nation that was purely jewish in character and composition and `` peaceful coexistence '' had no place in such peoples ' ideological vision . 
  on the other hand it is certainly true that the zionist settlers * did * bring great skills and economic benefits , as jewish populations have always tended to do anywhere they have lived through history . 
  had an accommodation between the zionists and the native inhabitants been reached there would have been benefits for both without a doubt and it is a great shame no such accommodation was reached . 
  i 'm not going to go into more detail now , but suffice to say the zionist vision is not a bad thing in and of itself . 
  i simply have reservations regarding the methods used to achieve their vision in the form of israel 's foundation , and even more so with the type of historical revisionism i just discussed . 
  it would be much better if people would just call a spade a bloody spade and not try to obfuscate the ugly truth imo . 
  seeing as i support israel 's continued right to self-determination , simply admitting the truth of things would silence a great deal of my criticisms of certain zionists from the 19th century to the present day . 
   except for the on-the-spot-death-penalties the idf are handing out these days , of course . 
    forgot your / s tag bro . 
  you think so ? 
  how is it that so few of the scores of * alleged * `` stab attackers '' have been successfully disarmed and arrested , but instead such a high percentage had to have deadly force applied to stop them ? 
  ( such people are , and will always remain now they can not be tried in a court of law , `` alleged '' attackers ... ), 
  women , children and even the men have all acting alone against groups of soldiers who are heavily armed and wearing body armour , but these supposedly well-trained , well-disciplined soldiers * had * to kill so very many of them ? 
  how would you describe elor azaria 's crime if not that he took it up himself to act as his victim 's judge , jury and executioner ? 
  some of the other cases ' facts are even murkier , with video showing idf troops planting knives and very disputable `` facts '' in other that will never reach trial because the accused are all dead . 
  ( edit : it turns out i was not entirely correct in what i originally wrote , so i have corrected the genuine mistakes originally present - thanks u/zachoffables . ), 
  football - bend it like beckham, 
  anything by james ellroy is always excellent - his most famous books are probably * la confidential * and * the black dahlia * , but really you can pick any of his books up and be guaranteed a good book . 
  ( yes , i have read them all ! ), 
  michael connolly 's `` harry bosch '' series is very good for a more modern protagonist - where * most * of ellroy 's oeuvre is set in classic '40s - '60s noir la , harry bosch is a modern lapd detective . 
  for a british author ( if you prefer ) ian rankin is excellent - he has two main ( interwoven ) recurring characters , one being the well-known ( thanks to the tv series ) john rebus with his more recent books featuring malcolm fox ( as rebus has now aged into partial retirement ) . 
  there are a rash of great european crime/mystery writers out there . 
  notable amongst them are the `` nordic noir '' authors henning mankell ( wallander series ) and jo nesb\u00f8 ( harry hole series ) . 
  also * very * good is french author pierre lemaitre who has written a quite brilliant trilogy about paris detective , commandant verhoevan . 
  ( these authors have all been translated into english . ), 
  i could rattle on and on here , but if you check those guys out i am sure you will find something to your taste . 
  edit : also really quite good are `` robert galbraith 's '' ( aka jk rowling ) cormoron strike books . 
  there are three now iirc and even as a non-harry potter fan ( they have nothing to do with hp , i just mean not as an existing jkr fan ) are well-written books that tell a good tale . 
  edit 2 : another all time classic american author in this vein is the late , great elmore leonard . 
  again , always worth reading !, 
  ha ha , i was going to proffer `` european settlement of the americas '' to tweak the seppoes noses . 
  i * knew * something from that thread would end up here !, 
  corrected - thanks for pointing that out . 
  you 're right , i should have checked first . 
  i usually do , that 's why i appreciated your comment and edited my op to reflect the information you provided . 
  i only aim to discuss the facts surrounding the issues so that others , less well versed in the circumstances than you or i ( as examples ) , might make up their minds . 
  i genuinely have zero interest in propagating anything that is incontrovertibly untrue , it does n't help in any way and there are enough people muddying the waters as it is . 
  martin cruz smith 's books are very good too , as is * miss smilla * - they 're both worthy additions , definitely . 
  with jo nesb\u00f8 i would caution that two of his books are not as good as the others which are consistently good imo . 
  ( those two being * the bat * and * the son * - * the bat * was his first harry hole novel and not up to his later standards and * the son * reads like an old , unpublished work given a quick rewarming to cash in on the hh series 's success , i finished neither which is rare for me ... ), 
   bill clinton blamed him entirely for the lack of peace . 
  [ unfairly ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/jul/17/comment.davidhirst ) most non-israeli observers agree ... 
  except that when the zionist terrorists committed their atrocities there was no occupation , at least not of territory that was theirs as almost all were recent immigrants . 
  however , it is true that zionist atrocities 70 years ago certainly do not excuse palestinian attacks against civilians today . 
  put simply terrorism is as unacceptable then as it was now and vice versa . 
  nonetheless , it is important that the memory of the horrors that accompanied israel 's founding are not allowed to be brushed under the carpet as the ongoing disinformation campaign aimed at delegitimising the palestinian people 's rights attempts to gain their own self-determination constantly tries to do . 
  as much as i support israel 's continued right to self-determination and security i do not believe it should come at such great cost to the palestinians , who are equally worthy of their own self-determination . 
  remembering the circumstances of israel 's creation is one way to ensure that the moral high ground is not falsely occupied by those who have committed atrocities quite equal to those they now suffer - important because the moral high ground is so very important in the battle for public perception . 
  edit : added final sentence . 
  oh , so independent analysis is to be trusted less than that of those with a vested interest in pushing a certain narrative ? 
  you can trust whomever you feel is the most reliable source . 
  i am not trying to change your mind ( that would be pointless as it seems to already be made up ) , rather i am just making alternative perspectives available for those of us who have manage to maintain open minds on the issues . 
  perhaps they do , perhaps they do n't . 
  they 're certainly less wound up in it than any of the participants - clinton is a proven liar aiming to protect his political legacy ( and perhaps his wife 's aipac funding ? 
  ) , the israeli government 's vested interests are obvious as are those of fatah . 
  you can doubt my openness all you like , it does n't matter . 
  as i said , i aim only to provide some balance in these discussions . 
  i am actually an avowed zionist who believes firmly in israel 's right to self-determination and states so regularly . 
  i simply * also * believe the palestinians deserve the same . 
  as i have explained to others , despite what you might think , my username refers to the [ sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) - the world 's first known terrorists - and is a commentary on the cyclical nature of violence . 
  these guys were ultra-extremist jews who went around stabbing other jews in public ( literal stabby rabbis ) to cause terror , until they laughably thought they might try taking on the romans and , entirely predictably , had their arses handed to them by the legions of the great titus flavius caesar . 
  they ultimately surrendered after fleeing jerusalem and hiding out in one of herod 's pleasure palaces , masada . 
  ( that is what the archaeological record indicates , although titus 's tame historian , flavius josephus , tells some fairy story about a mass suicide . ), 
  it 's just interesting how they invented terrorism millennia ago and now it 's returned to haunt their descendants ... 
  unfortunately many commenters in this sub are n't well enough educated about history to pick up on the reference ans so i find myself repeatedly having to explain it , which grows very tiresome . 
  if i could have a do-over believe me i would ; however , i ca n't so i 'm stuck with it . 
  that 's very reasonable . 
  to be fair , the idf actually seems , as an institution , to be quite `` clean '' in these kind of matters , or perhaps i should say has not allowed itself to be dominated and subverted by israel 's burgeoning political extreme right wing . 
  ( ie the religious nationalist movement that makes up azaria 's support base and with which he has been associated . ), 
  i think op meant the largest absolute number of gingers are in the us , rather than the more commonly used gingers per capita ( gpc ) measure . 
  however , in the title he then used the us 's gpc percentage instead of the absolute number to illustrate his newly acquired knowledge . 
  even 2 % ( taking the lowest end of his range ) of the us 's 300m is going to be more than 13 % of scotland 's population of 10 % of ireland 's . 
  you consider the jewish home and other religious nationalist settler groups moderate ? 
  c # - i 'm a software engineering professional . 
  needs more anchovies . 
  my old rottie used to get really anxious whenever we 'd swim in the pool - whenever she could only see our heads bobbing around she 'd run laps around its edge , barking loudly . 
  i think they sometimes just do n't get where we disappear to under the water . 
   on the plus side , at least they 've upped the cap on maximum house price to 750k - for a long time it was $ 500k , which was idiotic considering it 's well short of the average house price in most cities . 
  what cap on maximum house prices is that ? 
  the lion , the witch and the wardrobe series is what i first clearly remember reading . 
  i tore through those books , being rewarded with the next in series as i finished each , and have been reading ever since . 
  ok , i get you now . 
  you just did n't mention the fhg before and afaik there is no legislation that caps actual property prices . 
  out of interest , do you know whether the stamp duty cap been lifted as well ? 
  agree totally re : stamp duty .
