  i have never seen a dev or admin call themselves a computer scientist , even if that 's what their qualifications are ( ie they studied computer scientist ) . 
  i am a developer and have never considered myself a computer scientist ; however , someone doing research into machine learning or quantum computing * is * a computer scientist . 
  in short , if you studied comp . 
  sci . 
  you are not necessarily a computer scientist , but people doing actual science with computers do deserve the title ( even if , as is quite likely , they studied physics , mathematics or another related field rather than comp . 
  sci . 
  per se ) . 
  america uses the city itself , while we use the entire metropolitan area . 
  the city of perth , for example , has ~ 21k people living within it 's bounds , but the population of perth is quoted as 1.83 m. 
  as someone else mentions , by that same metric there are 62 in the usa . 
  let 's hope it 's the war crimes investigation the entire world has been hoping and praying for . 
  he just guides their moral code , and what pass for their consciences . 
  that 's one example , but then minneapolis is counted as having 400k , whereas the entire urban area of minneapolis-st paul has 3.3 m. 
  likewise both chicago or nyc proper cover significantly less area than either perth or sydney , despite having larger populations just within the city and massively larger populations in the greater metropolitan area . 
  i think californian cities and melbourne are probably the exception rather than the typical case . 
  edit : even the la example does n't really hold up because in australia we 'd count the valley and other adjoining , contiguous conurbations as part of the major city . 
  the population of the greater la area vs city of la , or the bay area vs sf proper for that matter , is a fraction of the whole . 
  here we always count the whole . 
  melbourne is relatively compact though . 
  perth spreads  120km up and down the coast ; sydney spreads of for miles in every direction too . 
  that 's why i said ca cities and melbourne are the exception rather than the rule . 
  anyway , the original claim was unrelated to population density : it was that australia has 5 cities  1m whereas the us only has 10 . 
  in those terms the different way of deciding what is part of the city is entirely relevant . 
  minneapolis-st paul is not counted , but here it would be . 
  what does hazirim mean ? 
  the guy i was replying to said australia had 5 cities of over 1m population whereas the us only had ten as per the til ; i just pointed out that we measure city size differently . 
  for perth at least - the example i gave - only 20k live in city of perth . 
  however , perth 's population is always listed as 1.8 m. 
  if us cities were measured as perth is there would be many more than ten us cities over 1m population . 
  that is literally all i was saying . 
  at this point i do n't really get what point you 're even trying to make , let alone what relevance it has to the original claim that australia anomalously has 1/2 as many cities over 1m than the us ( despite our having only 1/15 the population ) . 
  but look , if you want to think australia has a disproportionately large number of large cities , then please be my guest . 
  thanks , good to know !, 
  just checked your map , and the area of `` melbourne '' you sectioned off in your path is 191km ^ ^ 2 . 
  so how many people live in that 36km ^ ^ 2 section of melbourne you want to use for comparison ? 
  yeah ok , if that 's what you want to think i said , like i said to the other guy , go right ahead mate . 
  of all the pointless arguments ... 
  all i said is that using the same population counting technique australia does not have 1/2 as many cities with populations over 1m as america , because by our means of counting population they have many more than 10 . 
  either we have fewer , or they have more . 
  who gaf anyway ? 
  it 's not some pissing contest between us and them - they have 15x our population ... 
  it 's the same as paris - less than 1m live * in * paris ; however , 12m ( iirc , this is off the top of my head and it 's not even 7am here right now so forgive me if these figures are n't 100 % spot on - they are certainly in the right ballpark at least ) live in the greater paris area including the city itself and the banlieu surrounding it . 
  here we count by greater urban area population ; other places count by people within the city limits . 
  just look at wikipedia - sydney and melbourne are both over 4.5 m , but chicago is 2.7 m. 
  in the greater chicago area though it 's something like 10m . 
  you can not honestly believe that more people live in melbourne or sydney than chicago , surely ? 
  la is given as 3.9 m - is la less populous than melbourne or sydney too ? 
  from wikipedia , on australian city population measurements :, 
   each capital city forms its own greater capital city statistical area ( gccsa ) , which according to the australian bureau of statistics ( abs ) represents a broad socioeconomic definition of each of the eight state and territory capital cities . 
  these correspond to the more common and international usage of * metropolitan areas * . 
  [ emphasis my own . ], 
  just learn some skills . 
  nunchuck skills ... bowhunting skills ... computer hacking skills ... 
  girls only want boyfriends who have great skills !, 
  not * too * respectful i hope . 
  being in different houses i should imagine any arguments will be should the bump into each other at the caf\u00e9 anyway , which sadly probably wo n't be televised for the australian public 's viewing pleasure . 
  * the * original pho ? 
  preserved like uncle ho ? 
  or an example of the original style ? 
  sorry , your title was n't misleading - i was making a ( lame ) joke . 
  it looks delicious and exactly like the first ph\u1edf i ever ate , which was in hanoi too . 
  i 'm * pretty * sure that no foreign student is able to claim * any * centrelink payment ... 
  i also think they * do * pay tax on their earnings , but work what are effectively unpaid hours on top of those recorded in the business 's accounts . 
  the education industry is a huge earner aussie export dollars , but these students should n't be pandered to too much despite their economic significance . 
  what do they expect in terms of fees ? 
  to be able to earn enough to cover them ? 
  that 's not the intention of student visa working provisions . 
  if they can get an education of equal quality and prestige elsewhere for less , then it 's an open market and there is nothing compelling them to study here . 
  there is certainly * nothing * compelling them to work for under award wages , other than their own willingness to do so and the exploitative practices of some employers ( often , disappointingly , from the exploited person 's own culture - ie indians exploit indians , chinese exploit chinese - as judged from both reading the news and anecdotal evidence from recent immigrants i know personally ) . 
  the legislation and protective bodies exist to prevent this , but if both parties participate willingly it is very opaque to outside scrutiny . 
  i agree these students should not be exploited , but to point their fingers at `` australian working conditions '' even as their willingness to work below award subverts those conditions rubs me up the wrong way , i must admit . 
  i replied with a top level comment addressing this very issue , but yes - largely my position is similar to yours . 
  i do have basic human sympathy for anyone being exploited ; what i have no sympathy for is those people then blaming the australian system , which they are actively subverting in collusion with others from their own culture ( most often ) !, 
  particularly pertinent today in fact , as demagoguery is on the rise in politics throughout the world ... 
  in fact , to be 100 % certain we need you to go through the r/gonewild mod verification process as they are pretty stringent . 
  show us * that * and we 'll believe the shit out of this post ... 
  aye , but what 's it got to do with the price of fish in grimsby ? 
  you realise that even at these insanely low prices and despite the high quality of nz cheddar ( as we in australia enjoy regularly ) , nz can not export cheddar to the us because it is naturally coloured , not orange , and strict cultural taboos exist in many parts of the usa around the eating of naturally coloured cheeses ? 
  simple : i reddit at work , leaving me free to enjoy my real personal life and hobbies in my own time . 
  i live in australia and work a 38hr week on salary anyway , with twenty days paid annual leave , ten personal days ( for illness or other pressing personal matters ) and eleven public holidays a year too , which means i have a reasonable amount of free time anyway . 
  d'oh , i should have checked properly ha ha , the difference is clear now you 've pointed it out . 
  thanks for pointing out the differences though . 
  they 're also training rounds too , are n't they ? 
  ( blue bands , not yellow . ), 
  is that a big rack of something white on that album cover , under her rack ? 
  yes please !, 
  ( looks beggingly at board , drooling slightly ... ), 
  tom yum - was ever a dish more aptly named ( for meaning across languages ) ? 
  no longer the words used , though iirc they kept the tune ... 
  australia , for its typically understated and laconic delivery , if nothing else . 
  here it is considered * deeply * suspect if anyone knows any verses past the first , and positively unpatriotic to do anything other than mumble through them whenever national anthem singing time rolls around . 
  probably the dalmatian coast , specifically one of the islands of split , and probably brac of those islands . 
  in the town of bol to be precise . 
  [ here 's why ] ( http://www.bracinfo.com/island-brac-photos.htm ) in part , but i love everything about the area from the cuisine , to how friendly the people are and how laid-back is the lifestyle . 
  and this is why you just do n't do meth , kids . 
  i wonder how well that went down south of the mason-dixon . 
  i also wonder if advertising such as this , from the '50s , helped encourage the open-mindedness that emerged in the '60s as the kids such posters were aimed at matured ? 
  it 's definitely the case that it was those earlier types which literally turned the tide , especially over midway where the ijn suffered crippling losses to its carrier fleet at the hands of the dauntlesses protected by wildcats : the hellcat entered ( usn carrier at least ) service well before the corsair though and is credited with first creating the air superiority increasingly enjoyed by the us as the war wore on . 
  as i said , * one of the weapons * that turned the tide . 
  she looks like an ingrid , certainly has the face for it .
