  anyway , that quick google i did for you is making me believe in the troll factories again !, 
  so many different stories actually . 
  not just one repackaged at all . 
  well , the answer is yes . 
  [ here is the first result from a google search ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-01-19/six-hezbollah-fighters-killed-in-israeli-airstrike/6024104 ) . 
  now the idf claim they were `` preparing for an attack on israel '' , but given that it was in syria , hezbollah and iran are fighting isis in syria and the last time hezbollah and israel fought was nine years ago in the 2006 war you will , perhaps , forgive my healthy scepticism ... 
  in any case whether the idf truly * believed * the hezbollah and iranian fighters were in syria to attack israel or not , or indeed whether or not they * even were * planning to attack israel my original statement that idf air strikes kill off the groups fighting isis is incontrovertibly true , by israel 's own admission . 
  whether or not their intent is to help isis or not , helping isis is the net effect . 
  actually both american and australian skinheads copied british skins and if anything the australian skins are closer to the british originals given how many british skins moved here , to australia ... 
  the harley is obviously american , but we have plenty of home grown bikies here too . 
  i very much doubt this guy is going for an americana look . 
  got to say i * like * halevy . 
  in fact i like any member , especially senior ( serving or ex ) , of any state 's security/intelligence apparatus who is willing to contradict that state 's commander-in-chief on issues they consider worth publicly criticising the c-i-c over . 
  i like it when it happens in australia ( as it has in recent memory , primarily over issues connected to gwot & 5-eyes ) and i like it when halevy does so . 
  always serves to remind us all that holding public position does n't preclude keeping a conscience . 
  ha , most of them were n't even aussies and those that were did n't seem the reading anything sort !, 
  not the article they were `` responding to '' , let alone the bloody constitution !, 
  religious freedom and it 's involvement or lack thereof in the government of australia was n't their concern let me assure you . 
  we that do are very lucky ; it 's something we should n't take for granted which is another reason to applaud those who do have something that needs to be said and raise their voices !, 
  i may not agree with everyone who comments in this sub , but i 'm glad we 're all free to enjoy the discussions we share . 
  of course the downside is the nasty , bigoted hate-speech that some people spout , but that 's the price we pay and imo the nuggets of intelligence and reason are worth that price ... 
  more beautiful than disney princesses imo . 
  edit : removed a word that was confusing some people, 
  well then , you 're halfway there !, 
  start by ** never ** having made a post like this !, 
  i was in canberra on the weekend for an easter long weekend family get away . 
  we were staying at a hotel called the canberra rex on northbourne avenue , a couple of blocks from what passed for the `` city centre '' . 
  the rex was a nice hotel . 
  although it was built in the 1960s , it was being renovated floor by floor . 
  i 'd checked out pictures on google street view and the renovated rooms looked great , with big flat screens and nice modern fittings including usb charger plugs next to the beds and stuff . 
  it was the weekend of the canberra national folk festival and the lobby was full of hippies when i went to check in . 
  `` no worries '' i thought , `` those fuckers will be at their folk festival most of the weekend . 
  `` they 'll hardly bother me at all . '', 
  i grabbed my key from the receptionist , picked up my bags and walked to the lift . 
  the renovation crews had n't reached the lifts yet , but no matter . 
  or so i thought ... 
  the lift looked really crappy . 
  `` this place must have been a dump until they fixed up ! '', 
  was just going through my mind when the lift shuddered , clanked and stopped . 
  that thought was replaced with a worried `` fuck me sideways '' . 
  i went to the lift door and pulled it as hard as i could ; slowly i managed to move it until a crack appeared , one that widened until i could squeeze my way through it out of the bloody lift , but onto a floor that definitely was not yet renovated . 
  i 'd been right ; before being renovated the rex was a shithole . 
  a brief shudder went down my spine as i walked down the corridor . 
  not original '60s , it had maybe been refreshed in the late '80s or early '90s . 
  it was bad and there was a funny smell i could n't place at first until a strong waft hit me . 
  it was incense . 
  `` what the actual fuck , who burns * incense * ? '', 
  suddenly there was a loud klang behind me . 
  i turned quickly , but it was too late : the lift door was shut and i could hear the lift moving away . 
  desperately i mashed the button , but it would n't light again then i saw the other coming down ... only to go straight past my fucking floor . 
  `` shiiit '' i groaned , `` there must be some stairs ... '' by now i just wanted to kick my shoes off , crack a coldie and turn on that big lcd as i lay back in comfort . 
  so , despite the increasingly strong smell of incense and the mouldy , dank vibe to the corridor i set off boldly , searching for my way off that floor . 
  soon enough i found the stairs , but the door was fucking locked . 
  no lift , now no stairs . 
  was i trapped on this manky , munted floor ? 
  how could i reach my nice room ? 
  suddenly i had a brainwave . 
  all i needed to do was knock on a door and ask to use their phone to call reception . 
  sweet . 
  i walked to the closest door with sounds coming from under it . 
  as i approached the door and knocked the smell of incense grew overpoweringly strong . 
  nauseatingly so when the door slowly swung open . 
  literally so , a little bit of chunder actually came up my oesophageal canal , but by then it was too late and worse still in my nauseous confusion i was powerless to resist as a tie-dyed arm pulled me through the door . 
  the sound of a folk song being played on an acoustic guitar stopped as a circle of hippies looked up from where they sat on the floor . 
  silently screaming i turned to run out , but the door was shut !, 
  `` you look a bit crook mate '' a hippie said , `` do you want some lentils ? '', 
  not ww2 , but i love the sabre . 
  was at temora museum in nsw , australia last weekend where they have a beautiful , airworthy avon-engined cac sabre ( australian built sabre with roll-royce avon engine ) that sadly has just been grounded because martin-baker wo n't support the ejection seat any more !, 
  would have loved to see it fly , but they did fly a genuine ww2 jet in the shape of a gloster meteor , a mk viii spitfire , the last flying lockheed hudson in the world and a couple of unique aussie ww2 planes - the cac boomerang fighter and cac wirraway army cooperation/support aircraft ( license built harvard/texan with a more powerful engine and 3-bladed prop ) . 
  great flying day . 
  i 'm pretty sure he means talk with your gf , not beyonc\u00e9 ... 
  i 'm not trying to disagree with you here because obviously this is a long way from a nice , flat , smooth permanent way , but the [ diolkos ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/diolkos ) across the isthmus of corinth way an ancient , stone trackway used to drag boats fbetween the aegean and ionian seas that demonstrates that conceptually a railway was understood by the ancient greeks as well . 
  to create something similar , but efficient enough to allow the passage of heavy vehicles over distance at speed is obviously far beyond their capabilities ; however , * had * they developed steam power beyond what were - if my memory serves me right - the ancient equivalent of executive desk toys rather than actual work producing engines we could certainly be further along already . 
  there are an awful lot of ifs and thens and maybes in that statement though and the simple fact is that they did n't and would have had to cross many significant technological hurdles ( probably most significantly in metallurgy and industrial manufacturing - the basic physics and civil engineering required was clearly well within their capabilities ! ), 
  to have been able to so . 
  more plausible and hence ( imo at least ) more intriguing is the thought of what they might have achieved with static steam engines and where that may have led relatively quickly even as basic labour saving devices . 
  the industrial revolution did n't jump straight into steam trains and achieved massive breakthroughs even before it did . 
  when i visited the archaeological museum in athens my favourite exhibit was far and away [ the antikythera mechanism ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/antikythera_mechanism ) , an amazing artefact that clearly demonstrates ancient greek inventiveness and manufacturing abilities . 
  and then his comment just confused matters so much you stopped understanding ? 
  or 1-2 copies of the jsf in modern terms . 
  other nations also used both types post-ww2 - the corsair was used by countries like nz and the french used the hellcat in indochina . 
  i love watching preserved corsairs flying , amazing presence . 
  i 'm glad that at least of those few that survived still fly ... 
  you should x-post this to / r/wwiiplanes . 
  they 'd love it there !, 
  tr\u00e9s risqu\u00e9 , but damn i wish she was showing off her ankles, 
  that 's amazing . 
  i read [ the book * cod * ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/64895.cod ) a few years ago written at a time when cod had gone from being so numerous that catching them just required dropping a basket into the waters of newfoundland to having a commercial fishing ban enforced to prevent extinction in little over 100yrs . 
  it 's great to read this now , maybe 10yrs later . 
  not only is it an inspiring story from an ecological/conservation perspective , but codfish is absolutely delicious !, 
  i watched [ temora aviation museum 's ] ( http://www.aviationmuseum.com.au/ ) cac boomerang flying last weekend , i have pictures if anyone 's interested ? 
  they were flying their cac wirraway too , which is a licence built texan/harvard with a more powerful engine , a couple of machine guns and a 3-bladed metal prop . 
  it was great to see them flying as each is the last of type that is still doing so . 
  they also flew the world 's last flying lockheed hudson , one of two flying gloster meteors and their beautiful mk viii spitfire . 
  it 's a great museum and one i 'd recommend to anybody who has the chance to visit , especially on a flying day or for their airshow !, 
  we stayed in canberra where you can also visit the australian war memorial which also has a great collection . 
  jugs are just awesome !, 
  taking mustangs instead of thunderbolts to korea post-ww2 was a dumb move seeing as the piston aircraft were soon relegated to cas support . 
  in that role the f-51 's radiator location made them very vulnerable to ground fire whereas the f-47 's suitability for the mission was already well proven during ww2 and their design significantly more survivable ... 
  yeah , he 's a great writer , i 've ready a couple more ( including * salt * which really stood out for me too ! ),
