  well then , are n't we just the same as each other after all if we 're both just talking possibilities . 
  that would be great , especially if they can be allowed to do so without vote manipulation and with arguments given as to why and where they 're `` wrong '' instead of just utterly anonymous downvotes ... 
  i must admit i do n't look at karma scores for posts , just comments as i only comment , not post . 
  you may well be correct about those scores ; however , i 've always been talking about the comment threads . 
  definitely received and furthermore appreciated . 
  i too am glad we actually discussed this without either of us descending into hectoring rhetoric , misrepresentation of each other 's position or attempted bullying !, 
  open discussion is what interests me , not mindlessly pushing an agenda . 
  obviously everybody has innate biases and i think the text only nature of comment threads tends to exacerbate these to some extent in both writers and readers of comments - face to face we 'd probably find it easier to reach a point of agreement, 
  sure that 's all anti-semitic - tbh you did n't have to quote the whole `` protocols '' playbook to get me to agree with you there , 
  that was a medley of grotesque racial stereotypes , racist tropes and outright murderous intent ; i see it as being different from mine in that mine was referencing two very specific organisations with , as i 've said ( as in sorry to repeat myself ) a documented history of undertaking extra-judicial action . 
  i do get your point though and ca n't say i disagree with it as presented at all ; however , i hope you can appreciate my reasoning also . 
  your analysis goes into far greater depth than my understanding for the reasons we 've elucidated quite clearly between us and i find your argument perfectly sound . 
  within the context of the comment threads i 'm going to return to a common theme of mine : that the very vocal , very right-wing reddit commenters do their cause as much ( in fact i 'd actually say more ) harm than good by alienating all those who are not invested heavily in one position or the other with their bullying and circle jerking . 
  i 'd even go so far as to say this might contribute to the post karma disparity that you 've identified because once people have been downvoted heavily or called an anti-semite for pointing out a factual error or asking a question with no anti-israeli ( let alone anti-semitic ) intent , their default position can easily change from an open mind to `` screw those guys '' ... 
  i 'm talking about comment themes and scores ; tbh i never post articles nor look at their scores . 
  i 've discussed this in detail with someone else whose tone was far less patronising ; if you 're genuinely interested in hearing my opinions and thinking about what goes on around this sub then read through the other comments and replies . 
  i was purely talking about comment downvotes ... 
  i do n't want to get into popular perceptions of israel vs palestine right now - i 'm at work - although i will say you are partially correct . 
  however , there is a huge caveat on that , which is that the palestinians as a people have gained popular favour - not hamas who are near universally regarded as terrorists and not a legitimate government or `` freedom fighters '' ... 
  strip club ? 
  key ring obviously ... 
  fighting the bouncers usually works out, 
  tony montana from scarface springs to mind, 
  just take some portable speakers that plug into your phone, 
  cheaper than a special protein bar , but packing the same nutrients - you should be happy !, 
  this, 
  er , look two comments up ... 
   the term `` shapeshifting '' is just referring to the fact that some jews would blend in well in palestine . '', 
  actually you were quoting the other commenter mis-paraphrasing me to be precise , so i guess * technically * you 're right . 
  canadian bacon apologises for making you gain weight, 
  til i learned unattractive women are a race, 
  just keep telling yourself that ... 
   the 52-year-old resident of changwon city ended up being the victim of what many believe is a peek into a dystopian future in which supposedly benign robots turn against their human masters, 
  except it was n't anti-semitic ... 
  what about for those times you 're sitting around in a car park , waiting to meet someone , stuff like that ? 
  or parked just down the road from someone 's house , keeping an eye on what 's going on ? 
  or even just parked up trying to mask any noises coming from the boot so passers-by do n't get sussed on you and call the cops ? 
  are you really going to sit there , for as many hours as that shit takes , * with your seatbelt on * ? 
  that 's no way to chill ... 
  they have n't actually started building yet either , although even the intention is of course inflammatory . 
  hopefully israelis will place their votes for sanity and excise likud from the fabric of their society and no harm will come from this . 
  such a large plan of work , if executed , would bring tit-for-tat atrocities and reprisals from each side in turn , an outcome that only zealots could possibly desire !, 
  female circumcision has a long tradition too ( i assume you meant male circumcision in your second paragraph ? 
  ) , but that does n't make it any better ... 
  mutilation of defenceless children is still mutilation whether or not it 's * tradition * . 
  sure the damage done to guys may be lesser , but it is still an ignorant , brutal and unnecessary practice . 
  nonetheless i think the gist of your argument expresses people 's opinions as to why the brutalisation and deformation of little boys is ok , misguided as those opinions may be . 
  no , i think you 're entirely correct in your reading of the comment and indeed he 's right in so far as his comment goes . 
  i did actually say i could see that was his point ; however imo the argument that something 's bad , but could be worse does n't justify its continuation . 
  i guess i just took what he said a bit further to discuss the morality of the issue as opposed to its practitioners delusional self-justification . 
  well fuck yeah , that 's why people * should * drive hummer in the first place !, 
  this is interesting in that they said the jordanian f-16 that crashed was n't shot down , but suffered some kind of system failure . 
  why then are they including specialist sead f-16cjs and stealthy f-22s as escorts ? 
  it does make me wonder what capability they 're concerned isis possesses or whether it 's that they still have worries about the syrian al-asad regime 's / iranian weapons systems despite the lack of reported conflict between both teams fighting isis ? 
  or is it just to stretch the f-22s wings and rack up some more ops ? 
  dad looks like he belongs in `` clerks '' as silent bob 's little brother, 
  that 's not a fuck up - that 's asserting dominance . 
  you did look her straight in the eye while drinking from the piss bottle , did n't you ? 
  yep , that genuine , signed piece of hitler rock art would go for a fortune at auction . 
  she looks like an old-timey movie star !, 
  or some form deeply ingrained neurotic fetishes ... 
  they do say that stuff 's like crack for canadians . 
  i ride taxi to work, 
  on arrival i make, 
  myself a coffee, 
  plenty of chicks with dicks too ( from what i hear ), 
  retirement ? 
  american tabloid/the cold six thousand/blood 's a rover trilogy by james ellroy ( the underworld usa trilogy ) . 
  his writing style combined with the subject matter ( american history , ' 58 - ' 72 , blended with believable - in his hands , for the books at least - conspiracy ) makes it fascinating and actually exciting to read . 
  i 'm just rereading the whole series through now it 's been a while since the final book came out ( long enough since i read it on release ) . 
  two people annually where ? 
  they 're killing easily that in australia alone over the past few years , and south africa is apparently even worse . 
  i do , however , completely agree with you that they 're not really worth worrying about ( unless one has been sighted near the beach where you 're swimming ) ; the number of attacks compared to the number of individual times people go in the ocean is a tiny percentage !, 
  it seems to be a very atavistic fear , being literally eaten by an unseen monster from the deep , and i think that 's part of why some people obsess over sharks in particular so much . 
  also , and for the same reason , a really good fleshlight, 
  i meant chicks that * have * dicks , not chicks * hanging out with * dicks ... 
  why is this person getting downvoted ? 
  this would certainly cause pain without inflicting too much lasting damage as per op 's request ... 
  or will it be because they 're entitled jerks ? 
  time will tell ... 
  you 're some kind of goddamn hippie stuck in the '70s with a very outdated reading of the war . 
  * some * of what you say is true , but you completely ignore the necessity of deterring communist aggression . 
  perhaps it was n't the best place to fight that battle , but it had to be fought somewhere or who knows what world we 'd be living in today ... 
  the roots of the conflict in vietnam were essentially about nationalism , rather than communism per se ; however , the fact remains that if a stand was not made against untrammelled communist expansionism who knows how much of the world they would have conquered and what the result would have been ? 
  vietnam , cuban missile crisis , korea and the berlin airlift all showed resolve in the face of that aggression and helped contain it . 
  as ugly as vietnam was , a nuclear ww3 would have been worse as would a different outcome to the cold war where the communists `` won '' . 
  the north vietnamese were n't saints either , as incidents like the massacres in hue during tet , their tactics used to control rural populations in the south during the war and their post-war oppression of all ideological opponents ( indeed up to the present day , although they are getting better ) amply illustrate . 
  a lot of what you say is true , but it only tells one side of the story and omits a great deal of significance . 
  the complete story is far more nuanced . 
  nationalist movement * heavily * supported by both russia and china ... 
  as i said vietnam may not have been the best place to make that stand , but containment was necessary . 
  a buttplug is a sweet , considerate gift, 
  getting into debt then living off your relatives * is n't * the optimal way to `` break your families ' cycle of poverty '' . 
  i 'm sorry you 're not getting much positive reinforcement of your life choices here , but you are getting some solid advice . 
  unfortunately , as has been pointed out repeatedly , you 're getting increasingly defensive rather than taking any of it in and demonstrating any consideration of the good advice and so a vicious cycle is emerging in which people offer nuggets of good advice that you ignore because they 're salted with criticism/sarcasm ; you then attack the advisor ( whose advice * you * asked for !, 
  ) , making yourself sound even more entitled and whiny which just leads to further sarcasm and criticism . 
  there * is * plenty of great advice in hear , you just need to open your ears past the bits you do n't want to hear !, 
  i think it started in about 1976 , maybe ' 77 . 
  not exactly sure , you can get his dob from wikipedia though . 
  hey man , i get it - you came asking for help and entered a shitstorm of `` you 're a jerk '' , but there 's a tendency for that to happen in this sub and many people are trying to help , even if they could make it more clear that their intentions are good in their comments ' tone :p,
