  and yet people * still * criticise the man for his nazi sympathies !, 
   yes , when you ca n't win an argument , try to silence the opposition instead . 
  oh , the irony . 
  i 'm just standing up to another pro-israel internet bully . 
  i too find this particularly troubling . 
  tbh i think * anyone * who is genuinely hoping for a peaceful settlement any time in the near future must inevitably be heavily troubled by this blatant disregard for both legality and the conditions necessary for peace . 
  the only positive is that at last the israeli regime are showing their hand so openly that they can no longer expect anyone to believe their protestations of good faith , although this may only be considered at best a pyrrhic victory . 
  [ dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vif6jrnjtk ), 
  if only israel * were * a liberal democracy !, 
  it 's not though , it 's a hardline right-wing religio-nationalist cryptofascist state * masquerading * as a liberal democracy , led by a frighteningly ( especially given he has control over nuclear weapons ) mendacious psychopath . 
  and however much we can all acknowledge that hamas are very naughty boys indeed , there is still a world of difference between the palestinian authority and isis . 
  wow , you do n't mind making bigoted arguments , do you ? 
  sure , faults on both sides , though that does n't necessarily mean likud have * ever * acted in good faith though , does it ? 
  is that the same poll that received such a frosty reception on r/israel when you recently posted it with an accompanying remark about how the majority of palestinians are open to peaceful coexistence ? 
  that did n't play well there , sadly . 
  a lot of people in israel are quite understandably suspicious too , but the type of behaviour highlighted here by the us state department surely can not be considered helpful by anyone , from either side - can it ? 
  personally i found your post encouraging both in terms of your own attitude as an israeli and the palestinian attitudes you provided a summation of . 
  mendacious is a buzzword with no meaning ? 
  personally i feel it describes netanyahu et al to a tee , but of course that 's simply my opinion . 
  i 'm not sure i should be encouraging you in any way by even responding , but here goes : you vilified the palestinian people ( literally repeatedly calling them vile ) , while i took issue with israel 's regime . 
  there 's a world of difference there too . 
  which reminds me , i need to report your comment for its egregious bigotry . 
  nothing in the entire situation is ever simple . 
  i know that 's a bit of a platitude , but nonetheless it 's the case . 
  as far as the elections in palestine go , i am sure we can both agree it will be better if hamas lose power , but by how much or if they will even relinquish power under any circumstances remains to be seen ... 
  oh , i agree entirely - there are some very unpleasant people in the palestinian camp too . 
  it 's also important to remember that people on both sides are terribly traumatised after years of attacks suffered by the civilians of both nations . 
  that may not be a root cause of any of what we 're discussing , but it 's most certainly an aggravating factor aaa well as being a massive human tragedy in and of itself . 
  the meaning of mendacious is more than merely being a simple liar , but yeah , ok . 
  nonsensical buzzwords though ? 
  really ? 
  the second most powerful political party in the current coalition regime government is an extreme right wing party that literally describes itself as religious nationalist . 
  so how exactly is describing the government using the same terminology several senior cabinet ministers and other mks use to * describe themselves * in any sense either nonsensical or employing a buzzword ? 
  nope , i was talking with direct reference to the government , nothing about `` all of israel '' ; political structure , not societal . 
  i did n't think the cryptofascism needed more detail - it just means being fascist , but trying to hide/deny it . 
  the current coalition regime is very right-wing - indeed , it is often described as the most right-wing government ever formed in israel ( despite such literal fascists as jabotinsky 's and begin 's past influence ) . 
  fascism is described as an extreme right wing nationalist , highly militarised , authoritarian regime ( whatever definition you take , those are key elements ) so it 's really not a stretch to describe the present regime as cryptofascist in nature . 
  now i agree that israel is not constitutionally or culturally fascistic in nature , even with the recent marked swing to the right among many israelis , but the regime ? 
  in * my opinion * cryptofascist is a fair appellation . 
  your opinion may differ , and that 's fine by me : we are both entitled to both possess and express opinions of our own . 
  ( indeed , i think the world is only the richer for the fact not everyone thinks exactly the way or holds exactly the same views . ), 
  hey , that 's your opinion and i 'm totally cool with it man . 
  i still stand by what i have said , but i 'm not trying to twist * your * arm about it . 
  with regards to tjhp , for the sixth blah blah whatever , they sure hold *** a lot *** of very senior , powerful ministries . 
  this alone distorts their influence grossly . 
  it 's not the size of the dog in the fight that counts , it 's the size of the fight in the dog , if you follow my meaning . 
  yeah , well , you know , that 's just , like , your opinion man . 
  seriously though , of course israel is many things , to many people . 
  the perspective i have illustrated is not the complete picture , but i never said it was . 
  your counter arguments are just reducto ad absurdum . 
  there is certainly a facet of modern israeli politics that justifies my opinions ; whether you choose to see it or not it 's certainly present . 
  i can tell you with great certitude whatever the internal propaganda machine has to say about conceptions of the national polity such as i have presented , this is how much of the world views the israeli regime . 
  these views are not grounded in hatred of israel . 
  ( i hope you 've read enough of * my * comments overall to realise * i * do not hate israel in any way , shape or form . ), 
  righteous anger and frustration at the actions of the present regime and certain sections of the population - primarily the settlers - are inevitable given the circumstances , just as people dislike hamas immensely . 
  the problem is not unique to israel , but unfortunately , as well as the positive stories that come from your country , and the stories that make us sympathetic to the plight of israeli victims of terrorism and etc , we see * a lot * about people like shaked , lieberman , smotrich , bennett , their supporters , and what they have to say . 
  and what * they * have to say justifies the religio-nationalist epithet entirely , and frankly it justifies the cryptofascist nomenclature too . 
  of course that is n't the whole picture , but nonetheless it is a valid snapshot . 
  agree or do n't agree , there it is man . 
  yes , i would be interested in attending seminars hosted by u/cum -4 - ur_papi , his ideas are intriguing to me and i need such clear cut moral guidance in my life . 
  where can i sign up ? 
  drop bear attacks - western australia . 
  with naftali fucking bennett , leader of the jewish home ~ ~ gang ~ ~ party as education minister this kind of thing is bound to happen . 
  east jerusalem is not israel , not matter fervently the settlers and other various assorted nutjobs of israel may wish it were . 
  israel may be the occupying power , but in that role it is their responsibility to provide education , a basic human right . 
  to abuse that responsibility in this manner for political end is shameful in the extreme . 
  why should palestinian kids have the israeli version of history shoved down their throats ? 
  what 's wrong with the jordanian system ? 
  if it was israeli or hamas the situation would be somewhat less clear cut , but as it stands this is an act of egregious cultural oppression that exemplifies the colonialist mindset of israel 's religious nationalist extremists . 
  thou shalt not be racist towards seppoes !, 
  yeah , the usaf used them a lot as facs , including some of the most famous callsigns like covey , rustic and nail facs over cambodia , laos and the trail generally . 
  usmc also flew them as facs in i corps . 
  in iv corps ( the mekong delta ) the usn 's val-4 `` black ponies '' flew ov-10as in support or brown water navy and seal missions in more of a fire-support role , carrying a bit more ordnance . 
  pretty neat planes , with a great combat record . 
  oh , they moved you up to flippin ' patties . . ? 
  niiiiice . 
  no , of course not , but the text books in question are jordanian - not the hamas texts which are blatantly and egregiously antisemitic - according to the article . 
  that 's a great picture , it is very reminiscent of wwii photos of the lprg and early sas operations in the western desert campaigns . 
  do you know if these guys are they sasr or one of the commando regiments ? 
  the commando regiments ( 1st/2nd commando regiments ) are now the lrpvs owners , and have been since '13 when the sasr took delivery of their new [ supacat hmt extendas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sc_group#/media/file:extenda.jpg ) . 
  ( i only ask because it says sotg patrol , and sotg includes the commandos as well as the sasr . ), 
  hurlburt field , fla. -- an ac-130j ghostrider gunship , block 20 model , arrives at hurlburt field , fla. , for the first time july 18 , 2016 . 
  this aircraft is the first of 21 ac-130js with the 105mm canon modification scheduled to be delivered here . 
  the ac-130j ghostrider 's primary missions are close air support , air interdiction and armed reconnaissance . 
  hurlburt field , fla. -- an ac-130j ghostrider gunship , block 20 model , arrives at hurlburt field , fla. , for the first time july 18 , 2016 . 
  this aircraft is the first of 21 ac-130js with the 105mm canon modification scheduled to be delivered here . 
  the ac-130j ghostrider 's primary missions are close air support , air interdiction and armed reconnaissance . 
  the [ source for this image , the 368th fg website 's p-47 armament page ] ( http://www.368thfightergroup.com/p-47-armament.html ) contains more details and a great selection of other pictures of jugs from the group during wwii in the eto . 
  the aircraft pictured in this photo is wearing d-day invasion stripes , placing this as having been taken sometime in the second half of 1944 or perhaps early-1945 . 
  the [ mag58 ] ( http://www.army.gov.au/our-work/equipment-and-clothing/small-arms/mag-58 ) seen here being carried by a australian army soldier during exercise predators gallop is the australian version of the fn gpmg ( known as the m240b in us service ) . 
  the [ m-114as4 ] ( http://www.army.gov.au/our-work/equipment-and-clothing/vehicles/m113as4 ) is a heavily upgraded m-113 apc , which originally dates back to the vietnam war era . 
  [ exercise predators gallop ] ( http://video.defence.gov.au/play/4589# ) was conducted in cultana , south australia during april 2016 by the army 's 1st brigade . 
  the exercise enabled australian army units such as 1st armoured regiment , 5th battalion rar , 7th battalion rar , 8th/12th regiment royal australian artillery and 1st combat engineer regiment to work together to deliver combined arms effects on the battlefield . 
  they were also supported by fellow units such as 1st combat service support battalion and 1st combat signal regiment . 
  other elements from the army integral to enabling a combat brigade to fight and win on the battlefield came from 1st aviation regiment , 6th brigade , 17th brigade and the royal australian air force and were also involved in the exercise . 
  same to you , u/kapitankurt , always appreciate your images - we share similar tastes in aircraft , and i especially enjoy the cold war pictures you provide for our enjoyment . 
  [ os ] btw mods !, 
  yep , i see lots of fw-190as , perhaps one dora near the beginning and a few bf-109gs towards the end . 
  do you have any independent , non-israeli , sources for these claims ? 
  i made no such claim , i merely asked for independent sources .
