  `` medium sized furry creature with triangle ears '' has a ring to it . 
  in much of america there are strong cultural taboos against eating natural cheese or even cheese which is n't from a can . 
  you basically have to buy the orange stuff , the plastic stuff or the stuff in a can , outside of the natural cheese belt ( centred in wisconsin ) of course . 
  ditto for the palestinian people . 
  it 's not actual plastic , it 's actually a processed blended cheese based food product ( to use the fda term ) , aka american `` cheese '' . 
  in the natural cheese belt people eat `` natural '' though . 
  my first real interest in israeli affairs came with the imprisonment and mysterious suicide-in-a-suicide-proof-cell of my countryman , [ ben zygier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_ben_zygier ) , an australian who went to israel to live and ended up somehow falling foul of the israeli authorities . 
  i say somehow because nobody knows what he did , or was accused of doing ; in fact for a long time he was known only as `` prisoner x '' , without the australian government even being told of his detention until he mysteriously killed himself , as previously mentioned . 
  so please forgive me some slight cynicism about the israeli justice system . 
  yes , including about my own government too when they 're mendacious . 
  idk if israel receives * disproportionate * scrutiny in terms of how * much * attention the conflict and its accoutrements receives : when it 's at its worst , the situation over there is pretty bad , which is not entirely israel 's fault by any stretch of the imagination and undoubtedly things are bad for israelis too ; however it does explain the intense international interest . 
  otoh i must admit that my suggestion that you change `` demonisation '' to `` fair and balanced reporting '' was not particularly fair itself . 
  reporting on the subject is sometimes fair , occasionally balanced , but very , very rarely both at the same time . 
  tbh , reading the mainstream western press , one must have an interest in the region , or the conflict specifically , to seek out much of the reporting - in my local state or even national newspapers israel and palestine is rarely covered - though of course the internet makes it very easy to find all the international reporting on israel . 
  especially via aggregation sites like reddit . 
  i can readily understand why it must feel like living in a fishbowl at times . 
  there is also a distinct lack of reporting about the everyday life and good aspects of israel and israelis , which in combination with the focus on the conflict can combine to give a falsely negative overall impression of the nation . 
  i 've had friends here in australia who have strong family connexions to israel , going back many , many years to mandate palestine and they have given me some insight into a completely different side of israeli life , a side we never hear of in the press . 
  it 's a shame that side is not more widely known , but it 's also human nature that the conflict is what the news focuses on . 
  i guess it starts with the fact that the opinions and feelings i hold on this subject are both complex and strong . 
  i am equally outraged by attacks on civilians of either side , but have to admit to having a sense that the israeli agenda in palestine is perhaps more calculated and therefore sinister than many actions of the palestinians . 
  however , i understand that agenda does not really represent the views of the hypothetical average israeli in the street , but rather belongs to the extreme right wing ( religious nationalist ) politics of some israelis , for which i have nothing but disdain . 
  ( i 'm not a bleeding heart , loony-lefty btw , i tend centre-right in australian/european terms , which is to the left of the us and israel , but not the `` regressive left '' as personified by the odious jeremy corbyn of labour in the uk , for example . ), 
  unfortunately on reddit , and in r/worldnews especially ( more so than r/israel or r/israelpalestine ) quite a few pro-israeli commenters espouse precisely the views that i find most disquieting , frustrating and even infuriating , so i seek to challenge and confront them with the opposing perspective . 
  or at least provide it for others to read , as no ideologue is going let me change their mind , as i well know . 
  then i encounter people like yourself who are reasonable and do n't say terrible things , who can even admit the validity of some criticism and that anger and frustration is replaced by contrition for treating * you * like * them * , which makes * me * just as bad , so i share my real , personal views with their nuances intact in the belief you will actually read then consider my words as i do yours . 
  tbh i did n't notice your username when i first replied ; it was only after i had talked about the aussie bloke who died in ayelon prison , ben zygier , that i noticed who it was with whom i was conversing and `` relaxed '' , as i suppose the best way to describe it actually is . 
  i remember our previous discussion and know you 're someone who i can talk with reasonably instead of polemically , so i did . 
  and that 's what happens often . 
  when i feel i 'm talking to some ideologue bigot i will push back , but when i sense another person replying i reply in kind to them too . 
  hope that made sense and did n't bore you to death !, 
  ha ha , yeah i thought `` gee , this is a particularly shameless repost , considering i only posted this like a week or so ago '' ; however , u/ryansmith 's comment above explains why ( to plug his new r/bearintercepts sub ) so i guess it 's not so bad . 
  though there are thousands of these , this is , if i say so myself , one of the better ones lol . 
  i posted this about a week ago , so wondered why it was here again so soon ; however , your explanation is fair enough ... ( and i just subscribed to the new sub . ), 
  i also just posted a picture of usaf aircraft and ruaf bears right next to each other , though not in an intercept scenario , that you may find interesting , though probably not appropriate for the new sub ... 
  that 's true , but both exchange rates are quoted at their official price , not with fees and etc. 
  the issue lies in the maths , as u/anonymoushero1 explains above . 
  the first prototype for the nazis ' wooden flying-wing jet bomber ( designated the h.ix v1 ) evolved from earlier horton brothers ' flying wing designs ( as posted yesterday ) , but was a glider . 
  the next aircraft built in the program series is the plane we see here and was designated the h.ix v2 . 
  the v2 was fitted with two junkers jumo 004 engines installed ( the aircraft was intended to fly with the bmw 003 , but it was unavailable so the horten brothers made do with the jumos , as used by the me 262 ) with which it flew in 1944 . 
  the v2 may be distinguished by its oversize front landing gear door , which was borrowed from an he 177 bomber . 
  following the v2 , the third prototype was the first to actually be designated as the ho 229 ( v3 ) , or , according to some sources , the goetha go 229 ; no more prototypes were completed before the factories were overrun and the war ended . 
  sources :, 
  nah , he * had * been eaten , but in the excitement of being snubbed by howard that kind of got forgotten . 
  given the number of black men gunned down by police in the usa and the general outrage not at that , but instead at blm disrupting traffic ( on reddit at least ) i would say the answer to that question is an unequivocal yes . 
  sadly . 
  the information embedded in this photo states :, 
   two tu-95 bear bomber aircraft , center , and an an-124 condor transport aircraft of the russian military , background , are parked on the flight line beside a b-52h stratofortress aircraft of the 62nd bombardment squadron . 
  the russian planes are on base as part of an exchange program proposed by air force chief of staff gen. merrill a. mcpeak . 
  however , the 62nd bs flew b-52gs , not hs , and was based at barksdale in ' 92 , not minot ( as the tail of this aircraft proudly proclaims ) . 
  as far as i can tell , it is a b-52h , making the 62nd bs attribution seem like , well , bs . 
  can anyone else fill in the details ? 
  ( squadron , base , model of buff , etc ? ), 
  in any case , it 's very interesting to see the two cold war rivals parked side-by-side . 
  if you check out the link to the smithsonian air & space collection 's captured v3 ho 229 ( the first production variant ) in my comment above you 'll see that has a much narrower front-tricycle wheel door ; this prototype has different landing gear from the standard production version . 
  cvw-16 iirc , yeah it 's just like the usaf two-letter tailcodes . 
  i 've always seen usn aircraft referred to by tailcode and modex , eg `` nk 100 '' . 
  that 's just in publications though , maybe the navy crews refer to just the modex , which is unique within the cvw anyway ? 
  is there ever any relationship between the squadron name and callsign , or are they usually unrelated ? 
  in the example you gave vfa-32 are the swordsman , are n't they ? 
  so no relationship i can see there ; another example i know off the top of my head is the famous `` showtime 100 '' from vietnam , which was from vf-96 fighting falcons : again no obvious link , but i do n't know enough to draw conclusions from two examples ... 
  also , do squadrons keep their callsigns ? 
  so is vfa-32 * always * `` gipsy '' or does it change ? 
  ty , that was interesting and exactly what i was wondering about . 
  re : the flair , it 's most probably because the duma is the russian parliament/word for parliament ( and at a guess ukrainian too ) as well as a village in palestine . 
  so duma in the title ? 
  well , clearly it must be to do with russia !, 
  because they 're hostile foreign invaders cruelly oppressing the palestinians ? 
  never safe for that type of person to stroll among their victims alone , never has been , never will be and it 's been that way since forever . 
  sad how the world has changed . 
  of course there have always been occasional inter-communal arguments in every country with mixed groups living side-by-side ( in more homogeneous societies they fight their neighbours , or each other instead ... ) , but for a long time under the ottomans and various persian caliphates the muslim , christian and jewish people of palestine , and indeed the greater mena region ) managed to rub along without too much trouble . 
  the past seventy years though has just been a complete borrow show of one atrocity topping another . 
  i 'm sure one it will swing again in a better direction , but right now it 's dreadful , is n't it ? 
  truly , it 's terrible what has happened . 
  yes , and of course vice versa , right ? 
  does n't it count if an * official idf soldier * kills you then ? 
  i thought it was n't about which side kills more anyway , like is n't that a really bad way to decide which side are the baddies in a war ? 
  i 'm certain i 've heard that trotted out more than once by your colleagues , and quite probably by you yourself . 
  not cool ; hypocrisy is one of the things i find hardest to stomach . 
  to complain about being racially vilified then casually toss out that all of any other race are pigs definitely puts you right in the hypocrite basket as far as i 'm concerned . 
  the ongoing tweets in response were pretty toxic too . 
  idiots like this cause more problems for their own than others ; i 'm sure it must be horrible to be jewish and read that shit , but it 's muslims other australians reading this will hate after reading it , not jews . 
  interesting information , thanks . 
  are they a type of spitzer dog - that tail looks awfully like a shiba or husky tail and his face is the right kind of shape too ? 
  deep throat, 
  i think the standard `` first they came for the communists '' quote is very apt here . 
  given the tensions between the muslim and jewish communities globally ( as seen manifested in australia yesterday with the dreadful `` all jews are pigs '' tweet from qanda 's ironically bigoted `` muslim victim of hanson 's racism '' ) and presumably locally too i would not be surprised if at least * some * members of australia 's jewish community were supportive of hanson et al 's ( utterly ludicrous imo ) hate campaign against halal certification for australian food products . 
  after all , if `` aussies should n't have to pay for religious certifications '' for muslims , then why should those same `` aussies '' have to pay for kosher certification either ? 
  ( ignoring the fact that both jews and muslims are aussies too , with long histories for both jewish and muslim communities living here dating back to early colonial times in the case of the jews and certainly well before federation for muslims , if not earlier than that . ), 
  which is one reason why , as you say , it 's important for us all to band together against bigotry no matter how little it might affect us personally . 
  what on earth is that orange square ? 
  it says cheddar , but no cheddar i have ever seen in either the uk ( home of cheddar , where the place cheddar actually is !, 
  ) , australia or nz has that garish a hue to it ... 
  fresh mozzarella is so much better than the mass-produced , processed rubbish most places pass off as mozzarella . 
  this certainly has the right look - and it looks great !, 
  his army was structured very differently from those of his enemies , with a large number of highly skilled , very fast-moving horsemen who were very effective archers from the saddle which was a feat many other cultures could not manage . 
  these archers also possessed better technology , in the form of the [ mongol composite bow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mongol_bow ) , which was compact , yet powerful , suiting it to their style of warfare perfectly . 
  genghis khan was himself a master tactician and would frequently employ feints or fake `` retreats '' which led his pursuing enemies straight into the mongol army 's prepared battlefield and ambushes , tactics that his opponents fell for time after time and failed to learn how to counter effectively . 
  the mongols also enjoyed excellent communications for the era , with messengers able to cover vast distances very quickly due to the priority they had in terms of taking fresh horses to use and guaranteed help from anyone they needed it from on pain of death . 
  he also offered a stark choice of surrender and be absorbed peacefully into the mongol empire , or fight and risk utter annihilation upon defeat .
