  merely `` outlawing '' irgun and the stern gang in word alone has n't really achieved that , has it ? 
  surely the necessary rejection of terrorism means much less if its leaders retain the full protection of the law and received no punishment , but rather were rewarded with legitimate power ideologies unquestioned . 
  that was really what i meant by `` toothless '' gesture . 
  what you have essential just done is reiterate the standard israeli revisionist narrative of the six day war that manipulates certain events , timelines and items of record to paint the surprise attack as a defensive act , much as historians such as michael oren ( the writer of the definitive israeli historiography of the war - `` six days of war '' ) , although even he adopts a more pragmatic position of `` faults on both sides '' . 
  there is , though , a significant body of historical analysis that debunks the orthodox narrative you outlined above very convincingly . 
  for example you omitted all mention of the subsequent soviet provision to israel of intelligence stating egypt did not intend to attack , all mention of the us intelligence assessments passed to israel demonstrating egypt 's lack of adequate forces deployed for an invasion of israel , the extensive pre-war planning israel had carried out for some considerable time before the opportunity to attack presented itself , the string of idf-initiated border scuffles and other provocations used to test arab defences and practice the attack prior to the actual war and etc. 
  your narrative is designed to push the legitimate war , right-of-conquest type argument for israel keeping the golan and of course israel believes this is legally correct ; however , unfortunately for israel , international law is * not * decided unilaterally by any sovereign nation alone . 
  israel returned the sinai twice ( after the unprovoked '53 attack and post - '73 in '79 with international arbitration and in the knowledge of how nearly israel was defeated in ' 73 ) so never say never regarding golan . 
  ultimately israel can unilaterally declare whatever it likes - whether the international community accedes is another question entirely . 
  the results may be unpredictable . 
  * perhaps * russia will get involved . 
  or * maybe * the eu and us will impose sanctions on israeli politicians as have been imposed on members of the russian regime in the wake of * their * annexation of crimea . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
  now might be a good time to invest in popcorn , might it not ? 
  i think the issue of what happens to the terrorists will be thorny within the palestinian camp . 
  obviously leaders are not going to sign their own arrest warrants by agreeing to a peace that requires their punishment . 
  as i am sure you are well aware , israel has a long history of extrajudicial executions that long pre-dates the current scandal ( the wounded and disarmed , alleged stab attacker murdered in cold blood by the idf last month ) and has often targeted individuals released as part of prisoner exchanges or other deals . 
  that 's all i was referring to . 
  i would have thought that rejecting terrorism would be an intrinsic part of the security guarantees israel has long demanded . 
  obviously irgun and stern gang terrorists were not required to do so as there was no real intention to castigate them for their atrocities - my `` toothless '' argument again . 
   because so far both palestinian leaderships seem to prefer conflict as a means to achieve territorial gains . 
  excuse me ? 
  how are the palestinians attempting `` territorial gains '' ? 
  did you mean to type `` israelis '' in the above sentence because with palestinians in there it makes literally no sense . 
  also , i would dispute that it is the palestinians who are dragging the conflict out , but that 's another issue again completely . 
  one for another day i think . 
  i do like your pragmatism on the subject of terrorists in a post-terrorism society . 
  it is probably the better position to hold and no doubt the most realistic . 
  it is also how things have played out in countries like ireland , which has worked out ok . 
  nonetheless , it 's hard not to want punishment for hamas leaders !, 
  what 's happening in syria is a human tragedy on an immense scale , but i suppose i can understand your personal callous indifference . 
  i 'm starting to wonder exactly what you mean by sovereignty , as it is a word you keep repeating in ever widening contexts . 
  you do understand that it 's not a carte blanche for a nation to do as it pleases * outside its own borders * , or in some matters even within its own borders though , do n't you ? 
  let 's see what happens once the negotiated end conflict in syria has been achieved . 
  perhaps the resultant regime will extend the olive branch to israel and circumstances will change . 
  would n't that be a great development ? 
  israel would then for the first time in the nation 's history be surrounded only by countries with which it had peace agreements . 
  all that would be then necessary for complete security would be a settlement with palestine and a cessation of attacks upon followed by negotiations with hezbollah . 
  a very tangible hope for the ideally not too distant future . 
   sure , but if you keep punishing then the war is never over . 
  one must learn to forgive , especially if you expect the other side to do the same . 
  that is a good sentiment - and something you 'll very rarely see in these threads . 
  i could n't agree more , certainly not in the sense you posit where ending the conflict is the most important thing . 
  * david axe * is worth an interview ? 
  wib is patchy at best , but his personal pieces are * never * worth reading . 
  i just do n't get how he treats himself so seriously . 
  i mean , he even * looks * like an idiot , does n't he ? 
  why does he consider himself such an authority ? 
  does n't often happen here , does it ? 
  so [ this ] ( http://www.cjbgardentours.co.uk/wp-content/gallery/snowdonia/snowdonia1.jpg ) is what typical american farms looked like 500yrs ago ? 
  yeah , the 18yo and 21yo are two of my favourite scotches . 
  i have a bottle of the 21yo at the moment that i am enjoying * thoroughly * . 
  i have n't tried anything younger than the 18yo except the cs though ( another decent drop itself imo ) , so ca n't attest as to whether the quality falls away with the younger expressions . 
  when downed pilots or sog/lrrp patrols were being extracted and talking over survival radios do you mean ? 
  by vietnam they also had personal questions , a bit like those we see on websites ( `` what was your first pet 's name '' as a crappy example ) today for authentication in case of lost pwds and etc , registered for each pilot iirc . 
  that way , even if they did n't know the guy on the ground , they could verify his identity exactly . 
  the irish attitude in wwii towards the nazi party , hitler and the war itself actually [ was somewhat morally reprehensible ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2092138/irish-minister-admits-time-jews-fleeing-nazis-denied-visas-1930s-morally-bankrupt-regime.html ) . 
  of course , such attitudes did n't die with war 's end and many [ nazis fleeing punishment found refuge in eire ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1538969/ireland-welcomed-hitlers-henchmen.html ) . 
  lastly , i do n't think you did recall correctly , tbh . 
  german bombers that were aiming for british cities would not have been carrying sufficient fuel to reach ireland and return . 
  the crews would have noticed they had been flying for the extra hour plus it would take to reach ireland , would notice the flight over water as they crossed the irish sea and finally the irish cities would have to happened to have been in a direct line from the german radio direction signal transmitter to the intended target in britain . 
  radio direction finding relies on the following of one `` beam '' until another is crossed , markling the intended navigation point - the british may have spoofed the german signal to make the bombers drop most likely before the target , but * possibly * past it , although past would require not only mimicking the german signal , but masking the real one too ... 
  tricking the germans into bombing dublin , for example , would have been very difficult indeed , even had the british wanted to do so - i am sure that claim can be safely written off as anti-british propaganda . 
  also , the alexandrine era overlaps the roman republic to fall of roman empire era - meaning alexander could conceivably be the best general in both of the first two eras . 
  both australia 's 3rar ( 3rd battalion , royal australian regiment ) and the canadian 2ppcli ( 2nd battalion , princess patricia 's canadian light infantry ) received us presidential unit citations for this action - a very high award not often bestowed upon non-us units . 
  long tan must have been pretty intense too and again the diggers more than held their own against a much larger enemy formation , thought to be a vc main force regiment ( including d445 battalion whose flag i actually have a copy , though given i bought it in hcmc in about 2007 i seriously doubt my copy was carried into battle at long tan , ha ha ) . 
  there 's a great [ documentary about long tan too , narrated by sam worthington ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gusq7pxux4 ) ( i provided the link , but i guess if you 're another aussie you may well have seen it ? ), 
  from a couple of years ago too . 
  also , for anzac day next week , they 're showing another special called `` the crater '' that seems , from the trailers , to also be about a long tan veteran going back to the battlefield to help recover vietnamese remains . 
  interestingly , during both kapyong and long tan it was nz artillery that provided support with apparently very accurate gunfire . 
  i did n't know the aattv had been awarded it , but am not really surprised . 
  those blokes have an awesome reputation - iirc they were the longest continuously deployed foreign unit to see action during vietnam , from ' 62 - '72 straight through . 
  i guess the aussie army has earned its fair share of us pucs !, 
  the raaf 's 77sq picked one up for korea too i believe . 
  that would be a great movie , the documentary is good as it is and you can see how well it would translate into a film . 
  be really atmospheric with that rain pouring down , very dark and confused . 
  let 's hope it gets made !, 
  that 's definitely one to keep an eye out for . 
  i 'm just on my way home from work atm ( in perth ) so i have n't watched this yet , but will be sure to when i do get home . 
  cheers for posting it - in one of those baader-meinhof phenomenon type deals i have just been reading a book about the commonwealth brigade in korea that , of course , covered kapyong so it 's topical for me . 
  they should have used [ one of these gas masks ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrxy6be4_9ox9qnj0czvzprsx8_h_lf--xuxmylkjw7n59ikfvc ) . 
  the [ ask a rapist ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/x6yef/reddits_had_a_few_threads_about_sexual_assault/ ) thread , where rapists were asked to tell `` their side of the story '' and a bunch of psychos started getting off on reliving/fantasising about the rapes they 'd committed . 
  truly horrifying . 
  it 's all [ removed ] s now , a massive improvement on before ... 
  i would suggest eating it . 
  no i did n't see it , but i will see if sbs have it online . 
  do you know the name ? 
  it turns out 2 sq was given * another * puc for their `` magpie '' ( callsign ) canberra bomber deployment to vietnam too , and i am sure that by now the sas * must * have earned at least one by now , between vietnam and afghanistan too . 
  they are still , nonetheless , rare honours for foreign units . 
  that 's brilliant thanks - [ all three episodes are available on demand ] ( http://www.sbs.com.au/ondemand/video/552208451705/shopping ) !, 
  between this and them i have a nice little watchlist now . 
  it 's hard to find good vietnam docos as you say . 
  further up op , u/sennais1 ( shoutout so you can read about the sbs doco too ) , and i were discussing the long tan doco sam worthington narrated , which is pretty good , and that next week on history channel they 're showing a new one called `` the crater '' for anzac day , also about long tan ( i think from the trailers ) . 
  the new one is about a digger returning to vietnam to help recover vietnamese war dead from a mass grave in an old bomb crater , which i think contained casualties from long tan . 
  maybe nobody knows what the sas received their puc for except them and the president !, 
  i would n't be surprised tbh . 
  i think a sample like that is the way to go . 
  i first tried the 21 in a bar , but it was the last dram in the bottle a god only knows how long it had been oxidising in its bottle . 
  suffice to say it was a very decent dram still , but did n't convey the full richness and complexity i found when i cracked my own bottle whatsoever , making the bottle 's contents both pleasaningly and surprisingly better than expected !, 
  yeah afghanistan makes most sense .
