  we all * seem * to agree that mks who provide material or moral support for terrorists are acting inappropriately ; however , the op ignores examples such as the particularly vile akunis , whose very public involvement with extremist settler/zioinst groups would seem to make him fit op 's definition of an individual not fit to enjoy the powers , responsibilities and privileges of an mk , and instead launches into a preemptive attack on those who question israel 's government 's fairness and impartiality ... 
  there is nothing questionable about what * you * wrote , but the same can not be said , imo , for the thread as a whole due to the nature of the op . 
  no , that was the comment you replied to . 
  i initially replied to your comment * as a child of that comment * ; ie in the context of the overall conversation it was part of . 
  i chose to reply to yours instead of the op because i agree with what you said about these mks actions and i did n't want to get diverted into any accusations of trying to say what they did was ok . by replying to your denunciation of them i hoped to reinforce the denunciation i included in my first reply , whilst still calling out op 's hypocritical ( to my mind ) attack on those who question the israeli system 's impartiality ... 
  sorry if it was confusing and especially if my efforts to explain myself have just made it more so !, 
  point taken and op edited . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  i should have been clearer in my wording . 
   if you do n't do something like that , eventually it will be winter in july ( in the northern hemisphere ) . 
  this is what used to happen to the romans ( whose calendar we use ) , with extra months inserted on an ad hoc basis as required to bring the seasons into alignment with the months . 
  the disorganised nature of this process irritated julius caesar , leading him reorganise the year by inserting an extra two months , thus creating the calendar we now use . 
  one of the inserted months he very modestly named after himself ( july - with august being named for augustus , his adopted son and the first emperor proper ) ; the extra two months also account for why september is the ninth month , despite `` septem '' being the latin for seven , and october the tenth month when `` octo '' means eight in latin . 
  as others here have already remarked , the three wood is a decent dram , but does n't offer great value for money . 
  with so many other choices i prefer at or below its price point i do n't see myself picking up another bottle , but i ca n't say i am not glad to have had the enjoyment of the bottle i did buy . 
   as a first world country europe thought that their laws and enforcement had advanced to the point that personal self defence was unnecessary . 
  you do realise that europe is actually a continent that contains many countries , do n't you ? 
  also , whilst most european nations are `` first-world '' , there are significant regions that are struggling economically and/or are underdeveloped ( in terms of societal infrastructure ) . 
  the eu is a politico-economic union of 28 member states that are located primarily in europe : that * is * much of europe , but by no means the entire continent and even within the eu member states do still write their own laws on any matter not deemed to be a european concern . 
  ( generally to do with trade , the eud and movement between countries for eu citizens . ), 
  unlike america ( which is a highly homogenous whole ) , europe is a patchwork of different nations and cultures , each with their own legal systems , political systems and security forces . 
  rosin is awesomely essential for maintaining your violin bow , but it 's made from pine resin , not cannabis extracts mate . 
  yes , i just googled it and til . 
  i had never heard the name used for cannabis before ; however , i do know the technique and must agree wholeheartedly with your previous assessment . 
  yeah though the war thing was a pretty big fuck up , was n't it ? 
  whilst the fb `` free internet '' scheme was definitely a cynical ploy , not a philanthropic gesture , there is a * lot * of truth in some of the things he said regarding india 's post-colonial failings . 
  it was hilarious reading the indians respond with the same tired , lame duck responses : `` it 's not * our * fault , it 's all the brits ' fault '' . 
  that is a clearly ridiculous assertion that only makes any sense viewed through the prism of mindless nationalism . 
  the current indian government is of course a hindu nationalist regime , although much less extreme than many of the twisted mass of the `` saffron mafia '' ; ironically it is hindus who are the most venal , corrupt and inherently backwards of india 's many communities and were another group in charge the country would be in much better shape without a doubt !, 
  fact is india was better off when the british empire was providing them with its benign guidance and they have fucked everything up since , all by themselves . 
  big government man . 
  it 's a curse on humanity 's rights and natural freedoms !, 
  why does the government not let its citizens explore wherever the hell they like in they own goddamn country , i mean what exactly is there at area 51 ? 
  aliens ? 
  lizard people base ? 
  dae think the connection between people who have been near area 51 and people who have had their inalienable right to impulse purchase arms is fucking sinister man ? 
  it * is * common knowledge . 
  he 's either an israeli playing dumb or a republican who does n't know anything except what 's right and wrong . 
  ( note : judgement of right vs wrong is based solely upon his ill-informed opinions . ), 
    trees were planted illegally on state land . 
  says the colonial oppressor 's court , nobody else . 
  genocide is the deliberate destruction of a community/culture and its way of life as well as mass murder . 
  in that sense the frequently provided palestinian population figures have * zero relevance * as a defence against the charge of genocide . 
  in that sense israel is most definitely committing genocide . 
  what 's written above is largely accurate , but obfuscates the key fact that israel actively helped yassin in the decade leading up to his formation of hamas , which he created by transforming an existing group called mujama into the more militant hamas . 
  mujama had enjoyed a great deal of assistance from israel including legal recognition as a charity then later an association and endorsing an islamic university ( which the idf has since bombed ) . 
  mujama became hamas . 
  israel did not simply `` leave yassin alone '' , but actively supported and assisted him . 
  here is a source :, 
  i picked the washington post as a high quality newspaper , known for the quality of its reporting . 
  if you google `` hamas created by israel '' you will see a number of other reputable sources amongst other more biased , but not necessarily inaccurate , sources . 
  israel did not literally create hamas , yassin did ; however , they actively enabled its creation and nurtured it for many years until yassin turned on his erstwhile collaborationists , turned mujama into hamas and began actively resisting the israeli occupation . 
  none of this is to say israel did so as some kind of master plan to ensure perpetual conflict whilst they colonise the west bank ; as the the other poster says it was almost certainly a huge strategic mistake on israel 's part . 
  stupidity , not malice aforethought . 
  neither is it to in any way lessen how truly unacceptable hamas 's actions and behaviours have been . 
  hamas - whatever their story - are particularly nasty terrorists and nothing more or less . 
  edit : grammar for clarity . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i did n't realise global gdp was measured in the 1600s ... 
  the gdp figures would , in any case , be completely distorted by industrialisation and trade , which india did not natively develop under the patchwork of warring princely states that made up the subcontinent . 
  rich agriculturally and in resources such as gems and with a massive population , of course india 's proportion of global gdp would have been larger than it is in the post-industrial world , let alone following globalisation !, 
  an interesting comparison - insofar as it could best be estimated - could be between china 's percentages then , in between and now at the same time as india 's . 
  india and china share a much more similar post-industrial history than india and the west , although - of course - china , with its already unified political system , never needed to cede self-government in order to develop as india did . 
  what guidance ? 
  seriously ? 
  would there even be the very idea of an * india * today without the unifying effect of the raj administration . 
  india could well be a collection of warring afghanistan type states , some richer than others , had it never enjoyed its pax britannica . 
  especially given that the present indian government - political and bureaucracy alike - is built on the system taught by the british . 
  dare i mention the railways ... ? 
  edit : spelling . 
  i realise india 's slow progress must be frustrating , but you really can not blame the british for that . 
  corruption and backwards attitudes amongst modern indians are the responsibility of modern indians and those are the real retardants on india 's perennially-on-the-horizon `` next superpower '' status . 
  i have absolutely no issue with any of that except your mischaracterisationof the british empire 's influence on the course of india 's history . 
  whilst there was a profit motive , certainly at the beginning of britain 's trade and other interactions with the various rajahs and nabobs , you can not deny that the british have left a lasting and beneficial in many ways legacy in the subcontinent . 
  is it a perfect history ? 
  did the british also have nobler motives and outcomes ? 
  most definitely too . 
  i 'm just saying the raj was n't * all * bad . 
  i agree with you entirely about facebook 's efforts . 
  fair enough . 
  it is impossible for us to judge the past from where we now stand ; as you say nothing is all bad , nor all good . 
  there is , however , no place in today 's world for the attitudes you mention and that is why andreessen 's remarks were offensive , smacking of a paternalistic sense of superiority as they did . 
  au contraire , i think you will find my understanding of history to be better than most 's . 
  all of your conjecture is well and good , but that is all it is . 
  pure , unadulterated conjecture . 
  india may well have achieved all you outline in your dreamy , rose-coloured vision of an alternate history where india acquired all of empire 's advantages by itself , but your vision fails to consider the cost that would have been involved in * that * process , nor does it look at other countries which were not colonised to see what actually happened in the absence of western influence - remember that parts of * europe * remained very backwards until fairly recently despite europe being the crucible of modernity . 
  ( for cost let 's start with war - the mughals were in serious decline , unification would not have happened under their aegis and for another `` indian '' empire to have risen on the subcontinent would indubitably have been a very bloody affair ! ), 
  china , for example , remained terribly backwards and agrarian except for a few bright lights - the international trade cities - on the coast , despite its centralised government and efficient bureaucracy . 
  japan only modernised in the late-19th century after paying for western advisors on the orders of a uniquely visionary leadership . 
  i would not argue that the british initially became involved in india out of altruism , but once there the colonial administration 's aims became less profit focussed and more in line with the civilising ideals the british empire inherited from its spiritual forebear , the roman empire , upon which the british empire quite consciously modelled itself . 
  many british colonial administrators , soldiers , engineers , teachers , doctors and so on died in their service to the indian people - together with their wives and children . 
  others spent years away from home in dreadful conditions . 
  the cost to britain was real too . 
  in any case , whether or not modern india could indeed have somehow self-coalesced , it did n't , but the british * did * bestow all of empire 's gifts upon the subcontinent . 
  we can not judge historical attitudes and actions through our more enlightened eyes . 
  the times were what they were and people - britons and indians alike - did what they thought was right * at the time * . 
  i would never advocate colonialism today ; the world has moved on , but you can not use hindsight to say the british were wrong and imagination to say all the good they did do was historical inevitability . 
  all i 'm really saying is the raj was not all bad for india and to claim it was is pure historical revisionism . 
  if india had to be part of an empire i think too they were lucky it was the benign and enlightened ( for the era ) british - not the spaniards , french , dutch or portugese who did less development and more torturing in their empires ; and who did not set up a democratic government and with natural graciousness leave peacefully post-wwii , but fought some very brutal wars to try to retain power in * their * colonies , right up until the '70s in the case of the portuguese . 
  like it or not india is what it is now - a fast-developing , industrialised democracy - after being a part of the greatest empire the world has ever seen ( in purely objective terms of course ) .
