  i too starting retching uncontrollably when i saw this picture . 
  that * is * the same debilitation you suffer , is n't it ? 
  you need to x-post this to / r/food, 
  i think it 's a given that our bigotry covers that too , but given the visceral strength of our homophobia it is probably worth stating specifically ... 
  i am, 
  so you do n't object to my plain spoken , truthful statement - just my username ? 
  you do realise that you 're supposed to downvote because posts do n't contribute to the discussion ? 
  not because you personally disagree with the opinion stated , let alone because you do n't like the username ... 
  i guess you 're one of those people who ca n't differentiate between criticism of israel and anti-semitism either . 
  in this case though i did n't even criticise israel !, 
  i merely stated the situation as it exists under internationally recognised law . 
  you sure married a classy broad buddy, 
  did you ? 
  the tone of your comment makes it sound like you did , but if you are not that type of ignorant , close-minded , enemy-of-free-thought , thuggish user i apologise . 
  perhaps you were even expressing the same thoughts as i just , albeit more pithily ? 
  i lack the skills for that kind of flashy pooping technique . 
  what with our - i guess kind of ridiculous to others - obsession with pooping in private there 's not much point in that kind of showboating ... 
  i discussed this with the other commenter - why does having a word that comes from the lexicon of judaism automatically make me racist ? 
  does that mean all the other users whose names include any reference to a race , religion or even sexual preference are bigots too ? 
  are goyim forbidden from even uttering jewish words in your opinion ? 
  can we even say `` jew '' ? 
  i mean , where is the line drawn ? 
  as i told the other commenter i am not racist , i do n't dislike israel per se or jewish ( can i say that word ? ), 
  people at all . 
  as i also told him i am very well acquainted with jewish culture having literally eaten bagels on many occasions . 
  i too am therefore a bagel munching mofo just like those jews you seem to think i hate !, 
  if not racist , then how is it offensive ? 
  they 're just two words that look the same concatenated to form a user name . 
  they do n't rhyme ( stabby rabbi being the preferred pronunciation , not that ridiculous and paranoid supposition that it means stab-i-rabbi as if i advocate such courses of action ) , they just look cool together . 
  if there was any meaning to it - which there 's not - it would most probably refer to a rabbi with a predilection for stabbing rather than the other way around . 
  honestly , i fail to see how that is offensive . 
  i am actually interested in a rational , free and open debate ; it 's not me that downvotes any comment that does n't fit my blinkered world view and i am happy to consider and contemplate any response to my comments that is not a didactic , `` israel can do no wrong '' dialectic soapbox statement . 
  the fact is israel - like any country , except perhaps australia - can and does do things wrong and anybody with a modicum of rationality should be able to admit the truth of this without screaming `` anti-semitism '' !, 
  do hamas threaten israel ? 
  of course they do and that is fucked too , just as any attacks on any civilians are fucked up and indefensible . 
  i would never condone terrorism , in fact i do n't condone any breaking of the basic fundamentals of human behaviour whether by or against israel . 
  nor do i condone the blatant disregard of international law around territorial or human rights - why is that such a terrible thing ? 
  i had actually forgotten about that terrible incident and i 'm sorry you see some connexion between it and my username . 
  that was a fucked up , terrorist act . 
  if it did influence my choice of username it must have been subconscious - i can categorically state that i in no way support the perpetrator of that act or anything like it . 
  now you 've pointed it out i would actually change it if i could and still keep the same account history and etc. 
  sadly though that is impossible :(, 
  any attack on innocent civilians is deplorable whether they are worshippers at a synagogue getting wounded by a psychopathic terrorist 's knives or sick children in a hospital being killed by a psychopath dropping jdam bombs from an f-16i ... 
  surely we can agree the suffering that results in either case is unconscionable ? 
  perth , western australia , as mentioned above , 
  i do n't know * anywhere * that sells it !, 
  nobody drinks it . 
  you * can * buy coffee filters at the supermarket and stuff so i suppose some people must still drink it , but no cafe could sell it and make money so they do n't . 
  as i said , i do n't think even mcdonalds sell it any more and starbucks had to leave the state because nobody bought it !, 
  israel `` started it '' when their air strike in syria killed the hezbollah soldiers and iranian general ... 
  hezbollah and iran are in syria not with any intention of `` hurting israel '' , but instead are fighting isis , as israel * should * be by all moral reckoning . 
  that israel are n't is due to their cynical policies whereby their enemy 's enemy is their friend and that trumps any other considerations . 
  isis are fighting hezbollah and asad and are funded by gulf states that israel cooperates with ; israel therefore behaves in complicity with them as it suits their own aims in the region despite the horrors isis inflicts on those they affect directly . 
  believing that hezbollah and iran are in syria - currently at least - to attack israel and attacking them on that basis is just more psychotic paranoia . 
  you 're confusing them with the islamists that israel condones - isis , whom israel wo n't lift a finger against and who are the reason hezbollah and iran are currently in syria . 
  they 're the islamists who want a caliphate ... 
  i hope that helps clear up some of your confusion about middle-eastern politics and current affairs . 
  hmmm , yes . 
  by exploiting hezbollah 's current weakness caused by their fighting isis whilst israel stands by - despite all of the countries israel claims friendship with in the west battling isis - israel is de facto condoning isis . 
  so often these pro-israeli arguments rely , as you are , on selective interpretation and semantics instead of taking a broader view of what is really going on as opposed to what actors in the situation * say * . 
  historically hezbollah and israel have fought a lot , obviously . 
  at the moment , however , they were too busy with isis to be concerned with israel , until israel bombed them last week , presumably as part of netanyahu 's efforts to initiate a war with iran ( eg his attempts to interfere with us politics around obama 's veto of new sanctions ) despite iran 's recent efforts to comply with international diktats ( in marked contrast to israel 's own blatant disregard for international law , let alone opinion , by the way ... ) triggering this round in the endless cycle of violence presumably to suit his own domestic , election related political ends . 
  ( pls note i am specifically talking about netanyahu/likud , not israel as a whole here ! ), 
  neither israel 's nor hezbollah 's hands are clean in this conflict . 
  isis may not currently present a threat to israel , but by that standard they do n't to the u.s. or counties like australia who are currently fighting them - along side hezbollah and iran - not out of some narrowly defined sense of immediate self-interest , but because isis are awful and it is morally the right thing to do . 
  why does n't israel contribute to that effort ? 
  they always try to claim the moral high ground ; surely isis would * love * to destroy israel once they achieve their caliphate , thus making them a threat ? 
  is there something we do n't know about israel 's relationship with isis , perhaps by virtue of their shared ally in the uae or their shared enemy in iran/hezbollah ? 
  probably not , indeed suggesting it seriously would - in the absence of evidence - smack of the kind of paranoia israel suffers from , but if not then how are isis * no * threat to israel ? 
  something to ponder at least ... 
  fighting isis , that 's what iran is doing in syria right now , as is hezbollah . 
  this is very well publicised and accepted by every other nation involved , including the us !, 
  they are both far more concerned with isis than israel at the moment ... 
  israeli ( kind of understandable in the context of the israeli national psyche , if unjustified in reality ... ) paranoia , exploited by netanyahu for his political gain is the reason the current bout of conflict ignited . 
  it was that paranoia - as you just expressed so perfectly - was what led to the attack on the iranian general and hezbollah soldiers which is what they just responded to . 
  after that provocation they had to do * something * to not appear weak in the face of israeli aggression !, 
  if anything theirs was a muted response - israel invaded lebanon over privates being kidnapped , imagine the idf 's response to a general being assassinated !, 
  it would be * brutal * !, 
  for fuck 's sake , if israel would just calm down and view things objectively this could have been avoided !, 
  not * everything * is about destroying israel , just as not every pro-palestinian/iranian/lebanese comment is anti-semitism . 
  i do understand that israel has had a long history of being attacked , but many of those threats have been nullified , if not permanently then for the moment at least . 
  egypt and jordan are no longer bellicose towards israel , hamas are and always will be too weak to pose any real threat and for now at least iran and hezbollah are far more concerned with isis who present a true existential threat to them . 
  this may change of course , but at the moment israel does not need to let netanyahu drum up fud to stimulate conflict and strengthen his political position ... 
  well israel could contribute to the international effort combatting them perhaps ? 
  israel is on good terms with the kurds - why not train them or even just provide air support if they do n't want to send any kind of troops ? 
  i do n't follow your second point sorry ( i 'm not aware of who the protestors to whom you refer are ) , but at the moment both hezbollah and iran - being shia - are faced with an existential threat from isis 's bellicosity towards shia muslims and are fighting isis as a result ... 
  this is my exact position and all that i ever argue for - never making anti-jewish people statements or any that even verge on suggesting that israel should n't exist - yet i am regularly accused of being anti-semitic ... 
  yeah , bitcoin is exactly what an already unstable economy needs to help it out , what a brilliant idea !, 
  should x-post to / r/aww, 
  huh , who would have thought the israeli foreign ministry would employ damn anti-semites like those guys in the first place ? 
  wtf ? 
  how about idf members shooting at school kids throwing rocks at tanks ? 
  i was replying to a comment saying jews do n't shoot people , which is patently untrue and incredibly disingenuous given the fact i pointed out . 
  your average jew on the street is certainly no more likely to shoot somebody than any other person , but to say no jews are shooting people in a disproportionate response to a provocation is not true . 
  that is why i raised the point i did . 
  wow , i really did n't think that comment needed a '' / s '' , but clearly i was wrong . 
  you did just fully elucidate the point i tried to make by way of sarcasm , for which i thank you . 
  i 've tried to make the same point myself in the past and been downvoted to hell for it , hence the cynical sarcasm this time . 
  thanks for the belly laugh too , i literally lol 'd !, 
  have my upvote .
