  as an avid ( albeit amateur ) historian i respect that knowledge and have learned things from you , and even more from research triggered by things you have written . 
  i doubt we will ever see eye-to-eye , but discussion with people you do n't agree with is interesting and healthy . 
  at least they did n't try claiming confederate lives matter !, 
   sure , there 's a minority who opposes these bad things , but they are a minority . 
  that has to change . 
  it 's not going to change until they have hope for the future . 
  unfortunately that * has * to come from a change in their circumstances . 
  only an israel that is genuine about peace will be able to facilitate that change . 
  i 'm not interested in another circular argument about who to blame for the failure of every peace initiative thus far ; i 'm just going to state that imo netanyahu and his government are * not * interested in allowing the creation of a palestinian state , one of the most vital cornerstones of a peace agreement . 
  this opinion is based on his words and actions and is an entirely independent issue from the palestinian leaders gross inadequacies ( which is not to say that they do not need to be addressed , only that netanyahu 's intransigence exists independently from anything they do - his outlook is ideological and by now clearly unchangeable ) . 
   stop painting self-defense as oppression . 
  the flip to that is `` stop painting self-defence as terrorism '' , an equally trite and inaccurate statement . 
  not every oppressive behaviour of the israeli regime and idf can be attributed to self-defence . 
  some , yes . 
  all , no . 
   i think , like with most ever single god damn poster in these threads - your agenda is n't to champion free speech , or to advocate for anyone . 
  it is to demonize . 
  he just proved your point lol . 
  to paraphrase , you - and everyone else in these threads about israel - do n't care about free speech , but are only commenting to blacken israel 's name . 
  to put it another way , you have no agenda aside from finding fault with israel and you know what that makes you , do n't you ? 
  [ relevant article ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/religion/articles/2016/01/07/4384978.htm ) , you might find this interesting . 
  you are not alone in being accused of being anti-semitic or a self-hating jew for criticising israel . 
   i find `` self-hating jew '' to be one of the most blatantly bigoted things i actually see on a regular basis and yet it 's somehow considered ok, 
  when i first saw the term `` self-hating jew '' being bandied about in these discussions i honestly initially thought it was a stereotypical insult to a jew being used by anti-semitic bigots . 
  i was actually quite surprised when i first realised that in fact the people throwing it around were in fact right-wing pro-israeli ( and therefore most likely jewish themselves ) commenters !, 
  i can imagine that must have been absolutely mortifying . 
  funny story though , for those times and places you can share it !, 
  i do n't need to evacuate my bowels every single day either , but when i need to i * need * to !, 
  i 've not been to the philippines , but i assume it 's much like other sea countries ? 
  in that case an extra shower 's no kind of hassle and pleasant in and of itself . 
   israel is our strongest ally in the middle east . 
  they are the only functioning democracy in the middle east . 
  they are secular . 
  * israel is nominally an ally of the west generally and the us in particular , but so egregiously abuses these relationships that claiming israel is the us 's strongest ally in the me is an absurdity . 
  let 's consider some of israel 's actions that have run contrary to us/western interests : attack on uss liberty in ' 67 , stealing of fissile material from us stockpiles in '70s and '80s for illegal nuclear program , selling us military technology to china repeatedly , attacking forces fighting isis and thus damaging western efforts to control/destroy isis repeatedly , attempting to subvert us domestic politics - most recently regarding iran deal - repeatedly , mossad assassins using uk & australian citizens ' passports to conduct hits in other us ally 's countries thus violating their sovereignty , constant destabilisation of me , etc , etc , etc. 
  * israel defines itself as a jewish state . 
  it is not secular to the same degree a civilised western country is . 
  hard-right-wing , extreme zionist politics currently dominate the israeli regime yet furthering detracting from israel 's secularity . 
  * claiming israel is a functioning democracy is disingenuous at best : over 1/3 of the people whose lives are controlled by the israeli regime have no representation whatsoever . 
  furthermore the knesset is heavily and disproportionately dominated by hard-right , extreme zionists whose only concern is the submission and colonisation of the wb despite many non-illegal-settler israelis not supporting the colonisation project and suffering due to the eternal state of war that colonisation perpetuates . 
   who actually believes israel simply walked out the front door with our uranium ? 
  [ the fbi , cia and pentagon ] ( http://www.afr.com/business/energy/cold-war-mystery-israeli-spies-may-have-stolen-us-uranium-to-build-the-bomb-20150330-1mawaw ) certainly believe it , amongst much of the rest of the world . 
   attacking who ? 
  hezbollah ? 
  western forces have n't been trying to stop isis , just deter them . 
  yes , along with the saa and irgc soldiers engaged in the battle against not only isis , but other sunni fundamentalist groups in syria such as al-nusrah ( who you might remember as the group that receives all its healthcare from israel too ) . 
  when you say the west * are n't * trying to destroy isis , what do you base that assertion on ? 
  it 's just that all western leaders have been fairly specific about wanting to destroy isis and that doing so is their ultimate goal in syria/iraq and that is why they have been bombing the crap out of them for some time now . 
  what , iyo , are they trying to `` deter '' them from ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
   good , if our governments are n't willing to assassinate shitbags then i 'm happy mossad will do it, 
  aside from the fact that it is a massive abuse of these other nations ' trust , the point is that in abusing the trust of their `` allies '' in the west to commit it 's illegal , extra-judicial killings ( which is not to say the murdered palestinians were innocents in any way ) by stealing citizens ' passports to issue to the mossad murder team , israel is greatly endangering the lives of completely innocent individuals from those `` allied '' countries should they travel in the me . 
  specifically the people whose passports were stolen and used ( generally australian/uk jews living in israel ) , but also anyone from those countries if it is suspected they may not be tourists , but mossad assassins . 
  i ca n't believe you could n't work that one out for yourself ; may i ask if you were being deliberately obtuse or simply do not care about anything except israel 's goals to the point you are blinded to such obvious issues ? 
   all countries have a hardcore right wing , so what , sociology 101 . 
  zionism is not necessarily a religious movement , there are many atheist zionists , more commonly known in the west as nationalists . 
  no , zionism is not * necessarily * a * purely * religious movement , but it does have a very strong religious component that the extreme zionists with whom netanyahu has chosen to ally himself politically embody . 
  reference the `` hilltop youth '' as the purest embodiment of the colonists ' religiosity , despite how ( ironically given the support other `` zionists '' give them ) they seek to overthrow the zionist state and install a jewish king . 
   concluding your rant with a bds statement , lovely . 
  what part of my comment is `` ranting '' ? 
  how is stating a fact `` a bds statement '' ? 
  are you implying what i think you are about my attitude towards jews ? 
   ~ ~ remember ~ ~ whatabout when israel gave back the entire sinai to egypt in a compromise for peace ? 
  different conflict with a different country and it did result in a lasting peace . 
  what does it have to do with palestine though ? 
  the only thing i can think of is an example of why israel * should * allow a peace deal to go through instead of netanyahu 's government constantly running interference . 
  after all , lasting peace * has been * achieved with jordan and egypt following both sides making compromises . 
  if the peace deal is broken israel would then be able to retaliate without the intense international odium it currently suffers , demonstrated very clearly by this year 's encouraging ( to those of us who are pro-peace , pro-israel * and * pro-palestine - easily reconcilable positions to anyone uninfected with the twisted ideology of colonisation and bigotry that bedevils the entire situation ) diplomatic initiatives including measures from the eu , france , the usa , sweden and the un just in these first six weeks . 
  a clear inference is that netanyahu and his political allies - especially ofir akunis , ayelet shaked and other cabinet members representing parties that are extreme-zionist/far-right extremist - are delaying peace to allow time for more illegal settlement growth . 
  why else would they sabotage * every * peace agreement effort ? 
  is that a dig at my username , in response to the final question in my comment ? 
  the best answer then is still that israel does not have an internationally recognised capital ; however , as almost all foreign embassies are located in tel aviv and only two countries recognise jerusalem as the capital , tel aviv is still the de facto internationally recognised capital . 
  i was , therefore , technically incorrect in my initial statement . 
  what does that even mean in this case ? 
  outside of the capital are n't they referred to as consulates , not embassies ? 
  countries generally have one embassy ( where the ambassador is based ) per foreign country , but multiple consulates in other major cities . 
  i think it 's these to which you are referring . 
  read the article . 
  israel were involved from the start . 
  they blew the op because netanyahu pressured mossad into releasing a version of the virus which began spreading outside the target site , in his impatience to cause damage to iran . 
  so are the airborne divisions ' officers and ncos selected on ability rather than due to influence ? 
  given the nature of saudi society and political system how is that possible in what are , presumably , the most prestigious units in the army ? 
  i just wonder because your description is so completely at odds with the descriptions given elsewhere in this thread by former western servicemen who trained with them of the saudi forces ' efficacy . 
  this is such an encouraging development from a country that used to be israel 's implacable enemy and was , only recently , ruled by the muslim brotherhood !, 
  it takes time , but cultural changes such as this are a true peace dividend . 
  israel now seems to cooperate well with both jordan and egypt , something that must have seemed utterly impossible only forty years ago . 
  i hope that one day i get to read a similar story about palestinian schoolbooks ... 
  thanks , that was very interesting . 
  the conflict in yemen really is n't well covered in the press , neither are the saudi ground forces generally , except for arms deals and so on . 
  it sounds like the issues mentioned below are being addressed . 
  together with combat experience gained do you think it 's making the military better at dealing with issues such as logistics as well as tactically ? 
  we 're all aware of the awful material hamas in particular produce , from schoolbooks to cartoons . 
  i 'm sure the egyptian schoolbooks used to be at a similar level . 
  unfortunately , during an active conflict , propaganda is inevitable . 
  the history of israel/egypt/jordan , however , demonstrates that peace can be achieved between sworn enemies and that it is worth the inevitable compromises required to reach a deal . 
  of course fanatic ideologues will demand no compromise , but they have to be overcome and their voices drowned out . 
  only then , sadly , will we see an end to the endless cycle of violence and hatred . 
  you have been banned from r/excel, 
  no imaginary internet points for text posts so i guess the joke 's on him . 
  the same thing happens a lot in australia - a great proportion of the 7/11 employees who have been underpaid are indians being exploited by other indians .
