  he does , cis-gendered shitlord !, 
  my dad 's been there while in russia for work - says it 's absolutely beautiful . 
  he went in summer though , when people go out and picnic at their dachas ( russian holiday cabins ) ; not when it was like it is in this picture . 
  pretty successful in a number of different roles , from night-fight to anti-shipping patrol aircraft - they were tough , fast , powerful and long-ranged and handled very well for aircraft their size . 
  they packed a good punch and made mincemeat of a lot of both japanese and german shipping . 
  until the absolutely superlative mosquito came along they were also probably the best night-fighter in allied service and made life very difficult for luftwaffe raiders over england and night-fighters attacking raf heavies alike . 
  all round an excellent aircraft with an impressive combat record . 
  you must be living in one of the pockets where natural cheese is not frowned upon . 
  are you in wisconsin perhaps , or a neighbourhood with a lot of first-generation immigrants from cheese-eating nations ? 
  they really should , especially after that dick move they pulled with the discounted gift cards at christmas ... 
  that was literally like something the villain in a dickens novel would do ; truly awful . 
  i actually think the way they trashed the company then listed it alone should be enough to see them suffer consequences - insolvent trading was really just the icing on the cake after that had already gone on . 
  i think that 's in the natural cheese band with wisconsin . 
  * most moral army in the world ^ ^ tm * guys , so let 's cut them some slack here and keep things in perspective . 
  so what if their spiritual and moral leader is allowing the rape of gentiles , they like totes drop leaflets and stuff sometimes before bombing civilians in their homes . 
  so yeah , i think we can all judge for ourselves that these things all balance out . 
  he means he does n't find her pretty - `` she 's got a hot body , but her face [ butterface ] is n't very nice '' . 
  it 's a thing arseholes say . 
  it really does !, 
  i like how you even included tasmania , that state gets forgotten * way * too often . 
  and poke ~ ~ mon ~ ~ her afterwards too . 
   you seem triggered, 
  u/measle , 10 hours ago, 
  makes me feel happy to be living in australia , where all beef is open-range , grass-fed and largely free of hormones/antibiotics , due to geography as much as legislation . 
  i do n't buy imported seafood , and although i am sure i do occasionally get sold an imported prawn in a curry or whatever , we get so much good , local seafood that i am quite sure i avoid the dreaded mekong mudfish masquerading as '' < insert expensive fish name here  '' pretty much always . 
  of course , in australia we pay quite a lot more than people do in the states , with my city ( perth , western australia ) rated one of the most expensive cities to live in globally . 
  we also get pretty decent wages though , so all in all things balance out ok . 
  from the thumbnail i half expected to see jawas running around . 
  ouch !, 
  yeah i can imagine it stays pretty chilly all year round , in the water at least . 
  avengers were n't really pos , especially compared to the devastators they replaced . 
   th elga of melbourne is 36, 
  sorry mate , you 've lost me with that one , i honestly do n't know what you mean now ... 
  edit : i think you just got autocorrected and meant the lga ? 
  if so , the population of the melbourne lga - within the 36km ^ ^ 2 - is ~ 127k . 
  well under 1m . 
  you might have to explain what it is you want to know in a bit more detail . 
  i find my spag bol reheats just fine , and that the flavour even matures so it tastes better ( with a sauce made from scratch rather than a jar , or even one from a jar , albeit to a lesser extent ) . 
  maybe the brand of sauce you use has some preservatives or other filler-type ingredients in it that do not reheat very well more than once ? 
  this post in r/food from yesterday has some interesting information about that type of issue ( though nothing specifically about prepackaged pasta sauces ) in us food :, 
  it 's very easy to make a spaghetti sauce from scratch just using fresh tomatoes , tinned tomatoes , tomato paste , onions , garlic and other herbs according to taste . 
  not quite as quick as opening a jar , but not that much longer either . 
  if a homemade sauce is tasteless and clumpy when reheated , then perhaps you have a faulty microwave !, 
  ( assuming you men microwave reheating ... ), 
  and that little girl 's name ? 
  ( born 1947 . ), 
   frites, 
  that 's `` freedom fries '' round these parts , partner ... 
  wait , did you mean sas is a circlejerk , or the sub i found that on ? 
  ( i only found it because it was linked to from * another * sub too - idk anything about r/weekend gunnit . 
  if so sorry for misinterpreting your comment . 
  clearly - if that 's the case - you were n't triggered at all ... 
  yeah sorry mate , i thought you were an american getting salty about sas !, 
  they do that you know ... 
  shhhh ... that 'll get you downvotes round these parts , partner !, 
  not really - you 're not a salty american , they 're the ones who cop the downvotes , and not just here . 
  nope - though a revolving magazine in the bomb bay is how the b-1b ( for example ) works ... 
  the f-22a carries a much smaller payload though ; the bay 's with open doors in this photo are for aim-9 sidewinders ( aim-9x recently integrated , but aim-9l before that ... ) that swing out to clear the airframe on kind of little gantries that clear the missile free of the bay for launching . 
  there are another set of bays on the underside used to carry aim-120c / ds , jdams , sdbs and etc , though being directly under the aircraft where gravity ensures clearance . 
  this is all off the top of my head and on my phone so i have n't provided any links , but it 's easy enough to find some cool diagrams of . 
  also if any detail is missing or incorrect i am sure someone will be kind enough to correct what i 've written ... 
  not at all , it performed splendidly in fact ... 
  plus inherently better at making pizza than any non-native anerican-italian . 
  of course . 
  why does this til have an eerily israeli bureaucracy quality to it ? 
  could it be ehud barak and his regime 's security apparatus provided more than just `` intelligence '' about iraqi wmds , but also advice on presentation of the evidence too ? 
  how long before the first pokemon is shot `` mistakenly '' by an overenthusiastic idf soldier/pokego player i wonder ? 
  perhaps , but also is n't it possible that you in turn are expressing a notion formed from a presumption ? 
  we all know israel did provide false intelligence , that much is certain . 
  i merely asked a question about israeli pr services , and their provision to the us government . 
  well , i was really just wondering if israel provided any pr/kafkaesque bureaucracy implementation advice , not even speculating about their degree of complicity in the supply of wmds to iraq ( although that 's another interesting topic you 've raised there too in and of itself ... ) , let alone saying they were involved in that manner . 
  tl : dr - i was n't making any claims . 
  baffling - it 's like indians just do not give a flying fuck about the environment or something . 
  do n't be a jerk . 
  having questions about how the israeli government behaves is not antisemitism . 
  sorry , but you honestly can not pin that label on me mate . 
  r/worldnews mainly ... 
  the whole thing of changing elements of the evidence required , then punishing the provider for not following the rules is very reminiscent of the process palestinians must go through to prove their ownership of the family homes they live in within israel ; it was that which provoked my curiosity , given israel 's well known involvement in the initial provision of the false intelligence we were all fed . 
  you clearly have severe difficulties parsing text - it 's stabby rabbi , not stab a rabbi . 
  quite clearly you are going out of your way to be offensive so i 'm going to leave you to it , but first a quick word of advice : not * everything * you can read as some kind of antisemitic slur actually is one . 
  the problem lies in your head , not my words . 
  i never once conflated jews and israel . 
  that was you . 
  go through my entire comment history and you will see that while i am openly critical of israel 's policies with regards to palestine and the religious nationalist right wing i * never * say anything other than i 100 % support israel 's right to continued self-determination as a home for the jewish people in safety and security ; i do not support nor condone any attacks on civilians and i even call out open antisemites when i encounter them . 
  go on , have a look . 
  criticism of the current israeli regime and a belief that the palestinians deserve the same basic human right to self-determination as do the jews of israel is not antisemitic any way you slice it . 
  and none of that has anything to do with jews who are not israel , let alone with israelis being jewish . 
  i 'm not going to enumerate my many positive experiences with jews irl for your elucidation , but i have a great deal of respect for jewish history and culture ; it 's just when i interact with jewish people i do n't think of them as such , but rather just as people . 
  so go point your fingers somewhere else . 
  find one comment mate . 
  i honestly do n't recall talking to you , but if you say so then i imagine it as you making these unfounded personal attacks and me trying to be reasonable in the face of it , as is happening now . 
  if i think all jews are to blame for the behaviour of the israeli government or israel should be destroyed then what purpose would it serve me to say the exact opposite . 
  all reddit is is words , if i say the opposite of what i think then surely i would achieve the opposite of what i meant to achieve ? 
  but like i say , find one comment and prove me wrong if you 're so sure you 're right . 
  i honestly do n't know , i have n't had that experience . 
  sauce usually tastes better the next day in my experience . 
  looks a bit crazy , like she 's got a bit of a tic . 
  a lunatic , that is . 
  americans have their irony gland removed at birth and replaced with a patriotism pustule . 
  sometimes these patriotism pustules can become infected , or even burst .
