  i 'm no f-35 fanboy , but the weight of evidence certainly seems to me to be suggesting that many of the developmental issues * are * nearing proper resolution and that its intended goals are being met to deliver a very capable jet which does seem to bring a lot of cool capabilities to the party . 
  however , i am strictly an armchair enthusiast who relies only on publicly available information and my own critical thinking to assess this situation so would be very happy to be presented with better data , even if it contradicts what i 've said before . 
  please do share . 
  no , i 'm happy to read your response and think you make some great points . 
  i 'm really not trying to push an agenda as much as hear what other - probably better informed than i - people have to say about these issues . 
  if the saudi regime was involved , or even just knowingly complicit , then you 're quite right that elements of the us government * must * also be guilty of involvement in a cover-up of almost unimaginable dimensions and significance . 
  as far as iran vs ksa goes i will admit i personally feel more empathy with the iranians for a host of reasons , some purely objective and others less so . 
  your analysis of islamic extremism is well put and entirely in line with , if more complete than , my own existing thoughts . 
  aq and ksa are not two peas in a pod despite the ties we know exist to saudi citizens . 
  the shia too are vulnerable to extremist dogma . 
  for that matter , the `` good guy '' kurds also behave atrociously at times ( and i say that having a lot of sympathy for the kurds , even knowing a krg cabinet minister socially by way of my father who has known him as a friend and colleague for many years ) ; put simply , nobody in the me fits all of our western ideals . 
  anyway , my point is i appreciate what your saying and found it interesting . 
  these planes are crazy - especially for their era . 
  remarkable feats of engineering . 
  buying fighters is clearly hard atm - just look at all the stalled or outright failed procurement programs around the world , from the us/partner jsf ioc having slipped so far while switzerland , india , rok , canada , kuwait , uae and others facing issues , delays or having to start over in their selection and purchase processes recently . 
  the market is responding though and development taking place . 
  eurofighter is still being upgraded , with a super hornet style development path of cfts , aesa , ongoing further weapons integration already on the table ( with he kuwait deal specifying tranche 3 aircraft with aesa and a host of advanced weapons including the meteor lraam , storm shadow alcm and brimstone missile as well as the typical pgm - eg paveway , jdams , etc - range to be included ) and entering production . 
  the first gripen ng ( e/f ) has been manufactured now too and the nato integration ( via link-16 has already been done at least ) afaik too for c/ds too . 
  i do n't disagree with what you 're saying about the effective monopolisation of the fighter business by lm at the moment being far from ideal , but i am still reasonably confident the f-35 * will * do what is says on the box . 
  whether that will prove to be worth the cost and trade-offs remains to be seen , but i do n't think it 's a lost cause either . 
  things will definitely be more interesting when the japanese x-3 has matured and the kf-x ( is that right for rok ? ), 
  has moved past the drawing board though . 
  it should even be better if/when the plaaf j-20 / f-31 and russian su-35s / pak-fa actually enter production then service - hopefully that will wake the west up to the need to maintain a qualitative edge and clear the logjam you describe . 
  i do n't think she needs you to white knight for her mate . 
  if a cop here , in australia , spoke to me like that it would only been after i had made a cunt of myself and done something to piss them off . 
  maybe all the cops you have ever spoken to have had an uncomfortable stick up their arses , but those i have interacted with have spoken to me like normal people . 
  thanks - i missed that tricycle nose wheel , but once you zoom in it 's clear . 
  elsewhere in his history ( near the top ) is this gem , posted to r/india :, 
   you do though . 
  the usa is the guiding light of the world . 
   every gold medal we win is a result of our amazing society that allows people to fulfill their potential . 
  you would be wise to pay attention , learn from and eventually emulate us . 
   krishna told arjuna to be great and great he became . 
  it 's in your culture you just need some red white and blue to bring it out . 
  at what point are these people just trolls ? 
  i mean , the crap this guy talks sounds more like a troll 's ranting so than a reasoned collection of thoughts . 
  ha yeah - there 's this one big , rambling post with sentences ** in bold caps ** mixed through where he 's mixing his `` oirish accent '' by spelling idiots as `` eejits '' with his terper terms like cuck . 
  it 's a hilarious admixture . 
  i did n't mean a trolling sas troll though , just a common or garden troll , stomping through various subs ... 
  ah ok . my mistake - thanks for telling me . 
  yeah , capturing a soldier - not even killing them - is morally equivalent to the massacre of a village 's population ... 
  that is the sabre flown over korea by john glenn , the future astronaut . 
  there are two excellent novels about claudius , * i , claudius * and * claudius the god * , written by english author robert graves . 
  although fictionalised , the books capture the history very well in between the parts graves filled in with his plot elements and they are very well written . 
  these books are the original source material from which the bbc tv series , as mentioned by a couple of other commenters , was drawn . 
  i bet they still work . 
  that 's a german 7.92 mm cartridge - p163 is the manufacturer ( metallwarenfabrik treuenbritzen gmbh , werk selterhof ) , 40 is the year of manufacture , the s * means brass cartridge case and the 5 a lot number . 
  [ source ] ( http://home.scarlet.be/p.colmant/german7_92x57.htm ), 
  only one way to find out man . 
  try drinking a * few * drams at once next ... 
  please do n't do that !, 
  i did n't mean it . 
  seriously though , that does n't sound right and i 'd be careful . 
  do you normally drink any other alcohol like beer or wine ? 
  what do they do to you ? 
  what is your ethnicity ? 
  some ethnic groups genetically have a * very * low tolerance - many taiwanese , for example , get very flushed after a single drink , which also makes them itchy and they get very drunk from very little . 
  ( the cause of this is inherited - their ancestors can not have produced alcohol . ), 
  if you can drink beer and wine then maybe it 's something about whisky , not just alcohol . 
  do you have any other allergies ? 
  anyway , i 'm not a doctor , but i would advise you proceed with caution and perhaps speak to one . 
  as much as i enjoy a dram , it 's not worth making yourself sick over . 
  hope it is just coincidence !, 
  i know right - that 's a clip !, 
  no worries - an extra fun fact is that the brass cartridge case marking is quite significant for german wwii ammunition . 
  most cartridge cases are brass , that metal being better suited than steel for a number of reasons including resistance to rust ( oxidisation ) . 
  however , by the end of wwii the germans were so short of brass they were forced to manufacture steel cases which they then coated with a lacquer so they would n't rust . 
  the problem was that the lacquer would melt as the guns heated up , leading to jamming as the internals and barrel clogged up . 
  a brass cartridge case like this one would obviously be much preferred by the german soldiers . 
  i would read * i , claudius * first - you 'll get so much more from them reading them in the correct order . 
  hypnotic . 
  at a guess * this * puppy already knows the colby story ... 
  let me guess - your gf did n't want to get her feet wet ? 
  how to make your dream country think you 're a cunt 101 : sue them because they wo n't do what you want . 
  seriously though , i personally hold grave reservations and freely deeply discomfited with regards to the way we treat asylum seekers , but would rather they `` stopped the boats '' than let people drown at see or see australia riven by the same tensions raised by europe 's experiment with untrammelled immigration . 
  the fact is that australia is not the first safe country for * any * of the asylum seekers , with the possible exception of some sri lankens and then only technically as india is far closer . 
  ( i mean one may sail directly from sri lanka to here without landing anywhere else , but there are plenty of other , closer , safer destinations en route . ), 
  i feel australia needs to increase the number of refugees we accept and clear up the inhumane mess that is the detention centre system , but * somehow * it needs to be done without allowing those who attempted to enter illegally any advantage for their effort to circumvent the system . 
  returning to my original point , why should australia be bullied/emotionally blackmailed into accepting such individuals ? 
  why would we want such people as think this is the right way to get what they want as members of our society ? 
  i did say i think we need to accept more refugees , i really am not opposed to offering more refugees a new life whatsoever . 
  i know we can afford more and believe our society benefits from infusions of new people , not is damaged . 
  i am just anti-people-smuggling / - smuggler . 
  obviously it * has * to be policed - if it were not there would be carnage in those seas . 
  the problem is policing the smuggling ends up with a lot of the refugees in custody . 
  so what * can * australia do with those people ? 
  they who did n't stop in first safe country and apply , but paid to risk their and their family 's lives in an effort to jump the queue ? 
  ( ftr i also empathise with such dreadful determination and do n't think people bring their kids like that for economic reasons , but only out of desperation . ), 
  unfortunately giving them entry only validates the business model . 
  there is an endless supply of indonesian fishermen for whom even with a few years in an aussie prison the smugglers ' pay makes the trip worthwhile . 
  it 's fucked up and i do n't have an answer , but what else can you do ? 
  you probably really do n't . 
  understanding how to use simple tools and implements , such as cutlery . 
  it * is not necessary * to keep switching hands just to slice off a piece of food and insert it into your mouth . 
  from `` the bloody hundredth '' ( 100th bg , so nicknamed due to the heavy casualties they suffered and identifiable by the square with d in it ) no less ... 
  i see they kept on the advertising department when they stopped building cars . 
  what country is this ? 
  those look like nz symbols , but nz does n't * have * an army . 
  sorry mate , it was just an australian 's joke . 
  nz does have an army , which is small , but well-trained and often operates in conjunction with the australian army .
