  unsurprisingly , many opponents were conquered by making the `` right '' choice at that point in time . 
  the best way to win is by avoiding the battle , and this strategy allowed the mongols to do just that on many occasions . 
  the mongol empire was actually very well managed and not such a terrible entity to be part of . 
  this fact made the choice mentioned above much easier to justify for conquered peoples and contributed to the mongols success both before and after any conquest in that way . 
  which is the innate danger of giving away too many rights so the government can `` keep us safe '' ... 
  already the post-911 , gwot-era in which we live has seen a massive erosion of privacy and other legal protections , targeted at criminals or `` terrorists '' , but frighteningly easy to be turned on anyone with whom the government disagrees . 
  right now our government is pretty benign , but should any kind of extremist grab power then these laws , meant to `` protect '' us , could easily be turned against anyone who dares raise their voice . 
  yes , though in india where cows are sacred to hindus they use monkey cum instead , so do n't buy any cheap indian import glue !, 
  no shit , that was the * exact * sentence i had in my mind when i clicked through to answer . 
  it 's the aussie rite-of-passage beer , is n't it ? 
  i 'm not even from victoria , i live in wa . 
  maybe things are different in qld or nsw where they drink even worse shite ( fosters , xxxx ... smh ) , but for many aussies the answer would be the same as you provided and i would have if you had n't . 
  reddit 's been around for eleven years now , and got popular pretty quickly . 
  while you young ` uns were still stuck in club penguin or whatever a lot of people who are older than the `` average redditor '' were already logging on . 
  even teens are too smart to drink fosters , lol !, 
  i wonder about the banana benders though ? 
  did * they * have the sense to avoid xxxx ? 
  well , that explains a lot actually . 
  exactly . 
  i had turkey in mind as a wrote my last comment ; any crisis can be used by an authoritarian regime to round up their opposition , especially when they have been slowly , but surely , chipping away at legal/constitutional protections as they prepare for just such an opportunity . 
  australia is a lot more stable in its democratic principles than turkey , but that does n't mean we can be complacent . 
  never say never - as unlikely as it seems , and hopefully is , the truth is it * could * happen here given the right combination of personalities and circumstance . 
  you will indeed . 
  with two seats required for the flight back . 
  those reconnaissance pilots had some balls . 
  flying alone and unarmed over occupied europe . 
  all too often their essential work is forgotten compared to the fighters and bombers , but the job they did was absolutely essential to the war effort ; especially for major operations like overlord . 
  the lightning is such a great plane , it was great at whatever mission it was assigned and i have to say i love how the `` fork-tailed devil '' looks too . 
  play one-for-one . 
  it 's a fun game we play in australia where you take turns punching each other on the top of your arm/side of your shoulder to see who can get the most obvious response from the other . 
  suggest that and she 'll know you are n't trying to get into her pants , it 's a bro thing . 
  my [ mont blanc meisterstuck le grand rollerball in bordeaux burgundy ] ( http://d2ydh70d4b5xgv.cloudfront.net/images/1/1/montblanc-meisterstuck-legrand-rollerball-bordeaux-burgundy-162r-very-rare-fd2c91ab09a63ad266e9f2e38389ef16.jpg ) is my favourite pen , very comfortable to hold and writes very smoothly . 
  it 's also no longer available in the burgundy , so it 's nice to have one in that colour . 
  finally a story of hope and inspiration coming out of the whole israel/palestine mess . 
  as a famous man once said , `` life , uh , finds a way '' . 
  there is a pretty big jump between the 18 and the 21 , but at the moment , in my current stash , the 21 i have is definitely my favourite bottle and i think worth the price . 
  that said , i have only tried the 25 in a bar because despite how greatly i enjoyed it then , so far i 've just baulked at the price . 
  however , i am heading to the uk at christmas and hoping to take advantage of the falling pound to pick up some whiskies at relatively reasonable prices . 
  idk if i will actually buy the 25 even then , but there are some single cask ` goynes and ` dronachs i have my eyes on ... 
  i love the smell of angkor wat in the morning . 
  it 's the smell , it 's the smell of noodle soup ... 
   rape is prohibited according to all sects in judaism from the most ultra orthodox to the most lenient in reform judaism, 
  except during times of war , and when the victim is a goy of course . 
  according to the idf 's charming chief rabbi , col. eyal karim , at least . 
  most liberal theocracy in the me guys . 
  they hold pride parades and everything so just be cool . 
  i mean people have been stabbed at said parades on multiple occasions , but despite that ( and this ) israel is * totes * gay friendly so we have * no right * to criticise them for the palestinian children killed by the idf . 
  or something like that . 
  it 's hard to keep the exact details of all these excuses straight in my stupid aussie head , but you get the gist . 
  they 'd be able to just fine if their country was n't being occupied by a force of hostile , foreign invaders . 
  that 's what 's inspiring about this story ; too often the narrative coming from israel and palestine alike * is * `` fuck life , let 's just kill '' , but this is something different . 
  it really is something special , and having the bottle means you get to enjoy it all the way through from first opening through different degrees of oxygenation . 
  the first time i tried the 21 was in a bar where i got the last dram from a bottle that had been open for god only knows how long , and it was distinctly underwhelming . 
  happily though , i gave it another try and was just blown away , which led directly to my buying the bottle . 
  definitely not a daily dram for me , but then otoh i 'm not letting what happened to the first dram of it i tried happen to * any * of my current bottle !, 
  i am totally cool with that , although i agree it 's sad it 's necessary . 
  it 's definitely better than just not providing certified products at all though . 
  and personally i do n't care a whit if that whole charade costs me a few extra cents whenever i take a shopping basket through the checkout . 
  actually they 're pretty smart - all those problems can be solved with the correct application of guns if you just use the person with the problem 's ( being sick , being pregnant , having a job , etc ) head . 
  i mean it 's common sense really . 
  gun laws are for stupid people . 
  an important point , well expressed . 
  bigotry is equally unpleasant no matter whom its victimand trying to claim islamophobia is not racism is like trying to claim antisemitism is n't either . 
  australians ( of a certain mindset ) used to fear `` the yellow peril '' , then we had reffoes of various complexions to hate on , boat people and now muslims . 
  it 's all the same shit from the same shitheads , no matter what their `` rationale '' . 
  i 'll share another notion for the record : pauline hanson 's views on aboriginal australians and asians have n't been replaced by her `` rational fear of islamification '' , they 've just been joined by another , new , bat in her belfry and she 's just learned not to speak of her old fave raves , in public at least . 
  cheese !, 
  the south will rise again , and then they 're going to switch back . 
  that 's certainly the case . 
  the copyright of the photo is owned by the national museum of the u.s. air force , and it is attributed as being a captured aircraft in replicated markings . 
  it is an a model too . 
  it 's in another comment with a link , but johnny 's burger joint in perth , western australia . 
  so if it 's not negative enough for you i guess that means you 'd like more negativity ? 
  it can make you paranoid ? 
  you sound fun . 
  i vote for giant statue of bin laden , with speakers built in that recite his speeches endlessly . 
  thick skins though , at least you can always count on american culture to give its propenents a healthy thick skin ... 
  mc hammer , vanilla ice - you know it !, 
  the iranian terrorist drone aggressively caused the israeli friendship and peace missiles attempting to greet it in a spirit of welcoming brotherhood to crash into each other by deliberately moving out of their paths in an act of flagrant provocation . 
  looks more like a katydidnt to me . 
  you just admitted to committing the crime of buying illegal guns , or at least allowing illegal gun sales to take place with your tacitly condoning of the criminal activity taking place ( as you do n't just shoot the illegal gun sellers in the leg and then make a citizen 's arrest , which is obviously something you could do standing on your head ) and your catchphrase at the end there is * still * `` more guns less crime '' , with its supporting evidence being a hypothetical that has not happened yet where an armed civilian * shoots a terrorist in the leg * ? 
  the other dude is right . 
  fucking millennials * are * the right-wing little shits under discussion . 
  they 're totally cool with some things , such lgbt issues , but fucking * hate * different ethnicities if they get all uppity and demand rights or whatever , and do n't even mention the 'm ' word ... 
  that 's why any news stories about terrorism or immigration in europe are full of people calling each other cucks and shit . 
  `` blimey guv , do n't take off yet - you dropped a bloody prop ! '', 
  poor trusting little lambs they are . 
  same sort of shit happens to them when they visit australia . 
  username checks out . 
  racist motherfucker . 
  it starts with a kangaroo joke here or there , but before long they 're asking in all seriousness if you have a koala in your back garden and before you know it saying they do n't enjoy vegemite . 
  this type of discrimination has to stop !, 
  how surprising . 
  i wonder what nationality they intend to experiment on , or if they 'll just use condemned prisoners ? 
  was n't he cute when he made his first few stumbling efforts at defending israel 's behaviour in palestine ? 
  now he 's at the grumpy teenage hasbarim stage where the dawning realisation that not everyone 's going to buy his bullshit just because he said it on the internet is triggering the kind of angst expressed with a `` goth phase '' or whatever in normal teens , but which here comes out as increased aggression towards dissent and an increasing reliance on semantics . 
  soon he 'll be pulling off those showy media manipulation techniques the elder hasbarim prefer - deflection , distraction and diversion . 
  they grow up so fast , do n't they ? 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  what tribe ?
