  my thoughts exactly !, 
  i was like `` penne ? 
  where are the chips ? '', 
  that 's when the machines will start using people to power them and enslave us all !, 
  the meat-puppet quoted at the end of the article even admits it :, 
   `` this is n't saying this is the end of moore 's law . 
  it 's stepping back and saying what really matters here -- * and what really matters here is * *** computing *** . '', 
  [ emphasis my own . ], 
  wake up sheeple , blah blah , blah ... 
  there you go ... 
  is n't what he 's saying a bit , well , * short-man syndromey * in and of itself ? 
  it sounds like he 's reassuring himself as much as assuring us of the usa 's place among the nations , lol . 
  no way . 
  that 's an * alpha * carrot , if ever i saw one !, 
  and he 's right - you * should n't * try to corrupt * any * democracies . 
  in fact , i 'd go so far as to suggest that invading for gain or corrupting * any * other country just because you do n't like how they do stuff is bad generally . 
  iraq , afghanistan , grenada , cuba , panama , nicaragua , iran , vietnam , cambodia , philippines , dominican republic all spring immediately to mind , and they 're not the full list by any stretch of the imagination . 
  edit : word changed . 
  yeah , well , i 'm guessing that 's where you pick up chicks . 
  but oh so much more * fun * !, 
  * you 're * not replying ? 
  i 'm not surprised , therein lay the entire 101 course in `` explaining '' the situation in palestine . 
  all you omitted was the mystical bullshit about first-generation immigrant european jews being somehow * more * indigenous than the palestinians . 
  almost everything you have mentioned has borne only the most tenuous similarities to the ongoing illegal colonisation of the west bank and associated apartheid regime inflicted upon the `` occupied '' , indigenous palestinian population ; if not barely and tenuously connected you are talking about events firmly in the past . 
  the occupation has been in place continuously since '67 with increasingly egregious offences being committed under its aegis . 
  to deny the blatantly obvious connexion between oppression and retaliatory violence , and the cycle whereby both feed upon each other , can only be wilful stupidity . 
  of course there is a direct correlation ; this fact is * only * denied by pro-israeli propaganda . 
  sorry , as i said i support israel completely , but can not accept that the behaviour we observe being inflicted upon the palestinians is either justified , legal or moral . 
  despite my support for israel i have to say there would n't be any problem if the zionists had not chosen palestine as zion . 
  if , for example , they had selected the region stalin created as a jewish homeland in the soviet far east then today there would be no palestine conflict . 
  the so called inexplicable war of aggression in '47 followed a fractious period of illegal immigration and an extremely violent terrorist campaign inflicted by the zionists to achieve their political goals , which were achieved by the illegal , unilateral declaration of the israeli state . 
  israel now is and should remain - within the '67 borders or something very similar - though primarily because to try to unwind israel would cause more suffering than a two-state solution would . 
  not because israel has some god given right to exist , or the jews to a homeland * there * , or that the violence israel applies so freely has somehow earned it the right to exist in palestine , but just because it is now a functioning state which would be worse to dismantle to leave intact . 
  that does not mean israel should not be subject to international law , far from it . 
  that does not mean israel is free to act as though it 's 1800 and they 're civilised people among barbarians ( a laughable notion that nonetheless some seem to hold ) . 
  the occupation must be ended and a solution achieved . 
  the only alternative is more conflict and death on both sides . 
  israel may suffer fewer casualties , but it earns greater odium . 
  we shall see which matters more in the long run one day . 
  the world is not endlessly patient , even for the poor , victimised , long-suffering state of israel . 
  edit : to be perfectly clear , i support the need for a jewish homeland and the jewish nation 's right to one 100 % , and now israel exists where it does i support its continued existence , within the green line of course . 
  i am just pointing out if the zionist pin had been stuck in the map somewhere other than palestine there would n't be this conflict there now . 
  period . 
  fucking everything , i live in a city that usually ranks in the top ten for highest cost of living worldwide - perth in western australia . 
  both . 
  that 's like that ape to man evolution poster , but with pugs whose noses get progressively squishier l-r . 
  none are anything like this poor animal though . 
  the soldiers ? 
  nobody ever said they are . 
  personally i would like to see every member of the israeli military or government , as well as all settlers , involved in the occupation of palestine at any point investigated and those who committed war crimes sent to the hague to face a tribunal as part of the peace deal , although i do realise the idea might encounter some resisted from extreme right wing israeli ideologue zealots . 
  obviously the thousands of preliminary investigations and potentially hundreds of trials required will takes some decades to clear , but the * criminals * involved can be held in detention until their trial date like any other criminal would . 
  this would have the benefit of clearing out large swathes of the illegal colonialist settler populations before the settlements are bulldozed , which will surely save israeli lives - both of the idf soldiers clearing the colonies and settlers who might try to resist . 
  it would also go some way to restoring israel 's standing in the community of nations , another important part of the country 's rehabilitation after decades of odium due to those mentioned above 's heinous actions . 
  the peace process must help israel as well as palestine or it could not be considered fair . 
  i am sure we can all agree measures such as those mentioned above will make achieving this goal much more tangible . 
  luckily many palestinian fighters have already served time for their crimes , so fewer of them shall need to face such tribunals which will help ensure shorter queues for the israeli criminals ( or rather alleged criminals , at least until they 're actually convicted ) . 
  might be worth prosecuting the israeli binary trading industry participants , all tens of thousands of them , at the same time as that is also an international crime inflicted upon the world by a few ( well , a few tens of thousands ) bad eggs in israeli society . 
  edit : made it more clear that i do not consider all idf soldiers war criminals . 
  look guys , i realise this is a bit of a rough draft of such a proposal , but i think it should be talked about . 
  nobody , i am quite sure , wants to live among murderous thugs - my intention is not to hurt israel , but instead to help it heal . 
  please read what i actually wrote , and do so objectively . 
  push for an end to the occupation then , so they can go to band camp instead . 
  it 's great to hear an israeli supporting increasing openness for the people of gaza in r/worldnews , and of course the egyptians should also participate . 
  if , as you express concern about , the rockets * do * start flying then the gazans must then accept responsibility for their actions and those responsible should be identified , pursued and brought to justice . 
  one point : gaza is still considered occupied as israel exerts control over all entry/exit points , airspace and territorial waters . 
  there may be a minimal israeli footprint within the confines of the area since the settlement withdrawal , but gaza is still under the control of an occupying power . 
  i am actually not anti-israeli ( in fact i am a confirmed zionist who believes entirely in israel 's right to continued security , prosperity and self-determination as a nation where the jewish people may find a safe home ) , let alone antisemitic ( not all israelis are jews , not all jews are israelis , not all israelis support the colonisation project , most israelis are just normal , decent human beings : all these things i understand and hold to true ) and i am a little saddened that i obviously did not manage to make my sympathy for israel 's plight as clear as i had tried to . 
  of course israel has the right to defend itself and in the yom kippur war ( for example ) that was unequivocally what the idf did , although the circumstances of the other wars are less clear cut . 
  i am not saying * every * idf soldier * is * a war criminal , but is not * every soldier * involved in any vicious war such as those israel has involved itself in , let alone a decades long occupation , a * potential * war criminal ? 
  i 'm from australia , whose all volunteer military enjoys a standard of professionalism conscript armies may only dream of and * we * have had to investigate the actions of our soldiers in afghanistan when civilians have died . 
  it is part of the cost of engaging in conflicts , but it is vital to ensure that nations do not lose their humanity in the midst of violent confrontation and its aftermath . 
  most conscript soldiers were , i am sure , just following orders . 
  however , we all know many outliers exist who broke the rules of engagement or international laws : the utterly vile elor azaria being just the latest very public example . 
  this is why i suggest preliminary investigations with only those found to have crossed the line to be sent for trial . 
  it is far from a blanket statement , and the intention behind it is * not * to hurt israel , but to * help * both nations heal . 
  surely * nobody * wants to live in a society where brutal murderers are given a free pass ? 
  i know i am glad i do not . 
  my username has been the topic of numerous discussions , but suffice to say it bears no animus towards rabbis , but rather is a reference to a group widely recognised as the first terrorist organisation in the world 's history , [ the sicarii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicarii ) . 
  it is intended as a reference to the cyclical nature of violence . 
  if you would like me to explain further i will do so ; alternatively i am quite sure you are capable of finding one of the many , many other times i have explained their history and its relevance in detail . 
  edit : forgot a, 
  i count myself as a zionist my friend , and certainly do not wink when i say that . 
  i would * love * you to find * any * examples of `` overtly racist '' comments in my history : go nuts , it 's all there . 
  if you read my proposition closely you will notice i say * only those found by a preliminary investigation * should be sent to any tribunal ; not * all * idf members . 
  many idf soldiers , i am sure , serve with honour ; however , even you must admit not all do so ( elor azaria ring a bell ? ) . 
  my proposal was not intended to hurt israel , but rather to help both nations heal . 
  as i have said elsewhere , i know i would not want to live in a society where brutal murderers of children and other civilians are roaming free ; i can not imagine that anyone else would either . 
  was * [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak0tp3jz-xe ) * what you were listening to as you baked them ? 
  let 's not forget vietnam . 
  listen mate , i 'm going to have to report this comment too for personal attacks . 
  your last one has already been removed , soon you 'll get banned from the sub . 
  please * try * to wipe the foam from your mouth and engage brain * before * you start typing and i 'm sure we can end up having a reasoned discussion . 
  i think i may have phrased parts of my original post poorly , and have actually gone back to refine what i was saying to remove the implication that thousands of trials would result . 
  i do not think the majority of idf actions are war crimes , but those who are guilty ( from both sides ) do need to be held accountable for healing and reconciliation to work and hold . 
  we 've ( the world ) seen it before with situations like the '90s balkan wars which were just as sectarian and vicious as this conflict . 
  tensions do remain , but life has moved on and younger people seem to have largely shed their resentment ; however , if milosevic et al had * not * been held to account that reconciliation would have been an impossibility to this day . 
  i appreciate your reasoned response too and agree that egypt must fully participate also - israel alone can not be held accountable for the entire region after all , but rather each state must bear its own responsibility . 
  if israel lifts the blockade and hamas abuse israel 's generosity and grace i would definitely support israel 's self-defence in the face of such an unreasonable and unreasoned act . 
  in that case hamas would be entirely the cause of their own destruction and entirely responsible for any civilian casualties that were not directly the illegal actions of individual soldiers ( again , elor azaria is the canonical example or a soldier * not * following orders ) . 
  believe me , i have no love for hamas .
