  israel wants peace ? 
  come on man , wtf ? 
  how do you explain the `` settlers '' or the fact of how many thousands of palestinian civilians - not hamas - are killed by israeli retaliations and collective punishments for pathetic rocket `` attacks '' that rarely , if ever , cause casualties ? 
  or the enforcement of an apartheid state , the suffering of all those civilians forced to live in what are large , blockaded ghettoes while israel ignores the un , any and all efforts at brokering peace and international efforts at improving the situation whilst justifying it due to hamas 's pathetic bluster and empty rhetoric !, 
  and all of your little rants are expressed very , very poorly without even being spelt properly ( despite reddit 's comment boxes inbuilt spell-checking , lol ) which just indicates that you are literally sitting there foaming-at-the-mouth and bashing out ill-informed and violently racist rants that do n't even make any sense !, 
  as i said i do n't find any of this funny except you , personally ... grow the fuck up ... 
  i do n't really see how saying you come from a good family where both parents work and obviously have a good work ethic is attacking you personally , but if it is then sorry . 
  you have missed the point of what i 'm trying to say entirely throughout this conversation . 
  no the fn is obviously not a factor in the rise of global terrorism ; yes they make things worse * in france * !, 
  that was the entirety of my argument all along , you have just hijacked it for your own personal agenda of `` i 'm alright , so fuck them '' . 
  ( i hope you do n't find * that * irritates your sensitive little soul , but i 'm sick of typing about this and wanted to express it pithily . ), 
  i agree . 
  it 's the same as how / r/oldschoolcool has become '' / r/heresanoldphotoofmyparentsorgrandparentsicanwhoreforkarma '' , which is a real shame . 
  any sub that has a broad remit that gets put onto the defaults and subsequently gets dominated by posts of a certain nature to the point that the type of posts that originally made it cool get buried sort of becomes lost to its original subscribers and that is a shame imo, 
  you should n't refer to yourself as `` it '' , you might be a weirdo , but you 're better than that . 
  it does n't * make * you gay , it just demonstrates that you have * always been * gay . 
  so no harm done if you were worried about it somehow changing you . 
  but , but ... you * said * you were a kiwi !, 
  and `` cunt '' . 
  we really do say that a lot too . 
  that was when you could get [ halcion ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/triazolam ) in 1mg/2mg pills , instead of the 0.125 mg ones you 're limited to these days ... 
  they would surely put anybody into a halcion daze !, 
  * halcyon * days indeed ... , 
  when you say `` pull an eichmann '' you mean enact an extra-judicial kidnapping of a foreign citizen from the country in which they hold citizenship ? 
  yes , i can see why they 'd want to discourage that kind of criminal behaviour ... 
  `` ah '' , you say , `` but he was a war criminal ! '', 
  ok , so how would israel react if the argentinians came to israel , kidnapped a former member of irgun or the stern gang and then held a show trial in argentina for the murders of british citizens that had been carried out years before in a third country ( palestine ) before executing said israeli terrorist without recourse to appeal ? 
  is n't it better that overall people in general enjoy a higher standard of living than that some people get to feel better than others ? 
  standard of living has nothing to do with social class , class is a construct that parvenus and the nouveau-riche aspire towards , but those born into the higher social orders do not obsess over . 
  in a strictly literal sense your interpretation of `` social mobility '' per se is correct ; however , it has nothing to do with escaping poverty as is the topic of the article . 
  people like you are simple unreconstructed anti-semites . 
  israel is not evil , nor are jews . 
  that / s is meant to indicate sarcasm mate . 
  you did n't use it correctly which is why you 're being downvoted . 
  israel does n't literally own the us of course , but there is a kernel of a greater truth in what you were trying to say which implying sarcasm detracts from ... 
  i know right . 
  it 's messed up , is n't it ? 
  sam worthington originally came from rockingham , a suburb on perth 's outer fringes , although the thought of anybody moving to rockingham to * improve * their life is quite frankly quite bizarre . 
  it is not the most civilised part of perth from what i hear . 
  enemy of all things good to radicalised muslims * except * blind support for israel and then further destabilisation of the middle east by way of invading iraq which are two of the things that have driven muslims globally into their clutches . 
  but , yeah , apart from that stuff ... 
  i 'm glad you agree with me, 
  the mix i think on balance . 
  i 've tried the other two combinations out in my mind and , as you say , neither really work ... 
  this is right op , you 're merely unfortunate ( albeit lucky ) - it 's your parents who are ignorant jerks . 
  fascist, 
  you forgot the '' / s '' there ... 
   multiracial , tolerant , democratic , liberal, 
  hmmm , you just left out `` apartheid , right-wing , militaristic '', 
  only 600 living there scarcely counts as an occupation , as unpleasant as their presence may be for victims of their extended families ' genuine occupation in palestine ... 
  malm\u00f6 is n't gaza , chill out . 
   for some reason, 
  no ideas around what that might be ? 
  the west has a proven history of disliking fascist , oppressive states that invade their neighbours ... 
  israel invaded lebanon because a couple of conscripts were kidnapped - how is that worse than assassinating generals ? 
  well , there has to be some middle ground between `` nothing '' and `` full-blown invasion '' surely ? 
  that 's not really the point though , you disputed his grasp of history and i just proved you wrong . 
  by your reasoning iran * certainly should * and * is perfectly justified * in attacking israel ... 
  how is kidnapping some conscript private worse than assassinating a general ??? 
  when did iran last attack israel ? 
  hamas may have used iranian weapons , but by that argument the us is slaughtering civilians in palestine , a charge that literally nobody has raised . 
  ever . 
  this whole israeli narrative is hypocritical . 
  it 's one of the most aggravating things about it . 
   the ** us ** is slaughtering civilians in palestine, 
  not that israel is . 
  that 's the other thing that tends to aggravate reasonable people all over the world too . 
  i * know * reasonable people all over the world and they all abhor israel 's criminal actions in palestine . 
  none of them are anti-semitic or want israel to be destroyed , just to start acting like a civilised nation and stop murdering civilians in disproportionately savage reprisals . 
  it 's the exact same revulsion they feel for the nazis and their fascist regime with its murdering of civilians and disproportionate reprisals . 
  not from nz , but been there many times . 
  beautiful place , but very difficult to get past the language barrier if you only speak english . 
  oh man i sure hope you do n't have any old pictures of her hanging around , if you go to jail as a child pornographer you are fucked . 
  literally . 
  seriously get away as quickly and as far as possible . 
  she sounds seriously unbalanced and dangerous for you to be around . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  not getting shot at, 
  due to israel 's disgraceful behaviour in palestine . 
  people are sick of it . 
  it 's not anti-semitism per se , however ; it 's an objection to israeli actions that the paranoid israeli psyche paints as such . 
  at least that 's what i 've observed . 
  head over to / r/worldnews and watch the bunfights , you can read all about there . . 
  it is n't really fair to blame the jewish people for the whole mess because it is the right wing likud party led by benjamin netanyahu currently in power who are the most egregious and aggressive actors in the israeli state , but people find it hard to make the distinction . 
  not everybody in the israeli government are jewish , they allow in some token israeli arabs , but it is likud who firmly control the government . 
  in fact many jews are socially liberal and do not like the relentless killing of civilians by the thousand , the apartheid state that israel has become or the constant propaganda any more than outside observers do , but because israel has been threatened so many times in the past they feel they have to stick together . 
  this is unfortunate because the anti-semitism they fear mainly - from my observances at least - is now driven by what happens in palestine and israel 's patent hypocrisy surrounding that conflict . 
  they try to paint it as a religious conflict whereas it is generally seen as actually concerning the dispossession of the palestinian people and israel 's repression of them . 
  the israeli government then tries to threaten the eu when the possibility of sanctions is raised , bully any government that moves to recognise palestinian statehood , ignores the un and international criminal court , effectively lobbies and grossly manipulates us politics and etc. 
  all of these things have occurred in the past couple of months . 
  again i advise you to look through / r/worldnews . 
  the behaviour of a vocal jewish internet community exacerbates the problem due to the techniques and tactics they use to try to manipulate debate around the subject including tools and rss feeds that alert them to mentions of israel on websites so that they can make comments and vote , students paid to shill on social media and brigading on reddit . 
  yet again look to / r/worldnews to observe . 
  there are numerous references elsewhere on the web to all of this . 
  the palestinians are n't much better in that hamas - the leaders in gaza - are brutal terrorists , but thousands of innocent palestinian civilians are being killed as opposed to tens of israeli civilians while all palestinians are forced to live in miserable poverty . 
  i could go on , but hopefully you have gleaned enough of the gist of things from this already . 
  read the news . 
  the anti-semitism you so fear is largely driven by the perception of the israeli government as the new nazis and the idf as the new ss . 
  thousands of people are dying , it 's just that they 're palestinian so you do n't care . 
  again your point about unequal reprisals merely confirms the duty of iran to strike back at israel for the assassination of their officers .
