  for the record , i personally am a zionist who supports israel entirely , my major issue being with the ongoing illegal colonisation of the west bank and the vilely amoral , religious nationalist , extreme right-wing settlers engaged in it : not israel proper or normal , decent israelis . 
   arabs are as indigenous to west-bank/judea-samaria as anglos to australia . 
  what an odd opinion . 
  cultural arabs are different from ethic arabs from the arabian peninsula - palestinians ' dna has been shown to be indigenous to palestine for millennia . 
  indeed , the closest ethnicity , at least as far as dna goes , is actually the jews ( although obviously ashkenazi jews also have a large admixture of european dna after their millennia of making those communities their home following the decision to leave palestine in roman times and resultant abrogation of any connection with the land ) . 
  i agree with pretty much all you just wrote . 
  as far as the comment you linked in your edit goes , like you , the intransigence of others sometimes forces me to play devil 's advocate too . 
  if people are willing to talk reasonably then i 'll share my actual opinions , but if others are just shouting polemic in my face i will shout back . 
   does dna give you indigenous rights ? 
  no dna alone does n't give anyone indigenous rights - continuously living in the same place longer than anyone else by two orders of magnitude does that . 
   you think jews should get permission from the pa ? 
  are they the authority ? 
  i have no position regarding what jews should do . 
  i think the israeli state should follow international law . 
   no state is born without sin . 
  it 's easy to judge from the comfort of your sofa . 
  do you extend the same degree of tolerance and forgiveness for acts of violence and other illegal/immoral behaviour to the palestinians in their struggle for self-determination , or is it just the zionist terrorists who get a pass ? 
  personally , i feel terrorism is wrong in and of itself , no matter who the perpetrator or the victim . 
   to quote myself : do n't you find it ironic that the first time palestinians have ever been sovereign over a piece of territory was when israel gave it to them ? 
  at the risk of going into infinite recursion here , the irony lies in the indisputable fact that israel possesses no right to define who gets sovereignty and who does n't in palestine , other than the bully 's definition of right coming from might . 
   dna is not a home address . 
  no , but it can be used to demonstrate population movements . 
  anyway , i said it 's the fact the palestinians have an unbroken connection with the land they 've inhabited continuously for millennia that makes them indigenous , not their dna which is merely supplementary evidence useful for debunking anti-palestinian propaganda . 
   i think israel should treat ` international law ' like all other states . 
  my point exactly . 
   sure . 
  why , do you hold a grudge against any state ( besides israel ) ? 
  it 's not like russia came into existence without bloodshed , nor the usa . . uk has a pretty bloody history , not to mention germany . . 
  ok , but these events were a long time in the past , before we had international bodies and processes to resolve conflict and when the world was a much more primitive place . 
  i realise that tribalistic primativism is the name of the game among israel 's religious nationalist movement , but the rest of the world has evolved and such behaviour is no longer considered acceptable . 
  it 's not the dark ages anymore , no matter how much you might wish it is . 
  if israel had taken the area that forms israel proper and then made peace then that would be one thing - there was kind of a legal justification for that ; however , the occupation being used as a vehicle for the illegal colonisation of the west bank has no justification and is a different story entirely , particularly given the vicious cruelty of the zionist extremists who make up the illegal settlements ' population . 
   here , i 'm disputing it . 
  is it up to you to decide who has ` the right ' ? 
  if not , can you clarify to me who possesses it , and how did they end up in their position ? 
  your dispute is irrelevant , you are pressing an ideologue 's bigoted view of the situation . 
  obviously the most appropriate bodies to decide these issues at this point are the icj backed by the un security council . 
  these bodies ended up in this position by way of international agreement and treaty . 
  tbh i really do n't care if i `` prove '' anything to your satisfaction as i think that would be impossible . 
  i am merely expressing my opinions for the benefit of others like me ( ie impartial observers with an interest in the region , its history and its politics ) who are perhaps less well-versed in the issues at this point in time than myself . 
  you are entitled to hold your own views and express them too and i am totally fine with you not agreeing with me . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://viz.co.uk/fifty-foot-tall-feminist-radical-conscience/ ), 
  they 're still invaders that preceded the israelite invaders . 
  analysis of the palestinians ' dna has established their links to the regions original inhabitants , ergo they probably * do * have a lot to do with the philistines . 
  in fact their dna has more in common with jewish dna than any other ethnic group , although without the european component present in ashkenazi jewish dna . 
  the big difference is they did n't leave for 2000 years ( without making any effort to return ) , but rather stayed in the area and maintained their connection with the land . 
  ftr , i am not disputing the rights of israel to self-determination , let alone existence - i am just of the opinion that the palestinians are equally possessed of that natural human right and that the illegal colonisation of the wb is immoral . 
  the palestinians ' disquietude at colonisation is pretty understandable though - if the goal of zionism was n't control then living side-by-side would be much easier . 
  fwiw i think jews should be allowed to live in the wb , but not as israeli citizens . 
  instead to live there they should be allowed to forfeit their israeli citizenship and gain palestinian citizenship instead . 
  such an arrangement would remove any fear of israeli annexation being the jewish citizens ' goal . 
  ( obviously this is predicted on a palestinian state that is stable and able to protect all its citizens - it may seem improbable right now that such an arrangement would work , but such things have happened post-conflict throughout human history . ), 
  that 's absolutely incredible , t makes you wonder what other such enclaves exist in similarly proximity to the modern world . 
  nice - these were my regular lunch in herzegovina ( on holiday ) . 
  looks perfect , and i bet your dog agrees . 
  is bulgarian feta much different from greek , or more something you buy as a proper , unprocessed product instead of risking generic feta ? 
  sure the israel reaction is understandable ; the intransigent * refusal * to accept any share of the responsibility less so . 
  it 's true there has been conflict between the two communities for as long as history has been recorded , and no doubt before , but for the most part it was limited to fairly isolated incidents . 
  my understanding of the history is that life was better for jews under the ottomans than it was in christian europe for most , if not all , of the ottoman period . 
  when the spanish ( stupidly and to their own cost/detriment ) expelled all the jews it was primarily the ottomans who benefitted from having those people - often educated and/or skilled - join their society . 
  those jews were n't stupid - they sought where they would have the best life and the ottomans actively welcomed them . 
  of course the relationship between communities was never perfect , but then when is it ever , no matter which cultures are involved ? 
  that sounds awesome - i 'll keep an eye out for bulgarian feta from now on . 
  persian feta is another nice , creamy version too . 
  i get that people on reddit tend towards expressing their opinions in simplistic terms because the shouting matches so many threads devolve into do n't lend themselves to nuance , but a lot of pro-israeli commenters here will absolutely not accept that israel bears * any * responsibility whatsoever . 
  i also understand that the most extreme voices are the ones that get raised loudest and many other israelis/diaspora jews who are supportive of israel do accept `` their share '' too , but i guess my remark was referring to the internet warriors we see online as well as the nutty religious nationalist right in israeli politics . 
  ( i bet you anything bennett or shaked do n't believe israel has done a thing wrong , ever ! ), 
  it 's not fair to generalise so much though and i really try to avoid doing so whenever whoever i 'm talking with gives me the room not to , so sorry about doing so here . 
  conflict between different groups arises for all sorts of reasons , although the root causes are generally misunderstanding and mistrust . 
  it 's also driven by competition for resources , rulers following a divide and rule approach to governance ( something the jewish people often got the shitty end of without a doubt ) and even just individual arseholes blowing personal disputes up into something worse . 
  i just mean that while anti-semitism is often a driver , it 's not the only source of such conflicts . 
  your analysis of the history is on point there . 
  to extend what you wrote , when poland ( which treated the jews well ) was subjugated by russia and jews were forced into the pale the situation there worsened through no fault of those people - an example of circumstance adding yet more complexity to choices people had open to them . 
  i do n't see why the history of jews in palestine needs to be denied , but agree many others do n't see it that way . 
  it 's all of these things that make me support israel and empathise with the zionist vision ; as i said before i only disagree with israel in terms of the israeli part in the palestinians ' current situation ( and the lying and hypocrisy from that section of israeli society that denies any such part exists ) . 
  i mean , as a coen brothers film i do n't know if nick cage gives it a bad rap anyway , but if he does then it certainly does n't deserve it . 
  it really is a great movie . 
  thailand , alone of its neighbours , was never colonised and has n't been military conquered since about 1800 - a pretty good record for the era and region . 
  australia and nz too , if you do n't count they colonial conquering of the country ( as opposed to the nation ) from the indigenous population in the same way . 
  here , you dropped this : s, 
  unless you strictly mean how it was literally publicly `` justified '' rather than the reason for doing it ? 
  most historians now agree the bomb was n't militarily necessary , but rather was dropped as much for the sake of political strategy as much as it was war . 
  japan was starving , the fire bombing raids were destroying entire cities in a night and the soviets would have crushed the manchuko army entirely in no time at all . 
  no invasion would ( probably ) have been necessary . 
  however , if that had been the case the ussr would have had much more influence on the peace as a joint conqueror of the japanese than they did and that would have risked losing the entirety of east asia to communism , the very real danger of which stalin 's behaviour in eastern and central europe was already making clear . 
  when you 've spent billions building a kickass weapon who the fuck is going to be like `` nah , i wo n't drop it - i 'll just give control over a 1/8th of the planet to the commies '' ? 
   do you have a problem with * fluoridation * by any chance ? 
  for which they still resent each other to this day - that 's why i had to qualify it . 
  still , withstanding the european powers influence and control to the extent they did * is * impressive in and of itself and that it owes more to smart thinking than it does to war just makes it more so imo . 
  by presenting thailand as a sovereign nation in western legal terms they removed the justification for colonisation which was ultimately a much more successful strategy than military resistance was anywhere . 
  done, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ paid ^ ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ ^ by ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ published ^ ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ ^ behalf ^ ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ indian ^ ^ ^ ^ medical ^ ^ ^ ^ association , ^ ^ ^ ^ new ^ ^ ^ ^ delhi, 
  ~ ~ i 'd actually aim a little lower than that to start with even - why not functioning toilets first ? ~ ~, 
  my mistake - i have to admit i only skimmed the first couple of paragraphs and mistakenly thought the government was funding these price drops because the government in australia controls the price of medicine in that way . 
  however , caps were placed on prices which is an entirely different story . 
  screw the drug companies , this is a good move . 
  i meant it in the sense that prevention is better than cure and money spent on emergency services and drug subsidies could maybe be better spent on sanitation , given how excessively expensive government subsidised medicine would be in a country with india 's population , but i was wrong and so talking out of my arse . 
  as well as the cultural traces mentioned in the title , they also left some impressive archaeology , particularly the [ city of ai khanoum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ai-khanoum ) which is now in afghanistan . 
  yes you 're right i 'm sure - the government in one province did build toilets that people did n't use because they thought them dirty . 
  i 'm sure they were n't gleaming white porcelain , but even so not understanding the health issues is something that can only be fixed with education .
