  try using paragraphs - walls of text seem too much like * ranting * . 
  listen to your own advice : people wo n't give much credence to anybody who is blatantly biased ( eg ranting ! ) ... 
  i can see through that to understand your point , but still maintain that the situation is palestine is morally bankrupt . 
  i am not anti-israeli , i would see myself as a humanist who has empathy for the innocents on * both * sides . 
  i was primarily trying to explain the western view , although it is my view too . 
  i am certainly not anti-zionist , let alone anti-semitic ( i am actually knowledgeable about and fond of jewish/israeli culture , even eating bagels on many occasions !, 
  ) ; i do not support hamas or anybody who is blindly anti-israeli . 
  maybe the israelis do n't give a rats arse about the world 's opinion , but i think they should . 
  they might find they face less of the `` anti-semitism '' they fear if they did !, 
  they maybe would enjoy greater cooperation as well as sympathy then . 
  it 's not a simple situation , but making the gazans live in what are terrible conditions with everything bombed to shit and no hope for a better life offered by those who dominate their lives surely is n't the optimum solution ? 
  i do n't pretend to have an answer , but do see the status quo as morally bankrupt - especially as israel tries to paint itself as being morally superior and the equivalent of enlightened , western democracies . 
  perhaps the best thing would have been the thorough evisceration of hamas during israel 's last military adventure in gaze ? 
  hamas are certainly indefensible , but not all palestinians are cartoon villains like the true hamas hardcore are . 
  most people in any society are - as i am , and presumably you are - just people wanting to live their lives with their families in a safe environment with the opportunity of enjoying at least the basics of a good life . 
  the gazans , palestinians in general , can not do that atm ; israelis , despite the rockets , however , can . 
  therein lies the difference imo . 
  edit : adjusted phrasing to avoid unintended imputations, 
  cats * love * a warm car hood on a cold day !, 
  there 's your answer ... 
  ok , i can see what you mean with the first part of your comment and have edited my comment accordingly . 
  the current situation is not like the holocaust and i apologise for my wording ; the word ghetto has meaning and context outside of the holocaust which is how i used it , but given the context of the conversation i can see that it is too loaded a term . 
  i think given your admitted bias ( which is entirely understandable given your ethnicity and not a word i use pejoratively as a result ) that we 're never going to agree about this . 
  i 'm listening to you though and hope you 're listening to me !, 
  i think it 's healthy to express differing opinions on such loaded subjects even if we ca n't come to agreement - i do think we share at least some common ground and i have listened to your points even if i ca n't agree with them all . 
  as i said before i really do believe it would benefit israel if they listened to world opinion more ; that could perhaps help the path to a solution being worked out as clearly israel and palestine ca n't achieve that monumentally difficult task alone . 
  it 's not fair to say i do n't care about israel ; what i - as an unbiased , but interested observer - want to see is a solution and as a start a genuine effort from both sides towards that . 
  i have in fact offered a couple of suggestions ( eg eviscerating hamas , improving living conditions in gaza - to thus give hope allowing the pa to gain control instead of hamas , international cooperation being encouraged ... ), 
  at a minimum , as a redditor . 
  i 'd like to be able to have conversations like this at least ( eg where we do n't blindly downvote each other for disagreeing or fall back on either vile racist crap or equally vile false accusations thereof ... ), 
  it 's not really up to me though and all i can do is what i am doing : offer my honest opinions ( downvotes be damned - i know i 'll get them ! ), 
  and try to open up the dialogue as much as i as an individual not directly involved can . 
  listen man , i see your point , but have personally been accused of anti-semitism when expressing ** very ** middle-of-the road opinions or simple facts that paint the israeli govt . 
  's actions in a negative light many times . 
  i 've also garnered hundreds of downvotes for the same thing and seen other redditors suffer both accusations of racism and downvotes many times . 
  the accusations of anti-semitism * do seem * to be dying down as the accusers get called out on it , but they definitely happened very frequently very recently ... 
  you 're essentially using my argument against your comment against me , which is fair enough to an extent . 
  neither vile anti-semitic filth ( especially disguised as `` anti-zionism '' ) nor unjust accusations of racism do n't help the discussion and are both unpleasant in the extreme . 
  both should be stopped . 
  unfair harping on the unjust accusations do n't help either , but as i explained the context of somebody who * can not * be accused of anti-semitism making comments very similar to those for which i have been called an anti-semite is what prompted me to bring it up . 
  as an avowed anti-racist it is very unpleasant being called an anti-semite !, 
  i am not anti-semitic nor anti-zionist let alone pro-hamas . 
  if it continues to not happen though i will never bring it up again . 
  let 's all keep the discussion on point instead of attempting to deny the validity of those who would disagree with our opinions - that achieves nothing ... 
  i think your first paragraph explains the situation re : such conversations as ours very clearly and well . 
  i agree entirely and have appreciated that we 've been able to have a civilised back and forth discussion . 
  you say that the palestinians want more than israel would ever concede : perhaps then israel needs to be prepared to concede more ? 
  that is a circular argument that any participant 's position on is going to depend on their basic position to start with on the whole subject . 
  your final paragraph is the same ... 
  it 's true i do n't have any perfect solution to offer , but it 's hardly fair to expect * me * to when * nobody * does . 
  that does n't mean there 's no value in the discussion of it or that i have no right to an opinion . 
  certainly i can see the validity of the facts you use in support of your argument , but i draw different conclusions from the same facts . 
  ( of course some can only lead to one , shared opinion - eg hamas are bad !, 
  ; the root of why hamas are in power though is less clear cut . ), 
  you say that the world 's intervention is harmful because it encourages the palestinians to not just accede to whatever scraps from the table israel is willing to offer : i think they should n't have to . 
  both are examples of intuitive/emotionally-based opinions which neither of us are going to be able to sway the other from believing . 
  this is why impartial participants are ( i believe ) essential ; however , i see myself as impartial yet to you my opinions are anathema as they are contrary to israel 's wants in the matter ... ergo you believe non-involved parties should stay out of it . 
  therein lies the essence of the world 's opinion of israel 's actions and the crux of the deadlock . 
  i think animals - especially mammals - can form cross-species attachments/friendships too ... 
  i 'm sure that 's exactly why the cat first sat there , but i would imagine they have since formed an attachment . 
  5hrs out of every day is along time and there are other warms spots ( car hoods for example ! ), 
  counter-productive even as it justifies iran 's seeking of the bomb as self-defence against naked israeli aggression !, 
   probably, 
  did n't netanyahu 's mates assassinate rabin even ? 
  he 's managed to completely alienate israel on the stage of world opinion which ca n't be good for any aspect of israeli society , especially the economy . 
  it 's largely thanks to his policies and positions that the eu are considering sanctions against israel which , whatever your opinion of such a move 's justification , would be disastrous for the economy ... 
  likud 's response of threatening the eu probably was n't the smartest move and should be considered as symptomatic of that party 's attitudes and intelligence !, 
  yeah i did n't mean that he pulled the trigger as it were ... 
  tbh i was n't certain of what the exact circumstances were - your post clarifies it . 
  no , clearly that would n't work - the demographics of israel would be too skewed even were it possible in any other way !, 
  concessions from both sides are going to have to be made - i know you 'll argue israel 's already made concessions , but imo they 're going to have to suck it up and make more to achieve what is ultimately the best outcome for them too . 
  as a westerner i disagree - i see a direct correlation between media reportage/public opinion of israel and the actions of the israeli govt . 
  believe it or not the west does n't just hate israel - if they did they would have already enacted sanctions as one example !, 
  europeans and jews have had interactions that have been positive for the jews going back millenia - the romans let jews join their empire , the europeans allowed jewish communities to grow rich in their midst . 
  ok , so the nazi period was a low-spot and the ( barely european themselves ) russians engaged in pogroms , but there would be no israel today if the west had n't facilitated its gestation and birth ... 
  i am a westerner and whilst i believe in the rights of the palestinians to exist as a nation i certainly do n't hate jews or israel !, 
  i 'd never support hamas and loathe racists of all complexions . 
  i am in no way anti-zionist or anti-semitic . 
  indeed i embrace judaic culture to the point i have literally * eaten bagels * !, 
  the westerners i know are the same . 
  if you believe we all want to oppress jews why do you think we do n't ? 
  racism and bigotry goes both ways - how do * you * feel about the rights of the palestinian people ? 
  i agree the right of return is impractical now ; realistically palestine will have to give up on having an army ( despite every other nation on earth being `` allowed '' a self-defence force ! ) ... 
  i place the onus on israel because they hold all of the cards !, 
  there 's not much palestine can give up except their dreams ; israel on the other hand possesses all the power . 
  it is some of * that * that israel may have to concede for peace ... 
  why * should * israel possess all the power and control in the situation ? 
  israel refused to accept even equal status back in '47 - are the israelis so innately superior that they have an innate right to expect the palestinians to accept it now * just for the right to exist as a nation * ? 
  that sounds awfully racist , bigoted and unrealistic . 
  if that is israel 's final position do you really wonder why the world takes the palestinian 's side ? 
  come off it , you know what i 'm saying . 
  did n't i just say the right to return was unrealistic and they 'd have to to give up on possessing a self-defence force ? 
  let me be more explicit if that 's not clear enough : the palestinians should make those concessions . 
  i acknowledged the israeli concessions ; what further concessions are they willing to make ? 
  israel in '47 was carved from literally nothing - in effect everything israel gained was a concession resultant from the horrors of the holocaust ( in which the palestinians played no part and for which they bear no guilt ) . 
  yes the arabs ( though not actually the palestinians who were the people displaced ) tried to crush the nascent state of israel three times and each time lost territory as a result ; however the palestinians did n't have an army like the egyptians , syrians and jordanians , but have nonetheless lost more than any of those countries . 
  since then settlements have impinged even further on the little territory left to palestine and the palestinians have been forced to live under the heel of the idf . 
  reverse the situation in your mind for a moment - if you were the palestinians would you accept what had been offered ? 
  how can any palestinian leader make that acceptance and retain the respect of their people and thus political power ? 
  you say they should just be realistic and accept things as they are to gain peace ?
