  or would you deny even that ? 
  the only people that deny the palestinians right to a state are the bigots of the israeli extreme right . 
  a state requires land . 
  therefore the palestinians have a right to land , commonly held to be the land they currently live on and have done for generations . 
  this is what i said that led to your `` genetic rights '' line of questioning . 
  tell me please , how could i have phrased it to avoid your inane badgering ? 
  your ad hominem attack at the end where you call me a bigot and question my intelligence is simply another example of your baseless accusations . 
  will you now deny that is what you said simply because i did n't quote you to say it ? 
  i ask because i now understand that has been your constant tactic ; we can both read what you 've written , but because i - unlike you - do n't literally quote the sentence to which i am referring you deny the existence of having said `` it '' , whatever `` it '' may be , in your comments . 
  in a normal conversation the participants acknowledge what both they and the other party have said as the conversation continues without actually literally quoting the previous statement . 
  i apologise for not playing by your rules and just expecting you to continue a conversation ; however , it 's too late to change my comments now . 
  bonus thread to mull over ( yep , after nearly two days of this dogmatic bullshit i went through your post history - it was * illuminating * to say the least ) : http://www.reddit.com/r/israel/comments/ittll/question_are_israeli_settlements_in_the_west_bank/, 
  it seems that the israeli settlements in the west bank exclude people based on ethnicity - are they disgusting bigots too ? 
  edit : it was also interesting that i 'm the only commenter you 've replied to , indeed your only activity , in days has been this conversation !, 
  no wonder you have time to cherry pick quotes and construct bizarre , fantasy arguments ... 
   `` we take him at his word that it would n't happen during his prime ministership , and so that 's why we 've got to evaluate what other options are available to make sure that we do n't see a chaotic situation in the region , '' mr. obama said . 
  at last we 're hopefully going to see some movement on the peace process . 
  in that sense we should all be happy netanyahu did get reelected !, 
  those wacky kiwis are at it again !, 
  how frickin ' awesome is that - they literally found a nazi hideout in the middle of the jungle . 
  it 's like a trashy airport novel come to life !, 
  thankfully there were n't any actual surviving nazis holed up there though - that would have been disturbing !, 
  i see what you did there, 
  it 's good that they are making their complaint as it raises world awareness , the chances of the israeli justice system taking any action are next to none . 
  there is effectively no independent judiciary in israel , despite their constant bleating about being a functioning democracy . 
  they constantly rule in favour of the government 's policies , including upholding the apartheid in the west bank and limiting open debate ( which is why i doubt this complaint will gain any traction ) . 
  for example during the last assault on gaza the israeli human rights organisation b'tselem wished to run a tv advertisement that simply read out the names of children killed in gaza . 
  the israeli broadcasting authority refused to run it ; when the high court was appealed to they refused the appeal, 
  i did n't mean he matched ghenghis khan , i meant he , alexander and ghenghis were the top three . 
  sorry if my wording was ambiguous . 
  but , but ... * you * just referenced what the chinese do ... 
  that kind of stuff is awesome too - if you like it have you watched `` iron sky '' and `` danger 5 '' a movie and tv series respectively that are about alternate history universes where the nazis survived ww2 with all kinds of wacky tech in both cases , notably a moonbase ( with ufos , of course ) in `` iron sky '' ... 
  at least i * hope * they 're set in alternate history universes rather than being propaganda produced to get us used to the idea ... , 
  in the '40s no less ... 
  even today our leaders are only just approaching that kind of vision !, 
  in australia the aboriginals * do * have [ native title ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/native_title_in_australia ) over areas that have cultural significance for them , they still inhabit and where it does not cause massive conflict with modern australia 's development ( in those cases where it would they have been compensated ) . 
  this means they get to decide on land use - and even access - so , for example , if a mining company wishes to extract minerals from the territory over which they have native title they get to say yes or no , are paid royalties and are involved in the planning and environmental impact studies for the mine from start to finish . 
  such a system would be ideal , imo , for the israel/palestine situation - do n't you agree ? 
  it 's not complete political control , but i think with those rights - were they honoured - and the ability to fully participate in the political process however they please as aboriginal australians have would probably satisfy the palestinians . 
  i would consider such an agreement fair from my pov . 
  the aboriginal analogy is excellent and i thank you for providing it !, 
  in fact i even think it provides an answer to the riddle of what you found so offensive about my original phrasing - where i come from we recognise the rights of traditional owners as such . 
  our interpretations of the phrase are simply intrinsically different . 
  regarding aboriginals , you may have seen my recent posts criticising bigoted people 's - including ignorant americans who just parrot their `` australian roommate '' - opinions regarding them and their right to live their lives . 
  seeing as i genuinely can not answer your answer your questions ( and fuck knows i 've tried ) , why do n't * you * describe what you would consider a fair way of establishing the bounds of the palestinian state we both agree to be morally and practically necessary ? 
  that might help me respond to your chimerical `` genetic rights '' blather ... 
  would you suggest the australian native title framework ? 
  how about enabling the right of return for palestinians who are currently not israeli citizens in return for the right of settlers to stay in their illegal settlements ? 
  i 'd be cool with either of them , not that - as an australian ( just as you 're an american ) it 's up to me of course !, 
  now that i 'm at work and seated in front of a pc instead of on my tablet i can provide quotes much , much more easily if you really want to go through the pointless argument we were having further following that , but first i think the most productive way forward would be for you to provide what you consider a non-disgusting solution to provide a framework that i can relate my earlier comments to . 
  i am genuinely not anti-israeli , or anti-zionist let alone anti-semitic - i challenge you to find an example of me saying `` destroy israel '' or `` hurt jews '' . 
  you wo n't because none exist !, 
  although if you look through my comment history obviously most of the time i am arguing against * right-wing israeli bigots * i ** never ** argue against the right of israel to exist and prosper , for hamas or indeed for anything except a level-playing field , genuine good-faith negotiations towards a two-state solution and ultimately peace and prosperity for both parties . 
  i am certainly critical of israeli flaws when i see them , but equally i argue against any anti-semitism i see and against any pro-terrorist arguments . 
  it 's just that there are actually genuinely very few of these compared to the right-wing , pro-likud/netanyahu bigot voices on / r/worldnews . 
  and fyi i am not some kind of bleeding-heart liberal - i voted for the centre-right party in australia ( yes , the one led by the dickhead abbott ) as i think the centre-left are ( even without dickhead abbott ) dangerously stupid whenever they are in power . 
  australian society is far from perfect , but it is a genuine democracy with no apartheid laws for * anybody * who comes under our control . 
  we 're open to both criticism and change . 
  indeed criticism is seen as a necessary impetus for change rather than a threat . 
  criticism of israel - especially of it 's government and it 's actions - does not automatically equate to anti-zionism/anti-semitism either !, 
  it is not in and of itself a bad thing or any kind of threat . 
  edit : for the sake of completeness i feel i must add that the australian solution to native title was not arrived at overnight - it took many years of negotiation , compromise , good will and a willingness to trust on both sides . 
  of course , an honest recognition of the rights of the aboriginal people to control the land they traditionally inhabited and have a deeply rooted connection with was an essential pre-requisite for the change that led to the current equitable solution and ability to share the land without exploitation . 
  this has resulted in greatly improved relations and effected a huge positive net improvement in the lives of traditional owners . 
  relations were also eventually further improved by a formal parliamentary apology . 
  it 's still not perfect and is being revised as society evolves , but it works and shows that years of tension and conflict can be resolved if people genuinely want to achieve that goal . 
  btw the word aborigines is considered paternalistic and bigoted , aboriginal peoples are referred to by their tribal names and the race as a whole as aboriginals . 
  do you have a source on that child-sex trafficking ? 
  the judiciary may not be independent , but accusations that can not be supported do n't help the discussion - if not true then any kind of anti-israeli accusation will be attributed to anti-semitism which is definitely neither constructive nor cool ... 
  hey mr gramm * aryan * , do n't be like that just because we expressed disappointment it was empty of actual nazis ... 
  what a ( metaphorical , obviously ) kick in the guts !, 
  they might be all like `` no way '' and uptight about it , but we * need to know the truth goddamn it !, 
  maybe just / r/history ... 
  or perhaps / r/conspiracy - that 's where it would get the most upvotes , at least 1/2 those guys are straight out stormfront judging from my one visit ... 
  they 'd still have reason - mossad would still love to bring any of the murderous bastards to justice in israel no matter how aged they had become !, 
  when mossad grabbed eichmann * he * had an assumed name , but his wife and children still used the surname eichmann !, 
  they barely bothered to hide , although eichmann 's capture and swift trip to justice in israel may have caused them to slink a bit lower ... 
  well doctors * have * to - the swear the hippocratic oath to never cause harm , save lives and etc. . . 
  for lawyers there 's just an informal hypocritic oath where they swear to never not take any money within their grasp . 
  if you do end up being sued a lawyer * might * save you , but there will * definitely * be another lawyer trying to fuck you up : /, 
  it 's that kind of true blue aussie spirit that led to russell crowe fightin ' round the world with tugger ... 
  israel is well known for exporting technology and arms to anyone who can pay , even when they are enemies of the us and it 's partially us technology they 're exporting !, 
  notable examples include the lavi fighter technology ( heavily based on the f-16 ) to china who used it to develop the j-10 , radar technology to china and drones to china !, 
  they have also done the same thing with russia . 
  the israeli hermes drone is a very popular male ( medium altitude long endurance ) class drone exported to many countries so these figures do n't surprise me at all . 
  interesting to see the numbers though , cheers !, 
  i quite agree . 
  inhumanity just breeds further inhumanity . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  nobody should ride the dog though - their backs are n't strong enough like even a tiny little pony !, 
  the sound of people masticating . 
  it 's so gross ; some smooth jazz would just chew the disgust it provokes in mr right up . 
  i love this story - i remember when it was first announced and how amazing it seemed that an extinct species of date palm could be brought back following an archaeological dig !, 
  at least they 're not sunni wahhabi or salafists - under the secular , if dictatorial , assad regime all of syria 's myriad of minorities undoubtedly fare better than they would under an extremist islamist sunni regime ... 
  bad for whom exactly ? 
  iran 's people who want nuclear power and no sanctions to prosper ? 
  bad for the us or the eu ? 
  who is it that loses by integrating iran back into the international community ? 
  make them dump you : just be a jerk until they have not choice . 
  not much fun , but at least then they can be the dumper rather than the dumpee in a relationship 's end ...
