  amazing , tragic story told in * cod * : i really was very happy to see this article !, 
  temora hudson , spitfire , wirraway , boomerang and meteor . 
  i have a whole bunch more from there , the awm , raf museum hendon , wanaka airshow and avalon a couple of years ago - i might put together an album as a post if people like these ... 
  how to piss off your creditors 101 : demand that * they pay you * $ 269m and simultaneously cozy up to the country they 're currently enduring a very tense relationship with !, 
  i guess the age of greek intellectual brilliance lives on post-socrates , pythagoras and plato !, 
  well they are the regional experts , especially when it comes to obfuscation of said testing !, 
  part of that was due to depopulation during the ottoman era . 
  all the ethnic greeks were living in pontus , cappadocia , anatolia and other parts of asia minor , whilst attica was so depopulated there were not enough people to effectively farm the land so the ottomans moved albanians ( who are slavs ) in to do so . 
  the greeks all came back in the tragic population shifts ( with associated massacres/genocides ) that so characterised the end of the ottoman empire as post-ottoman turkey was very nationalistically focussed ( just as muslims - including albanian muslims ) left greece , but apparently you could still hear albanian spoken in greek villages until very recently . 
  of course now you hear albanian in greek cities a lot , but those albanians are a more recent group of post-communist economic migrants . 
  i learned of this when in greece last year . 
  there 's more to it than my very simple explanation , but essentially i 'm just trying to provide a little detail in agreement with your comment . 
  it 's similar to the arguments between greece and macedonia about who are `` true '' macedonians and descendants of alexander as the current population of macedonia are ethnic slavs who immigrated long after the classical era . 
  i 'm not greek and have no opinions as to who are `` true '' greeks or around immigration in the region ; as i said i 'm simply providing a bit more context to your comment from what i read and was told whilst in the country . 
  i think we must have simply slipped through a gap in the spacetime continuum into some kind of bizarro , parallel universe . 
  it 's the only logical explanation . 
  if lbj had allowed an all out air campaign to be flown in '65 instead of insisting on a policy of gradualism ( where the targets hit gradually grew to be increasingly significant in a misguided effort to limit escalation and avoid triggering chinese or soviet involvement ) it could well have brought the north vietnamese to their knees according to several studies . 
  in fact there were several points where the north vietnamese * were * nearly brought to their knees by the bombing during rolling thunder , only for them to offer to some kind of meaningless concession towards peace talks and gain a bombing halt , which they then used to recover . 
  one of these was in late - ' 67 : it 's believed that tet was only possible due to men and arms already pre-stockpiled in svn as nvn had nearly ground to a halt . 
  of course , tet then changed the political landscape , but in any case at that point in late '67 the nvn govt . 
  made a small concession towards agreeing to talks and a restrictions were reinforced on the bombing campaign !, 
  gradualism also gave nvn time to adjust to the effects of the bombing ( eg disperse power generation facilities and fuel storage provisions ) and build up what became the most comprehensive air defence network in the world to protect themselves . 
  both of these moves greatly increased the difficulties involved in the air campaign . 
  an effective air campaign in nvn would have severely limited their ability to supply their forces south of the dmz , much more effectively than the efforts to interdict the ho chi minh trail were able to . 
  includes links to original 1945 article about the design and construction of the zero . 
  i saw one flying last weekend . 
  except when the greeks invented democracy they did n't have a state , let alone a state religion and the religion they practiced was not greek orthodox christianity , the state religion of modern greece ... 
  i can never tell if you 're being sarcastic in your comments or not . 
  i would , however , say that what would be `` better '' would be doing none of the above . 
  neither of your iranian examples are acceptable behaviours ; however , neither is displacing people from their homeland , a displacement in the course of which a very large number of people suffer dreadfully . 
  in that regard it is very difficult to work out what your point is . 
  it is impossible to draw moral equivalence between the two regimes , but , if you will let me play devil 's advocate for a minute , how many more civilians are killed by israel than gays hung by iran ? 
  then there is [ israeli settler violence against vast numbers of palestinians rendered unable to defend themselves ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/israeli_settler_violence ) by the people who have illegally usurped their homes and against whom they are unable to defend themselves due to the skewed legal system which is so unbalanced that it leads to accusations of apartheid against israel in the west bank . 
  which is worse ? 
  i do n't think either is * acceptable * or * good * , do you ? 
  do n't you think the gazans would rather enjoy the use of their [ own power plant ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/29/gaza-power-plant-destroyed-israeli-airstrike-100-palestinians-dead ) than have to rely on israel , or treat their people were they not besieged/blockaded and unable to get medical supplies or rebuild their hospitals ? 
  there is no possible defence or justification for hamas or their treatment of their political opponents , but [ israel is also guilty of assassinations of its political opponents , albeit using apaches firing hellfires or f-16s dropping jdams ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/targeted_killings_by_israel_defense_forces#strike_methods_and_well_known_targeted_killings ) ... 
  i 'm not trying to make ** any ** excuses for iran , still less hamas ; rather i am just saying neither iran not hamas is any better than the other in these particular regards . 
  differently bad , not better or worse . 
  i understand you 're not trying to claim israel is perfect and respect your position . 
  neither am i trying to justify iran 's government 's backward policies or hamas in any way . 
  counterpoints to each of your responses may easily be raised though ( which obviously does n't render them completely false or valueless ) :, 
  there are 500,000 settlers in the west bank and currently israel is only willing to concede a tiny proportion of the most outlying of them to be bulldozed in any agreement towards a two-state solution . 
  i share your hope in this regard , but not your sanguinity ;, 
  i still hold the gazans would much prefer to be free of dependence on israel for anything . 
  in any case israel is only fulfilling the most basic of its obligations as an occupying power by supplying the bare essentials of life to gaza ;, 
  israeli targeted killings may be against legitimate targets ; however , very frequently innocents in the surrounding area are also killed . 
  they are all extra-judicial executions carried out on foreign soil and thus completely illegal , particularly the post-munich killings . 
  am i trying to defend the victims of these assassinations ? 
  they were obviously guilty , but the manner of their deaths was little better than the crimes they committed ( legally if not morally ) . 
  please let me reiterate i 'm not saying `` israel evil '' or `` hamas good '' . 
  just that neither is really much better in toto than the other ... 
  edit : punctuation . 
  ( i 'm a grammar nazi , but with my own posts not just other people 's . 
  it 's an affliction i have had to learn to live with . ), 
  edit 2 : before you argue gaza is no longer occupied after israeli withdrawal please read the following [ from wikipedia article on gaza ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaza_strip ) . 
   the territory is still considered to be `` occupied '' by the united nations , international human rights organisations , and the majority of governments and legal commentators , despite the 2005 israeli disengagement from gaza . 
  israel continues to maintain direct external control over gaza and indirect control over life within gaza through controlling gaza 's air and maritime space , control of six of gaza 's seven land crossings , reserving the right to reenter gaza at will through regular military incursions , maintaining a no-go buffer zone within the gaza territory , and maintaining gaza 's dependence on israel for trade , water , sewage , electricity , currency , communication networks , issuing ids , and permits to enter and leave the territory and the palestinian population registry . 
  i have always used wikipedia as a source where possible as it is a very uncontentious source as is the guardian newspaper . 
  there 's no point in using the times of israel , jpost or electronicintifada as they are all clearly biased !, 
  the drv government has also acknowledged the efficacy of the bombing of the north at several points during the war . 
  i agree wholeheartedly , but the fear was that intervention by china or the soviets would ensue . 
  of course hindsight shows us that this was a misguided fear , but that severely limited lbj in particular in what he would allow . 
  m'murikkkat if it 's from the south ... ( sorry , i know that 's not true or fair , but i could n't resist ), 
  i do n't disagree with a great deal of what you 're saying , but do feel you 're missing certain important factors . 
  the settlement issue is something that will not be resolved without a great deal of angst from both sides . 
  given the extent of settler extremism and the emotive nature of the whole deal with removing people from their homes , which anybody can relate to ( meaning that many even very liberal israelis will have certain difficulties reconciling themselves to accepting ) i think this will be very difficult to resolve . 
  in many ways the best answer would be a combination of fair land swaps and then to let any israeli settler who wanted to stay do so as a palestinian citizen , but that would not go down well with extremist settlers let alone fundamentalist orthodox jewish settlers !, 
  as an aside on this general issue i do not believe the settlements should be bulldozed either . 
  they were illegally built on land forcibly taken from palestinians so they should be forfeited together with the land . 
  the other factor in this belief is that israelis have always ( and continue to do so to this day ) occupied homes taken from palestinians - why should the same gains not be enjoyed by palestinians moving back onto land they have regained other than to satisfy the spite of displaced settlers ? 
  my point was that a ) the gazans do not enjoy the use of israeli energy by preference , only by necessity as yours about oil supplies emphasises & b ) the israelis do not supply power out of the goodness of their hearts , but because it is an [ obligation under the geneva convention iv ] ( http://www.btselem.org/gaza_strip/israels_obligations ) , to which israel is party . 
  in actuality , claiming that israel provides power to comply with the convention is disingenuous as the reality is that we 're they to not do so they would suffer international sanctions and another , extreme intifada ;, 
  i would describe their `` doing a spectacular job '' as very moot . 
  in the '14 assault on gaza even the idf admit that over 1/2 the casualties were civilians and international observers put it in the order of 2/3 . 
  whilst what you say is somewhat true with specific regard to the us drone strike program , to bring that up is a classic whataboutism . 
  not being `` perfect , but not the worst '' is kind of the crux of this whole discussion - my argument is that neither iran nor israel can definitively be described as being better or worse than each other in absolute terms , they 're just bad in different ways ( whilst both also have good points and areas that they 're improving especially if we consider the countries as a whole and their people rather than just their leaders ) . 
  now that palestine has joined the icc it will be interesting to watch developments around the judgements of israeli ( and one would hope palestinian ... ) actions during this conflict . 
  poor grammar and punctuation frustrates me as i find it can make it much more difficult to accurately convey/interpret meaning and it really is n't * that * hard , although bloody autocorrect is the bane of my commenting existence as most of the time i reddit from my tablet !, 
  the occupation of gaza is much better discussed in the link i provided above than i could possibly hope to do here . 
  you are right in that occupation per se is not necessarily wrong , although that is of course dependent on the motivation and behaviour of the occupiers and their occupation forces . 
  i leave it at that : gaza is a very complex issue , exactly as you say . 
  regarding sources , the one i provide in this post is from an israeli source . 
  you do seem perfectly capable of sorting the wheat from the chaff in material from biased sources ; many people , however , are not ( particularly during ideologically charged , emotive debates such as those around israel/palestine ) . 
  i did n't mean to impugn your ability to assess the plausibility of information , rather i did n't want to give an impression of having cherry picked my sources to suit my personal bias and current discourse . 
  very pleasant chat btw , something one does n't always get to enjoy in / r/worldnews !, 
  i suppose that by '45 the zero was pretty much past its prime technologically . 
  i 'm sure no such articles were published about the me262 !, 
  i found reading it * today * really interesting still with the depth of technical detail provided, 
  i ca n't answer that , but know i 've only seen static displays . 
  i saw one last weekend actually at the australian war memorial in canberra . 
  it had regularly been flown by japan 's fourth ranked ace ( whose name escapes me now ... ) before being damaged and parked up on its airfield . 
  it then sat on that pacific island until 1973 , when it was taken to australia and beautifully restored by the raaf !, 
  it amazes me that aircraft are still being retrieved from png and other jungle areas . 
  it would have been amazing in the '70s and '80s being able to go and visit such islands and see all those fantastic war relics just sitting there , though i 'm glad many have been removed and preserved before it was too late for them . 
  ironically because the israeli government is extremely right wing , but muslim extremists and israel are anathema to each other ( except isis , with whom they share an interest in killing iranians and hezbollah ) ? 
  you used the wrong form of to/too and misspelled `` supremacist '' ; i would n't give yourself too much credit either . 
  having a cop with a machine gun standing outside a shop * some * of the time seems like a great way to make it seem like a significant target to the type of psycho idiot that would commit such a terrible , mindless crime . 
  hypocrite much there ? 
  you criticise them for disregarding * your * cultural values which are clearly sacrosanct , whilst refusing to acknowledge that * their * cultural values have any worth !,
