  one step at a time . 
  as more and more people leave the church i bet that percentage will grow rapidly . 
  yeah and if most of your day is spent looking for potatoes you do n't really have time to think about these things . 
  this is one of the best , most clarifying comments i have ever read . 
  you had a thing to explain and you did it 100 % . 
  thank you . 
  finland is gon na finland . 
  most do . 
  i 've never had a hangover even if i try my best getting one . 
  i 'm not 100 % , but i 'm not really nauseous . 
  nothing a healthy breakfast ca n't fix . 
  but what i hate is when people drink they spend the next day in bed . 
  screw that , i ai n't wasting another day . 
  i have to get * something * done . 
  i can already say with 100 % certainty that i 'm sick , dead or out of town during my week . 
  keep it there . 
  sincerely , everyone . 
  imagine how weird we look right now to others . 
  sewing machine licence . 
  i bet they do n't play [ the recorder ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/recorder_\\ ( musical_instrument \\ ) ) either . 
  you think violin makes terrible noises in the hands of a kid not knowing what to do ? 
  you 've heard nothing , try +20 kids playing `` mary had a little lamb '' and every single one is off tune . 
  `` book her lou ! '', 
  sure , but athens and prague still have to maintain those things , and that is the bulk of the expenses . 
  royal families and their inherited fortunes are pretty much self-sufficient investments , small compared to having to do maintenance and pay salaries for everyone who works around them . 
  the royal house is just the context they are built around in netherlands . 
  it works , and they like it . 
  the whole monarchy as an institute is a huge tourist attraction , people want to see the castles , changing of guards and all the usual bs monarchies have . 
  do n't be silly , you knew what i meant . 
  net result could be positive . 
  tourism , positive affect on people etc. 
  you are looking at it too narrowly . 
  we had obtain a sewing machine licence in elementary . 
  we traced a line in paper with the needle and if it was proficient enough we got `` a licence '' . 
  everyone had to take both wood shop and `` textile shop '' , but eventually most boys took woodworking and the girls opted for the `` textile shop . '', 
  luckily i passed , but there were few unlucky ones that failed . 
  life hit them hard but i think they managed to live thru the calamity . 
  i do . 
  they hold an important role as an outsider of daily politics , and they serve as a good tie from past rule to the current one . 
  a monarch has to be familiar with loads of things and if they do their work well their opinions matter and can affect public opinion . 
  they are symbols of their nation , and serve as important factor when working foreign relations . 
  sure the way they are born into the role is dubious , but a king is nonetheless an important role . 
  i can understand why some nations want to keep monarchy alive . 
  well i would hope he is a licenced aircraft pilot or giving him the co-pilot seat has been a huge mistake . 
  i believe being born is a requirement for most other heads-of-state as well . 
  dalai-lama is a 50/50 case . 
  and even though there are huge privileges for being royalty , a king has to be familiar with loads of things , even if it 's largely a ceremonial position . 
  they affect public opinion and i reckon that many dutch people listen to what the king has to say . 
  being able to speak outside of clear political ties gives him an unique position , and a big responsibility to give smart statements . 
  this is n't over yet !, 
  `` this is a knife '', 
  well , it either that or ... :p, 
  ben stiller likes to skateboard there . 
  also , i 'd like to welcome all of you nutty icelandic sports fans to helsinki this summer for the eurobasket . 
  we consider ourselves as ruckus fans , and you have some experience about that as well . 
  gon na be an amazing event . 
  yeah . 
  must be nice having mountains . 
  jk , happy constitution day norway !, 
  you go crazy towards the soviet rule , you can continue going crazy in siberia . 
  that 's a harsh way to look at the world . 
  now that i look at that picture sure there are some similarities . 
  but believe me , manu was much less of a grumpy face . 
  no , it 's sad because he was a character that influenced finnish politics very heavily and was mighty important in turning finland into what it is today , a eu member with strong ties to both east and west . 
  he was a good moderator between major parties and he most importantly inherited the throne from a president that ruled finland for almost 30 years with a very strong grip , koivisto turned finland from a president-ran state to a parliament-run state strengthening democracy in finland . 
  he was an important figure , and our nation is mourning since one of our best is gone . 
  have some courtesy not to be a total dick about it . 
  of course it 's sad to see anyone die , but this time it 's someone that lead finland well and gave a good example for people to strive towards . 
  this impacts finns more than a random person dying . 
  it 's almost like a family member passing . 
  it 's sad ? 
  [ rest of eu right now ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/l3q2ndi5m0jrtwfpu/giphy.gif ), 
  that 's a good way to do things for any person or country really . 
  could be worse , at least you can still search the internet . 
  at the moment at least . 
  i still think you are pulling your punches . 
  then again , the country being the way it is , maybe it 's good to have a strong leader . 
  russia do n't have all the necessary infrastructure to facilitate a different more open democracy . 
  sadly . 
  nah , you definitely did this by yourselves . 
  that 's totally badass but after the civil war the winning right wing side protested against the red color . 
  the state flag still has the lion at the centre of the cross , makes it quite nice . 
  but i also like the sami flag . 
  it 's very unique , and i like what it represents . 
  i guess the shenkaisen could work as a speedy spine for the rest and i 've tried that a few times but you have to make the rest of the lines that feed into that extremely balanced or you will get those clogs somewhere . 
  i still think the two trains you get are more valuable . 
  good point of what the stations represent , i 've figured the same . 
  does n't really matter what you think they are , the basic strategy stays the same : do not link too many same ones together . 
  edit : the toughest one is cairo and the smaller trains/carriages you get . 
  to get that 1000 i had to redistribute trains to stations that are choking up . 
  someone better than me i will no doubt get to that number without having to manually throw trains around but i had to force it a bit . 
  ours now !, 
  we will make them proud fingols !, 
  ... what have i done ? 
  estonia can into finland , 
  haha . 
  i checked a few videos of this , and learned these . 
   let me know if that helped , 
  awesome !, 
  high five as we pass each other  hope you enjoy suomi as well .
