  the game is obviously made by swedes . 
  those no good sons of bitches ... 
  i think kalsarik\u00e4nnit is a bit cheating though . 
  it 's a compound word , consists of kalsarit = underwear and k\u00e4nni = drinking/drunkenness so really two words . 
  english could easily have the same term , `` underpants-buzz '' or something like that . 
  i do n't think we 've done netherlands yet . 
  would n't be at all surprised if that were next . 
  it 's strange how little of that pre-uni ed is translated to the universities . 
  we have n't really figured them out yet . 
  hakkapeliitta is allegedly from the warcry `` hakkaa p\u00e4\u00e4lle '' , roughly meaning `` strike onwards/push at them '' . 
  there definitely is truth to the personal space `` theory . '', 
  i think in general finns show respect and politeness by giving you space , and try not to bother anyone . 
  but if someone makes contact and starts up a conversation we are mostly a ) amazed that you noticed me !, 
  and b ) happy to converse . 
  finns have a stong summer cottage tradition . 
  if you do n't own one yourself , you more than likely have rented one multiple times . 
  and usually one of the best selling points in rented cottages is how far the nearest neighboring cottage is . 
  cottage vacation requires peace and quiet , having a neighbor too close might wreck that . 
  kalevala was one of the inspirations for j.r.r. 
  elvish language is based on finnish . 
  you know your finland !, 
  yes , the common spoken language and the standard language has loads of differences . 
  in general daily conversations a standard language would sound strange . 
  like `` what the hell man , speak normally ? '', 
   haarvaakaa vlaa blaa perkele rhavaa sometimes , but mostly we do it while wearing clothes . 
   santa claus lives there and do n't you internet try claim otherwise !, 
  especially you swedes . 
  2018 is the most optimistic estimate on when they might get to turn the switches on for the first time . 
  getting actual power to the grid ? 
  2019 at the absolute earliest , 2020 a bit more reasonable , 2025 the likeliest . 
  truly the darkest timeline . 
  this time i 'm not the defense minister !, 
  but i bet my no good son-in-law is somehow tied to this one as well . 
  and here i was thinking this monday looked like the day of joy and happiness ... 
  americans are better at creating a show and telling a story . 
  european basketball is far too dispersed all around the continent and with no clear frame , no true exciting context . 
  i follow basketball plenty but european system is still a bit mystery to me . 
  plus us basketball is a whole another sport to the european one . 
  they are more towards solo plays and show , european is more teamwork and efficiency . 
  they have catered the rules to further support this . 
  i 'm sure european basketball is high level , but coming from a country with very few teams playing in any european series i 'm more leaned to follow nba . 
  but we do the national games better . 
  eurobasket is the third most prestigious nt tournament , in fact i might put it on the same level as wc . 
  there are crap teams in wc but in eurobasket not as much . 
  that 's awesome . 
  you have a future scientist brewing up . 
  keep at it , glad to hear she is interested . 
  that 's most important , when it 's not forced on her but she can find interest on her own ... that 's when learning happens . 
  and the fact that she is able to process more complex plots and is able to find rationale in what is happening means she will be able to also use those skills in learning . 
  keep feeding her knowledge , you are an awesome parent , doing just the right moves . 
  it 's effectively been in quarantine for 60 years . 
  if usa continues opening up the embargo cuba will get more outside influence . 
  the place is , like / u/fondongler said , like a time machine to an era before the embargo . 
  for instance the old beautifully maintained cars from the 60 's will be gone the second that embargo is lifted . 
  americans will buy them straight away . 
  cuba will turn more into the influence of modern economics , and american companies will want to build factories there in hopes of cheaper work force . 
  that is until donald starts building another wall there . 
  but the embargo lifting might 've gone to a definite halt with him anyways . 
  just to be clear , i 'm all for lifting the embargo . 
  it 's a terrible thing . 
  but , that place is still a unique setting . 
  i 'm hoping i can find money and time to visit havana before it 's ruined . 
  i agree , hanks in that role + 60 's cuba . 
  recipe for a good film . 
  if she liked that one i recommend saving private ryan . 
  another hanks + spielberg tag team effort full of realistic scenes . 
  lol . 
  but really , nice of you to show her something that is a ) pretty complex , b ) not an animation and c ) portrays how the world worked 60-something years ago . 
  if she continues being entertained about that type of movies she is gon na grow smart . 
  sequel might be cool , but they need to approach the thing from a completely different point of view or it 's just gon na be a copy of the first one . 
  there is only a few ways you can tell the story of a negotiator going and , well , negotiating . 
  here they tied it perfectly into the cold war tension . 
  and everyone has a serious case sore throat . 
  that 's why they talk like that . 
  they are all just about to spit some mucus out . 
  it was about james donovan , a lawyer who was sent during cold war as a negotiator between the soviets and the us considering prisoner exchange . 
  was it anticlimatic ... no do n't remember it being . 
  it was a true story . 
  i 'm glad they did n't go for the `` oh let 's built the true story into unrealistic huge climax ! '', 
  solution . 
  they gave a realistic view on the tension between two super powers in the cold war era , and prisoner exchanges and the negotiating needed to make them happen portray that tension perfectly . 
  i enjoyed the movie , t. hanks is a quality actor . 
  i recommend it . 
  that as well but that might be the result of those cultural variables . 
  nordic countries are generally more individualism oriented , south europe more collectivism oriented . 
  and that translates into creating a system to support that . 
  we look at it differently . 
  we want to have our kids learn how to take care of themselves . 
  even though they live on their own most are still vary much dependent on the assistance of their parents , parents are like the safety net you can fall in if you are in need of . 
  our culture sees independence as an important feat . 
  you want to learn that , and we feel like learning in your 20s is better than when you are 30 and about to start a family . 
  can only speak for myself , but after serving my compulsary army time i saw that as a good moment to find my own place . 
  i had been already `` living '' most of that time away ( in army ) so the transition to living on my own was n't too steep . 
  also , the state grants housing benefit if you study and live on your own . 
  most often people move to another town to study , so naturally they start living on their own too . 
  generally we view people who live with their parents until 30 's as weird bunch . 
  you wan na learn to take care of yourself , and you do that in finland in your 20 's . 
  we value independence . 
  our church is far too conservative about this , and it reflects to public opinion . 
  they are still on the fences about female priests .
