  it 's a little brother syndrome . 
  we love you , but there will always be that tension . 
  `` dammit those lucky a-holes , and here we are . 
  literally suffering ! '', 
  let me put it this way . 
  you live in a house . 
  how well can you keep all the rodents and bugs and shit out of there ? 
  it 's technically possible , why have n't you done it ? 
  there are ways to make sure not s single person gets killed in car accidents . 
  why have n't we done them ? 
  there are ways to make sure not a single person gets obese , that everyone eats and lives healthy . 
  why have n't we put them into action ? 
  trying to monitor every plausible way to get into europe is not a small task . 
  you can monitor an airport , but that airport is n't monitoring deep in the woods of estonia or inside a lorry that slipped thru the customs with people hidden in some tiny cavity . 
  i mean ... it could be worse . 
  it also could be much better . 
  but , for drunk ice hockey fans it 's simple enough to remember and scream . 
  let 's leave the prettier tunes for people who can sing . 
  we truly live exciting times when a dead pope reddits and fishes for ass compliments . 
  false . 
  your blue cross flag has the cross in the middle , we have different dimensions . 
  let me check with our lawye ... yes he says that is totally okay . 
  also , the one who uses it first totally has the rights for it , everyone knows these basic rules of flag rights . 
  you only drew up the design but no one can point it being actually used . 
  sucks to be you , we looove our flag . 
  really , could n't imagine a better one . 
  i do n't think you even read or understood what i wrote then . 
  that 's right at the edge . 
  the polar circle goes just north of the town but still inside the city borders . 
  numbers . 
  that bares no meaning to me . 
  none !, 
  ... please stop :'(, 
  so what you essentially propose is to stretch surveillance to everyone , including me and you . 
  any plane , any boat or ship and all the cavities inside them that a man can fit in , any car , every meter of borders and every possible tunnel and what not . 
  there are hundreds of million if not billions of different targets coming into europe with various methods . 
  you need millions of drones and a thousand pair of eyes to do this . 
  a : expensive b : very dubious to our own rights, 
  exactly , well put . 
  you can stop a whole ton but you ca n't predict every possible scenario . 
  nope . 
  i do not . 
  and now that you reminded me i 'm going to forget this ever happened . 
  what happened ? 
  exactly . 
  there 's still gon na be terrorists in europe . 
  they will just change tactics . 
  if they want to attack europe stopping refugees entering wo n't affect that much because there will be another route somewhere . 
  you ca n't stop people from entering . 
  nokia still very much a thing and still among the biggest companies in finland . 
  they just do n't do mobile phones any more , instead they focus on mobile networks where it is among the biggest companies out there . 
  but actually they just recently licensed the brand name `` nokia '' to a newly formed company that is gon na make and sell nokia phones . 
  but nokia is n't gone . 
  the thing is , what can you do ? 
  either you go for the maximum surveillance and control and limit everyone 's movement or you do n't turn the continent into a 1984 type of hell on earth . 
  even if you nuke the entire middle east , europe will still continue living in threat of terrorism . 
  formerly it was from within with the likes of ira , now it 's coming from outside . 
  if we want to live freely we are going to have to accept that things like this will happen . 
  it 's terrible i know , but i really do n't think there is a real win-win solution here . 
  1970 's and 80 's were full of terrorist attacks . 
  terrible people will always exist . 
  member the globen spring 1995 ? 
  i member . 
  member den glider in ? 
  we member . 
  that is one tough job as well . 
  no matter how well you do your job , it 's impossible to keep up with every possible threat and once something like this happens it has to feel like you failed . 
  loads of respect for them , tough job indeed . 
   there might be snow [ right now in kemij\u00e4rvi ] ( http://weathercam.digitraffic.fi/c1453401.jpg ), 
  kekkonen is honestly what finland needed . 
  a strong figure to keep us in check and keep good relations to the soviets while also maintaining good relations to west . 
  finland was in disarray after the war , a strong figure had to step up and control the rebuilt . 
  there should and probably are books and researches on how to balance in such position . 
  kekkonen did it well . 
  but when the job was done i 'm glad we turned into more of a parliamentary system . 
  he was as close to being a dictator as you can be without really being one :p, 
  i 've seen many attempts of trying to translate/explain sisu but * `` saatanan vitun perkeleen vittuvitun vittu . 
  '' * sums it up best . 
  most of that still holds up . 
  oh , we will happily pay them if they take it . 
  i do n't know the logistics of hauling an entire city to sweden though but they are an innovative bunch , they 'll figure it out . 
  just make sure none of that turku is left behind . 
  it 's a good trade for both finland and sweden because that will raise the average iq for both . 
  so we not fingols ? 
  awesome , you know your finland facts . 
  though the independence was gained 1917 . 
  this year we celebrate the 100th anniversary of it . 
  absolutely . 
  if i remember correctly there is the option of getting the money equivalent to the value of that box but almost everyone expecting their first-born want to have the box and most even if they already have a box from previous pregnancy . 
  the original idea was just that , give a quality baby kit for poor mothers . 
  right after wartime when people were less well-off and everything was scarce giving proper clothes and other gear was essential . 
  then when quality of life improved the original idea was stretched to apply every mother , not just for those who could n't afford to buy the stuff on their own . 
  today you can [ buy one online . 
  ] ( https://www.finnishbabybox.com/eu/en/products/finnish-baby-box ), 
  they do , and many babies spend their first night outside of hospital in that box . 
  i think the bottom has cushion for that purpose . 
  sort of a `` ad hoc baby crib '', 
  you could claim that most finns have learned to read from donald duck , and that probably is n't too far from the truth . 
  don rosa ( makes uncle scrooge comics ) is somewhat famous here . 
  many people between ages 10-30 know him and his distinctive drawing style .
