  there are tricks . 
  triangle and circle are roughly as common , but it seems that the square is more uncommon . 
  try not to have any clogs by having all the lines at least one of each three . 
  also , do n't link too many same ones in a row on the same line . 
  makes sense that if a train picks up bunch of triangles and squares from circle station but then has to go thru multiple circles again it wont be able to drop any of them until there 's a corresponding station . 
  sometimes you have to link multiple circles in a row but then be sure to give that line the necessary capacity . 
  i 've found that using a square station as the main hub and drawing lines going from there works the best . 
  and do n't have the tracks across another . 
  it slows the train down . 
  the tough one are the special stations . 
  you have to observe how much passengers are going to those and create a line that is able to handle it . 
  my current record is a bit over 2000 in osaka . 
  they have that fast shenkaisen but do n't bother with that . 
  always choose the two trains . 
  and as we all know tampons are not allowed in fascism . 
  he 's thinking with his feet , knowing that this type of merch will be worth a bunch when the fascist regime takes complete control !, 
  too bad , i 'm currently booking tickets !, 
  i 'm gon na come and i 'm gon na enjoy my time . 
  i 'm gon na eat all delicious foods and i 'm gon na admire some amazing old buildings . 
  and there 's nothing you can do about that !, 
  haha , well i 'm living in a city i currently love living * even more * . 
  but things change , so i would n't at all be surprised to see myself living there within 10 years . 
  this whole debacle will eventually be taught as an example of how not to do pr . 
  everytime i have to cycle towards a strong headwind i quietly curse netherlands . 
  `` damn you holland , turn off the fans ffs . '', 
  i wonder what it 's like to sit in your office and then glance thru the window and * `` oh hey there 's that hypnotising view of a mountain . 
  '' * probably pretty sweet . 
  well either case i love them . 
  my daily routine after school was to run super fast to home , whip up some hot coco and sandwiches and turn on rex komissar . 
  loved it !, 
  i know sweden , finland and austria all joined eu at the same time , in 1995 . 
  austria ranks highly in many studies about living conditions , happiness and safisfaction with life . 
  they have great high culture and vienna is an underrated tourist city . 
  austria is near the top of the list about countries i would looooove to live in . 
  to be fair that does sound like an italian town . 
  wien , as it 's known in german and in finnish , sounds much more like an austrian city . 
  oh yes . 
  that show made me understand the deliciousness of ham sandwiches . 
  / r/finlandconspiracy, 
  damn i 'm totally hooked on that game !, 
  the daily challenges especially . 
  i 'm currently trying to get 1000 points in each city , shanghai and auckland left . 
  seriously cool little game . 
  tl ; dr version is that they demand the winning candidate to get 50 % of the votes . 
  if that does n't happen in 1 round they take two highest vote getters and vote between them in the second round . 
  finland has the same system . 
  maybe the muslims did n't vote , and a vocal minority that wants them gone all did ? 
  do ... do i have * two * birthdays ? 
  also , how do people celebrate their * death * day ? 
  you also get these cool atheist persons who act all reasonable and not at all nutty . 
  except some are a bit nutty . 
  but not most . 
  most are cool . 
  and more importantly they cause very little problems . 
  might wan na bump up the word count to at least triple of that , 
  i quit the church 7 years ago soooo ... did that count as a death of a christian ? 
  poor christian me . 
  whoa . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  really is . 
  consider yourself spoiled . 
  :p also , now i wan na visit rome 10 times more than i did this morning . 
  huh ? 
  eu assuming that product of its members do comply and skipping most tests . 
  they do that ? 
  i mean if any product , be it from non-eu uk 's or any member state , fails it 's gon na be up in the court in no time . 
  i do n't think anything would change in terms of quality . 
  [ microsoft was in courts about forcing ie as the default browser ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/microsoft_corp_v_commission ) and they had to change that . 
  that 's a non eu country 's corporation losing the fight against eu , and they complied because they still want to be in the market . 
  did you know the founders of polycom also founded picturetel corp. , one of the first videoconferencing solutions companies in the world , in 1984 ? 
  imagine the quality of those videos , ha !, 
  ^ ^ thank ^ ^ you ^ ^ for ^ ^ subscribing ^ ^ to ^ ^ telecom ^ ^ facts !, 
  ^ ^ to ^ ^ unsubscribe ^ ^ reply ^ ^ with ^ ^ `` unsubscribe '' . 
  smh , ca n't even afford the top of the line soundstation . 
  not even the second best . 
  not even the third best . 
  fourth , seriously france , fourth best ? 
  hey man , my high school had just stuffed squirrels and poorly drawn paintings from the art teacher . 
  having something from actual roman era is awesome . 
  whoa , are there pictures of it ? 
  sounds cool . 
   as we 've seen in greece , the eu leaders value the project far more than they value the people who live in the eu , so i imagine we 'll get the latter . 
  this , exactly what i was rambling about . 
  we need the first one , but the system might have grown more towards the latter one . 
  i do n't think they are willing to skip eu markets like that and it 's not like all the other major markets do not have just as strict standards . 
  try selling anything in the us , you 'd find the eu standards a breeze . 
  if they want to sell anything outside britain they will have to make stuff that comply with standards . 
  so in reality the brexit vote was about whether they want have a seat in the open market table . 
  no matter what , if they want to sell anything to that +700 million people market that 's literally just next to them they will have to follow the standards . 
  i would n't want to waste such an opportunity with politics . 
  life , what he has learned about the world as once the most powerful man in the world , what he considers as his greatest lessons growing up ... those are the things i 'd ask him . 
   i think the eu needs to get the deal that works the best for the eu even if it means screwing over the uk . 
  but also needs to get a deal that works the best for the eu even if it means ** not ** screwing over the uk . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  this current `` after what we do to uk no one will dare leave the party '' talk is scary . 
  i 'm pro-union , i love that europe is working as a group . 
  that 's what we need . 
  but i 'm not sure if the union has turned into a monstrosity that exist as a political safe heaven for meps , not for the benefit of the member nations and more over the people living in the union . 
  yeah but the union is perfectly capable of stopping that crash and helping its own situation with it . 
  what i 'm saying is that being overly harsh because they do n't wan na see other members leaving might end up hurting the most .
