something something chemtrails coming from the northwest !, 
  seriously though , did n't expect the plane contrails to be that visible from the iss . 
  i do , they have wider difference inside the parties . 
  and like i said , even between our parties they share so much that the three major big parties are extremely similar . 
  though technically they do have more than two parties , it 's just some weird agreement to only have two big ones in the major offices and in the parliament . 
  not sure how they manage that , maybe by giving eachother some leeway in certain stuff by things like gerrymandering . 
  i heard they like to surf . 
  it 's like a cheap version of snow boarding . 
  that scale inside a party is natural , and like i said some true finn mps could be seen even as far-right politicians , and some towards the left side of things . 
  still , parties agree to some general guidelines on different political issues and the ncp party with the stuff they support * as a party * could be looked as leftist politics . 
  also six-figure . 
  170.000 $ being the largest ever . 
  we also have those  100k $ fines . 
  i think the biggest is 170k $ and it was mentioned in the guinness world record book as the largest speeding ticket in the world . 
  i think it 's a smart law , i mean makes no difference for some rich idiot to drive like a madman if the ticket they get is chump change . 
  same in spain . 
  was there a few years ago and the taxi driver was speeding on the highway , criss-crossing the lanes like a racing driver and ultimately even passed a police . 
  `` iz okay , lunch break at this time . . '' sure . 
  yep . 
  i think soini himself would like to cut them out but those are also one of the groups that gave them a huge boost originally . 
  looks like that boost is about to be tested , and it might result in halla-aho being the new party lead . 
  bodes well for the future ... 
   do you mean `` more or less '' ? 
  more or less , yes . 
   it 's not a fascist or troublemaker/criminal party nope . 
  it 's just some of their members who have different criminal records . 
  mind you mostly sentences about incitement to hatred and/or defamation . 
  i 'm almost tempted to bet my kidney that it does n't happen but i 've been wrong about them so many times i 'm not sure . 
  the current leader has his clear favorite , and he has so much power inside that party . 
  i 'm not sure how large the halla-aho segment of the party is but sampo terho has a huge backing from soini which i would assume is more than enough for the spot . 
  what scares me is that they have their entire party voting , not an electoral college . 
  so really anything can happen . 
  but , i might take on a bet that the party will split up if halla-aho does n't get the vote . 
  finland has been historically ruled by swedish-speaking minority and they still have some grip on the politics . 
  they regularly gain good support in their own areas . 
  there are towns in south-western finland where the spp gained almost 100 % of the seats . 
  i do n't think any other party has as good of a support in any of their main towns and cities . 
  well , it still could be seen as a pro-countryside party but the current party lead is much closer to the ncp politics than ever before . 
  looking just at the politics of the party leader you might think he is a member of ncp . 
  but the majority of the party still at least claims to support countryside . 
  i think that most of the counties in the countryside are historically centre-party territory , and people support the party no matter what . 
  they are almost inheriting the party manual from their parents . 
  to add here , finland 's political field is as a whole more or less in the center of the wider political spectre . 
  the ones that might break away are some true finns and some `` lefts '' but the 3 historically big parties ( ncp , sdp and centre ) are in fact very close with each other in their relative politics . 
  very much in the middle of the scale . 
  the stuff our ncp party - which is widely seen as the `` right wing '' party of the three - supports would be seen as leftist politics in say usa . 
  great read !, 
  thanks . 
   gesundheit ironically that sounds a lot more like a sneeze . 
  `` oh neat , i wonder what kinda images they have of finland . . '' [ `` okay ... '' ] ( https://eol.jsc.nasa.gov/databaseimages/isd/lowres/sts028/sts028-151-19.jpg ) [ `` right , maybe the next one ... '' ] ( https://eol.jsc.nasa.gov/databaseimages/isd/lowres/sts028/sts028-151-20.jpg ) [ `` i guess , might be finland ... '' ] ( https://eol.jsc.nasa.gov/databaseimages/esc/large/iss008/iss008-e-20672.jpg ) alright , the last one if the gulf of finland , and st. pietersburg . 
  but no super awesome pictures like the one of spain . 
  never the less , awesome catalogue !, 
  yep . 
  in some countries like finland people use data a lot . 
  i mean a lot . 
  so the carriers and their network has been upgraded to handle that relatively efficiently , the same amount of data in say spain would cost a lot more than in finland , and now the spanish carrier will just send the bill to my local one . 
  and the finns travel to central europe a lot more than central europeans travel to finland , so the carrier wo n't get anything back . 
  so guess who will pay for this in the end ? 
  the customer of course . 
  so i 'm looking for a slight rise in some base monthly charge . 
  in theory this is a great thing . 
  but in reality the marginal costs for carriers in different countries differ too much for this to work well . 
  oh , right . 
  sounds confusing , but given the context here not that big of a mistake to make . 
  i mean the terms are super close to each other . 
  everyone outside of estonians consider them as baltic . 
  it 's perfectly understandable given the geography and their shared recent history . 
  i do n't know what / u/h2ppyme is on about , does he/she see being baltic as something bad , and if so why ? 
  i guess he likes to force the pov that they are more like finns than baltic . 
  that 's fine by me , makes little difference , but for the general context it 's like tilting at windmills . 
  estonia will be a baltic state for the general population for years to come . 
  in the end all the major european monarchies descend from denmark . 
  honestly , given the seriousness of all these a bit of humor is refreshing . 
   if they do n't want to see two people boning in their living room , they do n't have to look . 
  to be fair , they do n't know there is such action going on before they glance . 
  maybe you should 've made a sign that says that so they know not to look ? 
  also , [ vicky pollard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxcpj40efnc ), 
  probably all the nordic countries use it for the same . 
  love it . 
  looped square is commonly used here in roadsigns indicating places of interest like old castles or beautiful land sights . 
  beautiful . 
  he did n't deserve this . 
  no use for a large parliament when the top dog just points decisions on a map . 
  `` gulag there , invade there , poorly operated nuclear plant there . 
  once each have had their turn to debate the speaker decides if they live or [ die ] ( https://giphy.com/gifs/9neh2njjma4hi/html5 ), 
  meh , i vote for finnish . 
  it 's the one that makes most sense . 
   shares the earliest average age of first intercourse with norway and finland ( 13-14 iirc ) . 
  lol , that sounds like a fun threeway but i am a bit surprised that they monitor this . 
  i was n't aware the nordic love extends quite this far . 
  i want this . 
  tea ? 
  netherlands into nordics ? 
  it 's part of our baby box . 
  does pope shit in the morning ? 
  you vote for the person , not the party . 
  for once that actually is the case here , these politicians are standing behind their values and do n't want to be part of a racist lead party . 
  contrary to the popular belief , there are no woods in the vatican . 
  or are there ? 
  so they have implemented this `` fair amount of usage '' , which means that you get that 10gb limit on your data .
