i really do n't think that is true at all . 
  i hear this sentiment a fair bit from foreigners but as a brit i do n't know any other brits who thinks britain is a global superpower and owns the world anymore . 
  the only person i know who might still reminisce about the imperial days is my grandfather and that 's because he is 94 . 
  did graham norton say that ? 
  what was the context ? 
  yeah , like the bearded lady . 
  i actually quite liked his act . 
  well they 're probably not wrong about the homosexual and transgender part . 
  yeah i can understand that , you need to invest a lot of time in both of those games to actually start to figure out what is going on and enjoy it . 
  you have 40 votes ? 
  that seems unnecessarily confusing to me . 
  also , your post made me realise that i 've never actually heard ulm referenced outside of / r/paradoxplaza and / r/ulmgonewild before . 
   hungarian sex-traffickers sentenced in britain for sussex-based prostitution ring . 
  the girls were sometimes forced into working for them and some worked at u of sussex dorms . 
  this happened what in the halls of residence where i am staying now !, 
  it seems like such a bizarre piece of news , why would they choose uni halls to run a brothel in ? 
  i think it 's [ the altare della patria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/altare_della_patria ), 
  you know your project might be slightly too complicated when someone suggests draining the mediterranean as the `` easier '' option . 
  christ all these terms are confusing me and i got an a at english gcse . . 
  i 'm trying to get my head round it . 
  how many different types of liberalism are there ? 
  iirc this data for was self-reported , so it 's accuracy is reliant on men not to have exaggerated about their own length . 
  uk uses imperial measurements for a lot of things . 
  i live in surrey which in general is pretty green and pleasant . 
  [ here 's the view from boxhill ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01838/boxhill-view_1838473b.jpg ) i 'm pretty close to london too though , as you can see in this shot [ taken very close to me at epsom downs . 
  ] ( https://farm7.static.flickr.com/6155/6204750105_b27cf56c21_o.jpg ), 
  [ obligatory david mitchell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om7o0mfkmpw ), 
  do the veterans have to sign up to get this medal or will it be sent automatically ? 
  my granddad was in bomber command and i 'm wondering if he will just get one in a few months . 
  so how many thousands of latvians will immigrate to the uk ? 
  edit : it 's a serious question ... 
   the idea of the `` bloody belgian telling us what to do '' is all a bit xenophobic really , deliberate or not . 
  a product of culture i guess . 
  i know , it was just the first thing i thought . 
  immediately after i thought what a stupid thing it is to think ... mind you i have been brought up in a daily mail reading household so i think their constant spiel has got to me . 
  i have to admit i am a bit susceptible to this . 
  earlier today i saw this verhofstadt fellow on bbc news talking about the uk/eu and my first thought was `` who cares what this bloody belgian thinks , what 's it got to do with him ? '', 
  without even listening to what he was saying . 
  i think having mandelson oppose what cameron says probably helps cameron 's cause tbh . 
  sounds like the hokey cokey to me . 
  okay thanks !, 
  i only ask because when i 've been to spain a few times and do n't remember seeing any non-spanish euros . 
  if the uk had euros would foreign euros still be accepted in shops or would only uk euros work ? 
  i 'm 18 and where i am support for the eu seems pretty high amongst people my age ( although i only have a small sample ! ) . 
  and i am in a pretty staunch conservative area . 
  i do n't know anyone over 40 that would support staying in the eu . 
  there 's norway i would forget such a great country . 
  in fact if i could a-fjord to go i would love to visit someday . 
  [ i 've read the daily mail enough to know what europe is like . 
  i hope salmond gets his way with scotland , england will be better off when it does n't have to subsidise them . 
  yet he veto 'd the uk 's entry to ecc . 
  does n't sound like cooperation and harmony to me , what a hypocritical frog . 
   they dont want a referendum , they just want out . 
  you 're forgetting the years they spent campaigning for a referendum ... 
  there has n't been a queen of england since 1707 , so your call for a d\u00e9capitation is a bit late . 
  those parties ( except the greens ) are still pandering to ukip voters ' concerns though , even if they are n't offering a referendum . 
  just look back to the infamous labour `` controls on immigration '' mug . 
  i do believe that it is a gimmick , and one that i hope most tory voters can see through . 
  but still , there is a chance of a referendum happening , and a chance that britain will vote to leave so it is nonsensical to say that there is `` zero '' chance of it happening . 
  of course the higher ups in the tory party do n't want to leave the eu , they 've been weaselling around for years now trying to avoid the question . 
  if cameron truly was committed to dealing with this issue he would have offered a referendum already . 
  undoubtedly a lot of people within the party do want to leave the eu , hence the haemorrhaging of support towards ukip . 
  there must be an above zero chance of it happening though , the mere fact that cameron is offering a referendum if he wins shows that there is a chance . 
  they have shifted the debate though . 
  look at how every party , especially the tories , are pandering towards ukip voters . 
  do you really think cameron would be offering an eu referendum if it was n't for the insurgent ukip biting at his heels ? 
  why do you think there is zero chance of it happening ? 
   i 've listened to people like nigel farage on youtube , and people like him honestly think the uk is going to go back to being a huge power , with tons of influence on former colonial territories , driving leyland cars and telling mercedes and bmw to shove it , drinking earl gray and bovril with a nice smile on the face of every proud british man , women and child . 
  source ? 
  i 've watched a lot of farage speeches and have even spoken to the man a few times and i 've never got that impression from him . 
  i 'd be very curious to see where he 's said he wants to tell bmw/mercedes to go shove it . 
  source ? 
   scotland will certainly leave this is utter nonsense and typical of the sort of rubbish that the remain campaign has been spouting . 
  i would love to hear your reasoning for why scotland will get independence if we leave , considering that a clear majority chose to vote to remain part of the uk , support for independence has dropped since then and the price of oil is now less than $ 50/barrel . 
  [ we all know the truth about belgium  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz6rfxoefi4 ), 
  so why would we want to remain in a political union with such a petty and obstinate nation ? 
  you 're putting forward a good argument for a leave vote here . 
  very interested to ask caroline lucas about my bins . 
  last year i had the great displeasure of living in the only green run council in the country and they were absolutely hopeless . 
  for a party that supposedly cares about the environment they were truly abysmal at anything to do with rubbish collection . 
  this council had one of the worst recycling rates in the country . 
  we would go for weeks without our rubbish being collected , we would just watch as the piles of black bags got ever higher . 
  as well as that they gave us small recycling boxes , instead of bins and as they did n't have a lid bits of cardboard would go flying everywhere if their was a strong gust of wind . 
  it really made my street look messy , the amount of litter was terrible . 
  caroline lucas can talk the talk , but so far her party has failed totally at actually walking the walk . 
  no we do n't . 
  his position would be untenable . 
  he 's staked his reputation on this vote , and he 's already unpopular with his backbench mps and the grassroots of his party . 
  losing the referendum would be a huge blow that he could n't possibly recover from . 
  there 's already a couple of mps calling for his resignation . 
  with friends like these who needs enemies ? 
  are you part of juncker 's pr team ? 
  `` deserters '' is absolutely the wrong term to use at a time when the british people are deciding whether to stay or leave the eu . 
  berating and belittling people is n't a great way of getting people to agree with you , generally speaking . 
  on reflection , it was n't enough . 
  in that case , all those brit expats let the side down !, 
  only four points ?? 
  australia you are the worst colony . 
  the empire was a mistake . 
  malta loves us , they will give us 12 points edit : called it thank you based malta,
