laugh a bit ? 
  * a bit ? 
  * bruh . 
  now , i do realise that our pm wanted to force serbia to spread out the refugees , but ... was n't there any better way ( specifically diplomatic ) ? 
  and if you 're really going to close the borders , fucking roll with it . 
  this basically achieved nothing . 
  say what you want about our pm , but with this , he just basically secured one more mandate by effectively silencing the opposing party ( hdz ) . 
  * * i 'm wiiiiiiiiildddddd *, 
  we 've pissed off alot of people . 
  and i 'm glad . 
  you expect croatia to defend the borders of schengen from migrants who just came from schengen themselves ? 
  hahaha . 
  croatian pm is in yolo mode right now . 
  i do n't think anyone here really cares anymore . 
  where do you think all those migrants are going right now :d ? 
  it 's one thing bitching about our politics . 
  but did this motherfucker just say that our food is bad ? 
  idiot can probably only say `` macaroni '' and the waiter is way too underpaid to give a fuck about what he wants to eat . 
  our gov might be full of idiots , but they 're clever idiots . 
  hungary stuck one to serbia , serbia stuck one to croatia and croatia stuck one to hungary . 
  so i guess you could say : `` the more things change the more they also stay the same . '', 
  yeah , everyone is dying to get into schengen now ... oh and : http://police.hu/hirek-es-informaciok/legfrissebb-hireink/hatarrendeszet/kozlemeny-15 now calm your tits . 
  good luck with that . 
  invades ? 
  really ? 
  during an immigrant crisis ? 
  with the current economic situation ? 
  this is n't a hollywood movie . 
  i do n't know , but to me , it seems pretty tolerated . 
  and besides , what can they do ? 
  but ... it worked , did n't it ? 
  i 'm going to ... khm ... go on and save this . 
  you know , for , uhm ... my . . eeeeeh ... thesis ? 
  yeah , that . 
  wait a minute . 
  how did n't they notice a train ? 
  i mean ... it 's a train . 
  with a 1000 people and 40 police officers . 
  i 'm pretty sure you ca n't just miss it during a migrant crisis ? 
  wait a minute , how did they not know that the train was coming ? 
  edit : by this i mean that it 's a damn train . 
  with over a 1000 people . 
  how do you not notice it ? 
   if you are in a high-school dance-off , yes . 
  welcome to croatian politics . 
  yes , with tear gas and water cannons . 
  [ dje\u010daci - bile starke ( video ) ] ( https://youtu.be/kyhweu-qasg ) basically a whole song about these fuckers : http://i.imgur.com/xqxcmu3.jpg here 's a translation : http://lyricstranslate.com/en/bile-starke-white-converse.html, 
  good . 
  now mobilize the army and put them on the border . 
  no more playing nice guy . 
  it 's funny how the people of balkan are only brought together if there 's a third guy that we can also hate haha . 
  to be honest , i think that the police should 've gone harder on that idiot , so he serves as an example . 
  in any case , i wish hungaria and hungarians the best !, 
  right now , most of us are the equivelent of an average american girl . 
  we ca n't even . 
  our goverment is full of idiots . 
  i 'm sorry guys . 
  i 'm honestly disgusted . 
  downvote me if you want , i do n't care . 
  call the army , close the borders and everyone who even makes a fucking peep , beat the living shit out of them and send them back from where they came from . 
  the people of my homeland are starving and living in poverty and some of these fucks have the audacity to protest after we give them a place to sleep , medical care , food and water . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  fine . 
  get the fuck out then . 
  the fact that this bullshit is tolerated pisses me the fuck off . 
  fuck merkel and fuck the eu . 
  it 's just a matter of time before the `` nice and humanitarian '' mask of europe falls down . 
  what a bunch of fucking bullshit . 
  and now they 're swarming croatia because our goverment is more worried about the elections than the actual problems of this country . 
  the fact that media spins these things , only shows women and children ( who are a minority ) is pissing me off . 
  at least two thirds of them are n't even syrian . 
  croatia might be a shithole , but it 's my shithole so gtfo . 
  we have more than enough problems . 
  300 000 unemployed , slavonija ( the area where everyone is coming to ) is underdeveloped , people are rummaging through bins and asking for money on every corner . 
  shops are closing , fields are n't worked , a bunch of parents with young children no longer have a job , factories are closing , `` watch out , mines '' signs everywhere ... etc. 
  how are we supposed to help anyone else if we ca n't even help ourselves ? 
  fuck this . 
  edit : typos edit 2 : http://www.index.hr/vijesti/clanak/milanovic-o-izbjeglicama-nase-mogucnosti-su-ogranicene-moramo-voditi-racuna-o-hrvatskim-interesima/842399.aspx our pm is starting to backpedal . 
  only 15 hours after they said that they 'll accept and redirect everyone with open arms . 
  classical stages of shitting your pants . 
  first you show `` humanity '' , then when you finally realise what an idiot you actually are , you try to damage control . 
  what an idiot lmao . 
  by this point , i think the hungarians handled it the best . 
  oh boy , another article about the war . 
  i 'm guessing this is how the comments will go down : - the serbs will start blaming croatia for everything , calling every operation a war crime in the process - guys from bih will just wait for an opportunity to get on the argument train - the croats will damage control hard - somebody will blame the west/usa for the war - some ustasha and chetnik twats will get into an argument about who killed more people - guys from some other countries will try to put their country into this so they can also argue , because they 're bored - when arguments have run dry , insults will be flinged all over - someone from germany or northern europe will come up and write `` oh just balkan things '' - everyone else will roll their eyes and go to the next article honestly , fuck this . 
  edit : typos and a great point by collectionoftruth, 
  i do n't know about you guys , but atheism , drugs , alchohol and sexual permissiveness are pretty dope . 
  i feel as if this situation is spinning completely out of control . 
  not sure why you 'd think i was a second account but okay , sure . 
  i * thought *, 
  do n't spread lies and misinformation , it 's such a serb thing to do . 
  except nato did n't really come in with the goal to mow people down . 
  collateral kills can hardly be called genocide . 
  oh boy , are n't you a hypocrite if you genuienly think that bombing serbia was `` genocide '' , i suggest you look up the other things that happened in the balkans from 1991 to 1995 . 
  you fucking twat . 
  edit : wait a minute , did i just get baited by a dude named lowiqguardianreader fuck youuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  god damn it , did the 1st of may just have to fall on a sunday ... at least next year we have a workless monday . 
  i am so glad we are n't on this list . 
  i 'm on the verge of tears . 
  ahh , do n't be like that , it 's so obvious that all of these kids will be a failure and that the fact they 're having fun in front of a camera is spain 's biggest problem .
