  it does , but i do n't know how you concluded that it 's cheaper . 
  it 's 4-5 times more expensive than a kiowa and we do not have the infrastructure necessary . 
  our military loves to put out these kinds of videos . 
  they put out videos of recruitment and training camps , documentaries about our isaf contigements and lots of our military exercises . 
  if you 're interested : https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc6eb2yv7t6sr483zmmk22ga https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucezgusj1lvmiig_y1pcouca, 
  yup , c-5 galaxy , here 's a video of it taking off from zadar today . 
  they were actually a donation from the us military . 
  i was in munchen literally a week ago . 
  fucking hell , i do n't want to get used to this . 
  irish and croatian fans always have a good time together . 
  i 'd hate to be the guy who kicks the ball outside of the field . 
  in other news , water is wet , the english and the french are having a tea party and tommorow the croats and the turks will collaborate in a joint kuran reading session . 
  f-16s are the logical choice . 
  this is a post about that pic that i found on / r/militaryporn . 
  `` yes , i was in the artillery in the norwegian armed forces , and we used a similar spg ( m109 a3gn ) . 
  normally there 's at least 4-5 people inside -- one to set correct rotation and elevation , two to load the gun , one to prime the gun and pull the trigger and a commander -- and everyone remains inside while firing and reloading . 
  this changes , however , when you fire with a large enough powder charge . 
  as you may or may not know , artillery grenades are not attached to their propellants , the gunpowder comes in separate bags ( or casings ) , so you can vary the amount of propellant based on the distance to your target . 
  one exercise , we were instructed to fire with the maximum charge the gun could handle , and that required us to load the gun , then step out and actually take cover behind another spg while pulling the trigger ( like the guy in the picture ) , so i assume that 's what 's the case here . 
  i do n't know exactly why it is n't safe to remain inside , but it 's probably a combination of pressure and the fact that it 's just not very safe to push the limits that far . '', 
  no , we bought them in 2015 and only now are they arriving , fully modernized . 
  we 're stuck in a loop where nobody wants to take measures because it might offend someone and having weekly attacks . 
  and the crisis is only going to get worse with conflict escalation and climate changes in the middle east . 
  username checks out, 
  considering starting to learn french . 
  i have a chance to get free lessons for the next 3 years , but i really ca n't decide . 
  honestly fuck nutella and coca cola anyway , i 'm not touching that sugary shit with a ten foot pole . 
  let 's say le pen pulls a trump here and france leaves the eu . 
  we talking the end of europe as we know it or is it going to exist as long as germany wills it to ? 
  `` but guys , sweden is really safe , we should definitely take more refugees . '', 
  t. a white swede living in a rich neighbourhood boy oh boy is trump going to have a field day with this one . 
  being a fascist serb is an oxymoron of a whole new level . 
  it is if we want to uphold nato and article 5 . 
  i 'm talking proportionally and how much effort is going into modernization . 
  germany , a country so far up it 's ass about being a global economic powerhouse has no actual capability to deploy forces to anywhere in the world without the help of the us . 
  i 'd also like to take france for an example , they had to use us transport to get their troops to mali . 
  exactly . 
  when was the last time you saw some actual updates on the baltics , ukraine or turkey ? 
  only a bunch of irrelevant filler crap and eu praising . 
  eu defense is very much a joke if we exclude norway and maybe poland + the baltics . 
  germanys air force is useless , austrias eurofighters are breaking down , the uk does n't have active carriers , portugal and spain do n't even care since they 're on the far west , croatia is still using mig-21s etc. 
  not to mention that every year the military budgets are going down to favor fuck knows what . 
  a buffer zone in which kfor forces prevent any agression is pretty useful . 
  the collective eu is too divided and does n't have the balls to lead anything . 
  finally . 
  eu armies are absolutely insignificant at the moment with no capability of deploying any forces even to ukraine/poland/baltics wwithout us help which is sortof pathetic for a union which constantly talks about being an economic powerhouse . 
  http://www.alamy.com/stock-photo-a-jewish-headstone-defaced-with-a-swastika-in-the-the-former-nazi-16512228.html if every swastika graffiti is an argument now , we 've fallen very low . 
  i guess you 're right , i apologise . 
  but why would you upvote information you know is invalid ? 
  because i ca n't speak for the silent ones and everyone i 've seen in these comments , especially on the other thread lead me to that conclusion . 
  and yet , go to the other thread and witness 100 comments spitting on croatia and accusing us of a million things . 
  let 's not pretend . 
  huh , did n't even think to check his post history . 
  it 's obvious now . 
  and yet , the post gets 1000 + upvotes and his comment lying about our insignia gets 400 . 
  it 's not the same and you know it . 
  besides , this is a text post which explains my reasoning . 
  of course it 's not the same , because people on the front page see it and then automatically form an opinion without checking the comments . 
  yet it has 1000 + upovotes . 
  thanks for your input , but i suggest you read the comments on the other thread to see what i 'm talking about . 
  and when it comes to military units , it symbolieses swiftness and accuracy of sniper units . 
  not only that , but i doubt the collective usmc cares about offending anyone . 
  thanks , i do like my daily dose of butthurt . 
  also , if this is the type of content about the balkans that makes you laugh , you do have a pretty bad sense of humour . 
  oh sure , i 'm not here to discuss that , that 's another story . 
  too many of europes problems have been blamed on others which are nothing else but a result of our own incompetence and i do n't expect a truly unified europe until that changes . 
  i just wonder how many upvotes and comments this will have in comparison to the original thread since clickbait and circle jerk bullshit is usually what gets the most votes . 
  i also suspect it will be downvoted by plenty of serbs , but what can you do . 
  do n't know about russians , but there are more than plenty violent antifa types here who think they 're fighting the power by spreading false information . 
  maybe i do n't want to calm my goddamn tits down . 
  except it 's not official and the same symbol has been used in numerous other units around the globe ( usually with a latin transcript ) - for example the usmc scout snipers . 
  but of course , it 's easier to cry nazism and feel offended instead of researching by yourself by doing a simple google search . 
  i 'm dissapointed in you / r/europe, 
  jews of the ex-yu . 
  stay up until 5am browsing reddit and 4chan and letting all the self hatred slowly hit me . 
  after that go to sleep and have lunch with my family on christmas day . 
  after that go back to wallowing and on the 27th resume my usual routine because i 'm back to work and the gym opens again . 
  so turkish security services are full of suicidal islamists ? 
  that 's great news . 
  / s of course, 
  fuck me if i understood anything . 
  so the military does n't want to destroy that thing , but the people decide to attack it with bats and aks because ... uh, 
  dude , what did you ever see a turk/gypsy/arab family anywhere ? 
  they have like 5-6 kids standard . 
  how many kids does a regular westerner have nowadays ? 
  1,2 max . 
  well shit , croats came here in the 7th century on an invite and we were told to help kill the natives ( avars ) and cooperate and that in return we would get the territory . 
  its just one example of this . 
  well ... it happened before . 
  i have some great pictures from pri\u0161tina , kosovo . 
  would you like me to share ? 
  it 's too hot for sleep :(, 
  yeah , its a shithole . 
  but its my shithole . 
  i 'm not even mad . 
  waking up at 5am to croatian flags all over my street as i drink my coffee . 
  no better way to start a day . 
  croatia and mountain croatia :d, 
  well you did go to war for it . 
  i 'm admitting that even with your military might you were not capable of breaking the croatian army and when you finally faced an equal you ran like the cowards that you are .
