  these guys are my heroes . 
  and then get your head smashed in shortly after . 
  or hrvoje horvat , but at that point you 're just taking the piss . 
  they 're basically mountain croats anyway , so it 's not like it 'll be hard to intergrate . 
  soooo ... we should ignore history ? 
  i 'm sorry , but the only picture of croatia you are shown is dalmatia/istria/zagreb because they want you to visit . 
  try to visit anywhere but there and you 'll see what i 'm talking about . 
  especially slavonia , which has been destroyed in every possible way in the last 20 years . 
  a relative of mine had to jump through countless hoops a couple of years ago to live and work in germany , and he even told me that some people looked down on him because he 's from the balkans . 
  safe to say , he 's pretty annoyed with the current situation and i definitely get why . 
  the amount of people who have n't experienced the perfection called \u0107evapi is depressing . 
  both can be used , but svjetlost is used in physics : https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/svjetlost, 
  seriously ... he 's eating a kebab , not a 300 $ gourme dinner , what did people expect ? 
  svjetlost ... it could n't have been that hard to find our version . 
  hey serbs , can we both just agree to su-finance a 20 meter high wall on the border ? 
  thanks . 
  well fuck man , knowing that your people are somewhere within 1,759,541 km2 of a middle eastern country is n't really `` knowing '' . 
  the pm probably should 've phrased that differently then . 
  wait , so the serbian government knew about their location several days before this ? 
  then how did this happen ? 
  i 'd love to visit poland , iceland , iran and finland . 
  i 'd also love to visit ukraine one day , but with the entire war `` thing '' , that wo n't be the case . 
  i 've been to most of western europe , but i 've never really gone east of the border too much . 
  i hope i 'll have the means to travel around the world one day , i 'd love it . 
  the least ? 
  albania and belarus . 
  just nope . 
  god damn , we 're fucked . 
  gib back our kingdom pls, 
  ukraine and bosnia and herzegovina definitely . 
  a couple of days ago we had -10 and snow , tommorow it 's sunny +12 . 
  wtf nature, 
  the same thing for croatia . 
  except in this case it 's millions . 
  just keep an arms lenght away . 
  zagreb is one of the most beautiful cities i 've ever seen , especially during the advent time , when all the decorations are up and running , everyone is mildly drunk from the wine and there 's this very cheery spirit in every single person . 
  this is even more emphazised when it 's snowing and the atmosphere just get 's even more * christmasy * . 
  damn , i really want to visit zagreb now . 
  president of croatia - kolinda grabar kitarovi\u0107 she 's actually an awesome english speaker and she always talks with a rich vocabulary and in very clear sentences . 
  but that 's probably because she worked as a part of nato before becoming president , but still , i 'm glad to have a president that 's capable of speaking in both our mother tongue and in english . 
  our newely elected pm ; tihomir ore\u0161kovi\u0107 great english speaker , but his croatian is fucked . 
  he grew up in canada and is now trying to relearn most of the language . 
  another problem is that he constantly pronounces croatian words like you would in english , which does sound fairly awkward . 
  owns some major companies , has ties to our current politicians and is rich as fuck . 
  we have the same thing in my homecity of osijek http://youtu.be/xr4e88mnnao it 's awesome to see it every year . 
  yeah , i 'm sure this will turn outtotally okay and will have no long term consequences . 
  the last time something like this happened , everything went perfectly fine . 
  lunch with my family ( in other words , eat a fuckton of french salad ) , go home , get some sleep and then just relax and play some mgs v. 
  last light original looks better than the redux imo . 
  i laughed . 
  god damn it . 
  we 're relevant too . 
  okay then . 
  someone might accidentaly do it too well and jump over slovenia . 
  poland represent !, 
  awesome people , awesome folklore , awesome video games , awesome women . 
  what else can you ask for ? 
  at least you did n't spend 10 million euros to paint two tunnels . 
  i 'm not even joking , this actually happened . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that it 's a troll account . 
  this is nightmare material . 
  yeah , our goverment is currently deciding whether we 'll buy f-16s from the us/israel or buy swedish gripens . 
  hopefully , our goverment will decide by the end of 2016 . 
  i love how everyone around us is getting 4th and 5th generation fighters , the us army is getting rid of warthogs , american aircraft carriers are sailing into our waters and we 're sitting here with mig-21s . 
  murica ' , gib us planes pls . 
  of course , i agree with you . 
  temp around -20 are common during the winter in the eastern and the mountainous parts . 
  that 's emphasised even more in serbia since they 're even more to the east . 
  yeah , we all plan lots of things . 
  every single year it 's like this the christmas week - i 'm on vacation , no snow i go back to work - snow storms , -25 c and the urge to kill someone with a shovel, 
  fields of ard skellige is awesome , my favorite track from tw3 up there with ladies of the woods . 
  fuck , tw3 was an awesome game ... 
  hahahahahahaha what the fuck, 
  i hope that the fuckers who did this get caught and punished in the best ( worst ) possible way . 
  my heart goes out to the french people , stay strong . 
  god fucking dammit . 
  so far 40 dead . 
  edit : 60 dead , what the fuck ? 
  edit 2 : stayed up to 2am ... 150 lives , for what ? 
  the first time that i 'm happy about my country being an economical shithole . 
  since i have some german roots and i love and respect their culture ( and their women , heh ) , germany would be my first pick and the 2nd one would be poland . 
  it 's just something about slavic way of life ... the folklore , the food , the tradition ... 
  yeah , we are . 
  always wondered about this myself . 
  can some brit give a constructive answer ? 
  real \u0107evapi are in bosnia only . 
  those guys make it like no one else . 
  i originally planned to go out of my country when i finished college ( probably australia ( got some family there ) or germany/uk ( i can speak english perfectly and german pretty well ) , but with all the shit that 's happening in the west , i 'll be happy to stay here , thanks . 
  bosnia and herzegovina is n't a sustainable country . 
  donald trump is n't as dumb as some people make him out to be . 
  democracy is n't a very good system . 
  religion and especially modern religious institutions can very well fuck right off . 
  well , communism is great too ... on paper . 
  if i was a soldier and i saw this thing coming at me , i 'd just save the pilot some time and shoot myself , since i 'm dead anyway . 
  shots fired . 
  i remember a slogan in serbia . 
  `` the army is our people and the people are our army . '', 
  we won , now accept it . 
  listening to the last year 's amazing performancel . 
  https://youtu.be/tiujotdzhau today , we celebrate .
