   a misguided attempt to show solidarity with the protest movement against morsi . 
  the protest was n't * against * mohamed morsi , it was in * support * of the muslim brotherhood in egypt , of which morsi was a front figure , who was arrested and sentenced after a terrorist attack , and the party of the muslim brotherhood was banned . 
  and the muslim brotherhood is * expressly * islamistic ; that is , overtly political muslims . 
   in germany i have never heard a bad word about greece or greeks before the debt crisis , except the clich\u00e9 of their lax way of live . 
  exactly this . 
  i know there 's some bad blood between greece and germany * now * , and i 'm not sure i agree with the sentiment that * `` greece 's financial problems are mostly self-inflicted '' * , but it 's due to frustration with the crisis and measures taken by the financial and the political elite . 
  it annoys me to hell and back that people are pinning the blame onto eachother , rather than the corrupt bastards that fuck up both countries in varying measure , but it sure as hell is n't because of * `` deep-seated racism '' * . 
  i 've known what would be considered to be tremendously `` racist '' europeans throughout my years of being politically active as a nationalist , and i 've heard practically zero disrespect towards greece ; in fact , most european `` racists '' are n't bigoted at all against other europeans . 
  `` infiltrated '' makes it sound like they 've been insidious or sneaky about it . 
  they have n't infiltrated the green party , they 've just joined it and been accepted - the same way they 've `` infiltrated '' any other party . 
  they 're trojans , and greeted with open arms . 
  not james bond . 
   seriously guys , why do n't we just give the baltics long range missiles and nukes ? 
  then we would n't have to worry . 
  worked for us in the 80s . 
  in a modern context , nukes have become increasingly irrelevant , because of the likelihood that they 'll be deployed . 
  which is extremely low . 
  not only would most ( all ? ), 
  european nations be unwilling to defend themselves with nuclear weapons , even if push came to shove , but nuclear weapons are not as reliable as you would 've thought just a couple of decades ago . 
  there are counter-measures in play , it 's not a question of mad anymore . 
  it just takes one person to call the bluff and disaster is a fact - and even if you do launch , it might be stopped beforehand , assuring retaliatory action . 
  effective deployment of nuclear weapons would be a weapon of last resort , and at that point most would still hesitate , save possibly countries like turkey , china , or israel . 
   * '' ... the continent 's deep-seated racism toward its southern frontier state . 
  '' * what utter hogwash . 
  liberal hogwash trying to victimize and infantilize greece and drum up conflict . 
  any measure of `` racism '' against greece is animosity , almost exclusively german , due to the ongoing crisis , and it 's not even major as far as phenomena goes . 
   citizenship do n't change identity . 
  i agree with this , and i 'm consistently infuriated by the fact that people can not tell the difference between ethnicity , nationality , and citizenship . 
  that being said , while i agree with your sentiment , / u/anne-judithe is n't wrong ; dual citizenships are a mess , and the * least * we should demand , * the very least * , is the declaration of implied loyalty that citizenship is supposed to entail . 
  will it fix things ? 
  not on it 's own , no , and a great many turks in germany would still be turks , no matter what it says on a piece of paper stowed away in a file cabinet somewhere . 
  but it 's still the right thing to do . 
   germans living in pre-war czechoslovakia had czechoslovak citizenship and finally almost all considered hitler their leader . 
  to be fair , though , they were germans , part of the german nation , they had previously belonged to german statehoods , and wanted to belong to germany again . 
  perfectly reasonable , really , all things considered . 
   that 's the view from a very pessimist person or a euroskeptic wet dream . 
  no , i think that the eu has failed spectacularly in multiple different ways , and proven unable to handle both it 's member states , which i feel they have no implicit right to handle in the first place , as well as any major crisis , including greece , the economic crisis , and the current major migration crisis ( and just flat-out ignoring migration issues before that point ) , while falling back on the member states ' `` own responsibility '' , whilst also tying their hands . 
  it is not to be a * `` very pessimist person '' * to acknowledge that these issues are real . 
  one * might * argue that eu has n't failed as a whole , and that the eu still has value for other reasons . 
  i would not agree , but it 's a reasonable argument that can be made with a degree of legitimacy - after all , even i can say that the eu is bad , but it 's not literally satan . 
  there are minor positive aspects to the eu , i just do n't see them as outweighing the value of sovereign nations or make up for it 's many failings . 
  and when i say * it just has n't fallen yet * , which i would assume to be the * `` euroskeptic wet dream '' * , i 'm talking about an organization in decline and faced with a convergence of catastrophes . 
  it could still be decades until it falls . 
  hardly a euroskeptic 's wet dream ; the wet dream would be to see the whole thing topple overnight and be replaced by something productive within a decade . 
   there are many people who want eu to fall , some to nothing , some to something different and some to something with even more integration . 
  of course . 
  * `` in my opinion '' * or * `` i think that ... '' * tends to be implied . 
  i 'm obviously talking about my own analysis , not anyone elses . 
  i also define what that `` something different '' is , it 's not an open suggestion for just about anything whatsoever . 
  i love it when i echo things said by people i 've never heard or heard about before . 
  :d thanks for the link , going to listen to all of it . 
  i 'm inclined to agree , but i in no way meant to imply any sense of time scope . 
  what would be for the best would be if the eu would n't actually * fail * , but would rather be dismantled in favour of something different . 
  i would argue that the eu has already failed , it just has n't fallen yet . 
  i agree that if it does fall , my hopes of a voluntary cooperative council or alliance would n't even be possible to bring up for decades . 
  it 's practically only nationalists/third positionists pushing this idea ; both the political right and left are generally die-hard globalists or internationalists wanting the european union or a united states of europe , come hell or high water . 
  when/if the eu falls , it 's going to fall hard . 
  only a major conflict - such as with russia or eastern europe - would create the public support needed for another eu , and that 'd be for all the wrong reasons in all the wrong ways - again . 
  sweden . 
  nobody does shitty social reforms and unwarranted smugness quite as well as we do . 
  also , our reactionary elements would be all * `` we were great once y' know '' * , just like the bear flag republic . 
  this . 
  i genuinely think that the eu needs to be completely dismantled , and an organization built around the idea of mutual cooperation needs to take it 's place - not a supranational entity with it 's own constitution and the aim of creating a federal union where the power is so far removed from both the people and all forms of competence that it 's nearly unfathomable . 
  you said european economic community , i said european alliance & commerce guild , but i think we want largely the same thing . 
  either way , the eu needs to fall so that europe can survive . 
  please dear god no . 
  yes , it 's legitimately that terrible . 
  what we need are strong national characters and mutual respect for each other . 
  cultural exchange has to happen on a voluntary basis , between consenting nations , with influences being adapted over time , as the host nation assimilates or rejects various aspects of other ethnic groups . 
  this is how it 's always been . 
  a united states of europe would create considerable national animosity between large groups of people , and result in wide-scale balkanization , as in-groups would gravitate towards their own , while other in-groups would build up hostility towards more foreign groups . 
  this is already happening , but to push it even more would just make it even worse . 
  not only do we not want a united states of europe , but the current european union needs to be dismantled completely , and a european alliance and commerce guild take it 's place , where individual agreements can be negotiated and settled between individual nations ; not agreed upon by some and forced upon others . 
  yes , it would be messy , but this is a messy place , and we need to realize that and look to the strengths of our individual nations and countries . 
  let us be a council of individuals working together , rather than a frankenstein 's monster stitched together by a globalist financial elite . 
  their loyality is not to italy or the italians , but to their own people . 
  this is not conspiracy-think , it is simply that that people have a strong tendency towards favouring their own , regardless of socio-political structures , if for no other reason than them surrounding themselves with their own people , and sharing a common culture . 
  i deliberately did not bring governments into this , to avoid confusion . 
  even without a question of loyalty , it is easy to see how and why for example the chinese would favour chinese business interests , if for no other reason than the fact that they `` speak the same language '' , in both a figurative and literal sense . 
  that being said , financial influence * is * political influence . 
  it 's far from as direct as the * `` chinese government influencing the italian government because chinese immigrants work in italy '' . 
  * that 'd be an absurd simplification . 
  upvoted because it was a legit question , and it should be encouraged . 
  all you 've got are insults ; i think we know who 's feeling victimized here . 
  i hope you grow a sense of empathy and proportions , once day . 
  i do n't fear or hate the world . 
  the question is why you fear and hate europeans . 
  seriously speaking , though , the way you brush off birth statistics of natives and foreigners is very much indicative of your stance concerning genocide and the displacement of ethnic groups . 
  it is not pathetic to be concerned about foreign groups completely overtaking and marginalizing what is already a significant global minority . 
  yeah , i always think it 's pathetic when people care so much about genocide and displacement or replacement of indigenous ethnic groups . 
  these two concepts are not mutually exclusive . 
  the first is about immigrants hollowing out public welfare at the expense of the indigenous population , with no means or intent to contribute . 
  the second is about the influence of foreign nations and nationals over the domestic economy , and about potentially superficially inflating the economy . 
  both are enormous issues with immigration , and that 's just the economical aspects . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's not about europe anymore . 
  all the songs are in english , both turkey and israel are in it , not to mention fucking azerbaijan , georgia and armenia , which are all even east of turkey . 
   it 's not like this was ever a thing that was important to britain anyway . 
  a british empire , created by the british , ruled by the british . 
  it in no way even touches upon his points .
