one day you guys will be promoted , until then you could always come down the rec and watch a proper game of rugby being played ;d, 
  are you a primary school teacher perchance ? 
  that is one of most insane ideas i have ever heard . 
  there is a greater offer for labour which drives wages down . 
  there may be a greater supply of consumers , but since the jobs they occupy tend to be poor paying in nature , we 're not going to see such a pick up in demand due to a limit of income . 
  however , since we 2.4 million people unemployed in the u.k. that would suggest that inviting every swinging dick into the u.k. has done little to alleviate the problems we face . 
   higher wage rates in big cities than in rural areas the value of the product produced helps decide profit and therefore wages . 
  a primary sector good such as a bushel of wheat has less inherent value than a service sector good such as a design for a building . 
  since much of the service sector 's activity is centered in cities that is where the wealth is concentrated . 
  feel free to prove me wrong then . 
  yes i do know that , but i am certain that the jobs they do create can not employ the rest of their fellow immigrants . 
  therefore there will be further competition for existing jobs , which in turn will lower wages . 
   that 's not the only solution to the housing crisis so how can we solve the housing crisis , if we do n't build more houses ? 
   immigrants do n't cause salaries to fall go and read up on some basic economics , particularly the section entitled `` supply and demand '' . 
  i take it that ; you already own a house , do n't mind the green belt being built over and do n't mind your salary falling ? 
  when my old man was in the r.a.f. 
  they used to test the sirens every bloody wednesday on the airbases we always lived adjacent to . 
  imagine trying to get to sleep as a kid when all you can hear is this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmams7guxyu, 
  oh yes that would show us . 
  i 've lost count of the number of times friends and family have mentioned their desire to move to those economic powerhouses . 
   `` heads of state and government have to start building stand-by forces under union command . '', 
  the majority of e.u. 
  countries disgustingly piggy back off of a few countries in n.a.t.o. 
  the majority of the e.u. 
  are not even willing to allocate the 2 % of gdp to their military budgets , which is required for n.a.t.o. 
  participation . 
  so where are the funds going to come from for this new pet project ? 
  i know , but i was hoping to deliver the punchline in a later comment , but since * someone * already delivered it , my comment is a bit disjointed now . 
  up periscope ! ... ... ... 
  ... angry spanish neck-beard spotted at 200 yards ! ... . . 
  ... prepare to laugh hysterically at the jingoistic nerd ... ... 
  do you know why all of the ships in the spanish navy have glass bottomed hulls ? 
  you cited the square root of fuck all , but attempted to pass off your opinions as fact . 
  just as i predicted , zero quantifiable evidence , just bullshit and bluster . 
  that you need to resort to personal attacks tells me enough . 
   r&d budgets for these companies pale in comparison to their advertising budgets . 
  no they do n't , see here : http://www.fiercepharma.com/special-reports/glaxosmithkline-top-13-advertising-budgets vs here : http://www.fiercebiotech.com/special-reports/worlds-biggest-rd-spenders/glaxosmithkline-worlds-biggest-rd-spenders . 
  that 's just one example . 
  by allowing anyone to take the research , you remove the capability for a firm to recoup it 's r&d costs . 
  if a firm ca n't recoup the costs it wo n't invest in r&d in the first place . 
  can you provide any evidence that your model will be more beneficial than the current one ? 
  i think i already know the answer . 
  you have to establish a balance , otherwise the nhs would revert to a service to ensure your comfort as you die . 
  as it routinely did in the early years of it 's life . 
  after all that 's what 's most cost effective . 
  where are the figures to back up these assertions ? 
  or am i jut imagining the huge r&d budges for the likes of gsk ? 
  conduct a role reversal on yourself , i 'm willing to bet that your reply would be different if it was you or a family member that needed that drug . 
  it would n't matter how long that pill extended your life , because to you it would be worth it . 
   abolish patents for medicines have you honestly thought that through ? 
  what company would invest in drug research if they could not be certain of recouping the huge costs required for said research ? 
  in the best scenario you 'd reduce the entire pharmaceutical industry to a bunch of paranoid leeches , waiting for their competitors to do the research so they can profit off of each other 's efforts . 
  at worst you 'd stall or completely halt medical advancement , as the industry converts to manufacturing generic well established drugs . 
  are you a british left-wing politician by any chance ? 
  i second wobblewaggon 's opinion . 
  get yourself a cheap flight and a back pack and come to the south west of england . 
  like he said there is the bristol harbour festival and you can get a bus ( for about # 4 ) to my home city of bath , which is about 20 minutes away . 
  there 's loads of stuff to see such as the : ss great britain roman baths clifton suspension bridge bath itself between these and the harbour festival you should you should be ok for a few days . 
  yes really , we as a nation have always considered ourselves separate from europe . 
  in my experience , the mainland has a distinctly ` european ' feel to it 's architecture , customs , political ideology , the list goes on . 
  you do n't even need to visit the u.k. to notice the contrast . 
  england , if not the wider u.k. is a very different beast in comparison to europe . 
  quite , i was also sure to wear the holiday uniform officially mandated by the queen . 
  for those who do n't know , it consists of a ~ ~ khaki shirt and shorts , knee-high woolen socks , a pith helmet and a copy of the daily telegraph ~ ~ . 
  england football shirt , beer belly ( despite being 21 ) , cheap jewelry , white trainers and shorts . 
  they should have been more specific then . 
  also , my original statement was tongue-in-cheek . 
  no , but i did speak rather loudly in a sneering manner to get the locals to understand me , despite them claiming to not know english . 
  i 'd better abstain from participating , so far my record is : thailand : seen phuket and got drunk . 
  egypt : seen the pyramids and got drunk . 
  ibiza : went to es paradis and got drunk . 
  czech republic : will update when i get back . 
  i have a rough idea of what i 'll be doing . 
  i think in a * very * twisted way , he does have a point though ( the first part of his rant , anyway ) . 
  it 's the reason scandinavian countries have a large number of high proficiency english speakers ( i could n't even practice using norwegian , because the locals would switch to english ) . 
  a majority of languages on the continent are already redundant and are only being kept alive due to inertia and the actions of organisations dedicated to the preservation of the various countries languages . 
   bitter about language/stop with that shit oh , really ? 
   based on a clich\u00e9 it is n't , read the conclusion , at the end of the report , the author makes some acknowledgement towards the fact . 
  i also gained the impression of bias from the author 's writing style , but that just might be my basic self-taught french not being up to standard . 
   cost of education yes it does , but only the direct costs . 
  have you actually read the report , or did you just read about it on wikipedia ? 
  nope , to try and feed the one 's we already have . 
  the report recognises that the implementation of the artificial language is currently unfeasible . 
  it also fails to identify the hidden costs behind the adoption of esperanto . 
  how much would it cost for example , to convince us that it 's adoption by the public education system is a good idea ? 
  finally it 's recommendation is based upon an incredibly bitter bias held by a francaphone , who recognises his language is becoming increasingly useless . 
  obviously , but what would would justify the immense cost of the switch , especially as english is the official language of so many professions ? 
  interesting , cheers for the reply . 
  what was given there was the opinion of the minister . 
  i wonder what the opinion is of the danish people , in regards to the option for leaving the e.u. 
  no it is n't , the idea of implementing dead or artificial languages is unrealistic . 
  think of the costs and other associated issues with getting the entire e.u. 
  proficient with a new language . 
   i was joking . 
  yeah , that did n't go too well for you did it ? 
  the good senator and those members of the european parliament that agree with him can jog on . 
  it is not up to the senator from a tin pot country to dictate to a small community who they are . 
  if he has issues with this line of thinking he can take it up with hm armed forces . 
  that looks a bit rubbish imo . 
  here 's our new # 5 note for contrast : http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2013/apr/26/winston-churchill-new-five-pound-note,
