  but less elegant , in my humble opinion . 
  a german that habitually writes for left wing newspapers , writes in a center-left magazine that britain should be more like germany and a german news outlet picks this up . 
  hmmmmm . 
  so where is the xenophobia , homophobia and racism ? 
  what you have quoted me is ukip 's stance on immigration ( there are not enough jobs to go round ) , defence ( we are dangerously close to spending below that required by nato ) , the eu ( an anti-democratic federalist 's wet dream ) , climate change ( do you honestly believe the uk we could make a dent in global carbon production ? 
  ) , westminster , multiculturalism , the human rights act , university targets ( by the way they 're scrapping the target , not denying entry into university ) . 
  the only policy i do n't agree with is limiting religious expression . 
  however there is no racism , homophobia or xenophobia expressed within their manifesto . 
  oh i have read their manifesto , but i seriously doubt you have . 
  in fact i 'm inclined to believe you have based your opinion solely from the scribblings of laurie penny and her chums from certain news outlets . 
  you wo n't mind me labeling you as a driveling cunt will you ? 
  at least i have evidence to back this up . 
  as a southerner it would be good to get rid of all the leeching areas of the u.k. that ca n't pay their own way . 
  as an englishman i say ; do n't let the door hit your arse on the way out . 
  fair enough . 
  if it was a joke it was poorly executed , it looked like you were addressing me . 
  secondly , being concerned about immigration does not make you a racist . 
  what do you mean by `` my kind of christian '' or `` we 're white not like those southerners '' ? 
  are you trying to imply that i 'm so sad that i judge someone based on religon or skin skin colour ? 
  grow up , you wanker . 
  not really , it looks like a run of the mill cock-up to me . 
  then again why should we be bothered about it ? 
  to the majority of british people romania and bulgaria are just two poor countries in the corner of europe with a population who may , or may not be emigrating en mass in 2014 . 
  due to questions such as : where are funds coming from to equip them ? 
  what are they going to be equipped with ? 
  what doctrine shall they use ? 
  where will they be based ? 
  what is their purpose ? 
  who is happy with an organisation that was originally being a free trade area suddenly having it 's own private army ? 
  the most important issue to address is the capability of this new pan-european force you propose . 
  the harsh truth is that the majority of european military forces are to put it bluntly , shit . 
  that 's why we only pair up with the dutch ( see the relationship between our and their royal marines as an example ) . 
  i 'd rate the french as up there as well , but the rest are cack . 
  either in terms of equipment , deployability , flexibility , doctrine , numbers , funding or being cursed with being deployed by politicians without the bollocks to fight a war . 
  that 's where the current battle group structure comes in . 
  the presence of french and british battle groups lends a sense of credibility to the idea of violence being waged on behalf of the eu , without the above issues needing to be addressed . 
  what are you on about ? 
  the battle groups are exclusively european you plonker . 
  `` i am therefore pleased to speak to the parliament today on behalf of high representative and vice-president catherine ashton , about the ** european union 's arctic policy ** following the adoption of the joint communication of the commission and hr/vp last june . '', 
  my point still stands , they are a bunch of useless individuals who are out of their depth in a summers puddle . 
  they 're all talk and no action , the latest laugh being a promise to crack down on fraud , yet the eu is ` losing ' up to # 4 billion a year . 
  i 'm sorry , what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  that is not a strategy , just hot air . 
  then again i did n't expect anything less from the eu . 
  an organisation made up of people who could n't find their arses with both hands . 
  remind me again why the ussr ceased to be , why living standards were so poor for the vast majority of soviet workers , why the former eastern germany has had trillions of euros pumped into it to try and bring it up to scratch ? 
  also a planned economy requires the government to dictate the terms of production , in order to do so it would need to be at least a majority share-holder . 
  thus it is in effect the nationalization of a nations ' industry . 
  `` opportunities for brits to live and work freely across the continent '' haha ... ... ... ... what opportunities ? 
  has the euro melt-down completely passed this oblivious idiot by ? 
  the wages in eastern europe are piss poor , southern europe is slowly disappearing up it 's own arse and the rest of the euro-zone is looking quite iffy . 
  the situation in the u.k. is n't great , but there is more opportunity here than the majority of europe . 
  the guy was a genius and i would absolutely recommend his book ` capitalism and freedom ' . 
  i bought the book as an ardent left-winger . 
  when i finished it i became a libertarian , it was the one book that truly affected me and delivered it 's arguments in a more concise and convincing manner than ` das kapital ' . 
  nah , you can keep it in your pants , maybe one day when you get a girlfriend ( an actual women with a vagina , not a bloke pretending to be a girl ) you can show it to her . 
  you sad , sexually confused and creepy individual . 
  nice edit to your comment , but i wo n't be altering my initial one ( to the people reading this , he wanted to show me his dick ), 
  i can only attribute such an observation to be based upon region , or social circles . 
  the people i have spoken to regarding this subject tend to hold drunken idiots ( people spending their benefits or a large percentage of their salary on alcohol ) in extremely low regard . 
  no one has told me and everyone i know and we live there . 
  the cards may be stacked against you , but the opportunity to exceed in life is always there . 
  that 's what makes me a bit miffed when i see people complain about their situation , yet have done nothing to improve it , or themselves . 
  it is n't socially acceptable to be a washed-up piss-head though , is it ? 
  so yes , i would say the same thing . 
  secondly i agree that the system is fucked , but hiding behind a haze of marijuana smoke is n't going to change it . 
  life is what you make of it , if you spent less time quoting and more time experiencing you 'd know that , the rest of your post is hysterical nonsense . 
  anyway , you had something to say about overly emotional reactions ? 
  hypocrite much ? 
  oh well , maybe you should go back to leering at women and exposing yourself on the internet ? 
  ( i can look back at posting history as well ) . 
  what , you wasted your entire existence so-far substituting reality for a chemically induced state of mind , which enables you to spout pseudo-intellectual bollocks ? 
  face it , your lack of back-bone is the primary failing here , life is what you make of it and you chose to spend it setting fire to plants and bitching about `` the system '' on the internet . 
  yes , we owe nothing to them , but i 'm sure you are sacrificing the majority of your salary to alleviate the suffering of the poor in another country ... ... ... . or are you ? 
  do you enjoy your current standard of living ? 
  the matter is that in the real world , we are in economic competition with the other countries of the planet . 
  there is no law stating the uk has to be a first world country . 
  like it or not the banks directly fuel a large percentage of the economy . 
  people are hurting right now , smashing the banks to fuel a left wing wank fest does not put food on the table or keep a roof over your head . 
  yeah that sits well with me . 
  lets destroy our only world-leading industry so ... ... what ? 
  so some hippies can feel better ? 
  so we can fork out more cash we do n't have , to some over dependent tin pot dictatorship ? 
  this was n't an article , it was a rant . 
  is n't the european union great ? 
  they 'll bail out another irresponsible government , but they 'll help themselves to savers deposits while they are at it . 
  i also wonder what the long term implications of this decision will be . 
  the cypriot service industries will probably implode for want of capital , which will destroy their economy even further . 
  whats more i ca n't help but feel that the e.u. 
  will help itself to other countries citizens bank accounts , should it find itself short of cash . 
  the survey in the article does not take into account benefit claimant figures from those immigrants who came to the uk from outside of the eu . 
  i would be interested to see what the adjusted benefit claimant figures are for non eu migrants vs the native population . 
  so we stand to lose # 100 billion over ten years , if we set up no new trade agreements whatsoever ? 
  that is an awefully wild assumption to make . 
  i may have overreacted and i apologise for doing so . 
  soldiers have honking about their kit since the beginning of time . 
  i 'd be willing to bet there were some english longbowmen moaning about how often the string snapped during the battle of crecy . 
  having said that , i think it 's quite unusual for soldiers to lack confidence in a relatively mature weapons system . 
  i 'm going to come out and say i do n't care about what human rights record these countries have . 
  the sales of these arms keep possibly thousands of british workers in gainful employment , as well as reducing our trade deficit and bringing in valuable tax revenue .
