  makes them look a bit weird . 
  what you 're describing is [ state capitalism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_capitalism ) , not communism . 
  the ussr was never really communist . 
  all that it 's missing is just a couple of slits for firing at the undead hordes . 
  `` i better go back home and speak with father . '', 
  plot twist : fma and noragami take place in the same universe ? 
   i kind of wish we saw more of hiyori 's fighting otaku since i thought that would have been a fun character attribute . 
  perhaps in the manga , which i will go and read now . 
  rabo killed by a sushi roll kick , now that would 've been priceless ... oh well , i guess i 'll just have to be content with yato getting jungle savate 'd by hiyori . 
  besides , the first two fallout games had aks in them , and they both took place on the west coast , so i 'd say it 's entirely believable . 
  you 're supposed to land in the pool , dang it !, 
  you should n't make utsuho upset aya . 
  you would n't like it when she 's [ upset ] ( http://safebooru.org//images/389/506b376b436630ef93b48fb8f65ee16f45361eee.gif ), 
  i would expect no less from the honnouji academy 's head of trap development . 
  well , it 's more of a detective game with a side helping of shooting , but i get what you mean . 
  gorgeous , just gorgeous . 
  i could see the drones being fairly humanoid , easier for people to interact with them when they look more natural . 
  though they probably would n't have distinctive heads like the ones in the pictures , instead sensors spread all over the body and the brain/cpu in an armored compartment in the chest . 
  just remember to bring a lot of beetles . 
  it 's like a kiwi without legs . 
  so goddamn adorable . 
  touhou is not an anime though , so it does n't really count . 
  a klk fighting game similar to swr would be pretty awesome in my opinion , anyway . 
  well , to be fair , the imperials were n't the original builders of some parts of their city either , such as the white-gold tower . 
  `` this assault rifle i 'm holding , you 've probably never heard of it . '', 
   derek 's best lake yet, 
  wait , what ? 
  also , the wall reminds me of asoiaf , does it serve a similar purpose here ? 
  i have this weird feeling now that i 'm now on a government list somewhere ... 
  maybe , but that 's a touch spell , and depending on your dm , you might accidentally set yourself on fire as well by being too close . 
  ah , seems that i derped back there a bit . 
  i assumed it was a touch spell based on the name . 
  really now ? 
  and even if they really did , who the hell would want to nuke territory they 're planning to annex in the near future ? 
   there 's also the [ lancia stratos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lancia_stratos ), 
  hey , is n't that [ batou 's car ] ( http://www.serenadawn.com/gits-vehicles_clip_image002_0000.jpg ) from gits ? 
  the first one looks like the delorean 's big brother . 
  that eyepatch ca n't be very useful when fighting with a sword . 
  dat lack of depth perception . 
  well , i 'm not sure what to think of this ... business as usual in japan , i guess ? 
  they also cut out additional dialogue between enju and the infected , where we get some more insight into his background , and he asks her to let his family know what happened . 
  was a bit disappointed they did n't include that bit and just had a huge spider erupt out of him almost immediately . 
  and the manga was a lot darker , so hopefully the show will catch up soon . 
  you have n't been here long enough . 
  clearly the only appropriate response is either lol or indifference . 
  i had my suspicions , since their hair colors did n't match . 
  huh , interesting . 
  any idea why they decided to do that ? 
  * characters failing to pick up on obvious clues , romances being the biggest offender here . 
  * unrealistic reactions to unusual situations . 
  a weird girl fell on my balcony and is now freeloading at my place and annoying the hell out of me ? 
  better act like it 's business as usual , instead of kicking her out like a normal person would . 
  * ridiculous hair . 
  and i mean extra ridiculous , not just pink or blue . 
  like , yugi mutou level ridiculous . 
  viewers are n't dumb , no need to smash exposition into our faces as though it 's a wrecking ball . 
  not to mention it breaks immersion if it 's something the characters are supposed to know already . 
  i mean , why would they be discussing it ? 
  hunter2 is old hat . 
  correcthorsebatterystaple is where it 's at now . 
  a poor person barely getting by suddenly having a lot of spending money would raise a lot of questions , and if anyone found out where the money came from , game over for rentarou most likely . 
  though it could 've possibly created an interesting situation if they 'd gone that way and made him more fallible . 
  still , establishing that he 's very devoted to the greater good by having him shoot the money offering full of holes works for me as well . 
  ok , shoot . 
  removing highly qualified people does n't seem like a very good house cleaning method to me . 
  yeah , it 's more or less a textbook example of how not to do your first episode . 
  but if you sit through it the series gets awesome with a capital a. 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nrqwhpw.jpg ) now that 's classy as fuck . 
  or yukari is fooling around with gaps again ... 
  cut the cable . 
  you can have it in any color you want ... as long as it 's black . 
  from what i understand , a lot of alliance space is contested though . 
  most of it used to belong to the batarian hegemony , but the council for some reason decided it 'd be a good idea to allow humans to expand there ... one of the reasons for shitty alliance batarian relations . 
  oh well , not being part of the citadel clique sure helps with getting shafted big time , i guess . 
  eh , i would n't say it 's that bad of a dump . 
  not even a negative modifier . 
  if it 's homemade siskonmakkarakeitto , it does n't taste so bad . 
  would rate it average based on my own personal experiences . 
  a burn so severe he deorbited . 
   why would you try disarming a nuclear weapon in an area that harbored hundreds , if not thousands of little baby monsters belonging to one seriously huge and angry mom ? 
  well , it was heavily implied earlier in the movie that nuking the monsters might be a bad idea . 
  firstly , they 'd been unable to kill godzilla with nukes before . 
  secondly , the mutos consume nuclear radiation in order to develop and grow . 
  hell , the female one ate some of the nuclear warheads on the army train . 
  even better after they implemented zero bloom mode ... after that it became the dolphin gun , destroyer of worlds . 
  that would make me sad . 
  i want my pink hedgehog gun . 
  i 'm having this problem as well , so it 's not just you . 
  still , as a site hosted in the us , does n't reddit follow us law , thus making it illegal ? 
  and here i thought nothing on the internet could faze me anymore ... 
  of course the site should n't be sued for the behavior of its users since it ca n't control what they post , but should n't they be legally obliged to remove the posted material if it breaks us law ( s ) ? 
  arise is a prequel series , so the older material is n't really required to understand everything . 
  the original movie and the two anime seasons are great and well worth watching regardless though . 
  i really liked everything up until the ending , which i thought was horrible . 
  sometimes the good threads get saved , so there is still some hope . 
  ] ( http://www.brewdog.com/blog-article/hello-helsinki ), 
   `` following a pretty crazy day on the blog , we can confirm we have found an amazing partner to work with on the launch of brewdog helsinki !, 
  thanks so much to everyone who got in touch , the response was astronomical and we 're insanely excited to be opening a bar in helsinki !, 
  more announcements on the exact location will come soon , we are aiming to open this summer . '', 
  yeah , good luck with that ...
