  how 'd you manage to flip the mako upside down anyway ? 
  sounds like some pretty deep space magic to me . 
  the thing that always gets me about this chopper is that it has an ejection seat . 
  crazy russians . 
  i find it a bit funny that fansubbers that do their thing for free have infinitely better typesetting than the people doing the official releases ... y' know , the people who actually get paid . 
  it ca n't be just a licensing issue , or can it ? 
  for example , i bought the angel beats dvd at a convention , and while i ca n't say much regarding the translation ( ca n't read/speak moon ) , the typesetting was pretty atrocious . 
  and children . 
  they will fuck you up even worse than the maids . 
  i tried out the deathadder in a store today , and i agree , it 's really nice , especially the side buttons . 
  pretty expensive though . 
  been a long while since i last played hawken , the client has just been ... sitting on desktop for months . 
  maybe i 'll give it another try now since there 's probably going to be an influx of new players thanks to steam . 
  there was episode 4 ... 
  but other than that , not much filler , yeah . 
  it 's pretty easy , yeah . 
  while the sign 's controls are generally password protected to prevent abuse , often nobody bothers to change the default password into something else . 
  alternatively , a lot of electronics have a physical reboot/reset function you can use . 
  both the default password and reset methods are pretty easy to find online . 
   * satsuki is ruthless even to club leaders . 
  takaharu 's treatment was n't particularly nice after he failed to apprehend ryuuko though ( sanageyama beat him with a chair leg and all ) , so we sort of knew that already . 
   * ryuko can kick ass even without senketsu . 
  this was already established in the very first episode , she was n't wearing a kamui and still beat the 1-stars attacking her to a pulp . 
  other than that though , you do make some good points . 
  he was n't , yeah . 
  then again , the reason for maiko getting expelled was n't because she failed to stop ryuuko from reaching homeroom on time ( and to be honest , she was successful enough that it was down to seconds for ryuuko & co ) , it was because she tried to usurp satsuki by stealing senketsu . 
  also , ryuuko did n't use the scissor blade to beat up the 1-stars in episode 1 , she used the box it was kept in , and only took it out after that . 
  i would pay good money for a black lagoon game based on the gta concept . 
  roanapur as an open sandbox game world with missions would be awesome . 
  # 10 panty , stocking & garterbelt, 
  is this stuff from your own hdd , or something you can find on google music ? 
  because if it 's the latter , that 's awesome . 
  the music industry has always had a lot of shit thrown in it , it 's just that after a couple decades nobody remembers it anymore because it was , y' know , shitty . 
  d. t. r. 
   probably true but i do n't care as long as it is what crimea wants . 
  to me it seems more like a case of what russia wants . 
  i mean , how convenient that russia just happens to send soldiers to occupy the peninsula just before a referendum . 
  this way we can have a referendum every decade and play ping-pong with crimea as the ball . 
  it 's fun for the whole family !, 
  one big problem though is that the referendum taking place is against the constitution of ukraine , which states that all ukrainian citizens should be able to vote for the decision to be legitimate . 
  and so far they 're only allowing crimean citizens to vote . 
  and to be honest , the fact that the referendum is even taking place with russian troops present is a big mistake . 
  i do n't think that you can have a completely free and and fair referendum this soon after what 's happened in ukraine in general , not to mention the presence of armed forces from another country that has a vested interest in the situation . 
   legally speaking you are 100 % correct . 
  but i just find myself not caring . 
  just like many people did n't care that the impeachment of the previous president of ukraine was not done legally . 
  a law is not the be all end all in these situations . 
  it is my belief that self determination is more important than a countries laws . 
  if a region does not want to be part of a country i fully support a vote to leave . 
  legally in ukraines law my view is not legally correct but just because a country has a law that does n't make it right . 
  i agree with you here to a degree , but i think that the top priority should be to stabilize the situation in ukraine , and crimea going rogue with support from russia is not helping . 
  the previous ukrainian government getting overthrown is unfortunate and a whole another discussion in terms of whether it was justified or not , but the point is that what 's going on right now is in no way in the interests of ukraine as a whole , and needs to stop . 
  and allowing independence/secession just because enough people in a region want it is very , very problematic . 
  based on this principle , chechnya could go independent ( i 'm sure russia would love this ) , or texas could secede from the us , for example . 
  ultimately , any ethnic ( russian , spanish , french and so on ) group with enough permanent representation in a specific geographic area could vote to secede and become an overseas territory of its host country . 
  surely you see the mess that this kind of thinking would cause ? 
  pretty much , most of the time humans would just keep chasing their prey until it simply collapsed from exhaustion . 
  also having just two legs helps with it , more efficient over long distances . 
  `` attempt to leave work early detected . 
  return to your cubicle immediately . 
  you have ten seconds to comply . '', 
  somewhere , a lone level designer is jumping in joy that his efforts are finally noticed . 
   nato does n't have to invade russia proper to defeat them . 
  there 's also the old saying : never start a land war in russia . 
  you can only lose when general winter joins the fight . 
  nothing really , i suppose . 
  but i do n't think that living in a moldy and leaky house that might collapse on you would be anyone 's idea of a good time , unless they were very , very desperate . 
  true to a degree , but you do n't have infinite missiles . 
  you 're going to have to set up logistics , and not just for ammunition , but also food , spare parts for vehicles and equipment , as well as moving your wounded . 
  russia is not a very nice place , even when it 's warm . 
  there are roads in siberia that are more or less blocked by snow during winter , and when it all finally melts in summer , you get mud and floods to deal with instead . 
  even in a military 4x4 , progress would be slow . 
  then there 's also the fact that the russians will harrass and inconvenience you in any way they can . 
  they 're going to blow up the bridges , bury mines in the roads , and burn down or boobytrap anything that could be of use to you if they have to retreat from an area . 
  so even with modern military equipment , an overland invasion of russia would not be easy . 
  obviously it would n't be as costly as it was for napoleon and hitler back in the day , but costly enough to discourage most . 
  some of the new systems the alliance claimed used to belong to the batarians , so it 's not like it was all backwater nobody cared about . 
  also , it seems that the map counts batarian space as part of earth alliance space for some reason . 
  they used to be able to do this by remotely controlling the keepers , but when you get to ilos in me1 , you find out that the protheans altered the keepers to ignore the signal . 
  because of that sovereign had to physically attach himself to the citadel and have saren access the controls in the council tower before he could hope to do anything . 
  unless he does nothing but play games all day , every day , you do n't have much of an argument . 
  and even then it 'd be pretty weak . 
  oh look , a portable seizure . 
  where can i get myself one of these ? 
  that does n't sound very safe ... 
  it 's probably more the fault of news organizations blowing everything out of proportion whenever scientists make announcements about anything . 
  they just want the awesome lightsabers all for themselves ... 
  damn selfish scientists . 
  a specialized missile with a drill tip that penetrates and then explodes inside maybe ? 
  i mean , they 've tried sillier things to take godzilla down ... 
  who does n't like watching giant monsters fight each other and wreck shit up ? 
  it 's glorious destruction porn . 
   [ steins ; gate ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_md9kp1kv6l1rpny0mo1_400.gif ), 
  ha , the joke 's on you , i 've read all the books so far so i ca n't be spoiled !, 
  i 've only watched the first season so far , and i liked it , although obviously you ca n't quite do the books justice with just ten episodes per season . 
  the main thing that has been holding me back from watching more is that i already know everything that 's going to happen ( unless the writers have the freedom to do some things differently ) , so the `` surprise muthafucka ! '', 
  factor is ruined a bit . 
  filler . 
  lots and lots of filler . 
  really nice , though i think that the reach one would be better without the beams coming from the ships .
