depends on the phone . 
  if it 's a $ 25 nokia that broke , why not ? 
  an iphone would be a different matter though . 
  i wonder how well something like that would work as a social engineering ( ish ) tactic . 
  set up bin , wait for people to throw their old electronics in it , see if there 's any useful data on them . 
  afterward , sell the components for money . 
  lots and lots of glitchcore ? 
  probably because the picture was staged , and it would 've looked bad . 
  yeah , though depending on what data you find and how you use it , could be illegal as well . 
  enough to bankrupt several countries . 
  i think it 's mentioned at some point , too . 
  that 's quite a track record she has ... a lot of my favorites involved her too . 
  yeah , seems like a design flaw to me . 
  you 're not going to do riot suppression very long while wearing a mask without any air holes in it ... add to that all the gear you 'd be carrying and you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  looks pretty cool , though the noise inside must be pretty bad when it rains . 
  i laughed so hard at this scene when i watched the series ... 
  brilliant , just brilliant . 
  what are those two holes ? 
  was he a disabled vampire who was trying to suck the sugar from your blood ? 
  heh , i do this too . 
  did n't even know it was an anime trope , actually . 
  all i can hear while watching is this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_icdwkcdguq, 
  i think that it 's possible for them to glitch ( good ol' nv , glitches out the wazoo ) and stop harrassing you . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've gotten this on my current playthrough , since i have n't had legion assassins come after me for a long while now . 
  there does n't seem to be anything between the mobo and the metal box ... would n't it fry as soon as you turned it on ( unless there are rubber pads underneath that are not visible in the pictures ) ? 
  at this point i 've had the chip for a long time , as well as the mark . 
  not that the mark would do me any good anymore anyway , since i killed vulpes inculta the first time i ran into him , and wiped both cottonwood cove and the fort off the map . 
  i 'm beyond vilified as far as the legion is concerned . 
  yet i have n't gotten any assassins in a looooong time . 
  i 'm throwing money at the wall but nothing 's happening !, 
  i like blood gulch quite a bit , the main downside is that it 's a bit too open for my taste ( though not as bad as friggin ' hemmorhage ) . 
  i know it 's intended to be a vehicle oriented map , but the small number of trees and rocks made it hard to sneak around on foot without active camo . 
  they fixed most of the problems with coagulation , fortunately . 
  looks like the qwop guy had a son . 
  man , that is probably the most uncomfortable and all around shittiest type of gas mask in existence . 
  source : i own one ( bought it for a stalker cosplay this summer ) , as well as the bag that goes with it . 
  every time i thought i 'd disarmed them all and i take a couple steps forward ... 
  * leg crippled *, 
  goddamn bear traps . 
  i had this problem happen so many times with dog . 
  he sees a bunch of ghost people , rushes off to kill them , and while at it triggers a grenade bouquet that either kills or cripples me . 
  nice and simple , just how i like it . 
  all i really care about is link ( or any of the other usual suspects ) not winning again . 
  still throwing my vote to good old shep though , even though he wo n't stand a chance for sure . 
  at least it 's one vote link wo n't get . 
  i think you 're going to need a lot more than just first aid when these guys are done with you ... 
  i do n't think i 've ever had any use for the notes section in game manuals ... now i do though . 
  the main character is definitely cringing a lot ... 
  this helicopter is also among the few to feature an ejection seat . 
  just looking at the thumbnail , for a few seconds i thought that this was an mp5 , so the box mag and belt felt a bit excessive . 
  `` i have failed the motherland , comrade . 
  time to commit suicide by rotorblade . '', 
  bethesda should 've added a funny note on his corpse for players to find . 
  something like `` you were hoping for loot were n't you ? 
  sorry , but all we 've got for you here is a shit loads of rads . '', 
  has a bit of a dystopian feel , but also looks like a cool place to live in . 
  his superior ordered him to stand at attention no matter what happened . 
  he 's just a very dedicated super mutant . 
  i 'd imagine that you need an impact on the tip far greater than just leaning on the rocket to set it off , plus you need to remove the safety pin from there as well ... 
  * hunting rifle or scoped laser rifle early on , depending on whether i 'm doing a mainly energy weapon or guns run . 
  * marksman carbine later on when i can afford it , brush gun once .45 -70 govt starts showing up more often . 
  * gatling laser for those occasions when shit just has to die and fast . 
  * anti-mat . 
  rifle for taking care of armor , with some explosive .50 mg specifically for deathclaws because fuck deathclaws . 
  * chance 's knife for melee back up , later on replaced by either blood-nap or fist of rawr . 
  edit : fixed formatting fail, 
  from the tumbnail i thought they were high fiving or something ... 
  actually , contrary to popular belief , being a pacifist is n't mutually exclusive with fighting for self-defense or fighting to defend others . 
  that 's pretty clever , though if someone tried that where i lived , they might get a ticket anyway ... 
  since it 's technically illegal to have your bike face in that direction in a parking space , even though it 's probably the best way to do it since it saves so much space . 
  he also leaves his blades in the female titan 's eyes after the double stab ... 
  the population of ouchtown , fu goes up by one again . 
  well , there is a katana in nv if you have gra installed ... 
  his torso looks too long compared to his legs , but other than that , i like it . 
  this petition is going to have no effect on anything if you ask me , so i would n't worry about it myself . 
  also , do n't forget that pretty much all major gta games have had a pc version released ( 3 , vc , sa and iv ) ... 
  i would be very surprised if rockstar broke that trend and v was n't ported . 
  the only way that sharing a blanket with anyone can end is war , without fail . 
  nobody wants that ... 
  so many islands ... 
  this would make for a cool world involving pirates or just ships in general . 
  you 're not alone , i 'm getting this as well . 
  i looked at the noscript console feed but none of the stuff it shows really makes sense to me . 
  yeah , in nv the collar thingy on the remnant power armors is pretty ridiculous . 
  way too big . 
  i do n't like using it for that reason ... 
  it should 've been made more like the ones in the image op posted . 
  this loops pretty nicely . 
  the grave contains chance 's knife , which is a unique combat knife that has a ridiculously good damage and dps ... plus it weights like one pound , like all combat knives . 
  and you can get it less than half an hour into the game , since the grave is a short distance from goodsprings . 
  of course , there 's a bit of a catch , since you have to avoid and/or run like hell from cazadores in order to get it early on ... 
  nothing . 
  the pants i 'm wearing right now do n't have pockets . 
  if you can cripple their wings , it makes fighting cazadores a helluva lot easier for a low level character ... 
  unless there 's more than two coming after you , of course . 
  in that case pray for a miracle . 
  `` hey guys , let 's block off the entrance to jim 's bunker with a huge concrete wall and write ` fuck you ' on it !, 
  that way , when the bombs start falling he ca n't get in !, 
  what is this , kill bi -- er , i mean , kill yukari ? 
  because that 's the vibe i 'm getting from the image .
