  now bears , tigers and panthers on the other hand ... 
  they can just burn in hell . 
  these parts of the story i did enjoy , not so much for the rest , like didact and the prometheans , topped off by the [ ] ( #s `` genetic memory space magic shenanigans '' ) , which i felt really cheapened the experience and made 4 seem less like the halo i used to love so much . 
  edit : broken tags, 
  well , i suppose that in the ends it really boils down to personal preference . 
  what i personally liked about halo was the concept of humanity being driven into a corner by a superior foe , followed by the reveal that there was actually something much worse out there that even the superior foe dreaded . 
  there was also humanity 's internal schism with the insurgents , which was interesting but never really got touched upon in the games because of the covenant . 
  in my view , the forerunners never really needed an in-depth explanation . 
  that they fought the flood and lost , then built the arrays in a last effort to kill their enemies seemed good enough to me . 
  keeping them mysterious would 've suited them quite well . 
  so i guess that in the end i 'm just disagreeing big time with the direction 343 is taking with the halo plot . 
  i understand that there were n't that many options after 3 , i guess they could 've brought the flood back in some form ( and i 'd imagine that they will at some point in the new trilogy ) , but we just fought them for three games straight so that would 've been a bit unimaginative . 
  i suppose they could 've put mc on hold for a while and focused more on humanity itself , odsts for example ( halo 3 : odst was a fine piece of work ) , though that would 've been difficult without becoming too much like cod . 
  so yeah , to me it 's a bit of a shame 343 is going in this direction with things , because i 've been a fan of the series ever halo : ce . 
  i 'll be following things for sure , but i probably wo n't buy any new halo games unless things drastically change . 
  also , i stopped reading the halo books after ghosts of onyx and contact harvest , so i ca n't say with certainty whether the stuff that has come out after them would help remedy my view of the story , though i 've heard some good things about them . 
  the first thing i noticed was the lack of trigger discipline , unfortunately . 
  other than that it 's really nice though . 
  also wondering if that 's just a really sleek helmet the commander is wearing , or if it 's her actual head . 
  same for me , though when i got my original xbox , they only came with the s-controller , unfortunately . 
  tried out the big one at my aunt 's place though , and i never had problems playing with it . 
  the black and white buttons were placed more logically on this one as well , if you ask me . 
  this kinda makes me wish i lived in the us instead of europe . 
  we never get cool stuff like this . 
  i was expecting maiko . 
  reverse traps !, 
  the scissor sword 's fate seems pretty ambigious right now . 
  we saw it get knocked out of her hand , but nobody was shown picking it up ... 
  it just sorta ... 
  disappeared . 
  my guess would be that nui took it since she already has one half of the scissor , though i dunno why they would n't just show that . 
   anyway , that was a little nice touch ( perhaps unintentionally ) of making the guys in suits look all the same . 
  sort of a shot at the corporate world and how everyone is a drone and is all the same . 
  it 's intentional . 
  all the one star students look the same as well , like when they were marching and loading stuff into the trucks this episode . 
  at that point the xp reward for it hardly matters either though . 
  i thought it was catgirls , not otakus . 
  unless they 're extinct now ? 
  spoiler tags , use them . 
  basically , an evil paladin . 
  [ the mako definitely had its moments ... ] ( http://asset-f.soup.io/asset/3241/8129_f633.gif ) it was more the fault of the lazy map designs that 90 % of exploring was frustrating and felt like a waste of time . 
  plus the copy pasted underground bases with generic enemies . 
  related to this , why did n't nice just teleport-punch his sorry ass right off the bat ? 
  the cafeteria scene from earlier in the episode showed he could cover long distances no problem . 
  instead he goes for the bomb for some reason ... 
  [ not super solid proof i guess , but it does suggest that boren 's syndrome could be a hoax ] ( http://halo.wikia.com/wiki/halo_graphic_novel,_page_122#boren.27s_syndrome_hoax ), 
  well , it really depends on if he can actually teleport , or just move really , really fast . 
  in the first ep , it seems that it 's the latter , since the view zooms in on the guy he 's punching , suggesting movement . 
  but in this ep he just basically blinks into existence in front of the counter . 
  so for now it could go either way , i suppose . 
  the evas ' actual heights are not very consistent in the series though . 
  here i am , sitting in my room in the evening , listening to the police scanner of a city on the other side of the world . 
  kinda weird when you think about it . 
  yeah , this episode was like a kid on a massive sugar high in terms of pacing ... not that it was bad , i guess . 
  i like the idea of hanging your rifle above the fireplace , but this ... 
  this is just overkill and then some . 
  [ pretty ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bz6wtepcfgc ) [ much ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfhmp-oznm4 ) [ all ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myuk-isutci ) the english covers she 's done are solid gold . 
  somebody needs to hire her and the people she makes this stuff with already if you ask me ... 
  the mecha looked kinda like canti , so it was more flcl than ttgl for me . 
  the girl we saw at the end wears the triangular head thingy generally used by ghosts in japanese folklore , so my guess is that she 's got something to do with hiyori , what with her kinda straddling the line between alive and dead by having both a physical body and a spirit form . 
  i 'd imagine that since it 's an anime about baseball , a lot of people are skipping it based on that . 
  or at least i am , since i 'm not super interested in sports in general . 
   so contrary to what many people may think , the u.s. uses the metric system now to define all basic units used in commerce and trade . 
  at the same time , if the metric system and u.s. customary system are languages of measurement , then the united states is truly a bilingual nation . 
   we measure distance in miles , but fiber optic cable diameter in millimeters . 
  we weigh deli products in pounds , but medicine in milligrams . 
  we buy gasoline by the gallon , but soda comes in liter-size bottles . 
  we parcel property in acres , but remote sensing satellites map the earth in square meters . 
  you 'd think he would have stopped here and realized just how bad an argument he 's making . 
  having different units of measurement used like this is a huge mess . 
  not only is it pointlessly redundant , but people also waste a lot of time converting from one unit to another . 
  all the confusion then leads to a lot of problems , like that one failed space probe launch caused by someone using imperial units instead of metric ... 
  millions of dollars down the drain . 
  yeah , it looks very similar to the open-air market in the [ first gits movie , ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2mxrndt1zi ) just without all the people . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qc3owj6.gif ) one is really nicely done , reminds me of the city on top of a city concept dx : hr had going on with hengsha . 
  also , have fun trying to control a mob that 's not only angry , but also on fire , quite literally . 
  chitoge , please give [ haruna ] ( http://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/characters/16/118440.jpg ) back her hair ribbon ... she misses it . 
  well , it is a show about time travel and stuff ... alternatively , randomize the episodes and watch it haruhi-style . 
  evangelion 2.0 had an especially horrible instance of this in the beginning ... you have a bunch of people actually speaking pretty good english for once in an anime and then ... 
  enter kaji . 
  even after all this time , i am not sure how they managed to both succeed and fail so hard at the same time . 
  makes sense i guess , but you 'd think they would have shown something important like that on screen . 
  instead it seems that the mini-tv just ... is inside the sealed bag somehow , logic be damned , and we 're left with nothing but fanwanking . 
  here 's hoping they learned from the first movie and there will be fewer glaring plotholes in the sequel ... 
  looking at the pictures , i have to say i ca n't wait for summer to come around again . 
  winter sure is nice to look at , but goddamn is it cold here or what . 
  oh boy am i glad that the cat 's coming out the bag with raku and onodera , those scenes were regular cringefests for me ... 
  i just hate it when characters do n't get the hint even though it should be fairly obvious . 
  just get some powertools , record their sound and do some remixing . 
  a new noisecore song is born !, 
  or turn your synth on and sit on the keys , i dunno . 
  probably because most people stream their porn these days . 
  takes significantly less effort than torrenting . 
  you may live longer than me girl , but you 'll never have beard made of goddamn bees . 
  even if they do n't , it 's still going to be problematic . 
  although the idea behind vigilantism is that anyone can do it , when you 're fighting against a drug cartel , it 's pretty certain that the mexican vigilantes are ex-military and ex-police who 've had enough of the corruption , and not your everyday citizens . 
  so i do n't think that it 's going to be impossible for the cartels to figure out whose family to go after , even if no names were given out . 
  also they have all the corrupt government people to help out with that . 
  so that 's where the image came from originally ... 
  personally , i found it more hilarious than startling for some reason .
