  a shame that the game skips directly to new alexandria after this cutscene ... 
  i was hoping for a mountain level where you fight through the crashed remains of the supercarrier on the way to the city . 
  well , we already had clothes being associated with the original sin in the show , so it does make sense in that context . 
  rule 34 delivers as usual . 
  now excuse me while i go bleach my brain so i can forget about this . 
  edit : i also just realized that the number two at the end of the doujin name implies that there 's ... more where this came from . 
  well , we did get psycho-pass not too long ago , and a second season is in the works ( but i have no idea when it might air ) ... 
  but i still agree , we could use some more . 
  living four floors up also helps . 
  goddammit rudy , you 're a sorcerer , not a monk !, 
   fortunately for yuki , hiyori is a bro and comes to the rescue, 
  it was a bit too convenient rescue though , if you ask me . 
  she just shows up out of the blue . 
  yuki may be a regalia , but he 's still a kid , so being completely mature and responsible would n't really feel that in character for him . 
  [ never !, 
  well , fortunately he is most likely going to get called out on that soon . 
  it almost happened when he ran into yato , but then hiyori conveniently showed up ... 
  though i suppose that digging the hole a bit deeper is going to make things more interesting . 
  could make it more interesting if t-800 gets the minigun from the second movie , but whether it 's going to be of much use in close quarters is another matter . 
  yeah , there 's no point in paying anything for an iphone that has flappy bird installed because of this . 
  though even if they trick just one person into buying i suppose it 's going to be worth it to the seller . 
  is this gif really legit ? 
  because i ca n't believe i 've managed to miss something like that if it is . 
   mystery box, 
  the cumbox strikes again !, 
  a character speaking good english in an anime ? 
  what is this i do n't even ... 
  at the very beginning of the art exhibition scene . 
  granted , it 's just one line , but i was still surprised that they bothered to do it properly instead of engrishing it . 
  it 's always too soon for that one ... 
  use a dead enemy as a scabbard between fights . 
  every time a new battle starts you throw the corpse at the enemy to intimidate them , and get a new one after they 've all been killed . 
  the titans are not humans so it 's not exactly cannibalism . 
  this was only because the cop was armed with a gun while the robbers were n't , so it 's not a very good example if you ask me . 
  not necessarily . 
  the only reason it all worked out as well as it did in the gif was because the robbers did n't have any weapons out yet when entering ( which in a way makes sense since armed robbery nets you a heavier sentence than just robbery ) . 
  if the first guy had had a gun it could have escalated into a firefight with more casualties . 
  the way they do the voices for the phantoms gets me every time . 
  that 's some really creepy shit ... 
  i would n't be surprised if she 's just putting on a cutesy front , it was sort of hinted at in this episode when she semi-subtly threatened bishamon . 
  well , they did leave her body lying around ... again . 
  i 'm gon na be disappointed if nothing bad ever comes out of that . 
  well , i meant it more in the sense that she did n't directly tell bishamon to fuck off . 
  anyway , if what kofuku said about yato being a god of calamity in the past is true , then it 's no wonder that they 're pretty close . 
  calamities and poverty pretty much feed off each other . 
  moonstone was n't tossed ? 
  he screwed up and let the magic smoke out . 
  well , the bible and koran , both pretty thick books , would be quite good at stopping bullets . 
  hugs !, 
  hugs for everyone !, 
  look mom !, 
  i 'm a submarine !, 
  yeah , i think it 's the suit . 
  they 're pretty rigid . 
  and this is the reason why you should attach any useful tools to your spacesuit ... 
  now to wait for them to build a club on the moon or in orbit so you can actually use it without hurting yourself . 
  well , when designing something that 's supposed to keep a man alive in space , the ability to easily pick up stuff from the ground is probably not going to be the highest priority . 
  probably not . 
  i think what you experienced was more likely [ this . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exploding_head_syndrome ), 
  i own a 300r and yes , it has holes for watercooling at the back . 
  only one fan up front so the critique on cooling is probably appropriate , my own build is pretty lightweight though so i have n't noticed any significant problems . 
  the case has dust filters out the wazoo , ( front and bottom psu intake ) which is a big plus . 
  my main complaint is that the sidepanel can be a bit tricky to slide into place properly . 
  still , for $ 40 it 's a really nice case , would recommend . 
  no dedicated trays for ssds , but there 's a set of smaller screw holes on the hdd trays , so you can still attach them pefectly well , like [ this . 
  ] ( http://images.anandtech.com/galleries/2130/large%20%282%20of%208%29_575px.jpg ), 
  not that i know of , but it 's possible i guess , gon na have a look at some point to see if warping is the culprit . 
  anyway , it 's mainly an issue with lining up all the small hooks on the panel with the holes on the case , since there are quite a few of them . 
  it can be a bit problematic when the case is standing up , since you ca n't easily apply even pressure to the whole side panel at once in order to put it back . 
  if you 're looking for actual plot , not really . 
  but if over the top comedy and weird hijinks are your thing , then definitely . 
  i was watching the episode with a friend , and as soon as the fridge showed up i shouted `` friiidge episode ! '', 
  and we both laughed our asses off . 
  and to be honest it 's not that trivial an event when it 's one of the most memorable and hilarious bebop episodes . 
  well , there is a catch . 
  since it 's not free if you have to pay $ 15 for shipping and such . 
  i do n't think that i have the time to jump through a trillion hoops of legal stuff just for science . 
  i 've seen these for sale at my local flower shop as well . 
  not expensive either . 
  stealing road cones ? 
  that 's crossing the line . 
  it means that authorities ca n't force to incriminate yourself ( it 's a part of the [ fifth amendment ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pleading_the_fifth#self-incrimination ) in the us ) , so it sort of makes sense in this context . 
  urobutcher wrote stuff for black lagoon ? 
  please do n't tell me there 's no translated version yet . 
  i reject your reality , and substitute my own !, 
  we 're here for one thing and one thing only : killing death eaters . 
  tin tower is going to be loads of fun for sure . 
  it 's like the ledge all over again . 
  i 'm not sure if my nutbladder can take this . 
  they do n't make these new anymore ? 
  or at least that 's what it seemed like when i looked around just now . 
  i could see them going with some weird combination of all three , like what happened with dx : invisible war . 
  pretty much , and because of this i doubt that we 'll ever get to that point . 
  nukes are primarily a psychological deterrent . 
  you ca n't win in a nuclear war . 
  well to be honest , it made sense for the reapers to have a bit of a weaker presence in me2 . 
  shepard pretty much ruined their plan to suddenly appear through the citadel relay and take the galaxy by surprise , and as a result they 're stuck in dark space . 
  collectors harvesting humans is a sort of plan b for them until they can figure out another way to haul ass to the galaxy . 
  and even then shepard massively inconvinienced them again by blowing up the mass relay in batarian space , which was another reaper backup plan .
