  a scar on my left toe , around the joint . 
  it 's not a particularly nasty one ( pretty faint nowadays , actually ) , but the story related it tends to get a `` what '' reaction from people when i tell it . 
  i used to do martial arts about seven years ago , and once during practice i came down pretty sloppily from a jump or something . 
  landed on that aforementioned left big toe more or less , and * crunch * , the next thing i know my toe is dangling at a 90 degree angle , skin ripped and all . 
  pretty sure i could see bone as well . 
  the funny thing was that when the paramedics arrived , they just twisted the toe back into place , wrapped it up and took me to the hospital where they put in some stitches for a torn tendon and the skin . 
  i can use that toe perfectly well these days , so i guess it was n't as bad as it seemed . 
  makes for a pretty cool story though . 
  i have the whole series as well , but it 's the finnish translation instead of english , managed to snag them at a flea market a couple months back . 
  not as nice as yours for sure , but oh well . 
  someone actually posted a [ master order ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/animesuggest/comments/1kuqwe/suggestion_a_scififantasy_series_with_an_amazing/ ) for the whole series on / r/animesuggest about a year back . 
  also , has some other info about toaru in general . 
  oh yeah , and if you have the time , read the railgun manga ( not the index manga though , that one 's worse than the ln/anime i 've heard ) as well , since it does some characters ** a lot ** more justice , for example kuroko . 
  or become the boss yourself . 
  everybody wins . 
  well , except the old boss . 
  but fuck that guy . 
  there were no mountains in point lookout though . 
  ah , so that 's why it sounded so familiar ... 
  `` do you think this is a game ? 
  that we 'd spend as little as 40 billion on a war ? 
  you 're fired . '', 
  i 'm still trying to figure out what 's going on in the fourth one ... 
  i definitely got a chuckle out of inaho 's [ deadpan reaction ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wkootk3.png ) to the missile attack . 
  he ai n't impressed by your silly terrorist shenanigans . 
  being hime is suffering ... 
  i used to label everything in my wallpaper folder , but gave up because it was so much work , so now it 's a bit of a mess ... 
  my favorite is probably either [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qvxykkx.png ) or [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/inz2xht.jpg ) , kinda hard to decide since they 're both excellent . 
  a shame that the second one is the biggest resolution i 've been able to find . 
  also , [ here 's ] ( http://imgur.com/a/wvtul ) a couple more of my favorites , because sharing is caring . 
  not to mention all that broken pavement from having a couple hundred ton mecha walking around . 
  that 's gon na be deducted from his next paycheck for sure ... 
  there 's a tiny train otaku living inside every single one of us . 
  i 'm starting to get this feeling that there 's going to be a reveal later on that he 's a sociopath or something . 
  which would actually be kind of cool since it 's generally a trait reserved for the antagonists , not the protagonist . 
  swords and bombs . 
  a claymore strapped to your chest with a red button on it that has to be poked with the sword to make it go off . 
   i do not know why there is a button at the 2 o'clock though , there is no purpose to it . 
  looks like a [ helium release valve ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helium_release_valve ) to me , diver 's watches have those sometimes . 
  as to why nine would have something like that on his watch , i do n't know . 
  unless there 's going to be some deep water action in a later episode and this is indirectly hinting at that . 
  or maybe i 'm reading too much into it . 
  the nuclear waste facility heist at the beginning was really well done , though i do n't really understand why the security staff felt threatened by nine pointing his pistol at the container , or why one of the guards was told not to shoot . 
  assuming what they stole was nuclear material , the containment ball would be made of thick steel and bullets would do absolutely nothing to it . 
  that 's the only major gripe i have after watching the first episode though . 
  i like the idea , but that bed looks really small . 
  even if that 's the case , would n't local contamination be the preferrable option ? 
  allowing the material to be stolen could result in either a dirty bomb or an actual nuke going off in a heavily populated area , like tokyo . 
  on the other hand , letting them get away means that there 's going to be a dirty bomb or an actual nuke floating around , which is significantly worse . 
  should 've just gone with full lockdown immediately , no one in or out of the facility . 
  it would have wrecked the plot though . 
  i suffers from a rather severe case of anime original ending , but other than that , it 's a good watch . 
  rabou is a bit of a problem when it comes to a new noragami season , since he was created for the anime and was n't in the manga at all ... well , other than [ this one ] ( http://myanimelist.net/manga/69747/noragami:_awase_kagami ) , but it 's only a stand alone thing that 's two chapters long and involves no other major characters . 
  so if there was a new season , they 'd either have to find some weird way to fit rabou into a continuity he was never part of in the first place , or just say `` fuck it , '' ignore the rabou stuff and push on , leaving everything that happened during the last couple episodes more or less meaningless . 
  because of this i fear there 's no plans to make a new season , which is a damn shame since i would love to see one . 
  it 's an original story not based on a manga or light novel , so it 's likely the execution was planned with the medium in mind . 
  she 's a nuclear powered robot maid . 
  and that 's cute . 
  i kind of miss the free roam aspects too , but the thing is , the idea was pretty good , while the execution was lackluster . 
  the mako sections got old pretty fast on the planets outside the main story . 
  first , ten minutes of driving through a barren landscape with nothing interesting to look at , then you enter a copy and paste underground bunker , kill some enemies , get out and do it all over again a couple more times . 
  it 's hard to say anything yet considering that the game is years away , but if bioware intends to bring back free roaming in the mako , for the love of the gods of gaming , please let them learn from their mistakes . 
  put more interesting stuff on explorable planets , so it 's not just driving from point a to point b with miles of nothing in between . 
  this is great news , though i have n't been able to actually get the granting tool to work on my copy of bl yet ... 
  one thing you 'll probably notice in bl1 is that weapons age much slower that they did in bl2 , because the health/shield/damage scaling is n't as off the charts . 
  for example , sledge 's shotgun is a pretty viable weapon almost until the very end in bl1 . 
  a funny coincidence , i finally started watching this show last night , and my thoughts were more or less the same when i saw this scene . 
  not sure why they went with the word miina in the article , that 's clearly a caltrop . 
  not completely sure if it 's directly related to op 's picture , but looking at the publish date and the similarity of the caltrops , i 'd say they could very well be . 
  edit : words, 
  gamefaqs ' content is almost exclusively user generated ( the game guides , reviews , cheats and pictures ) , so they do n't have people writing articles for money . 
  the admins and mods have sometimes written game guides , but i do n't think they get paid for that unless it 's a game on the site 's bounty list , just like with everyone else . 
   the me dlc which is never discounted, 
  it does go on sale once in a blue moon , though it 's definitely a lot rarer than with other titles . 
  i had to wait a long time to get a decent deal on the omega and citadel dlcs for me3 ... 
  that 's what happens when you 're the only man in all of gensokyo . 
  well , administering alcohol rectally is a fast way to get drunk , on the other hand you 're probably going to die since you were a drunk idiot , used too much and got alcohol poisoning . 
  not sure if a vodka tampon in your vagina would do the same thing , i suppose it might as long as it can be absorbed into the bloodstream ... and if it does n't you just disinfected your privates , so yay , i guess ? 
  no yeast infection for you . 
  looks like your dad has a digger to sell now . 
  well , yeah , probably not , but it 'd be funny if the guy came back to his digger having been sold because it was left in the driveway . 
  related to this , i did n't quite understand why there was an actual bomb on the train to begin with . 
  why build a bomb that is n't even supposed to go off ? 
  they could 've just used a fake one or a bunch of firecrackers . 
  the way it played out just seemed idiotic , especially since it led to nine and twelve walking right into a pretty obvious trap to lure them out into the open . 
  well , to be honest , just placing a rectangular piece of plywood on the bench would to render the spikes useless . 
  or maybe [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihnugaaea4m ), 
  the police always take bomb threats seriously , though . 
  they do n't really have a choice when it comes to that . 
  well , there was a bomb big enough to kill everyone on that train . 
  it just seemed excessive to me , since if killing all those people was n't nine and twelve 's goal , why 'd they bother ? 
  they already bombed a skyscraper and police station , so they 've already established themselves as a threat . 
  and the police have to take bomb threats seriously , they do n't really have a choice in that matter . 
  found a lot of things tucked in between books while working at the university library , but probably the most interesting one was some guy 's passport , since how the hell does anyone forget something like that in between the pages of a book ? 
  well , i 'd imagine he was more careful with his stuff from that point onward . 
  other finds include magic the gathering and pokemon cards ( we joked about building a deck out of those but never found enough unfortunately ) , money ( a classic ) , bus passes and social security cards . 
  [ the things ] ( http://clarkesworldmagazine.com/watts_01_10/ ) by peter watts . 
  it 's written from the perspective of the alien in the movie the thing , and gives a pretty interesting view on why it did what it did , and how it views humans . 
  the guy on the left looks pretty derpy .
