  stay strong comrades . 
  investing in research of subcritical nuclear reactors should be a priority parallel to solar . 
  subcritical reactors require energy input to function , the opposite of critical nuclear reactors which need a continuus imput of energy to be kept stable . 
  sadly nuclear fission gets bad rep regardless of the kind . 
  nuance is important . 
  i am absolutely furious with the left in my country ( and to be clear i 'm as left as it gets ) to be as much as unscientific as climate deniers are in the matter . 
  nuclear is scary because it 's flashy . 
  educate people , do n't fuel their fear , that 's what the right wing is supposed to do . 
  sorry for politicizing the thing , it 's not my intention . 
  clean nuclear is a big sore spot of mine . 
  in the past yes , lega nord was for separation , now they are anti-europe ( think le pen ) and pro-italian federalism but not outright division of the country . 
  they changed focus from anti-south to anti-eu i think to ride the populist tide , which now after brexit seems to be down thankfully . 
  the problem of this issue is that it goes full circle : no investment in the south leads to low economic output from the south with fuels the aforementioned knee jerk reaction . 
  the ammount of infrastructural investment in the south compared to the north is pityful . 
  [ investment in millions of euros ] ( http://www.lavoce.info/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/martucci1-660x353.png ) , the dashed line is the center-noth . 
  furthermore the organized crime basically is a shadow state which asks for money and gives back no value to the economy , or even gives negative value to it . 
  solving the problem without massive investment in all levels of society , from revitalizing infrastructure to strengthening the rule of law . 
  furthermore it 's a politically divisive problem , nowdays less than years ago , people here from the north have the knee-jerk reaction of not wanting their taxpayer euros going into investment in somewhere they will not see the result . 
  this also causes capable people to seek employment in the north of italy or in the rest of europe , removing intellectual capital from the area/community . 
  without a massive program , which would risk to be unpopular , the change will be extremely slow and the gap will always be present . 
  the mistake was to not fix it early on . 
  oh we are fine , luckly we actually own where we live / where my parents work . 
  venice is fading , as a city with actual people i mean . 
  it 's unpractical at all levels and there is an enourmous economic incentive to rent everything you have in here . 
  it 's unfortunate but the demand , expecially from china / asia ( chinese middle class getting rich enought to be able to travel ) is skyrocketing at an unprecedented pace . 
  it is somewhat sad , but i do n't see the trend stopping anytime soon , there are talks about planning the ammount of people who can come at every given time , and it may stem the tide , however there are no permanent solutions . 
  it 's not like that we can build more infrastructure . 
  if you want to know anything specific , or have any question shoot me a pm , i 'll be glad to answer to the best of my knowledge ( and my mom 's which is far more versed in the republic 's history but far less in english :d ) . 
  i may answer in ~ since i 'm in uni exam `` season '' , 
  uh , i live in actual venice and it 's the first time i see the colors of burano , it 's the only public `` island '' here i never went to . 
  i live in actual venice , 0 % cars detected :d 53 ' 000 residents in the main city ( in the six `` sestieri '' ) last time i checked . 
  about people living here in less permanent basis i can not be sure but as a guess i would n't say more than 100 ' 000 . 
  that figure does n't count the inhabitants of the lido ( the strip that divides the lagoon from the sea ) which is an extra ~ 20 ' 000 people . 
  there are on avrage about 3.5 million tourists in each year , most of them are here for about 3 days or less but it averages out to about that which means that there are ~ 100 ' 000 tourists each given day , 66 % of the people in the city at any given time are tourists . 
  now , obviously it 's not evenly spread so in the high season you will find even more people and in the low season almost nobody . 
  so these are the figures at the best of my knowledge . 
  we also have highly trained gigant rats that bring all the goods where they need to be . 
   the police of meddling in organised crime activities it 's not just us !, 
  felicitations !, 
   property bought as an investment with no other intent than selling it later at a higher price ( as it happens quite often here in and around riga old town ) , long time owners not being able to afford them i think so , i have no qualification that let me claim with certanty or autorithy that that is the case but the fact that are a lot of new hotels and b&b continuously popping up is the cause imho . 
  every landlord wants to hit `` big '' and either sell , lease to an hotel company or become a b&b . 
  the purposeful slowness of getting a permit slows it down a bit but proprety owned by the city is getting converted ( there 's a legal term which means `` conversion of use '' , litteraly is `` change of use '' which needs approval ) fairly quickly and there 's no sign of it stopping . 
  my granparents lived in a palace which had a fairly small but nice little garden , they were evicted and every time i pass in front of it i see the plants being totally out of control . 
  it has been empty and not cared for for over a decade . 
  now , thinking deeper about this , most people who actually live in venice are old people , all young ones leave because this is a super impractical city for all intenses and purposes . 
  so everyone whom inherits proprety they will try to capitalize on it leading to a futher commercialization and incouraging the tourism shallowness there is . 
  the incentive is absurd , just giving you rough digits , my own house , which is n't in a super-good shape ( average smallish family house ) but it 's in a fairly nice place would go from 3000 to 6000 $ per month on airbnb super easily . 
  in less than one generation nobody will be living here , the whole city will risk becoming an amusement park . 
  more like screaming against council members he disagrees with calling them bad names doing the same for the `` media '' , and `` illegals '' . 
   worst food in italy tho . 
  sadly true . 
  lucky recently rossopomodoro opened , and they make honest to god godly pizza . 
  they are 20 meters from st. mark square and they have super honest prices , never went to any other pizza place since . 
  there are more really good restaurants , but you need to know them and you can count them on the fingers of one hand . 
  ( i live and always lived in venice )  one more thing . 
  the tourists never see the best and the most impressive part of the city : the hundreds of private palaces that are everywhere around the city . 
  huge luxurious houses with gardens insides , most in terrible condition now tho . 
  so and so , there are some palaces which have modest gardens , yes , and most of them are in disuse/unhabited . 
  but they are not as fancy , nor they would be if properly cared for , as one might think . 
  they are extemely modest for any possible standard except the exceptional exceptions . 
   i also think the city might be flooded pretty soon too , any italian to confirm ? 
  there has been talk , and it seems that it will be done , that they will start restricting the ammount of people the city will allow to come per given day . 
  i am not clear on the details because local politics is messy expecially since our last major got elected ( which has the same behaviour of a poorer more venetian trump ) so i do n't follow it as much . 
  honestly the main problem from my and my family 's pov is that the quality ( economically ) of the tourism went far far downwards so who has small a small business with cared-for high-quality goods has seen their profits dry up , my parents main source of income is their costume jewelry store ( venetian glass jewelry ) and from 2008 onwards the ammount of costumers shrunk and shrunk , before then the ammount of tourists who could afford and would buy a 60 $ necklace and/or a 70 $ fine glass bead rose dried up . 
  what 's thriving right now are hotels , pubs , bars and cheap restaurants which are popping all over the place , i 'm of the belief which it 's a bubble that 's about to burst . 
  there has been an huge race to the bottom which encourages mass-short term tourism which does n't put money in the pockets of small businesses except for bars . 
  to be super clear , i do n't blame the people who want to come to see the city , i blame the lack of information and the encouragement of shallow tourism . 
  nobody cares about actually learning or understanding some of the history before coming , everybody is focused on going in the 3 most famous places , taking a couple of photos and then moving to another place . 
   whether they 're doing it for the money , or out of a anti-european ideology , fact is that they should be stopped . 
  cheap , easily exploitable desperate people . 
  really cheap labour and it helps furthering their divisive propaganda . 
  they are n't anti-european , they are pro-moreprofits , there is no ideology just more money in their pockets . 
  too true , i live in venice and i once went to ortisei as a winter vacation . 
  -9 \u00b0 c in ortisei felt hotter than 10 \u00b0 c here in venice . 
  she 's over 90 ~ ~ 00 ~ ~ apparently, 
  the main fear was that any position would become too powerful , that 's why we have * perfect * bicameralism , it slows the political process enough that `` flash-golpes '' are way harder than they were before fascism happened . 
  `` damn this is a nice fat stack of money for us '', 
  as someone who lives in venice , you really really do n't want to live here . 
  spending 1 month here in down-season ? 
  sure , that 's fin , it would be a worthwhile experience . 
  living here ? 
  it requires a lot of sacrifices . 
   or are you planning to reach communism in the entire world at the same time ? 
  i am not well versed in the `` final stages '' , but basically yes . 
  you can not have communism competing with any competitive system because it 's not a system that supports competition , it 's all about cooperation . 
  you can have socialism structured to compete , not communism . 
  one part of the definition of communism is '' a stateless '' society , but i agree with your assessment that to be stateless , it needs to be globally so . 
   it 's an issue not of a system but of human nature . 
  i highly disagree with it , i understand why people may have this conception , but i see strong arguments against . 
  `` human nature '' , is n't a fixed quantity , it 's influenced by what we experienced by external societal pressures , the `` wanting '' mainly comes from a desire for imitation , all non-biological desires are constructs . 
  the best evidence for this is how companies study human behaviour to have the best ads , i would suggest you researching a bit on the topic and the details in how demand and desires are manufactured ; it 's fascinating regardless if you agree with socialist thought or not . 
   people tend to want to have better things than the ones around them and everyone owning everything will come down to somebody claiming the best things . 
  people tend to want their base desires satisfied , most violent behaviour stems from a lack of something between food/shelter/base social interaction . 
  if you come with the argument `` humans are inherently greedy '' i 'll reply with `` humans are social creatures '' . 
  what you mistake for human nature is called `` out-group bias '' , basically if you see someone as a threat to your resources you instinctually fear/hate it , lucky for us we live in a world where the scaricity of basic necessities ( food/shelter ) is artificial , we have enough food , or the ability to produce enough food to feed everybody . 
  it simply is not given to who needs it because it would n't be profitable to do so , capitalism cares about profit only . 
   do you think that people will actually agree on making everyone get the same amount of wealth , not considering the amount of effort they put into work ? 
  first of all we have to make a division between socialism and communism , in socialism workers would n't have the * same * wage , they would collectivelly own the enstablishment they work in and they would choose how to distribute the value they produced , such choice would be made democratically by the workers themselves . 
  in actual full communism the concept of wealth breaks down , you can not define `` wealth '' because nobody really owns anything and everything is everybody 's , there would still be personal proprety ( you have rigths over what you use ) . 
   what are you planning to do with people who do n't want to work and generally refuse to do it ?
