ignore pvv please , if any eu country should not leave , it 's us , we will lose a lot of money if we do edit : regarding the eu , right now it 's a survival period , if we survive for 10-15 years more , it will start to be clear what advantages it has brought us, 
  `` dutch '', 
  sweden is n't yet ? 
  i knew of finland but really sweden ? 
  so much dicks, 
  tiny kox disagrees, 
  have n't met a single person with de cock as last name yet, 
   were, 
  a little sidenote , these things are not by/for/with strangers, 
  i knew you guys were a fan of jan boskamp , but this is ridiculous, 
  we should make it a thing for every language, 
  well , dance/trance ofcourse, 
  this sounds big ? 
  living in the purplest of purple , and under the sea , ca n't be any better, 
  not russia, 
  dont forget the tulips, 
  can someone tell our people there that they most likely wo n't find the missile ? 
  ukraine, 
  but ... but ... mountain ? 
  ofcourse not , i mean , we got a fucking mountain ? 
  its [ between romania and ukraine ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/moldavi%c3%ab/@47.2721017,28.8755415,7z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x40c97c3628b769a1:0x258119acdf53accb ) , fairly close to crimea and the black sea, 
  honestly , if you gave me a map , i would ' t be able to find it ( fast ), 
  ca n't we just flood them all ? 
  so the wealth actually transfered from center countries to periferical countries , thus making europe stronger ? 
  at least we have decent enough weather to take a bike , you tea-snorting bagel-loving hooligans, 
  those arent real bikes and you know it, 
  eventually they will have to choose , and i think it 's more likely that they will follow india , which will go with eu and us . 
  i was trying to defend the theory of ww3 with an threatening china/india we are already starting to see little cracks in the relationship between russia and china , with the possible airban of commercial flights to and from europe/usa, 
  brandenburger tor not ? 
  ( just know it from civ do n't judge me ), 
  right now it 's eu + us vs russia , if you would have a china/india , they would probably side with russia , making it necessary for a good outcome to have a strong , united europe . 
  shitty study to glorify germany a bit , if they wouldve included all countries in eu you would have 4-6 countries above it, 
  not epke `` the flying dutchman '' zonderland ? 
  we have a parliamentary democracy , not a direct democracy . 
  referenda like these do not belong in a parliamentary democracy . 
  they are both just as democratic . 
  yes , loonies . 
  we 've been lied to, 
  it 's gon na get ignored or will crash and burn out , nothing to worry about . 
  still , it 's quite a difference . 
  how 's your flemish ? 
  building a brand takes time, 
   a bit, 
  we should rename it tokkiebelt, 
  zwarte piet started again, 
  woah that 's a bit too far, 
  i could see that happening again, 
  and now , for the points ,, 
  til , thank you !, 
  i honestly do , thank you !, 
  you did n't come of as aggresive at all !, 
  well then i 'm done , thanks !, 
  i completely agree with that , but does the church really have nothing to do with it ? 
  i think it 's completely normal for them to have the same rights as everyone else , but marriage has always been a church affair , so they can decide what they do with it . 
  tell me why i 'm a homophobic bigot, 
  i actually fully agree with angela , to be honest . 
  i 'll pay more ? 
  under 1 condition , no church on the moon . 
   swamp you got anything against us dutchies you say it right now, 
  woah , what happened to `` the spanish want a good title in the eu '' ? 
  i see 2 people discussing his cv , nothing about being capable . 
  how is dijsselbloem viewed outside of the netherlands ? 
  do n't forget crazy colorrun !, 
  could you explain why ? 
  i know they got a lot of different regeringen but i do n't know the details, 
  we already had a bid together for 2022 , so i think they may still get in, 
  2018 is too soon , 2022 is possible with our belgian brethren, 
  please wc football 2026 , would be awesome, 
  name a footballer called ` de vries ', 
  bayern without robben , ribery and alaba is quite a bit less ... 
  barcelona did not beat the teams that became champions of germany and italy , but significantly weaker ones due to injuries . 
  yeah , no, 
  in r/thenetherlands ? 
  it is a gift, 
  because it 's easier to make poland more profitable than the netherlands . 
  this is even bigger, 
  `` that patch of land you found below asia , it 's not completely useless , do n't just abandon it '', 
  lets go little train house in the east, 
  oh this is awfull , i love it . 
  ca n't wait for conchita to interview russia, 
  1602 , definitely, 
  how the fuck are we going to invade belgium now ? 
  with 0 risk ? 
  not a lot of greets or piets nowadays , might explain why i 've never heard of it before . 
  pieter is still common though , is that comparable to piet ? 
  the zwarte pieten debate is about to take a turn in an unexpected way , damn . 
  yeahhhh , i do n't really trust this map to be fully honest, 
  never heard that 's what they mean, 
  i 'd take 50.000 for my kidney any day, 
  although they will most likely had flied anyway, 
  not on our watch damnit, 
  join us and you 'll get robben, 
  it 's a mountain damnit, 
  couple of days after shell buys bg , jackpot ? 
  i would like to add we have some sacred words which mean a lot to us , such as gezellig en kut . 
  i study commercial economics ... 
  i 'm currently in my first year of a hbo study with no relevance whatsoever to physical activities or the military , how would it have been relevant for me ? 
  bullshit , if i had been in the military it would be a waste of time . 
  arjen robben , louietje , afrojack & carice probably, 
  suprise,
