  firstly , article 5 states that nato members will treat every attack on a member state as an attack on themselves -- that includes attacks * by * nato members . 
  there has n't been an attack by a nato member on a nato member , because it would be dealt with just like any other attack on nato . 
  scaremongering to give give up member states ' military power by the implication that the states are dumb or corrupt and ca n't be trusted not to invade each other ... and brussels supposedly is n't ? 
   we 're no longer in a militaristic one-party state governed centrally from moscow not yet militaristic , but we as members literally have the same , if not less amount of influence on the union policies as we did in the 70ies-80ies . 
  who cares if it 's not a one-party state across the union -- the local parties do n't matter one bit as far as brussels policies , anyway . 
  precisely because the us does n't pretend to be us , or pretend to represent our will . 
  the us recognizes where its borders start and end , and where its allies ' borders start and end . 
  i 'm all in favor of a pan-eu military alliance ( i.e. 
  nato ) , with joint command should a serious war situation arrise , but there can not be a military which answers only to eu , instead of a member state and their people . 
  no , not right now . 
  nato is still a thing , and the benefits would n't outweigh the costs . 
  however if something were to rock the boat as far as stability , say whatever trump might do if he came to power , and russia saw an opening , then yes , they would have no second thoughts about invading , just like in ukraine . 
  they 've been keeping up the information war groundwork about `` nazis '' and `` oppression of russian minorities '' the whole time . 
  had the baltic states not joined nato , then i 'm 80-90 % sure that russia would have already invaded them in the past decade . 
  it 's a really terrible idea . 
  i 'm categorically against giving brussels control of any military power . 
  the power monopoly is and has to remain with the member states , who may choose to cooperate in the framework of nato or some other european defense pact . 
  for what it 's worth , suppose there is an eu army , and the eu commission makes the decision to intervene somewhere . 
  who the hell would actually be prepared die for juncker ? 
  screw that . 
  so , what , are we supposed to hate her now ? 
  she 's not wrong per se . 
  had putin not invaded ukraine and georgia , he would have far more and mainstream admirers . 
  by the way , hitler 's performance in germany was also seen in a rather positive light by most of europe before all the war and holocaust stuff . 
  that 's great news . 
  eu army will finalize the end of independent states in europe . 
  who said anything about anglosphere ? 
  the official language would be e.g. 
  portuguese . 
  the president would n't necessarily even speak english . 
  it 's probably difficult for people from the most dominant culture in the world to understand . 
  but try to imagine eg mexicans or cubans having a say over laws which overrule the state laws of texas . 
  well why not create an even better american state by combining with mexico , and other latin american countries for that matter ? 
  what can go wrong with venezuelans having an equal say as americans ? 
  surely it would work great . 
  who personally ? 
  who dictates what the army does , and who in turn controls them ? 
  normally that 's the head of a sovereign state . 
  a supranational entity having its own military agenda is new . 
  nobody elected juncker , only people who said `` yes '' to him were . 
  federation and dilution of democracy between 500 million people is great how ? 
  would you prefer a world government , with a president directly elected by everybody on the planet , to control the military of the whole planet , including the us ? 
  federalization and eu leader having executive power itself are bad . 
  putting actual military power in their hands , even if they 're directly elected , is super bad . 
  well yeah , theresa may does have a mandate from the british people , who could also overthrow the queen should they really want . 
  juncker does n't have any popular mandate at all . 
  more importantly though , every head of government in europe is elected by citizens * of that country * to represent * them * . 
  europe getting direct military power over them is really scary . 
  this is scary as hell . 
  command of military force * equals * sovereignty . 
  no command of military = no power = no democracy . 
  who will the european army take orders from ?? 
  juncker or some other unelected buerocrat ? 
  that . 
  the bible is for the most part much more vague and open to interpretations , ie you could find something like king solomon telling his wife to stone a disrespectful child of theirs , which could be interpreted by hardliners as `` stone all disrespectful children '' while another interpretation would say , no , just look at the context , it 's not what 's being said . 
  on the other hand , quran is often much more explicit about those things and would say `` all disrespectful children must be stoned , this is me , your god is commanding you all in this straight up , no ifs and buts '' . 
  much less wiggle room . 
  really the only option is not to believe . . which of course means apostasy , and you know what that means . 
  i 'm obviously thrilled and proud about the events , but not quite happy about the film itself . 
  it was made by the conservatives who blew up their own role in the events , while in fact the work was done , and the support of the people by far belonged to rahvarinne , which they portray as some sort of suspicious element . 
  russia always tries shit during the olympics . 
  even if it 's true , that does n't sound nearly as bad as you would 've thought . 
  germany spends more than half that much yearly on refugees alone . 
  your point is a sort of facepalm inducingly dumb logical equivalence fallacy . 
  btw you could easily substitute `` soviet '' for `` isis '' and end up with an even edgier internet argument . 
  please find another thread for your dumb whataboutism . 
  while at it , have some appreciation for the fact that the western world is well aware of the atrocities right-wing , cia-backed regimes and condemns them , whereas in russia `` falsification of history '' of showing the soviet regime in less than favorable light is a criminal offense these days . 
  it 's still somewhat controversial , but i like this [ new shop building in tallinn old town ] ( http://dtz.ee/failid/image/haldusobjektid/de%20la%20gardie.jpg ) . 
  it 's the same height as the older neighboring houses , and the materials work pretty good in context . 
  what if * more * germans were stubborn compared to the control group to a significant degree , as backed up by cold hard statistics ? 
  on one hand , you should n't feel prejudiced towards any particular german that they 're stubborn . 
  on the other hand , it 's silly to ignore the facts at hand . 
  if germans by and large are factually stubborn , then a german person should n't feel terribly offended by such an assumption , but instead make an effort not to look stubborn . 
  it 's not a problem of lacking sexual education or availability of birth control . 
  i 'd guess it 's more about easy availability and no big negative dogma associated with the abortions . 
  that 's also entirely reasonable . 
  i do n't think you understand the issue . 
  you can have too many immigrants even if they 're white , christian , and hard-working . 
  if 9 out of 10 people in england were polish , polish were made the official language , and all the churches converted to catholicism , then that is understandably too much , is n't it ? 
  on the other hand , for a hardcore neo-nazi 1 out of 1000 may be too much . 
  for everyone else it 's a sliding scale , where at certain point there is a fractured community , and the english no longer feel at home at their own homeland . 
  it 's not about senseless hate towards poles ( or english ) in particular , but simply numbers . 
  that 's , like , a weird conclusion to draw , man . 
  it 's entirely possible to have an unbearable number of immigrants even if they 're white and christian . 
  there 's no contradiction there . 
  if millions of brits moved to hungary with intention to stay , then that would cause problems , too . 
  that 's certainly a better option for a regime change than invading neighboring countries and then annexing them militarily , would n't you say ? 
  russia is free to arrange its own soft coups , in fact it has done so in the past and keeps doing so in the future . 
  they 're just crap at it , and nobody likes them . 
  how terrible . 
  that 's a lot . 
  have to be thankful about it , however : the prospect of losing better employees has really forced the local employers to raise wages in order to stay competitive . 
  so , pretty much everybody wins ? 
  the jokes write themselves . 
  sorry , but the reality is that we ca n't let putin invade and annex russia 's neighbors , and just look the other way if it 's economically convenient . 
  it 's not the first time , and probably wo n't be the last . 
  the us has loads of gas and will happily ship it over . 
  not sure if germany has any terminals but holland , poland , lithuania , latvia , estonia all either already have or are in the process of building lng terminals . 
  estonia fwiw is so far 100 % reliant on russia for gas but the official political stance still remains that putin can suck a dick . 
  idk , it 's been completely live around here for some 10 years , does n't get any more live than that .
