yes . 
  obviously we know all about the member states and eastern block countries , but after lenin 's death at the latest , the `` world revolution '' and communist rhetoric were merely means to the goal for the russian empire . 
  as for today , the rhetoric has been swapped to a more modern and sensible one , but the empire itself is fundamentally the same . 
  for estonia , a very significant factor is the proximity of culturally similar and much richer finland ( as well as sweden ) , and freedom to work there as eu citizens . 
  there are nearly 50,000 estonian citizens , or some 4 % of the whole population living in finland at this point . 
  the fact that workers can relatively easily take a trip and support their families by working overseas has put a strong upwards pressure on wages , much more so than ailing unions or weak leftish politicians ever could . 
  local wages have improved so much that the economic emigration is actually slowing . 
  if you 're a skilled worker it might not even be worth the hassle , as you could make similar money at home when you consider higher taxes , rent etc overseas . 
  sorry , i really do n't know how do make it more obvious that excusing this barbaric act was n't my intention ; addressing the circumstance regarding the relative number of foreigners was . 
  i 'm not arguing that . 
  it 's fair enough . 
  let 's not forget the nice new refugee center did in fact get built , before someone tried to burn it down . 
  ` suppose i wanted to say that this nation has a lot of experience with foreigners moving in , and are thus more wary of foreigners they did n't choose to , but had to let in ; far moreso than `` 1 in 14000 '' statistic might imply . 
  take a gander how russia is treating its refugees , particularly those of darker complexion . 
  well , you were counting , and probably walked away with the wrong impression . 
  it 's not like , `` oh , they 've got just 80 refugees , they have easily space for 100x more '' . 
  compared to the immigrant problem europe is facing today , we 've been living through a far more serious one for decades . 
  i really do n't want to sound as if i 'm making excuses for this , but for the record , there are roughly 400,000 soviet era immigrants . 
  that 's like 1 immigrant per 2 locals . 
  10 immigrants per 1 local , in some towns . 
  even though , banally speaking , they 're white and christian , it 's not been easy integrating them . 
  yeah , inflation is the obvious side effect . 
  but you pretty much can not default on loans in your own currency , as long as you can find someone to loan that money . 
  besides , a * reasonable * amount of inflation is n't a bad thing . 
  as long as the debt is in their own currency , it 's not bad . 
  for instance if you print your own monopoly money and people loan them to you , then you always have the option to print more in order to pay them back . 
  if there 's a silver lining to it , then the common `` enemy '' helps integration of the russian minority . 
  interesting to note that the local russians are even more hostile to the idea of mena immigrants/refugees than the natives . 
   the millions of muslims who 've lived in germany have had zero bearing on gay or women 's rights . 
  okay then . 
  [ really ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/sep/23/nhs-new-cases-female-genital-mutilation-fgm-three-months ) ? 
  sorry , i do n't speak german , so i ca n't provide the most relevant data there . 
  are you honestly saying that large numbers of muslim immigrants have no bearing on gay rights or women 's ? 
   that means , for example : ~ ~ no islam , ~ ~ less support for single mothers and alternative family models , less support for gender equality , the bundeswehr gets advertising privileges for their jobs etc. 
  that actually sounds very similar to what germany with millions of islamic immigrants would look like . 
  plus forced marriages , female genital mutilation , stoning/beheading gays and such . 
  it 's like , that archetypical poster is supposed to be signifying the man which the struggle for social justice should be opposing , and if it 's defeated then all will be well . 
  but the people struggling against it can themselves be much more conservative and backwards . 
  pretty sure a lot of people support these parties because they want to * uphold * the freedoms we still have , and which they feel the societal shift from the immigration will threaten . 
   a standard protocol that services can link up to if people want . 
  that is exactly what it is . 
  for crying out loud , an id card does n't help track jack . 
  what it can do is securely authenticate a session , sign or encrypt stuff . 
  he never made such a suggestion . 
  the author pulled that right out of his ass , because he is utterly clueless about what he 's talking about , and is apparently quite unable to process what ansip was talking about . 
  what 's with these people having no how id cards work . 
  calling themselves an it publication ? 
  what an id card gives you , in addition to simply another alternative id and inter-eu travel document , is the * ability * to securely identify yourself to websites without having to have had any contact with them , signing any forms or whatever . 
  you can log into any bank , insurance company , government website , etc , all with just one card and passwords . 
  even more importantly , it allows you to digitally sign documents in a way that is secure and legally binding ( where available by law ) . 
  so in addition to simply identifying yourself , you may also sign legally binding documents , at sites or offline , from your livingroom . 
  that is such a powerful feature that goes away with so many forms and client cards and passwords . 
  all of this capability is available to startups just as easily as 100k employee megacorporations . 
  and you can simply encrypt stuff , and even communicate securely . 
  hell , given that the private keys never leave the physical card , it 's actually a tool to * prevent * government from snooping your stuff . 
  ** nobody ever suggested that youtube should require login by id card ** . 
  most of internet usage these days are over mobile devices anyway , so wtf . 
  neither is it for tracking people . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  you 're obsessed that , oh , government might track you using your id card ? 
  meanwhile gchq captures and stores * all * internet traffic passing through the uk . 
  every law enforcement agency more or less directly your whole credit card history , mobile , your gps data , everywhere you 've ever been , and can probably listen to the microphone and see the camera on the device on your pocket . 
  but oh noes , * having an id card * , a completely optional tool with objectively really useful and unique capabilities , would bring * surveillance * . 
  eu immigration obsession is the very reason why `` authoritarian tendencies '' are found in hungary ( not sure about poland ) . 
  also why here the far right nobodies with < 1 % support some years ago , are now the third largest party with 20 % . 
  it 's like alcohol . 
  quite nice if consumed in moderation . 
  you need a neighbor such as finland . 
  eu freedom of work has helped more to improve wages than the local politicians ever did . 
  exactly . 
  eastern europeans are really quick to dismiss unions and standing up for employee rights as soviet legacy , and that 's the main reason why their wages are low . 
  if it was all about labor cost , then everything would move to bangladesh . 
  they do n't , because there are significant advantages , eg ( compared to cheap asian states ) proximity , ease of doing business , less corruption , qualified workforce , internet , english spoken , etc etc. 
  which need to be taken advantage of and improved further . 
  which has nothing to do with the vote . 
  the referendum is n't about whether the uk should hoist the anchor and sail to the other side of the atlantic . 
  even with the leave vote , the uk wo n't move a millimeter from where it lies now . 
  what 's the worst that can happen with the exit -- seriously ? 
  any particular reason why the uk ca n't carry without eu just like it always has ? 
  what are the benefits from eu that the uk _ ca n't _ negotiate on its own ? 
  that 's a fair point coming from a canadian . 
  however that act of terror was religiously motivated , but targeted against the state of india , which had real beef with sikhs at the time . 
  usually when people mean `` religiously motivated '' in the sense that the acts of terror are targeted against `` unbelievers '' ; that would hardly be the case with sikhism . 
  letting hordes of poor quality immigrants in unchecked will create a backlash that will reflect on better quality immigrants who had to really work for their place in the society . 
  particularly if they look alike . 
   lithuania was very smart that they declined stalin \u00b4 s offer to include kaliningrad oblast to lithuanian ssr - russian % would increase dramatically . 
  on the other hand , lithuania ( and all baltics ) would feel considerably safer without a russian military exclave in kaliningrad sitting between them and nato allies . 
  what is yours is mine and what is mine is n't yours . 
  it 's worth taking a million of yugoslavian refugees for one zlatan . 
  wtf, 
  not sure if how this applies to israel exactly , but i thought it was a very interesting article , and sometimes insightful . 
   in russian , it is most commonly \u0441\u043e\u0431\u0430\u043a\u0430 ( sobaka , meaning `` dog '' ) . 
  the name `` dog '' has come from soviet computers dvk where the symbol had a short tail and similarity to a dog . 
  the institute of experimental biology of the estonian agricultural university used to have the internet domain ebi.ee . 
  spelling out their contact email address ebi@ebi.ee to their russian colleagues over the phone had to go something like '' \u0435\u0431\u0438 \u0441\u043e\u0431\u0430\u0442\u0447\u043a\u0430 \u0435\u0431\u0438 \u0435\u0435 '' , or `` fuck doggy fuck her '' . 
  estonian chocolate ( by [ kalev ] ( http://kalev.ee/en/prod/sweets-and-biscuits/chocolates ) ) is excellent . 
  absolutely meets if not exceeds that of the neighbors , i.e. 
  it tends to have a stronger flavor , not necessarily because of more cocoa but but somehow still less milk-y than most . 
  that 's okay , there are plenty of excellent regular chocolate options . 
  it 's just kind of remarkable that the white chocolate is that good , considering the regular stuff has 200 + years of tradition , but they only started making white chocolate a couple of years ago .
