  * you were not allowed to leave ; the borders were sealed . 
  * you were not even allowed not to help relieve other people of their food if so ordered , under penalty of death . 
  * the policies * still * continued even when after the larger scale requisition targets were met . 
  nice try with the photo angle , but there appears to be barely 20 people on that `` march '' . 
  that 's dumb , you need to look for cheaper places . 
  pretty much every place in/near the old town that offers a daily asks 5 eur or less . 
  firstly , the possibility/threat of skilled workers emigrating has done so much more to local wage levels than anything the weak trade unions and left-leaning parties have ever accomplished . 
  doctors , nurses and teachers are still left underpaid , but thankfully they have n't all left yet . 
  secondly , it has made it noticeably safer to live , as the career criminals can choose to do something useful with their lives , and rob jewerly stores in norway or something , rather than inconveniencing people back home . 
  so all in all it 's a really good thing . 
  it 's pretty valuable to be able to get troops and tanks behind enemy lines . 
  to get to , say , the capital which is on the sea , but 200 km from the border . 
  these are the exact kind of ships russia needs in order to attack the baltic states . 
  it would help russia tremendously if they were able to land their hardware and troops anywhere on ( particularly estonia 's ) , sea border rather than the front line on the ground . 
  right now they do n't have much of such capacity , the mistrals on the other hand are made for this . 
  particularly for attacking saaremaa island , which has historically always been the last part of estonia to fall in wars , and which has shallow waters around it in nearly all directions . 
  itt : how dare black people get offended by our culture ; _ ;, 
  that 's my whole point , actually . 
  income tax is the tax that rich people and companies , those who reap most of the benefits from the economy , would ordinarily pay . 
  not only do we have a flat income tax ( not even only gon na go there ) but with the loopholes , particularly the reinvested profits one , it 's very easy to get around paying any . 
  the fact the government has to make do with payroll tax and vat for most of their profits is exactly why they suck so much . 
  the country should have significantly more budget income for the gdp level . 
  good for them for 2014 , but they did n't a fraction of that in 2013 . 
  the loopholes are still there . 
  of course the bankers and other large companies love that they do n't have to pay taxes and sing praises to reform , but unfortunately everybody else has to pay taxes for them . 
  somebody has to pick up the bill . 
  i 'd rather profitable companies pay taxes rather than myself , or working pensioners earning $ 400/mo or something which is just crazy . 
  right , so if they cancelled the agreement , would that make putin disappear ? 
  if so then i 'm against the agreement , surely . 
  sure , one of the first google hits : * the consolidated profit of swedbank in estonia [ in 2012 ] was 443 meur . 
  the bank paid only 2 meur in taxes . 
  * * seb earned a profit of 98 meur in 2011 and 54 meur in 2010 , yet paid no income tax . 
  * * if estonia had the classical corporate income tax of 21 % [ ... ] then from solely swedbank and seb the state would have earned 122.8 meur in taxes . 
  * [ link ] ( http://epl.delfi.ee/news/eesti/ettevotete-tulumaksu-susteem-kriitika-all?id=65133400 ) relinquishing taxes from `` re-invested '' profits and only taxing dividends is a huge tax hole , the likes of swed and seb simply `` loan '' their holding companies abroad tens of millions of euros and `` earn no profit '' . 
  meanwhile the government nickle-and-dimes on the pettiest shit . 
  as i said , not having the cooperation agreement does n't benefit anybody . 
  estonia has fuck all influence on russia and disturbingly little on their own population in the northeast even . 
  there is being principled , and there 's being ignorant . 
  with some of the best neighbors in the world , the one in the east nonwithstanding . 
  the opportunity to go across the bay and work in finland has literally done more to the wages and economic development than anything from reform party . 
  they were more in the business of raising taxes and cutting benefits for the workers , while avoiding taxation of those who actually reaped the benefits from the economy . 
  so if there was no cooperation , would that make united russia go away ? 
  to me it 's mildly infuriating how estonian politics straight up ignore where we live and what is going on around us , and pretend estonia is just off the coast of california or something , behind god 's back . 
  ignoring russia does n't make it go away . 
  united russia is and will be leading rf for the future . 
  pretending that estonia does n't have 30 % russian-speaking population , 85 % of whom watch * only * russian media , does n't solve the problem . 
  so yeah , i do n't mind that cooperation agreement . 
  i 've read it , there 's nothing in there except pleasantries . 
  it 's a nice topic for the opposing politicians to throw at them whenever they are looking for more estonian vote , but ur is the reality of our time and a line of communication is better than ignoring . 
  or forfeiting our russians to them . 
  it hardly compels cp to do anything they do n't want to do . 
  as a matter of fact * nobody * can compel savisaar do anything he does n't want to do . 
  like , what have n't been said about him already . 
  and how has that cooperation wronged anybody , or estonia ? 
  how is anybody worse off from it ? 
  it 's basically just half an a4 of pleasantries , not some sort of pact with the devil , or shoe on their throat forcing them to do anything . 
  it 's very easy to forget the fact that nearly a third of the population is rock-steadily under russian propaganda influence . 
  the cooperation treaty which brands cp as devilry for you , would also appear as the mark of quality for them . 
  yet do n't for a moment think that centre party is as bad as it gets . 
  * centre party ( and savisaar ) is the sole reason we do n't have an actually moscow-controlled , russian nationalist party * , and why russian party in estonia , left party , interfront and other real russian parties have died off . 
  because it sort of meets russian goals half-way , and their approach is obviously much more sustainable for most of russia-leaning voters than straight confrontation with estonian state . 
  if centre party did n't exist , who do you think all the russians would support ? 
  so yeah , feel free to point out what a bunch of putin 's asslickers centre party are . 
  that only makes them more popular in their core voterbase , who are only getting their news from the russian channels . 
  and that is a good thing , because by supporting cp they are in fact supporting an estonian party , within estonian political system , with by and large estonian leadership , who take upon themselves the representation of the local russians * instead of * moscow . 
  they were corrupt and arrogant as fuck . 
  however well estonia had been doing had been to larger part thanks to proximity to finland than them . 
  all of their policies in the past decade has been `` do as major corporations want , get paid ( in cash ) '' . 
  lowest effort politicians ever . 
  i bet russia would deal with the migrant problem far more effectively than italy has . 
  would n't be impossible by any means . 
  it 's not going to be just `` a few thousand '' refugees though , is it ? 
  accepting those few thousand will not solve the problem , in fact it hardly brings the solution any closer . 
  how would italy and greece solve this problem if there was no eu , and no obligations by any other country to take refugees from them ? 
  the solution they would come up in such case is probably the correct one today as well . 
  i actually think it would be a great idea for eu to intervene militarily , under un mandate , in neighboring areas that are the sources of genuine refugees . 
  eu can * make * safe areas for people to find shelter in . 
  accepting millions of migrants from outside eu and forcing them on member countries was never part of the deal . 
  must have been a freak coincidence between starvation , robbing people of all their food , seed grain and livestock , prohibiting them to trade , borrow or beg for any , and shooting them if they tried to leave . 
  no problem . 
  surely it could n't have been deliberate . 
  or if it was , then they deserved it , because ukrainian fascists , eh ? 
  it says '' ... political , or cultural group '' , not necessarily `` national '' ( though it mostly was ) . 
  millions of innocent people were deliberately starved to death , dude . 
  that it `` is n't anywhere near a general view '' is n't casting any doubt on the fact that it happened , it just shows what scumbags putin 's denialist government is . 
  it 's still genocide in the very literal sense of the word . 
  how the murderous regime chose its targets is n't nearly as relevant . 
  just because a paper has `` free trade '' written on it does n't mean it 's any good . 
  well you 're getting super personal with your arguments , so let me give you one : you see eu as the `` good czar '' , nice , benign , above local squibbles . 
  i see consolidation of power ( which is rightfully that of the people ) to a centralized entity over which we have extremely little power over , does n't necessarily care about you or your people , which has its own agenda , and which due to its centralized nature is ripe for corruption . 
  it 's as if you 'd rather do away with the bother of democracy and self-government and submit to the nice people in nice suits in brussels . 
  here 's the thing though , they are no better or less corrupt than any other homo sapien on the planet . 
   so yeah , it recognizes where it 's borders start and end , because anyone not in them is not protected by their constitution . 
  usa is a superpower , what do you expect ? 
  but for all its meddling , it does n't just invade iraq to make it the 51st state . 
  eu has n't quite invaded , just bait-and-switched from an economic union to a monster which somehow expects to have just as much control and influence over its members as the us federal apparatus . 
  soon with the monopoly of power . 
   just like them you 're going to help bring the bloodbaths back . 
  really , that 's your argument you can get ? 
  alright .
