   and of course '' ... 
  if you have to keep that fucking eid-card in your computer firstly , as mentioned , it 's not at all useful for tracking your activities . 
  the government , google , facebook etc are already doing a perfectly fine job at that . 
  nobody can force you to use an id card . 
  half the devices in people 's hands , phones and tablets , do n't even physically support a card reader . 
  there is nothing in the internet protocols that would force people to use it . 
  it 's just a secure authentication mechanism , like your reddit username and password , or your google/facebook login , except more secure and does n't do anything to help track you , unlike facebook and google cookies . 
  oh , and by the way - authenticating and signing things with an id card do n't even require internet access . 
  it 's not quite as secure since the software can not verify certificate revocation lists , but nevertheless . 
  here 's what an id card does ( when attached to a computer ) : it can receive a small piece of data ( usually a cryptographic hash of some sort ) , and upon also receiving one of two pin codes , can output another small piece of data ( the signed or encrypted version of the input piece of data ) . 
  we 're talking very small pieces of data , too , a few kilobytes . 
  what is interesting about the output data is that it could only have come from a physical card issued to a certain individual , who is also the only one with the pin codes ) , as vouched by the holder of the root certificate , i.e. 
  the government . 
  in short it enables the user to securely identify him or herself to * a * website , if she goes through the effort of sticking the card in and entering the pin code . 
  this lets a website , including a website the user has never visited before , to take the government 's word on who the user is , and pehaps allow them to securely access services that are confidential , such as bank accounts , medical data , et cetera . 
  somehow a number of dear people , including tech publications , have gotten completely wild ideas about it : `` it will tag you '' -- it is completely useless for tracking a person on the internet . 
  it allows a person to go through the trouble of identifying herself and authenticating a session to * a * site , by sticking the card in and entering a pin . 
  but from there on , it 's the same rules as internet everywhere . 
  the auth information is held in a ( secure ) cookie belonging to that site , and is not accessible to any other site , as cookies are domain-limited . 
  in fact you could say it makes it harder for government to track you , as the web communication using id card is by necessity always encrypted , and not just encrypted , but could be encrypted using the private key on the card , which is generated * on * the card and which nobody , not even the government has access to . 
  `` you can never hide your online identity '' - the authentication features will only work if you stick the card in the reader and enter the pin when a website prompts it . 
  no card , no pin entered , or another site = no identity information . 
  `` lose any chance for privacy '' - it 's a tool for privacy and security . 
  `` vpn , tor or what ever you like to use become useless '' - absolutely not , they have nothing to do with eachother . 
  `` if you have to keep that fucking eid-card in your computer , you are always identified without any doubt '' - you do not have to keep it in your computer . 
  nobody can force you to keep it in your computer . 
  hell , most people use mobile devices for internet these days . 
  only a site that authenticates you using it may require it , while you are using it . 
  even if you do , then it would n't be visible to other websites until they too go through the same process . 
  personally i 'm only taking it out of my wallet every few weeks for when i pay my bills and such . 
  `` it 's like you show your id card/passport on every door you enter or exit . '', 
  - your everyday sites such as reddit will not require it . 
  what would they have to gain ? 
  you will only use it if you * want * the site to learn and trust your identity . 
  nobody can force you to use it . 
  although , it would be damn useful if sites such as ebay or craigslist supported it for authentication . 
  by the way , there 's also no biometric data on it , not on estonian card at least . 
  trade is good !, 
  more trade is better than !, 
  we must destroy the member states ' sovereignty and form ~ ~ the empire of juncker ~ ~ european federation . 
  sky will not fall if it happens . 
  whatever deals and agreements of eu membership are useful , will be remade . 
  the uk would be in the same position as norway , and that 's just fine with everyone . 
  overall the threat of * exits is helpful , and prevents the eu from going full retard with federalization . 
  with the effects of global warming , desertification of northern africa , rising ocean levels and so forth , * it will only get worse * . 
  3 million may be nothing . 
  give it 20 years , and there could be a * billion * people banging at the gates . 
  no doubt , but the difference is closer than it appears ( as noted by ppp ) . 
  not with that mortgage they ca n't . 
  it 's not the only factor , but all kinds of services are cheaper as well , from haircuts to babysitting and so forth . 
  say two families in the two countries own an identical house , one which costs $ 100k here and $ 200k in italy . 
  person who owns the house in italy is nominally richer . 
  but in reality ... both experience the exact same quality of life . 
  ( weather aside ) thus ppp is very relevant , too . 
  in italy you might pay $ 1000/mo for rent , in estonia $ 300-400 for similar . 
  plus taxes might be lower . 
  iphones are the same , true , and i agree that more nominal money is generally better , especially for blue collar workforce . 
  but personally , i 'm really doubtful moving to italy would increase my net disposable income at this point . 
  who says we need the `` next step '' ? 
  many people think the eu has gone quite far enough . 
  you 're only seeing nationalism as a danger , which is somewhat myopic . 
  it 's just one of many possible banners to rally people under , beside religion , ideology , leader , and so forth . 
  in many countries , it was exactly nationalism that brought them freedom and allowed them to distance from the soviet legacy . 
   because you seem aggressive and selfish . 
  western europe on the other hand looks simply schizophrenic . 
  like a dear relative who 's suddenly turned into a cat lady . 
  must pick up all the poor stray cats ( you know who i 'm talking about ) , and when her own apartment is full of them , is trying to force them on neighbors and relatives . 
  it 's nice and european to offer poor kitties shelter , it 's just that with 20 + cats in the apartment it 's not even cute , or healthy anymore . 
  where do you draw the border between tiny useless post-soviet states , and potentially cool european states ? 
  would 've you also let you let the russkies take finland , or belgium , or italy , heck the whole continent ? 
  well , perhaps you would , perhaps even america can be isolationalist , but the void from american military spending would be filled with other means . 
  for instance there would have been nuclear armed eastern europe instead . 
  ukraine volunteered to give up their nukes , but they had more warheads than non-us nato combined . 
  ps : it 's not that the russkies are whining completely without reason : nato does get immense military value out of the new member countries . 
  before there used to be 1000 + kilometers between and st petersburg and closest nato radar or airbase ( in norway ) , barely in operational range for a fighter aircraft ; now there are radar installations quite close to the russian border . 
  which all in all helps quite a bit with the security of western europe . 
  is it in the interest of nato to have a third military alliance form between the eastern european countries , plus possibly finland and sweden ? 
  because that would 've surely happened . 
  it was simply much more sensible for everybody involved to join the same alliance , i.e. 
  nato . 
  would you like a reminder about what happened in crimea and eastern ukraine , and georgia before that ? 
  and to the baltic states and finland in 1939-40 ? 
  nato is a military alliance for democratic countries to protect eachother , not `` decreasing tensions '' with an entity that acts like a thug . 
  appeasement does n't work . 
  the russians are nothing if not practical and will rightfully take it as a sign of weakness . 
  tell me something i do n't know about it . 
  also , you are bad at interpreting analogies . 
   i 'd say it 's a pretty silly position to hold if it 's based off of misinformation . 
  `` you have to read the whole thing , otherwise i 'm right and you 're wrong '' . 
   it 's more than just an isds agreement ? 
  the question was why the fuck do we need it , such as it is . 
  for all the hoopla about how terribly malinformed us peons are , the arguments * for * the treaty are incredibly scarce . 
  perhaps i 'm `` relying on hyperbolic reporting '' and finding something more useful to do with time than reading this monstrous ( secret ) document , but the deal affects me just the same , and the relevance of my position is no less valid . 
  the problem as it relates to my example is that `` i '' never authorised the negotiator into giving away my firstborn , the negotiator never mentioned him doing so , and having learned of the fact it 's on the negotiating table only from the leaks , `` i '' probably would have signed it based on the negotiator 's recommendation . 
   you know estonia has had an isds agreement in place with the us for more than 20 years already , right ? 
  so why the fuck do we need ttip again ? 
  for that matter , why does anybody ? 
  it 's pretty common sense that if you 're trusting someone to negotiate a deal , such as mortgage with your bank , then articles such as `` the mortgagor is to offer the bank the firstborn child , and one kidney '' are off the negotiating table in the first place . 
  without the leaks we would n't have known what it 's even freaking about , and what * is * being offered . 
  and what is being offered/demanded is unacceptable .
