  huh , that 's interesting . 
  such volatility gives hope that just like propaganda can make people hate , it can just as easily be used to stop hating . 
  everyone 's sick of the i/p thing and its global fallout . 
  not to dismiss what is clearly a very complicated problem , but israel is in the position of power to solve it . 
  yet they keep building settlements and crap instead , which is for a significant part is the catalyst for the whole terrorism and radical islam problem . 
  moreove , the prevalence of unskilled , north african , muslim immigrants more likely acts as a * deterrent * for young , skilled , white immigrants . 
  sorry if that sounds racist , it 's just that white flight is a fact of life everywhere . 
  poor putin , west does n't like him so we should give all him a pass to invade and murder to his heart 's content . 
  because that will show the decadent west , am i right ? 
  not sure if you noticed , but slovakia is a nato member , too , since 2004 . 
  that must be terrible for you . 
  nearly all dictators in the 20th century were elected at some point . 
  i 'm not aware of any power in his country that he does not have , explicitly or not , so you could consider his power to be pretty much absolute . 
  since it 's also become impossible for anyone else to replace him , he 's pretty much a textbook dictator . 
  a * fascist * dictator who 's obsessed with militant nationalism and victimization complex at that . 
  tried to be friend of the west as in invading georgia ? 
  nice job there bub . 
  putin has completely eliminated critical media ( of any consequence ) , is censoring the internet specifically of content that opposes his regime , murders his political opponents , interprets the constitution in the way that he is going to stay in power forever , is glorifying the military and boosts it over all other spending , and not least of which his country is attacking his neighbors , not just for oil rights either but * for conquest of territory * . 
  how is he not a dictator ? 
  just because he 's popular ? 
  bet kim jong un is even more popular , popularity is n't hard to do when you control the media and suppress opponents . 
  i can understand that you may be fed up with fox news , but there are very , very good reasons why poor putin is under such scrutiny . 
  perhaps there 's something putin could do to improve his image , like stop censoring press , killing his opponents and critical journalists , invading other countries , ... 
   compares only gdp per capita  does n't address how the wealth is distributed , eg the gini index  does n't address cost sinks such as healthcare or higher education tuition fees  concludes most of europe is on par with mexico  is from cato institute, 
  worth mentioning that it 's legal to have consensual sex with a 14-year-old , but that does n't mean they 're considered full adults . 
  it 's still quite illegal to make erotic photos or recordings ( i.e. 
  child porn ) of persons under 18 , to entice them to perform in a sexual act , to buy sex from them and so forth ; there is a range of protections . 
  basically if a 14-15 year old wants to have sex , they can , while the law helps to protect them from being taken advantage of . 
  there is press , and there is government-made propaganda from the regime that actively suppresses freedom of speech . 
  russia can cry a fucking river . 
  that 's just a couple of billion dollars though , which is n't much at all for economy the size of russia 's . 
  they probably blow that much in syria every few weeks . 
  estonia 's short version is `` lihav\u00f5tted '' , or literally `` meat-takings '' , which probably has something to do with the end of fasting period . 
  he 's the guy who sold out simon ostrovsky ( an actual journalist from vice ) in april 2014 to the russian separatists in ukraine to kidnap him . 
  it 's not just that he 's a propaganda mouthpiece , he 's a scumbag . 
  in order to bypass wired 's stupid anti-adblock , add this filter ( adblock pro ) | http://www.wired.com/assets/load?scripts=true&amp;c=1&amp;load%5b%5d=*blockadblock*, 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  then again , trolling these threads appears to be your full time job . 
  meh , they 're filling but would n't say they 're that good , really . 
  pictured on the photo is actually just the `` high town '' with toompea castle , whose shape follows that of the hill it 's located . 
  some 80 % of the old town is out of frame at the bottom of the picture . 
  if you wish to take a better look , then i highly recommend http://360.tallinn.ee . 
  just click on any of the links there and you can start flying around the town like spiderman . 
  stop being an idiot and get the fuck over it . 
  nobody is impressed with your heart bleeding over a 120 year old church . 
  yes . 
  you are correct . 
  personally i 'm quite positive that the estonian e-voting system is safe , in that a third party can not manipulate votes in any kind of significant manner . 
  but what the media would rather forget is that it is not safe from corruption -- from manipulation by the very people who run the system . 
  who may be perfectly honest , and i hope they are , but they are in turn hired by the officials who have a very strong , vested interest in certain kind of turnout . 
  you can not protect a computer system from the physical owner of the system . 
  every offline drm and copy protection system has tried exactly that , and all of them have failed . 
  i think you 're underestimating the problem . 
  if e-voting can be manipulated , then you could * never * vote the ruling party out of power . 
  they could just as well manipulate both votes and turnout . 
  that essentially throws * all * democracy in the country down the toilet , and relieves its citizens from * all * say in the government affairs altogether . 
  your opinion simply ceases to matter at all . 
  you could also consider it as indirect proof that e-voting is rigged and always has been . 
  what evidence do you really have that center party 's voters are all e-illiterate russian pensioners who do n't e-vote , * other than * the fact the e-voting results are skewed ? 
  sure , there could also be a ( considerable ) bias as when e-voting is presumed to be manipulatable , then it 's not worth e-voting for the opposition party , as your votes would n't count anyway . 
  but as far as i remember from a study not long ago , there is * no * correlation between political preference and computer literacy . 
   contemporary russia is a federation by law and by fact , a country for many different people , all equal . 
  su was also `` federation by law and by fact , a country for many different people , all equal '' , no ? 
  it 's literally the same country , and with all the same principles with regards to what it means to be a part of it . 
  do you consider tatarstan a part of russia ? 
  an equal part of the federation that is * russian * only by accident and convention ? 
  nobody said the empire was * for the benefit of ethnic russians * . 
  very few people really benefitted from the soviet empire , much like few people really benefit from what putin is doing . 
  are russians better off in today 's russia , compared to other people -- and does it make today 's russia not russia if it was n't the case ? 
  the point is that russia and the soviet union are the same thing , the latter just had an ideological fig leaf . 
  the most active drivers of russification and oppressors of ethnic minorities were precisely stalin and brezhnev , maybe because they felt the need to make up for something . 
  putin is an imperialist . 
  soviet union was in essence a russian empire with a bit of ideological sauce . 
  putin is dissing lenin about actually taking the communist ideas too seriously and not building the biggest-strongest russian empire in the first place . 
  in other words , lenin 's slogan was `` proletariat of whole world , unite '' , putin 's slogan is `` russia stronk '' . 
  note how every non-borrowed , distinctively estonian name , i.e. 
  `` rootsi '' or `` l\u00e4ti '' instead of `` holland '' or `` portugal '' , ends with a vowel . 
  many estonians do n't even realize this but every placename in estonia is written in genitive case and ends with a vowel . 
  with the huge exception of tallinn , the capital city . 
  first time i 've heard that upsets anyone . 
  for a brief period of time , things were actually looking up , you know . 
  between 1988-199something ? 
  russians could n't be painted with the same brush , there were the bad guy but also the cool guys . 
  you know what i mean . 
  sadly the cool guys really dropped the ball at governing . 
  so now there 's just putin . 
  that the world is so small . 
  from tallinn it 's only 80 km to helsinki and 380 km to stockholm . 
  these days it 's just 90 minutes by boat or 30 minutes by plane , you buy a ticket and you can go . 
  back in the day they could 've been as distant as the moon and mars , respectively . 
  pretty weird in the hindsight how the border guard existed not to prevent aliens from getting in , but mainly to keep * you * from getting * out * . 
  it 's a common urban myth that latvians have six toes . 
  to make up for that , another myth says that god is a latvian . 
  regarding how this looked like for an ukrainian peasant , check out the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/causes_of_the_holodomor ) * if you had extra grain after meeting your quota , you had to give it up . 
  * if you could not meet your quota , you had to give up * all * your livestock . 
  * if you were a part of collective farm and could n't meet the quota , then the farm was placed on a blacklist and had to give up * 15 * times the quota . 
  to make sure you did that , activists relieved you of * all * food . 
  * the quotas you were supposed to meet were then raised impossibly high . 
  * you were not allowed to trade for food . 
  * you were not allowed to receive deliveries of food .
