   joe citizen generally does n't have the knowledge , nor the expertise , nor the specialization , to be able to have a meaningful input into how a given provision would affect environmental standards , or consumer standards , or the steel industry , or the chemical industry . 
  but just as representatives of key sectors are given some access , so too are environmental groups ( under the tepac ) , labour groups ( under the lac ) , consumer groups , etc. 
  yes , we know , democracy is a terrible system ( except for all the others ) . 
  even so , history has proven again and again that there can not be some noble dedicated group of smart people taking care of all the important things so that the general public need n't worry their pretty little heads about . 
  such groups of smart , important and unsupervised people inevitably turn corrupt , as is human nature . 
  ttip is not just about negotiating some trade , it involves trading away democratic power to set environment standards and other laws that might curb someone 's profits . 
  that affects everybody and their children . 
   so , ruling party of course says that that clause can no longer be part of the treaty . 
  except imagine this multiplied amongst every industry sector of every country negotiating . 
  it 'd be an absolute clusterfuck , twelve countries all drawing red-lines over certain issues would lead to a treaty with absolutely zero teeth , and everyone would wonder what the fuss was about because it would really amount to nothing . 
  how terrible , not having a convenient , unelected entity to lobby all in one place and instead having to go through the democratic process in each country . 
  how could 've we possibly survived without the eu !, 
  teeth or no teeth , how about we do n't want this shitty , bloated , undemocratic treaty in the first place . 
  so far i 've hardly seen a single goddamn thing about it which would improve the life of the average european . 
  ooh , but `` trade '' , more `` trade '' is better than . 
  fuck that . 
  trade will find a way . 
  whatever net benefits it brings will be pissed away by spending on immigrants , anyway . 
  it does not have to be this way , and most of all , i 'd like the tools and powers to change it in the future to remain . 
  in estonian that would `` kraav '' , which i think might be an old loan word . 
  probably from german or swedish -- after checking with google translate indeed it seems it could be either . 
  not speaking for everybody , but ... because we look up to sweden ( as well as other countries like germany and netherlands ) and do n't want them to be worse off neither due to immigrants , nor the reaction to immigrants ( alt-right populists ) . 
  it 's because we care . 
  i work for a swedish company and have visited a number of times . 
  i love swedish people , their attitude , they are a pleasure to work with . 
  i love the country of sweden . 
  for my money , as far as i can tell it 's the best country in the world . 
  certainly one of the most successful and progressive countries , that is most of the world should look up to . 
  from my experience talking to expats in sweden who are living and working there , as well as more tactfully with the swedish colleagues , the first hand testimony i 've heard is that the immigration is without question the # 1 problem . 
  he is `` under attack '' because there genuinely is a lot to `` attack '' . 
  he 's lying and contradicting himself so much that it 's hard to even distinguish what his policies actually * are * . 
  what * is * he going to replace aca with ? 
  does he support taiwan or one china ? 
  is he going to involve himself in attacking isis or is he an isolationalist ? 
  he just gives the answer the asker wants to hear , and may contradict himself a minute later . 
  if the media were to paint him in a positive or neutral light then they would be lying . 
  the only constant in everything he stands for is the support and admiration of vladimir putin . 
  that i believe he takes seriously , and that 's what he wants to become . 
  someone who 's admired by his population and feared by his enemies by the virtue of having destroyed independent media , judiciary and parliament , who 's able to loot his country without any impediment , and is able to imprison or outright kill whoever is challenging his power . 
  trump has not destroyed democracy yet ( note that he never mentioned the word `` democracy '' in his inauguration speech ) , but his hatred towards media and judiciary , and the views of his cabinet , are unprecedented , absolutely not normal , and trending towards autocracy following a pattern similar to all the previous/existing dictators came to be . 
  when has there ever been a huge , world-wide conspiracy by the press to discredit a honest politician ? 
  it does sound familiar because it 's exactly the thing * every dictator ever * from saddam , to kim jong il , to putin , to erdogan , to hitler has complained about : acting victimized while being the bully . 
  it 's called siege mentality . 
  sure , you like trump because you like some of the things he said and are hopeful they benefit you , and he looks like someone who `` could get things done '' . 
  that is how populism works . 
  he promises a lot of things and takes credit for a lot of things . 
  he wants you to think of him as so good and so vital that you would n't mind him gradually dismantling the american democracy altogether . 
  there is nothing ignorant or panicky about their attack on the media ( and to lesser extent judiciary ) . 
  controlling the press is essential for any budding dictatorship . 
  trump * needs * support from media to succeed . 
  unfortunately for them the american press is quite strong , has constitutional protection and is not easily subdued , and the president 's powers are limited in going at them from the financial angle . 
  therefore they are working * hard * to discredit the press at any opportunity and instead attempt to create their own reality bubble . 
  yeah , sure , whatever problem is put in front of europe , the answer is `` federalizing '' for some . 
  while in reality the state of eu has n't been as fragile as this in decades . 
  * many * member countries , including large western european countries , are on the verge of * xit and going by the way of trump . 
  precisely because the eu is having illusions of grandeur with regards to federalization , and is no longer seen as serving its population . 
  from the speech i gather that trump is going to go full retard on nationalism and offers a scapegoat of other countries/cultures for the problems of american working class , so that the republicans can dodge past and future responsibility . 
  i 've never seen that before . 
  america has always been the leader of the new world and maker of its own destiny . 
  trump 's position is that america is not a leader , but a victim of horrible and/or lazy outside forces that he has to save people from . 
  quite like the crocodile tears russia likes to cry . 
  it was compelling . 
  just like his campaign was much more compelling than hillary 's . 
  just when i thought the reality might start to hit him ... nope , he 's playing the rampant nationalism card and doing a pretty good job at it . 
  given that american history education has n't exactly been stellar , it will be eaten up , too . 
  not having a good feeling about this . 
  silly americans , inner cities are for the rich . 
  on other words , the poorest will get more money , but at the expense of middle class , not rich . 
  those whose income is $ 2100/mo will be taxed 38 $ more , and those whose income is $ 100,000 / mo will also be taxed $ 38 more . 
  the middle class pays proportionally much more than the rich . 
  in fact the coalition * reduces * tax burden on the rich even more , by reducing tax from dividends from 20 % to 14 % . 
  `` leftish '' government my ass . 
  it 's 700 + years old though . 
  they did n't make them very fancy back then . 
  i feel bad for the turkish people and the victims of that military conflict if turkey decides to be serious with this . 
  that said ... turkey toppling assad and occupying the country for the time being could very well be the best solution for this clusterfuck , among the number of bad ones . 
  russian military bases in mediterranean are much more dangerous and destabilizing than some headchoppers . 
  lpt : when an article from a major newspaper or news organization is behind a paywall , go to https://news.google.com and search the same article by its title there . 
  you can notice how sometimes posts like these get a couple of hundred regular comments by normal posters , but when the troll factory receives an order or something , there 's suddenly like 10 professional pro-kremlin posters on the case . 
  support for far right is up across the eu . 
  but not since 2004 when most of ee members joined , or 2007 when the poorest , romania and bulgaria joined . 
  the blame for that falls squarely on the refugee crisis of the last few years and eu 's handling of it . 
  are you sure you 're not actually supporting your right-wingers rather than complaining about them ? 
   immigration in most of eastern europe was either close to zero or even negative instead of 2010-2015 try 1940-1990 , or just 1970-1990 . 
  secondly , many eastern european countries already do accept the quota refugees . 
  if you do n't think the eastern europeans are good enough for your country , then that 's fine by me . 
  that 's your right . 
  i would actually prefer some limits on that regard . 
  i find it peculiar though that you blame eastern europeans ( as a whole ) for the rise of the far right , rather than immigration from outside eu . 
  afterall your government have deemed each member country to be civilized enough to be allowed in the eu along with freedom of movement . 
  any member country could have vetoed that decision . 
  no , just place them in refugee camps instead of releasing them into the general population ; only permit those whose background you check and who possesses the skills to get by in the society . 
  ca n't build camps for tens of thousands of people you say ? 
  the point is that if the refugees/immigrants knew that getting on the boat would n't automatically get them to eu , then you would n't have tens of thousands of them in the first place . 
  fyi eastern europeans had to put up with restrictions on work , within eu , for years . 
   eastern europe had close to no immigration uh , the population of latvia for example has almost 50 % economic immigrants and their descendants . 
  some eastern europeans know what it means to * actually * have your way of life threatened by immigration . 
  also by the way , the more north african refugees and immigrants your country accepts , the less will it attract actually qualified immigrants from eastern europe ( the ones your country might actually want to attract ) as they need to compete for housing and share some of the animosity . 
  so if eastern europeans are your main problem , then go ahead and import more somalis . 
   eastern europeans started to cheer for the far right wingers uh , it 's not the eastern europeans in your country that are cheering for * your * far right wingers .
