because there were no actual reforms within the country . 
  not to say that nd is to be trusted but ... how is it smear campaign against siriza when siriza has failed on every point to deliver even one promise ? 
  ooook . 
  no sure what you trying to say ... all i am saying is greece has a mentality problem and hence it is taking them forever to get their shit together . 
  but it is ok , / r/europe is bidazzled by tsipras and varoufakis so there is that ... 
  here is what will happen ... elections again in 6 months and then exit from ee . 
  you will see . 
  greece is heading towards utter self destruction . 
   they must be willing to compromise , just like we compromise by letting them in and dealing with their shit . 
  good luck with that . 
  integration of immigrants is not as successful as it is here in the us . 
  the woman in the clip at 1:57 , pretty much sums it up when she talks about revenge , perpetual revenge really . 
  you guys are screwed with this situation . 
  western and eastern cultures simply do n't match at this point and the ee for several reasons can not assimilate the way the us can people that come from the me . 
  around summer greece will no longer be part of the ee . 
  do n't think your snide remark will score any points against me because i find ... ... 
  the incompetence of ee mind-numbing . 
  also , the overall mentality of greeks to be of that of a third world country . 
  uneducated , entitled , self centered , crude , paranoid , timid , xenophobes . 
  if i was german i would not want to do anything with the greeks . 
  i just feel very sorry for the greeks who do not have an ass backwards way of thinking . 
  they are trapped . 
  this sudden `` admiration '' can turn very quickly to anger when they do n't get what they want . 
  today 's hero , tomorrow 's zero . 
  greeks have been in the closet when it comes to expressing any positive views about the us . 
  it is a taboo thing for a greek to say good things about america . 
  however , they are very welcoming to tourists from the us and they clearly know that the us is where all the opportunities are . 
  greeks do not agree with the politics of the us and i can understand why they have a sour taste for the us . 
  but they go overboard with it . 
  i mean , syriza made it clear that it was looking to make greece russia 's charity case . 
  then again if we take into account the political developments in greece in the last 5 years , greeks have a lot to prove about if they actually know anything about politics , despite their constant ( whining ) reminder to the rest of the world about how they invented politics and all that ... 
  how many more elections until greeks get it right ? 
  should we begin counting ? 
  ... has anyone kept track of this ? ... i am kind of lost . 
  can i have an election for christmas as well , you know just to spice up the holidays . 
  lol !, 
  upvote from me . 
   of course not !, 
  but the finance minister does not need to know the technical details . 
  in an ideal situation he should be able to go to the people responsible for the system and say , `` here , this is what we want to do , '' and have them come up with a solution and a list of problems they 're likely to encounter . 
  the minister sets the policy , their responsibility for execution ends with hiring the right people , and firing the wrong ones ( which is often a problem , not only in greece ) . 
  of course he is not supposed to work on a tech level . 
  but it has been clearly shown that he just had a vague idea and nothing else . 
  there was no team put together to actually fist come up with a goal , then with a plan , then with a team and then to start working on it . 
  i am not against his idea . 
  i am against his arrogant and ignorant approach when it comes to practical matters . 
  he is an academic that comes up with good ideas and he needs to stay away from executing . 
  his narcissistic nature serves him right only in academia . 
   `` we were ready to get the green light from the prime minister when the banks closed in order to move into the general secretariat of public revenues , which was not controlled by us but is controlled by brussels , and to plug this ** laptop ** in and to energise the system . '' does this sound as someone who actually knows what he is talking about ? 
  as someone who actually had an actual plan at a technical level ? 
  absolutely not . 
  another quote :  `` we decided to hack into my ministry 's own software program in order to be able to copy the code of the tax system 's website onto a large computer in his office so that he can work out how to design and implement this parallel payment system , '' varoufakis told the moderator during the call , the new york times reports . 
  where to begin with this . 
   we decided to hack into my ministry 's own software program ... what does this even mean ? 
   ... in order to be able to copy the code of the tax system 's website onto a large computer in his office so he is telling us that an elaborate system of this nature can run from just one desktop/laptop ? 
  the database , the web server and all other calculating units that do the actual math ? 
   ... how to design and implement this parallel payment system who was working on this design and for how long ? 
  who was responsible for what part ? 
  do n't get me started on legacy issues with software which are a complete nightmare . 
  for the record , i worked in an exchange in nyc . 
  upgrading anything software wise on the trading units was always a process that took few months . 
  reason being is simply because any logical error would cost millions and possibly billions of dollars . 
  you know about knight 's financial disaster and how a logical error cost them 300 million dollars within 15 minutes ? 
  read on it . 
  an error in their algo caused this . 
  it is not simply a matter of typing speed . 
  on a production system of this scale you need months of planning before you execute any changes . 
  it is never as simple as that . 
  a small change to a database of this nature can cause havoc on the client side it can cause logical errors , it can cause havoc internally in all the other units ( located in other servers ) . 
  and you simply do not copy a web site . 
  it is not a `` web site '' that you `` copy '' . 
  it is a whole system composed by web servers , databases , servers that run the applications that do the actual calculations and other moving parts . 
  you also have to deal with versioning issues , testing , finding bugs . 
  when did he have time to do all this ? 
  who was responsible for executing all of this ? 
  his team of five that had a very vague blueprint of a plan ? 
  there were not even actual details on how to execute their plan . 
  just some ideas on a piece of paper somewhere . 
  complete incompetence on his side in matters of execution . 
  all kidding aside what i think happened is they connected either via rdp or ssh to the ministry 's system and they thought that this was hacking . 
  whatever the case may be , you can not , never , ever , create a parallel system of this magnitude willy nilly . 
  it takes months of preparation , lots of money and hiring the right people and lots of them . 
  i get downvoted to hell in / r/europe each time i mention how irresponsible , dellusional and ignorant varoufaki 's approach was regarding this issue at a technical level . 
  but as others have mentioned in here saying a vague plan to 5 people is sufficient and enough and that by it self is an ignorant statement . 
  people / r/europe and in / r/greece are still mesmerized by the way varoufakis very masturfully articulates his thoughts . 
  he is great when it comes to concepts but he is horrible when it comes to execution . 
  varoufakis is just absolutely horrible as a leader . 
  he really needs to stick in academia where he is good at . 
  i ca n't wait for summer to be over so the kiddies ( who most , not all , are easily impressed ) to go back to school and leave the internet to the adults . 
  watch your downvotes pile up each time you say something negative in / r/europe about his arrogant ignorant highness our king varoufakis . 
  but then i guess he is appealing to very young people who have n't been exposed to the mechanics of the world , from a political level down to a technical , nuts and bolts level . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  because / r/europe has a boner for him ... and i gladly say , please feel free to hire him not only as an adviser but as someone who will actually need to take decisions . 
  advising he is good at but when it comes to execution he is just ignorant and delusional . 
  plz dulan aftr i eat lnch !, 
  grave insult . 
  blood will be shed . 
  but not now though . 
  i am having lunch . 
  if i see any posts from any greek saying they are proud of what the country is now ( ** and by that i mean present time and not during the god damn time of alexander the great ** ) i will lose my shit .
