absolutely . 
  it 's astonishing what the eu has accomplished . 
  the bridges built where before there used to be war and resentment . 
  it 's an incredible thing what the eu gave to this continent . 
  both are very protectionist , does n't mean any of them are right or fair by doing it . 
  haha , consider the vast majority of the eu countries . 
  they 're far more efficient and less bureaucratic than brazil !, 
  obviously there 's an idolisation of europe , but it is still way more efficient than most of the world , hands down , 
  well , i live in the eu but was born raised in brazil and still go back often , and am always in contact with friends and family there . 
  the image of the eu is overwhelmingly positive in brazil . 
  it is generally seen as a peaceful and prosperous group of countries with democratic ideals , even if a bit too protectionist and a bit egoistical . 
  people admire the efficiency of european countries and their social states , and generally see the eu as a force that unites them around those values . 
  people also see the eu as possibly one of , if not the richest place in the world , with high standards of living . 
  obviously people are aware of crisis and so on , but generally speaking it 's a positive image . 
  some people may believe europe is to blame for our social issues , but those guys are minority and tend to be idiots in a lot of other areas . 
  she actually pushes against equal marriage . 
  she 's stated to being against it in more than one occasion . 
  and she 's also very talented at looking bland while the government negotiates ttip and gives up the privacy of the citizens . 
  it 's naive to think she 's not lenient , or even in approval of such things . 
  they already ruled it 's constitutionally allowed for same sex couples to get married , but that they ca n't institute it themselves . 
  it 's up to the legislative . 
  germany is n't going to see equal marriage while the cdu is in power . 
  oh no , you fuck off . 
  different rights are not equal rights , and germans before anyone else should know better than discriminating * anyone * . 
  not everyone is happy with your separate but equal solution , nor should they be . 
  and it is n't even equal , as you said it yourself . 
  the courts already said it 's constitutionally allowed , but tha they ca n't make legislation . 
  whom is it up to ? 
  oh yeah , the cdu and their mutti . 
  the sad joke is that there are people in the 21st century in some of the most well-educated countries in the world who think like you . 
  who think any discrimination is ok , or that people fighting against it are being dramatic . 
  it 's tragic . 
  it 's an infringement on human rights . 
  so you fuck off . 
  except for all the discrimination . 
  but who cares about gays , trans and immigrants anyways ? 
  one person is not single-handedly responsible for stability . 
  stability lies in germany 's strong economy and strong social state . 
  it 's not * at all * a cdu merit , let alone merkel 's . 
  and you also have a share of `` the queer '' !, 
  exactly . 
  couple that with the fact that all the decent social advances were put forward by the spd . 
  as i keep repeating myself on this sub : just last year , germany has seen the implementation of minimal wages , the frauenquote and the limitation of renting abuses , which are insane in cities like munich . 
  just last year , and all spd initiatives . 
  the spd is far from perfect ( sigmar , looking at you ) , but they 've been the only ones actually doing something about anything . 
  merkel did make a cute child immigrant cry though ( * and patted her on the back omgggggggg * ) , so that has got to count for something . 
  and somehow , all the blame for ttip negotiations go to sigmar gabriel not to mention the fiasco with greece that had been fucking up germany 's image in the union . 
  ugh , again ... 
  sorry , lgbt germans , looks like you 'll remain being second class citizens for a while . 
  do n't feel bad , i 'd kiss denmark . 
  denmark is charming and a little quirky/dorky , and a bit heteroflexible ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  sure , if you cherry-pick situations in certain countries . 
  spain and portugal have had crisis too , and witnessed massive migration to latin america - and i 'm talking about this decade , not 100 years ago !, 
  pick any state in south/southeastern brazil , argentina , or uruguay . 
  pick mexico city . 
  that 's what i 'm saying : one ca n't generalise latin america at all . 
  bolivia and brazil share a long border and yet are otherworldly different in many aspects . 
  i was raised in southern brazil and i 've been to portugal , and i 've got ta say , it feels pretty much the same . 
  portugal felt a little warmer weather-wise and a little less extreme in social classes , but that was it . 
  living in germany , there 's * no way * i 'd ever say portugal is closer to germany than it is to brazil , and vice-versa . 
  ever . 
  brazilians go to portuguese restaurants and stores , and portuguese go to brazilian places . 
  neither deny the fact that they just do n't feel that much foreign to each other at all . 
  it 's just the reality , and it makes sense historically . 
  i 'm not saying la and iberia are the same thing , or that just labelling iberia as `` latin america '' is fair . 
  but the association should n't surprise nor offend anyone . 
  hell , even the `` drama '' of being equated to latin america screams of latin americanness , to be quite honest . 
  well , i mean obviously it 's not the same place , but within latin america there 's a world of differences , too . 
  just because spain and portugal have little do to with chihuahua , mexico , it does n't mean it 's all that different from places like s\u00e3o paulo , buenos aires , montevideo and so forth . 
  latin america and iberia are culturally closer to each other than they are to any germanic country , for obvious reasons . 
  and furthermore , it 's a bit unsettling to see that some people take being compared to latin americans as an offence . 
  it really , * really * should n't be . 
  mietpreisbremse , frauenquote too . 
  and that just in the last year . 
  there is also enormous pressure against sigmar gabriel because of his positions about ttip and internet privacy , since his views contradict the party 's majority . 
  they 're also for marriage equality an they 're against the way cdu/csu treat immigration and the refugee question . 
  they were also against grexit . 
  i get it , people are disappointed they formed the coalition , and i do n't like that , either . 
  but it does n't mean they 're the same as the cdu/csu, 
  really ? 
  i see a world of difference . 
  but that 's maybe because i live in bavaria , where they oppose the csu . 
  but still , the spd is by no means `` middle rightish '' . 
  unless one calls die linke `` leftish '' instead of `` left '' . 
  i 'd say centre-left is appropriate . 
  estonia is the first in line to become nordic , and always will be !, 
  i understand your argument , but i disagree . 
  sure , actions have a more direct impact , but actions and beliefs are strongly associated . 
  beliefs often translate into action . 
  how many people admit having refused hiring someone because of their gender ? 
  almost nobody will say they did . 
  and i 'm willing to bet they really believe they would n't do such a thing . 
  and yet , even in countries like germany , women are paid less and occupy fewer leadership positions , even in younger generations . 
  consider now black people , muslims , refugees and gipsies , and how they 're treated - including by the police , but not only by them . 
  an astounding amount of people are ok with it . 
  beliefs translate into actions or omissions , and therefore they are all morally corrupt . 
  furthermore , some people cheat once in their lives , some people cheat relentlessly . 
  everything has degrees of gravity . 
   ( b ) accept that your moral standards are too strict and cheating is n't that bad since a lot of people do it . 
  by that argumentation racism , homophobia , sexism and so on would also be acceptable , since in a world average they are pretty commonly found .
