  recently , a local police made an experiment of pedagogy ( a method which consists in explaining to the population why they are breaking the law at the moment ) , asking the concerned women to remove their burkah or to go back home ( since they can wear what they want in their home ) . 
  it went smoothy and they did n't have to arrest anyone . 
  source ( in french , it 's a local event after all ) : http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/societe/annecy-la-police-distribue-des-tracts-aux-touristes-voilees_1701414.html, 
  a law like this has been voted in france , under sarkozy . 
  he outlawed burkah and anything covering the face . 
  what happened is a [ streisand effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streisand_effect ) . 
  the burkah phenomenon estimated to 367 muslims in france spread to reach 2000 . 
  before jumping instantly to a moral argument and vote the laws anyways , it 's better to ask yourself if it 's worth the cost . 
  it 's a bit caricatural . 
  is n't french the only legitimate latin heir and all other languages slang of it ? 
  seriously , what the fuck is the pkk trying to do ? 
  they are n't going to win and do n't have the support of the whole kurdistan . 
  it 's just adding sufferings and killing political solution in the egg . 
  in the west , there was the marshall plan , and as good as i remember my old history courses the soviets made their own marshall plan in the communist block . 
  claerc is n't french ( at least it 's what he claimed in another comment ) . 
  by the way , you know our feel now , bro . 
  i think we should begin to give bush points ( like godwin points ) everytime someone uses the false surrendering monkey clich\u00e9 . 
  [ here is your first bush point . 
  ] ( http://tofdestar.fr/wp-content/images-stars/george-bush/george-bush_1676_1927343.jpg ), 
  if it 's simple and plausible , then it 's false . 
  this comment is wrong on so many levels . 
  i do n't know where to begin with . 
  france , 1 of the 3 significant european military powers backed obama about an intervention in syria . 
  there is no such deal about those utopia and us being merc of europe . 
  why would france have intervened in mali then ? 
  us and eu share common interests and help each other in their own interests . 
  you do n't believe me ? 
  look closer at the middle east politics . 
  european countries has a long history of supporting arab countries while us , for internal politics reasons , support israel . 
  geopolitics is n't a fairy tale of great ideas . 
  2 years ago , mali was about to fall in djihadists hands , after they had overtaken their separatists allies and beaten the governement . 
  france intervened and kicked them out of mali . 
  there is still a un peace-keeper force there . 
  in ivory coast , after presidential elections , both candidates claimed victory . 
  france militarily helped one of the candidate to kick the former president out of power . 
  overseas territories range from identical to mainland france ( la r\u00e9union ) to nearly independent . 
  there is one independentist movement in new caledonia . 
  there was a fight which made 21 casualities in ouvea in 1989 . 
  there will be a referendum in 2018 to decide if they want to leave france or not . 
  french navy does n't have the means to protect all french seas against illegal fishing and france is n't using them . 
  most of the overseas territories costs more in subsidies than it gives to france ( high unemployment , criminality ) . 
  so it 's not that important for france . 
  the most strategical overseas territory is guiana with [ kourou ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guiana_space_centre ) . 
  de gaulle made a referendum in algeria in 1962 , which was considered as metropolitan france , to end the algeria 's war . 
  weirdly , they chose independence . 
  it was quite exceptional . 
  he did another important referendum in 1969 after may 68 and the french youth demonstrations . 
  he wanted to know if he still had the confidence of the french people but was n't constitutionally allowed to make a `` plebiscit '' , a french traditional votation to renew the legitimacy of the head of the state . 
  if the answer was `` no '' , he would resign . 
  of course , no one cared about the official content of the referendum , but it was about regional powers . 
  the `` no '' won , and the carreer of the father of modern days france ended . 
  i have just read the constitution , there is nothing like this . 
  and it would be in the constitution without a doubt . 
  a spanish would answer the question better than me . 
  but from what i have found , spanish justice and constitution council declared illegal a previous votation ( catalonia made a mock referendum that spain tried to stop ) and there is nothing about independance in their constitution , so i would say no . 
  meeh , we would send some bulls at them and see if they are that good at corridas . 
  actually , i have never heard anything about roussillon wanting to leave france , so that does n't seem to be quite a thing there . 
  in fact , it 's even in an area which is historically known for its support to the republic and its unity . 
  so pretty meh . 
  that 's exactly the point of my comment . 
  it 's a small group , but with a serious background . 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/vox/politique/2014/04/22/31001-20140422artfig00175-bonnets-rouges-les-independantismes-menacent-ils-une-europe-en-crise.php the problem is n't what is happening right now , it 's what could happen in 10/20/50 years if independantism spreads . 
  france and spain have in common they do n't want to see an independant catalonia . 
  they just have to commonly decide that catalonia is n't part of schengen since it 's a new state . 
  companies would move to spain . 
  end of the party . 
   ok guys , we are being beaten by a multi-cultural entity using women soldiers and 40 years old weapons , what should we do ? 
   hmmm , let 's attack some civilians in their refugee camps  hurting them , killing them again and sending them to europe , hoping they would support us from the inside , sounds like a great plan !, 
  i know what eastern europe is , i really do n't get the point of your comment . 
  sorry if i do n't want to write `` poland , lithuania , lettonia and estonia '' every time i am talking about a group of countries which share the same military threat . 
  it 's just a way of saying things without being boring . 
  [ litterally me when i saw half of france listed as occitanian separatists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drhklv2414o ), 
  france would make an example out of catalunya to dissuade briton , corsican and basque independantists to show off . 
  those groups are weak and unlegitimate in the eyes of the local people but gov wants it to stay like this . 
  moreover , you can be sure eastern europe would be against since they already heard too much about a minority wanting to become independant . 
  i just checked the 1951 convention about refugees :  no contracting state shall expel or return ( ` refouler ' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social or political opinion following how `` frontiers '' is interpretated , it can allow or forbid such a move . 
  anyways , it 's doubtful the un refugee agency will be happy with that , and it wo n't solve the problem at all . 
  they came from syria , it wo n't stop all of them to try again . 
  and 3 months after eu would have kicked them , you would have a new refugee crisis . 
  there are two separate problems and bringing a solution to one does n't forbid to bring a solution to the other one . 
  it 's completely obvious that eu has to do something to stop people from leaving syria . 
  but after my facepalm sessions for the libyan post-war period managing by france ( my own country ) and other countries , i have no illusions that they wo n't be able to do anything . 
  but they should . 
  yet we have to solve the situation of refugees that are on the european territory right now . 
  they are completely right , both on legal and on treaties plans . 
  but europe is facing a free-rider dilemna : no one really wants to take care of these refugees , yet we will have to do it . 
  i see only 2 solutions : - the fair one , which is to go over treaties and share the number of refugees , which will upset the visegrad group a lot - the `` chaotical '' one where every country has to deal with their own refugee crisis , trying to use european treaties for their advantage and where european political unity will suffer a lot knowing the strength of the european leadership , i would bet on the second one , and that germany will get most of the refugees . 
  what europe is facing is more complicated than just `` is 100k big ? 
  is 500k big ? '' . 
  first , there is the obvious incoming impact on the european societies , both social and economic . 
  can our societies handle much more poverty and `` desesperate cases '' ? 
  it 's also questioning our welfare politics , since we were very happy with them . 
  they were made to protect eu citizens and help the most tragic situations for the foreigners in europe . 
  but now they are the reason why so many refugees chose europe over an other destination , algeria for example ( which accepts refugees and is a safe country ) . 
  then there is the logistics problem . 
  who is going to deal with the immediate consequences of their presence ? 
  there is the whole legal-bureaucratic mess about who is supposed to do what , from the syrian refugee to the state , through the eu citizen transporting a family through the borders . 
  add to this that a ( presumably small ) part of the migrants do n't have the right to claim asylum in europe because they are coming from safe countries , and you get a huge shitstorm . 
  and then there is the last step , which is the eu cohesion and solidarity is being tested , many countries refusing to take a part of the burden , weakening the political union of europe . 
  of course not  it 's just to compare the scale of the populations involved .
