  the article should have compared the numbers to other countries . 
  the article does n't give the age of the emigrants either . 
  it 's pure guessing , the article is basically saying `` it fits well in our mind so it has to be true '' . 
  the real question is how many people in other countries are leaving too ? 
  the number of people moving from one country to another has increased a lot in the whole world , france is no exception . 
  before crying wolf , it 's better to analyze what is really going on . 
  the whole article gives the impression that americans do n't think before going in war and that they are currently saying : `` holy shit !, 
  the french use their brain and their past experience before going to war !, 
  we could never have thought of this alone ! '' . 
  ( no drama intended ^ c , it 's just a satire of the article ), 
  that 's up to opinions , but i would prefer to see asterix having new comics with new subjects , while still respecting the style , than to put it in a museum . 
  i guess vitalstatistix ( the village chief ) will deny him asylum in the village . 
  sarkozy is the president who made the mistral deal in the first place . 
  then , we need the confirmation for this , and next we have to see what ships we are talking about . 
  if those are coast guard ships or fisher ships , who cares ? 
  i have just read the wikipedia page , there is a part of what you said , but also the idea that those colours were already used in other components of the french state ( blue comes from the marine for example ) . 
  it 's more a mix of influence and of initiative which then had been interpretated as the king with people around ( by the way that does n't make sense since the king would still have been superior to the people ) . 
  it 's not a guy locked in a room who decided to put a white band in the middle of the colours of paris . 
  in 1792 , french cartoonists were in strike so they took the flag of netherlands and put it on the side . 
  [ yay ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=warq6zr7bne ) edit : for those interested in the historical truth , there is no real certified origin of the flag to be this way , just a group of revolutionaries who wanted to reuse some colours because reasons and put them that way, 
  tl ; dr : `` it is not war , it 's pest control ! '', 
  there is no `` american '' wooden houses , only [ chalets ] ( http://chalets.fermesdemarie.com/uploads/image/65/781_121_chalet-chatel-5.jpg ) in the alps . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sodzlshjm6q ) / s, 
  with the risks they took , it 's unlikely they are n't real refugees . 
  1 i do n't read french press a lot , but from what i saw from google news lately , they are more interested in clash between 2 politicians than in serious matters . 
  2 valls have an image of being a man with a hand of steel , but that does n't really mean anything in politics 3 in france , president  minister , president  prime minister , president  god . 
  valls and hollande are from the same party , and even if the government was n't from the same party , the president has the upper hand on decisions . 
  the only scenario to counter balance the power of the president is a legislative warfare from the national assembly . 
  [ a napoleonian flag ] ( http://www.napoleonandglory.com/webroot/orange/shops/e75937a0-576d-11df-a8ed-000d609a287c/4c07/ca68/bd55/990b/3407/0a0a/33d4/5ff7/grenadiers_a_cheval_1804.jpg ) such symetry , feels good . 
  baguette intensified too much . 
  [ relevant too ] ( https://youtu.be/wdqayc1sr7g?t=1m8s ), 
  if uk leaves all eu-related institutions , i will grab my pop-corn because : - [ scotland will push for another referendum and probably become independent ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11666560/brexit-referendum-will-trigger-another-scotland-independence-vote-warns-jp-morgan.html ) - tariffs to france ( only road to continent ) and to netherlands ( most important eu commercial harbours ) will be brought back - it wo n't solve any immigrant problem, 
  schengen does n't apply to refugees . 
  it 's the handling at the political scale by the eu which is faulty at the moment . 
  make your own thereg title :  nuclear reprisals ahead : american babyfoot champion beaten in world cup final by italian competitor, 
  you are either genuinely stupid , a troll or a middle school pupil . 
  to make you understand : un has around 200 members . 
  15 of them are members of the security council of un , among which 5 of them are permanent members . 
  same for nato . 
  france never left nato and always fulfilled its duties as an allie : nato is primarily a diplomatic and military alliance for defense : i scratch your back , you scratch mine . 
  in which there is an integrated military command members can decide to join or not , to improve communications but decrease their control . 
  thanks for confirming what i said . 
  get your facts straight , france never left nato . 
  they left the integrated command center to take back full control on its armies . 
  i am a bit doubtful about the last battles . 
  yeah sure , france took part in some bombings . 
  does that mean they fought in every single battle in iraq ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  french `` managers '' too . 
  france is one of the country with the worst inter-professional communication : employees see their employers as their enemies ... but the employers see the employees as the people they have to abuse as much as possible . 
  there is no such thing as company culture of cooperation in france , it 's all on the balance of power . 
  employers are n't better than the employees , they just look more cool . 
  an example : `` if someone does n't have a rolex at 50 yo , he is a failure . '', 
  in a perfect society , free speech should be total . 
  but we have dumb people , easily manipulated people , uneducated people . 
  and those people can actually be influenced by hate speech and commit crimes . 
  the balance is hard to put , and it will always be contested , but it has to be done to limit the spread of hate and of the feeling of impunity . 
  i remember a debate i had while in college and i killed the opponent debate team ( which was in favor of total free speech ) with one argument : `` why did you agree to set up rules for the discussion ? 
  that 's because you have yourself implicitly admitted that those rules were necessary to have a sane debate . '', 
  and that 's exactly the same for reddit and for the real life . 
  government sees new technologies as a roman would see a car : he would try to use horses to move the car . 
  though they do n't understand anything at it , they understood it 's a new market which is exploding so there are some financial help for the companies and they did n't vote any law against video games . 
  i think americans bind their life with money waaay too much , and sees it as normal while it 's dangerous for themself . 
  for example , having to take a loan to get a diploma forces you to work , whatever happens . 
  you are pushed to think individually to pay your loan and be ready to accept a lot more , while the tax system gives more freedom to europeans . 
  i read too many stories of american citizens who were good workers which family went bankrupt because someone got ill or had an accident . 
  i find this astonishing because us argument is in general : `` if you are poor , that 's your fault . '', 
  until they have an accident and see all the doors closing because of the same argument , but it 's already too late . 
  by the way , a very important distinction to do about freedom : there are 2 types of freedom : the right to do it and the ability to do it . 
  the question is to find the good balance , and , if european model is probably a bit too much in favor of ability , the american model is really , really way too much in favor of the rights , letting your lower class unable to fight back and have a decent life . 
  bombing those more or less pro-western groups could lead nato to increase their help to these groups . 
  nato would be very happy to see the russians stuck in another quagmire . 
  that was a caricatural presentation to show how easily the way history is taught in france can skip over important local events which are necessary to understand the current situation in those places . 
  no need to make a course . 
  you forgot the snow in winter and the breaking investigation in an artisanal factory of chairs . 
   the universal values of the french revolution : liberty , democracy and peace there is a little misconception about french revolution being peaceful . 
  there is such a huge part of french history which is n't taught in french schools . 
  nope . 
  french repression in algeria ( before the war ) and in madagascar ? 
  nope . 
  kanak independentist movement ? 
  nope . 
  second republic ? 
  nope . 
  7 years war ? 
  nope . 
  caricatural french history taught at school : there were greeks , then roman , then we directly jump to 100 years war , one word about crusades , then straight to `` louis xiv is too much badass '' . 
  then revolution depicted only as a big war . 
  then we got fucked during ww1 , then we got fucked in wwii , then we got fucked in indochina , then we got fucked in algeria . 
  then ussr got fucked in 1991 . 
  context ? 
  slight difference ? 
  nobody has time for that !, 
  just to set something clear . 
  islam was n't the main topic in french suburbs . 
  those suburbs were filled in the 60 's with mostly algerian immigrants and few french workers who were working in the booming car factories . 
  there was a very strong influence of communism in those areas . 
  those areas were ok as long as the french economy was booming , which stopped in 70 's . 
  islam was a side-subject , while reject/opposition was based on supposed racism from police , very high unemployment , criminal gangs and drug traffic . 
  islam came back as an important matter in those suburbs in the last years .
