  good job , your rate is now 10 euros for 6 pounds . 
  it 's not an opinion , it 's a fact . 
  hon hon hon hon !, 
  you just made an enemy for life !, 
  we can all agree , in every country in the world , that scots are our natural enemies . 
  when i do such a thing , i only take my computer tower and then grab what i can locally for the rest of the hardware ( taking the monitor of another unused computer , taking a spare keyboard and such ) . 
  though you are going to an azerty master race country , so either you adapt to the local keyboard or find a shop which sells qwerty keyboards . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2mvj6ldmv0 without a doubt . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reims_cathedral that 's where , around 496 , clovis i , king of the franks , converted to christianism , giving him the support of both the christian clergy and the support/tolerance of different people of what is known today as france . 
  yay , finally , we are higher than the germans in at least 1 list . 
  a day to remember . 
  this is the potential scenario i imagine to be the most possible , which ends in a latent/low-intensity civil war in france in 7 years . 
  2017 national elections : - ump being basically a party made for sarkozy , he is their candidate - marine le pen obviously for the fn - the socialist party , worried by the reputation of fran\u00e7ois hollande and mimicking the 2012 national elections , chooses an outsider to be their candidate ( valls/hamont/aubry / montebourg ) the presidential elections give access to the second turn only to the 2 best , but those candidates all have around 28 % intention of votes . 
  left and center are forced to strategically vote for the socialist candidate in the first round ( otherwise , they could see a sarkozy-mlp duel , which would be like chosing between the plague and the cholera for a leftist ) . 
  due to that , the socialist candidate gets a free ticket for the second turn . 
  mlp , with its growing popularity and `` normalification '' gets hers too . 
  socialist vs mlp , the republican pact plays and give a majority of around 60 % to the socialist party ( with the highest score for the fn ever had during presidential ) . 
  it 's crystal clear that the ump ( right ) wo n't be able to win any major elections in the upcoming decades . 
  it soon explodes . 
  after 2017 : french politics becomes a duel between the fn and the ps . 
  fn propaganda grows and specifically targets the ps . 
  tensions increase between extreme-right and republicans . 
  anti-parlementarism grows . 
  2022 national elections : after their second defeat against the ps , fn supporters understand that they ca n't take control of the country out of the hands of the socialists . 
  extremists groups ( at the right of the fn ) , thinking they have enough popular support , begin armed guerilla . 
  still a lot of questions and hypothesis : will the left and center be wise in 2017 ? 
  i expect m\u00e9lenchon ( far left ) to call to not vote for the socialists , but what about bayrou ( center ) and the green party ? 
  will mlp really reach the second turn in 2017 ? 
  it 's really possible , but not completely sure . 
  would it be 10 guys in their countryside house or thousands of militiamen ? 
  what would be the reaction of the fn ? 
  i do n't see the fn leadership as a warmongering club , but they could lose control of their supporters . 
  france : mathematics . 
  the french school of mathematics is one of the last old french traditions which is still efficient and relevant nowadays . 
  right : developing countries . 
  wrong : earning legitimacy . 
  from what i read , french airforce put out of service water and power in raqqa . 
  not a single casuality reported . 
  they would flee with the civilians . 
  you would bomb empty buildings . 
  what i do n't understand is why we do n't already have used nukes . 
  nukes are meant to detter any attack on the country . 
  if we do n't use them , they are useless as detterence . 
  moreover , yes , they will kill a shitload of civilians , but that 's what nukes do . 
  if you are too afraid of killing civilians with nukes , why have them in the first place ? 
  real reason ( agreed by security experts ) is that france is the european country the most engaged against terrorism : mali , libya ( operation barkhane ) , syria , irak . 
  sure , having a large non-integrated arabic-muslim minority ( though it 's below 5 % , plus you have to remove the well integrated ones ) surely helped to find supporters but it did n't motivate the attacks . 
  probably not original choice but more original fact : napol\u00e9on : when sent back to elba , he is smuggled back to mainland france , where supporters join him . 
  an army is sent to stop them . 
  the whole army joined napol\u00e9on . 
  our galaxy - marseille, 
  take whisky if you do n't like vodka . 
  read my previous comment and then the title of the article . 
  small country + apple maps + vodka = ??? 
  ( / s , due to contract with my insurance company ), 
  same here . 
  did you learn the history of algeria on fox news ? 
  france has commited crimes in algeria , but nothing we can call francification . 
  islam was n't forbidden , french even tried to control it . 
  arabic language was n't forbidden . 
  their was a specific code for the algerian-born inhabitants , while it was an humiliating and discriminating code , its purpose was n't to remove algerians from algeria . 
  never heard of francification . 
  if it had happen , well , in france , we would all speak a sort of germanic language and throwing axes would be our national sport . 
   the best protection against europe-scale efforts to ram it down our collective throats is to kill the eu . 
  on national scale it 's easier to resist . 
  because states alone are soooo effective to stop fiscal paradises , social competition and fight against terrorism . 
  learn to read . 
  vegetarian meal is n't a religious meal . 
   which means it would infringe on everyone 's right to religious freedom if halal meat was served . 
  when i get in a church and cover my head , that does n't make me a christian . 
  if you do n't believe in allah but in god , jehovah or whatever , then halal meat is ... just meat . 
  the only question being if it 's eatable or not . 
  i already ate halal food and that did n't kill me . 
  in france , we have an expression for what the nationalists are doing at the moment : `` enculer des mouches '' ( to anal fuck flies ie trying to solve a problem which does n't exist ) . 
  the most important is that everyone gets what they want in the limits of the logistical possible . 
  the widely used solution is a vegetarian meal for everyone who ca n't take the main menu . 
  children do n't care that their friend takes another meal . 
  but somehow , some illuminated took the principle of la\u00efcit\u00e9 , interpretated in an extremist way , to piss off muslim ** children ** . 
  seriously ? 
  that does n't make sense on a military level . 
  france is the only country in europe with a nearly complete armament industries ( heavy tanks , airfighters , artillery , guns , ... ) . 
  france and uk are arguably the best armies in ue , with my chauvinistic opinion going for france . 
  the french army performed a perfect operation in a desert as big as france in some months , while being below the 2 % gdp funding nato standard . 
  i do n't denigrate the german army , and i am against this idea of countries giving up their armies , but it sounds completely arbitrary to give all credits to the german army while other countries proved to be very efficient on the ground . 
  i think state-nations are overrated . 
  the only question which should matter in a state is n't the culture but the rights and duties that the state give to its citizens . 
  dividing peoples between states competing with each other for their national interest only make them weaker . 
  edit : creating a world state should be the objective of every people on earth . 
  sorry to hear that : / it has to be very difficult on a day-to-day basis . 
  it 's a long story . 
  air france is in trouble for a while now . 
  some years ago , employees agreed to a cut in their salaries in a plan to help the company . 
  but apparently , it has n't been enough . 
  ceo scheduled another social plan to increase the profitability of the company ( by firing several hundreds of people ) . 
  in the same time , they increased their own salary by around 10 % . 
  now imagine you are an employee and your ceo comes to wave his dick at you while saying `` fuck you , we are firing you '' and in the same time saying `` it 's for the good of the company '' . 
  well you have this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxzcuox0cbu in france , in general , there is no employer-employee trust , often , employers are n't better than the employees . 
  what the article does n't say about this number : it 's the total number of people emigrating from france , even foreigners . 
  it counts the foreign students going back to their countries ( like italians or moroccans ) , illegal immigrants being sent back to their countries . 
  also , with the globalization , the number of people leaving their countries has increased in the whole world .
