  in short , the state is the bully who has the right to do whatever he wants on his territory . 
  it 's the institution which decides what is legitimate and what is n't . 
  good thing we live in europe and not in other countries . 
  the state said that you have to follow the laws it put in place ( through indirect democracy in our situation ) . 
  whoever breaks these rules is illegitimate . 
  but i do n't think it answers the question : should people act against the refugees ? 
  the answer is obviously no : it 's fundamentaly immorale to hurt people for who they are and not what they did . 
  and by the way , check your facts : we are talking so far of 1 million refugees at most . 
   the population , who act out ? 
  the state has by definition the use of legitimate violence . 
  a bunch of people trying to kill refugees `` for justice '' are just criminals . 
  and , as far as i know , germany is still a democracy . 
  i do n't like using the word terrorism , but i am pretty sure trying to burn people for who they are is terrorism . 
  this type of calls will always remind me the ( numerous ) times isis called all muslim french to kill people in the streets . 
  the only impact it had is that now they have french aircraft bombing them in syria . 
  not sure if troll , over naive teenager or nationalist retard . 
  he is n't pm , he is president , pm ( manuel valls ) is a weaker role in france , 
  sorry , i am trying to stay polite on iraq , but this is a complete bullshit point . 
  like imposing a different government at the cost of hundreds of thousands of lives was legitimate and morale . 
  yes , blame the iraqis for you invading iraq . 
  many americans and british just ca n't assume their opinion went full retard in 2003 . 
  hum hum ... 
  i knew there was something to find . 
  memri only translates the worst of the arabic medias . 
  just check the other videos . 
  it 's depicted by a former cia agent as a propaganda machine from the far right wing of the likoud . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_east_media_research_institute#accusations_of_bias edit : i forgot that downvoting anything backed with source was considered as normal here on / r/europe . 
  swimsuit ? 
  checked . 
  board ? 
  checked . 
  depths of the reddit downvotes , here i am !, 
  weeeeeeeee ... edit of the edit : the votes battle is raging !, 
  downvotes and upvotes are battling for the karma of this comment !, 
  it 's now back to 1 upvote . 
  who will prevail ? 
  before anyone jumps to conclusions , it might be a misunderstanding ( like the girl who thought the guy with his bandana , work clothes and tool was a dangerous terrorist with a weapon ) . 
  i do n't want to be the guy in charge of the security at the moment . 
  deploy many policemen to find it was just a refugee trying to hide or do nothing and let many people die ? 
  i came here expecting an image of polish clich\u00e9s on other countries . 
  i was disappointed :(, 
  the founders of moderner europe thought that having an economical union would bring the states closer and push them to make european policies in their own interest . 
  ultimately , the goal was to have something like use . 
  but in politics and history , logic is thrown out the window most of the time . 
  and internal politics and national egoism led to this situation . 
  or hello harry !, 
  there is no word in latin for rocket science , i am pretty sure latin is obsolete ( though television , cars , space station and internet could be translated in latin ) . 
  well , i had to go back to antiquity to find one word which was n't translated . 
  i read an article about this rumor . 
  the journalist followed the root until the source . 
  it comes from a council of cheik who wanted to build more mosques in germany and asked financial help from saudis , at the condition that germany accepts . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.courrierinternational.com/article/refugies-deux-cents-mosquees-saoudiennes-en-allemagne-intox ), 
  that 's history unfolding . 
  now there are hundreds of thousands more refugees on the roads to germany . 
  in good or bad , this sudden wave of refugees is going to change the european society we know in bad or good for the next century ( or 2 ) . 
  between the eu which could split , the far rights rising and the new comers , anyone claiming he knows what will happen in the next years is a liar . 
  ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/aff4ryyiacuo4/giphy.gif ) ( i do n't care if it 's against the rules , you made me really laugh ), 
  yes , because you , as a reddit warrior , obviously know a lot more about the french public educational system that people who spent 18 years of their life in it . 
  there is a difference between teaching a language ( ability to communicate and be understood with it ) and teaching litterature ( using it to make art ) , which is often mistaken . 
  we could teach foreign litterature without denying french as a language . 
  and then , it 's not because few foreign writers are cited that they are described and shown as important . 
  the whole question is about what is the legitimate culture , and in france , the legitimate culture incorporates very few foreigners ( like agatha christie , but i am not sure about conan doyle ) . 
  it allows what we call sub-cultures in sociology to accept some foreigner artists . 
  still the legitimate culture is a self-centered fortress . 
  on one hand , english is the lingua franca of the world . 
  on the other hand , it 's a simpler and poorer english which is used . 
  so let 's speak english while i appr\u00e9cie my ros\u00e9 cuv\u00e9e 1998 produced in a ch\u00e2teau :p, 
  we mostly use specialized forums : doctissimo ( health ) , comment\u00e7amarche ( computer science ) , jeuxvideo.com ( video games ) . 
  le figaro and lib\u00e9ration are weekly magazines . 
  but you would prefer [ le point ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/ ) or [ le monde ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/ ) known for its work with whistleblowers . 
  the last one i can speak of is [ mediapart ] ( http://www.mediapart.fr/ ) famous for investigating many serious political affairs but it 's fully reserved for members ( you have to pay ) . 
  at best , for reddit-like site , there is / r/france we mostly use specialized forums : doctissimo ( health ) , comment\u00e7amarche ( computer science ) , jeuxvideo.com ( video games ) . 
  the best would be to read some newspapers : [ le figaro ( right wing ) ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/ ) and [ lib\u00e9ration ( more left wing ) ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/ ) . 
  2 high quality newspapers : [ le figaro ( right wing ) ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/ ) and [ lib\u00e9ration ( more left wing ) ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/ ) do not read the blogs , most of them are low quality content . 
  yes , blame me for the program being exclusively centered on french writers . 
  i was pointing a fact about politics and organization with my hand and you thought i was talking about my finger . 
  french has its own autonomous french-speaking internet community ( many youtubers , legorafi = theonion , jeuxvideo.com , ... ) . 
  it 's not really needed to go on english-speaking websites to enjoy internet services . 
  so the french you see on reddit are french who actively want to know more about foreigners . 
  in the end , the more time you spend on english-speaking websites , the more you see that france is living in its own cultural bubble . 
  truely , the first time i heard about a famous foreign writer , it was poe , in an american serie , not at school . 
  from other stories , the captain looks like someone who wants to go to europe but is actually paid to be the captain . 
  the big boss of the human traffickers stays on the shore to organize next smuggling . 
  france 's gdp just dropped of 3 % :(, 
  simply because this is not true :  quota system can not work , they will move within the eu just as easily as they move now to their chosen dream countries because there are no border controls inside schengen . 
  non-eu citizens would still be considered as foreigners in other eu countries . 
  they would have to ask for the refugee status in the country in which they want to settle but ... 99 % probability they will be kicked since they will have already a refugee status in europe . 
  the quota solution is about managing the stock of refugees while we need to bring a solution for the flow of refugees but they are n't exclusive of each other . 
  i still think a quota system would be the best solution but the way they are trying to force other countries to accept it without the backing of any treaty is awful . 
  they should let it go for this wave , and then negotiate a proper treaty in case another refugee wave comes ( and it will ) . 
  the nimby effect is strong in this one . 
  the fact is , they do n't want to come to norway . 
  they want to go to germany . 
  but eu wants to relocate them in norway against their will . 
  so you will probably have to welcome refugees and do it the best way possible in your own interest . 
  because refugees have to find jobs too , they do n't wait years doing nothing . 
  or maybe norwegians grant so good subsidies that refugees do n't need to work to live comfortably . 
  yep , because sending refugees to a 2642 inhabitants island which economy rely on research and coal mining is the best way to assimilate people . 
  do people realize what it means for a refugee to live in an underpopulated island in the middle of the artic ocean ? 
  where are the opportunities ?
