  before the migrant crisis , i was in favor of a more open policy towards immigration . 
  but knowing that europe has 600 millions inhabitants and we are talking about 4 billions potential climate refugees makes me a bit uncomfortable . 
  i am not that optimistic about africa being able to use its ariable land . 
  they are n't able , for various reasons ( poverty in the ariable areas , wars ) , to use them now . 
  why would they be able later ? 
  moreover , it requires capital , politics , qualified manpower and infrastructure to fully develop an agro-industry , and all of this takes a lot of time to be built . 
   that 's what happens when the competitive industries are forced to keep zombie farms on life-support . 
  i did n't know offer politics could create unemployment . 
   would you like to explain to me how everyday life negates supply and demand dynamics ? 
  we are not talking about supply and demand dynamics of food , i am talking about the job market . 
  or more precisely about the job markets . 
  it 's not a magical area where a farmer instantly becomes a garagist when a garagist is needed . 
  there are a lot of studies about it . 
  an example : les march\u00e9s du travail en europe , ires 2000 i was about to make a course about the job markets , about the balance work/leisure , about the reservation salary , but i do n't have the time for this . 
  it 's not because someone is supposed to do something in an economic theory that he is an asshole because he is n't doing it . 
  that 's just that the economy theory which is supposed to be a model for most situations has a flaw on this one . 
  in a country which has officially 10,5 % unemployment ( actual stats are a little bit higher since it only counts people still in the national job agency ) and where without the right diploma you ca n't do much . 
  there is a huge gap between economy theories and everyday life . 
  what do you prefer : paying someone to do nothing or paying someone to produce something ? 
  french farmers issue is a structural economy issue . 
  on one hand , you have farmers living in a highly developped country , with taxes and high social protections . 
  do not think they are backwards , they are technologically up to date , but we do n't do massive industrial exploitation like in america . 
  on the other hand , you have the european free market and its competitors from eastern europe with lower salaries and lower prices . 
  and europe is forbidding any subsidies from the government to the french farmers . 
  in the end , most of the french farmers sell their production below what it costed them to produce it . 
  most of the farms are highly in debts . 
  and many farmers commit suicide every year . 
  it 's not as simple as `` stop relying exclusively on the state '' . 
  what should be done is a european-wide social standardization and a faster economical catching up from eastern europe . 
  you had one job , erdowahn , one job : to ignore it . 
  you ca n't ask real refugees to leave their countries in a legal way . 
  they will do whatever is necessary to leave the country where their life is in danger and their government threatens them , including illegal smuggling , forging legal docs and so . 
  imagine this scene : '' hi , i am here to leave the country - reason ? 
  - becoming a refugee in a foreign country . 
  - how about no ? 
  demand denied , and here comes the police . 
  - oh no , i ca n't leave the country , i should better wait for the police . '', 
  hopefully no one gets hurt . 
  we could buy oil directly from daesh / s, 
  some people might be offended by a tree :( blur out the whole photo please . 
  [ this is fine ] ( http://images.performgroup.com/di/library/sporting_news/12/66/this-is-fine-dog-embed_c1wcflsukty01jr4jtcy11rrx.jpg ), 
  if it 's not a conspiracy theory article , i do n't know what it is . 
  for information , it 's the same guy that made the speech at the un against the invasion of iraq in 2003 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mj_1hwqsz6i edit : by the way , i disagree with him on this , thousands of fighters went from europe to isis , not the other way around . 
  the best solution would be to bring a social solution and dismantle the propaganda machine of the islamists at home . 
  violations of individual rights on a massive scale obviously . 
  extra-judicial arrests and jailing . 
  torture and executions if things are really bad . 
  like i said , it would be better not to have to reach this point , but at this rate , we will have to make a choice about what we really want . 
  it 's not about invading a country * facepalm * it 's about taming a guerilla digged in a city . 
  thinking you can only run around like defenseless poultry is wrong . 
  it 's possible to beat an enemy , but only if you are willing to pay the price for it . 
  europe can use force to defend itself . 
  hopefully we do n't have to use it to solve the problem , but it 's quite unlikely with such an enemy . 
  welcome to 21th century europe * / cringe * 11 dead according to figaro . 
  can confirm . 
  and the only street in france is champs-elys\u00e9es . 
  all 67 millions french live there . 
   to such an extent that the distinction between the foreign culture and the native culture disappears . 
  it reminds me of a country which invaders pretty much only left their name . 
  assimilaaaaaate, 
  yeah sorry , i put a light bulb this winter because i wanted to know what i was cooking for lunch . 
  if it 's an assassination , it 's the worst way of killing someone for the current times . 
  now all the europeans media are talking about it and german police has an obvious interest in solving this case as fast as possible . 
  it could also be a bomb that was prepared for a terrorist attack or a bank attack and exploded earlier by accident . 
  it already happened in the context of the corsican terrorism . 
  on the same tone , with the fertility rate dropping everywhere in europe except in france and ireland , that could be quite a twist to see 21st and 22nd centuries with an europe under france influence ( which i can quite imagine for other reasons ) . 
  it 's wrong . 
  the first column is the number of nn tested for all illness . 
  the second one is the number of nn tested to the drepanocytose illness . 
  the percentages in the third column ( which are the ones displayed on the map ) show how many newborns were tested about drepanocytose among the tested newborns . 
  edit : i just understood what you meant , but it 's still as much silly . 
  because the tested population for those diseases does n't represent the whole population . 
  edit2 : i have found nowhere how they were selecting their newborn for their tests , so the burden of the proof of your claim is on you . 
  they could have tested indiscriminately for all what we know . 
  another popular explanation is that france did its demographic transition earlier and slower than other european countries . 
  when the demographic transition kicked in england and germany , accompanied by its population boom , it was already mostly done in france . 
  it 's kinda relevant to see france as the slow man of europe : slow in demographic transition , slow in crisis , slow in boom , even today france has n't followed the fertility rate of the rest of europe and is still around 2 , making it one of the highest . 
  his doc shows stats about drepanocytose , which is supposedly exclusively linked to non-europeans populations . 
  i dig out the source : page 66 of http://www.afdphe.org/sites/default/files/bilan_afdphe_2014.pdf ( french ) . 
  the percentage is about how many people in their prospect were tested about drepanocytose . 
  the stats on the rights states at best 1/353 tested babies in mainland france ( in bourgogne , which is a rather rural region ) had a positive result . 
  but you could have seen the stats were false anyways : non-europeans populations do n't have a 100 % rate of drepanocytose so having a 70 % rate in paris region was really dubious . 
  it 's not even that the doc is forged , it 's just completely irrelevant . 
  it plays an irrelevant role . 
  they are n't enough immigrant women to counter-balance the fertility rate of native women and even the fertility rate of immigrant women is way closer to the one of native women . 
  source [ french ] : https://www.ined.fr/fichier/s_rubrique/18778/pop_et_soc_francais_397.fr.pdf, 
  africa is huge . 
  ivory coast is n't known to be affected by jihadism or even religious extremism . 
  but now it looks like it 's the case . 
  edit : aqmi claimed the attack ( which implies it was ordered from the middle east ) , so it could have happened nearly everywhere in the world as long as the nuts from aqmi thought it was justified . 
  in france , it 's called the baby boom , but it quickly stopped . 
  then you can see we now are even lower than before wwi , but people die way less . 
  still there is a relevant gap between french and german birth rate . 
  my phd in demographics from internet university allows me to say it 's because of the french family policies ( welfare money + a shit ton of useful tricks ) . 
  nobody : - you give me 10 euros and i give you 5 pounds - nah , mate , i do n't want to deal anymore in pounds , brexit sucks . 
  - then i give you 6 pounds ? 
  - i think pounds is over , i quit . 
  - hey me !, 
  this rate looks ok for me !, 
  deal !,
