during an operation , french army wo n't help any reporters to do their job ( but they wo n't stop them either ) but will have their own cameramen and footage . 
  when they think the operation is over , they will release full footage and full information . 
  it takes some months . 
  what i really do n't get , it 's that when spain needs financial help , one of the reasons catalans give for the independence is to stop the tax transfer to spain , to have more money for themself . 
  and then , they want to be in the european union . 
  so basically , catalans are expecting to have everything : no problem with spain , funds and cooperation from ue and all the money . 
  if they leave spain , spain will most probably face a huge economical crisis which would instantly hit catalonia ( 45 % of catalonian `` exports '' go to spain ) . 
  and badly hurt the ue , with a possible domino effect ( spanish gdp is 5 times bigger than the greek one ) . 
  strikes , the french economical weapons of mass destruction . 
  there was an incredibly developped society , with high culture and no need to work , a perfect health . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_age and no , i do n't believe it 's true . 
  it 's just fun to see what one of the first written civilization thought of what was before them . 
  he is writing a secret book with the first letter of each thread he removed from / r/europe . 
  the myth says the book gives the date of the end of the world . 
  i do n't think we can judge the quality of the intellectual of nowadays . 
  many intellectual were shadowy characters in their times , only known from a few people at the top of the society . 
  can you name any american or chinese intellectual alive and active ? 
  only time will tell us what will be left from the intellectual works of today . 
  not really related . 
  it 's more about science . 
  and in science : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fields_medal and 60 is pretty decent by the way . 
  link which ends by highlighting the fact he ca n't be held for the guy who triggered the wars . 
  we could n't do any jokes about the shape of scandinavia . 
  socks , of course socks , you have a dirty mind !, 
  more likely france , germany and uk would n't have existed as countries . 
  france i am hesitating between the black plague ( rip 33 % population ) and the hundred years war ( fuck azincourt , but we got our revenge !, 
  i think it has more links with saudi arabia than it seems . 
  mistral are meant to transport troops , choppers , hospitals and a command unit . 
  you know , exactly what you need for an invasion . 
  the thing is , iran would never tolerate sa having such ships because it would destabilize the balance of power between the 2 countries . 
  so egypt , which is an ally of sa and is partially funded by sa , can buy those mistral for future sa-led operations . 
  putin very happy . 
  he got refunded and he has a new potential client for his choppers since the 2 mistrals are at russian military norms . 
  maybe not in your book , but in the 1951 convention on the refugees , yes . 
  by the way , i am curious , deported where ? 
  in his home country which has been destroyed ( where no country wants to go anyways ) ? 
  in the first country where he landed ? 
  oh wait , how do you know what was his first country ? 
  black magic ? 
  ok , i should have been more clear because i thought you already knew about that : you are in munich train station . 
  a guy speaking only arabic comes out of the train . 
  obviously , he does n't have any visa . 
  how do you know if his family was killed during an air bombing on alep or if he is a liar from jordan ? 
  answer : you ca n't until he went through the whole paperwork and investigation process . 
  you are implying that governements can do stuff as separating illegitimate immigrants and refugees while it 's nearly impossible . 
  the world is n't a simple black and white world . 
  and by the way , i am not saying people are conflating refugees and illegal immigrants . 
  it 's a fact that most refugees are illegal immigrants . 
   you can have refugee applicants without opening your borders to illegal immigrants . 
  yes , it 's possible . 
  but that 's not what is happening in the real world . 
  refugees are horrible people who do n't care about doing proper organized administrative stuff and prefer to run for their lifes . 
  my point is that by promoting a full scale illegal immigrants witch hunt is going to hurt people who actually are legitimate refugees . 
  actually the policemen did n't come to annoy the migrants but to remove illegal camps . 
  there is a legal camp called `` new jungle '' while the police destroys every illegal camps around the city to relocate them to the `` new jungle '' . 
  governements do n't have magic glasses to know who is a refugee and who is n't . 
  a person who entered illegally in the territory can be a refugee or an economic migrant . 
  a refugee is a person who went through the whole paperwork and has been granted the status of refugee . 
  keep that in mind when official stats speak about refugees and illegal immigrants . 
  i hate being a parrot . 
  problem is , when you are a true refugee , you do n't spend time doing paperwork to get in a new country . 
  you find the first way out of your country and you get illegaly into another country . 
  by definition , most future refugees ( since you become a refugee when the country officially states so ) are illegal immigrants . 
  saying `` i am okay with refugees but i do n't want any illegal immigrants '' is like saying `` i like when it snows but i bloody hate clouds '' . 
  seriously ? 
  seriously ??? 
  when merkel said she was welcoming the syrian refugees , i thought she knew what she was doing and that germany had ressources other european countries did n't have . 
  then germany closed their borders . 
  and now she is asking for help ? 
  assume what you said !, 
  while morocco is way more moderate than most muslims countries , as far as i know , they still have a very religious society ( drink during ramadan  fine/jail , do n't claim you are atheist but christian , qu ` ran is the most common book ) . 
  it can surely improve the situation , but it is n't ze solution . 
  if it was 1 year of unemployment , i would agree . 
  but they are in europe for what , 2 weeks max , in the middle of the biggest refugee crisis europe faced since 1945 . 
  they finally understood what `` refugees '' mean . 
  [ do n't tell me what to do !, 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/11/19/muslim-man-in-france-seeks-to-open-mosque-for-gays_n_2161072.html ), 
  there is also a very important difference : uk accepts to make votes about independence . 
  well , not for ireland decades ago , but it did one for scotland lately , so even northern ireland independentists do n't have to fight to achieve their goal . 
  there is so much pressure to build mosques because the french muslim cult council gives votes to each muslim organization proportionally to their surface of mosques . 
  more mosques = more votes . 
  that 's dumb as hell . 
  worst , i am from marseille , 20 % unemployment , gate of the east in france , more comorrians than in comorres , with a project of great mosque . 
  the nightmare of the far right . 
  and i love this city . 
  why ? 
  because i live there , i meet this `` vermin '' everyday that i call people , i have muslim friends who explained me islam , and actually it 's a very nice city to live in . 
  it might lack a bit of historical monuments but that 's another story . 
  but of course , enforcing clich\u00e9s is waaay more important than to live happy in a peaceful neighborhood . 
  eureka , i understand the `` instigate a civil war '' and `` invaders '' clich\u00e9s from the extremists . 
  they probably lack of leisure , series and sf series , so they create their own fictions . 
  fictions in which foreigners have psychic powers and an hive mind . 
  most of the time , i try to answer to stupid comments , but this conspiracy comment is beyond stupidity . 
  i do n't know for you , but actually i read 1984 . 
  the logic backed by the governement in this book is that `` weak is strong , war is peace '' . 
  what you are doing ( trying to prove that hurting someone against every laws is good ) is exactly 1984 logic : `` being bad is good '' . 
  whenever you use `` subjective '' or `` relative '' in a reasoning , you can be pretty sure your reasoning is going downhill . 
  it 's just a piece of advice if you have to dissert at school or in the rest of your life . 
  legitimate as nothing to do with the good of the society . 
  read machiavel ( the prince ) and rousseau ( le contrat social ) to know what a state is basically .
