haha fair enough , i am too , at least in terms of nationalites and birth places . 
  wait you 're chinese ? 
  do you live in macau or something ? 
  i always assumed you were a luso-franc\u00eas . 
  going by history british values include treating people who are n't white as lesser civilians and committing many atrocities . 
  or are british values only the ones that you like ? 
  lithuania has dolphins ? 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  almost every nation requires at least 5 years . 
  spain being the exception for latin americans i believe , requiring only 2 . 
  so it 's a long commitment to spend 5 or more years and adapt to a culture and learn a language to just uproot that the second you get a passport . 
  most people would prefer to stay once they settled . 
  lived in portugal almost all my life but going to move to australia for university in the start of 2015 ? 
  and you ? 
  do you live in portugal or australia ? 
  it 's always good to meet half portuguese , half anglophones . 
  not that many of us . 
  great post mate . 
  i 'm stupid, 
  since when is corfu in portugal ? 
  that snow looks great . 
  where is this ? 
  do you know if it 's any good ? 
  you do n't have a right to any product that is solely for personal consumption . 
  if you ca n't afford it tough luck mate , i ca n't afford lambourghini 's but i 'm not gon na bitch about them being expensive . 
  companies charge what they want and they have every right to . 
  as a percentage of the budget though i believe russia spends more than the us on military . 
  from personal experience people in portugal speak english better than in people from spain in general . 
  i 'm very surprised that portugal is so low , but that would probably be due to older people . 
  almost everyone under 25 can hold basic conversation and many will be able to actually have a decent discussion with someone in english . 
  welcome to europe, 
  the further north you are the longer the days are in summer , not as warm but longer . 
  fair enough i was wrong on that aspect . 
  i mainly responded because he was being sarcastic about floods and stuff in italy when they do have to deal with quite a lot of `` survivors '' and refugees . 
  dude italy has to deal with a lot of people who try to illegally immigrate and almost die due to boats being in terrible conditions . 
  it 'll increase their spending in that category over almost any nation . 
  ok thanks for the answer . 
  i was n't sure as the reference of the reference was phrased differently , and is a quote i find quite powerful so i notice it almost always . 
  this is off topic but would n't your flair be more correct if it said monarchia delenda est ? 
  i think the original phrase was cathargo delenda est. 
  i really like the flair by the way , love references in latin to the romans . 
  i was expecting faulty towers when i saw your comment , another great show . 
  the 2001 census said that around 58 % of the crimean population is russian and that trend had been decreasing ever since the 60s . 
  it 's more likely to be at approximately 55 % today , rather than the 80 % you say . 
  where do you get that number ? 
  cycling is very popular in portugal , one of the biggest sports here but for main mode of transport it would be quite difficult to cycle around lisbon , unless you exclusively travelled near the river , in which case the train would probably be better . 
  interesting to see that the netherlands , belgium and denmark have high cycling rates , probably due to their geography . 
  seeing as the major portuguese cities are all very hilly it becomes a lot harder to cycle . 
  the opinions of approximately 42 % of the population would n't have i imagine . 
  i doubt any of the ukranians or tatars would vote to join russia and many russians there also wish to remain a part of the ukraine . 
  furthermore many do n't want independence as they fear becoming too influenced by the russians and what they view as a regime who would n't act in their interests . 
  then crimea should stay a part of ukraine following polls in 2009 from nat geo and polls in 2011 by another source , which i can not quite remember . 
  they 'll hold a referendum in 10 days which will see what the current opinion is , but i doubt it will be a purely transparent affair . 
  he 's talking about the people living in crimea that are ukranian nationalists , and there are a fair few of them . 
  and some parts of portugal , more common in the slightly rural hotels in the algarve and alentejo . 
  the language at the french/spanish border is catalan and not occitan right ? 
  edit : forget that , i just realised you can mouse over the translations and it tells you the language . 
  catalan indeed . 
  north american plate is a completely separate one from the pacific plate . 
  anyway that aside . 
  the successor to the ottomans was turkey and as the capital is european and they spent hundreds of years affecting european history with a large base of the population in europe , even now , it is fair to consider it a part of europe . 
  this is for the country in itself . 
  russia is considered part of europe for example despite large swathes of land in asia , i think turkey would be in a similar situation , in which they should be considered both european and asian . 
  i think that the idea of asia in itself is n't very useful seeing as the differences between central , east , south - east and western asia are so great that simply calling something asian is not a useful description at all . 
  definitions of continents vary , there is definitely correlation between tectonic plates and continents . 
  that 's a major difference between europe and north america seeing as culturally they 're from the same base pretty much . 
  just like the united states and canada right ? 
  what distinction do you make there seeing as the vast majority of it 's population comes from europeans who sailed there originally . 
  japan is n't a part of the north american tectonic plate , a continent can have multiple plates , but a plate harbouring multiple continents makes little sense . 
  again iceland is closer to greenland , that is considered part of north america , than it is to europe and so there is that argument . 
  not that i do n't think iceland is n't european but i think to call turkey not european is stupid . 
  geographically it is closer to europe in terms of tectonics and distance than iceland is and historically turkey , or it 's predecessors the ottomans , have had european presence for hundreds of years , all the way up to the dalmatian coast and borders with austria-hungary . 
  [ half of iceland is on a different tectonic plate ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/iceland_mid-atlantic_ridge_fig16.gif ) . 
  in terms of population iceland has it 's 3 largest cities on the western side , those alone counting for over half the population , so you can see that there is a large percentage of the population not living in europe . 
  turkey 's 2 % of europe includes istanbul which is approximately 20 % of the population , as well as other cities . 
  not as simple as you make it seem . 
  16 million is n't tiny , it might not be huge but it 's bigger than many european countries . 
  word of warning , life in alentejo is very slow . 
  even in evora , the biggest city , it 's definitely slow compared to any decently sized city . 
  it also gets very hot in the summer but it 's a very nice place to live . 
  i personally prefer to spend a week or two there when i just need to unwind and not do much . 
  i 'd probably suggest lisbon in portugal if you like city life and the sun . 
  only porto can compare in terms of size and lisbon has better weather and generally more events going on as well . 
  but we have a term for that already . 
  social democrats . 
  it 's considered communist by people who go by the fact that there has n't been a revolution to change the chinese system but a gradual and slow transition into a much more capitalist system . 
  this is n't even necessarily contradictory to communism as many communists , including karl marx himself , believed that capitalism was a necessary step to allow for communism to be implemented . 
  i 'm not sure what the motivations of the reformist policies of deng xiaoping , which caused a split with other maoist hoxha from albania , were as it is n't my field , but china has definitely transitioned away from what is typically defined as communist . 
  no because if that represents any system it represents a form of state capitalism , as seen in china . 
  portugal has a big history of using metaphors to bypass censors . 
  look up zeca afonso and his music . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/closed_city it 's a really interesting article , i spent heaps of time just reading about all the closed cities . 
  tomsk , perm , vladivostok and nizhny novgorod are probably the most famous former closed cities and there 's still heaps of cities currently closed off to visitors without permits in russia . 
  what about catalunya , basques , galicians in spain ? 
  spanish is n't even the dominant language in these regions . 
  would n't they have an equal claim ? 
  we got a 4 , 5 and 6 in different kayaking events , 5 in triple jump , won our football group undefeated but somehow got germany straight in the quarter finals , our 2 best female marathon runners got injured and since our 3rd best got like 11 they would 've been in with a shout , 5th in men 's triathlon , 10th in cycling road race and 7th in the time trials . 
  basically we got pretty close in a lot of events but could n't make the podium . 
  not fascist but it was a far right traditionalist , nationalist and autocratic regime . 
  close enough really .
