  makes you sound like an old communist . 
  i personally thought there was no discernible taste difference in mexican and american coke . 
  bombing them would create so many more refugees , close of all forms of assistance from north africa and violate all forms of international law . 
  it 's expensive , worsens the problem , inhumane and completely impractical . 
  this suggestion is so stupid i 'm actually concerned about your mental health . 
  mate calling western europe a sharia haven is not an argument worth dignifying with a legitimate response . 
  do n't spout a mound of shit and then get upset when no one approaches it seriously . 
  putin is much more of a czar than a soviet leader dude . 
  while i do think the holodomor was largely the result of the soviets the memories of your relatives is not something which will determine objective truth over such a large issue . 
  i 'm sorry they had to suffer it though . 
  til agreeing to terms and conditions and then having them enforced is a terrible thing . 
  all this sharia law were seeing in wessrn europe . 
  apart from the fact that western europe is still far more liberal and friendly towards lgbt than eastern europe . 
  but no , shakira is going to force us all into hipjabs . 
  no shit , they 're the ones capable of making the risky trip and surviving alone in a foreign country with very little support . 
  if they establish themselves then the family follows . 
  first of all the bengal famine had huge responsibility by the british and to say it was n't racist when churchill is quoted as to have called the indians beastly and said the famine was their own fault is highly dubious . 
  secondly i 'm talking about 10 or so famines that led to the deaths of 50m indians . 
  even ignoring india there 's still concentration camps in south africa , torture centres in the middle east , forced detention of 500k chinese in malaysia , 1.5 m in kenyan concentration camps , the bombing and destruction of civilians in the iraq revolution , the irish famine , genocide of aboriginals , etc. 
  read up on the horrors of the kenyan concentration camps and tell me hat anal rape with knives , special torture devices made for crushing testicles , slave labour and female genital mutilation are n't some of the most horrible crimes on earth . 
  fado sounds nothing like this but yes it 's fantastic . 
  do n't see why it matters if zeca afonso is political his songs are beautiful music regardless of the message . 
  `` vejam bem '' and `` can\u00e7\u00e3o de embalar '' are great . 
  besides being political against a repressive dictator should be a plus . 
  why is n't it wise ? 
  who 's opinions ? 
  the portuguese love him and that 's the only place he 'll feasibly have a career . 
  i went from disliking him to liking him because of it . 
  i 'm much more likely to attend a concert of his than a random moldovan . 
  good . 
  the more the winners delegitimise these things maybe they 'll go away or at least change . 
  `` celebrate diversity '' and half the songs are just american pop sung in english . 
  most people i know do n't actually care . 
  some do because we won but there 's not many who would 've watched this if we were n't favourites . 
  do n't think he cares about the mood . 
  should people not say what they feel in case it bothers some people ? 
  we have much better music , not that sobral is bad at all . 
  check out zeca afonso if you want a similarish style but by who i think is the best portuguese singer of all time . 
  the only people who lack moral compass were the imperial overlords who did n't send food to alleviate the strike , burnt food for military reasons , denied foreign intervention and had repeatedly made derogatory and racist comments against the indians . 
  calling all the famines natural disasters is to ignore the disgusting history of the attitude , lackadaisical aid efforts and unnecessary policies who 's only function exacerbated and accelerated the issue . 
  more indians have starved to death due to the empire than people died in the holocaust . 
  it 's far from insane given that the uk has invaded 90 % of existing countries and perpetrated genocide in several . 
  do n't know much about the case but if they were the actual perpetrators they need to be brought to justice after all these years . 
  terrible that such a tragedy has been unanswered for so long . 
  i mean the poll only interviewed people from 10 countries in europe . 
  there 's 54 . 
  i have some doubts on the methodology right off the bat . 
  how many from within israel ? 
  because there 's well over a million muslims in israel . 
  we lost once and drew once *, 
  distance is irrelevant when people are so far that you do n't interact with them on a regular scale due to that distance . 
  extrapolating this argument to poland is flawed because europeans interact and share experiences with poles much more often than with people from ksa or nz . 
  what regressive laws . 
  and what discrimination against whites or westerns ? 
  portugal is 90 % white and somehow you 're a victim ? 
  holy shit dude if you spent one day as a minority maybe you 'd have some fucking perspective ... 
  what do the nazis have to do with the eu policy ? 
  you lost any semblance of credibility here . 
  america does n't pay for eu defence , it pays for strategic military locations within allied nations and to project its power on russia . 
  something like 5 % of eu trade is with the uk . 
  40 % of uk trade is in the free market . 
  walking away leaves the uk much more disadvantaged and they 're not in the position with a bargaining advantage . 
  the concept of irreligiousness back then was scandalous globally . 
  you 'd struggle to find any holy book , especially an abrahamic one , that condoned or supported atheism , or even was neutral , towards atheism or agnosticism . 
  just look at the portrayal of doubting thomas , sets the precedent of lack of faith = bad . 
  it 's pretty self evident anyway . 
  no one would ever assume that a legal indonesian here was a boat person of course . 
  everyone is completely rational about such an uncontroversial subject . 
  apart from the boat asians of course . 
  australia is not very welcoming to immigrants who are n't white and probably well off . 
  not saying everyone is a racist but there are a fair number of people who go out of there way to harass . 
  even if you 're the wrong type of white you can still get a bit of abuse . 
  you can get an imperial for less than a euro but you have to be outside cascais or the tourist parts of lisbon . 
  you can buy a litre bottle for 1 euro in a minipre\u00e7o . 
  also i know lots of people who buy 500ml on a normal night out or even just having beers with mates . 
  asking for a ` caneca ' is not that rare . 
  maybe it 's just my friend group . 
  yeah this seems a more accurate overview of the issue . 
  60 % of portugals electricity is from renewable resources . 
  it 's just that as of now very little is from solar . 
  but that 's the next step . 
  those are n't conservatives but reactionaries . 
  it 's in the name . 
  return to previous state of low muslims by kicking out millions = reactionary , maintain status quo but not increase levels = conservative . 
  political art is almost never original . 
  it 's about representing currently talked about events in a way that is memorable and repeatable . 
  most political art represents mainstream , or at least popular , thoughts and themes . 
  so all art is worthless unless it 's about esoteric and unheard of topics . 
  art is n't just about being original . 
  he 's spreading his message in what he believes to be a more effective way than a stock image . 
  he 's making a public statement from an anonymous mask . 
  if he gets his piece and the issue talked about , is not a successful work of political art ? 
  http://energypost.eu/how-much-will-it-really-cost-to-decommission-the-aging-french-nuclear-fleet/ there 's a good article with some sources . 
  it does n't mention the explicit life time but says that they already spent billions in extending lifetime to 2025 so i can imagine that they 're meant to be decommissioned in the relative near future . 
  if you really want to compare the extent of genocide , famine , broken alliances with countries not subjugated , aggressive expansion and militarism be my guest . 
  i fully realise that portugal was no angel with regards to slavery , potentially even transporting more slaves than the uk , depending on the source and what is counted . 
  but to say that because both empires committed atrocities they 're actions are equally as reprehensible is wrong and either na\u00efve or dishonest . 
  i 'm in no delusions about our past . 
  we still pale in comparison though . 
  do n't bother fighting the pro-nuclear lobby on reddit if you want a proper discussion on the avenues that we should be taking for future energy paths .
