  also worth considering not just what he did to warfare from a tactical perspective but the ramifications of his warfare as well . 
  the dissolution of the holy roman empire after he conquered it paved the way for german unification as there were significantly fewer independent states after the confederation of the rhine collapsed . 
  not to mention his acceleration of the adoption of the metric system , educational reforms that i believe have been adopted internationally and his further increase of state centralisation around a national culture ( not a good thing imo but a significant one , occitan , catalan , breton and other cultures have never regained their prominence ) . 
  i guess robin hood was n't british then . 
  and which customs has he not followed ? 
  i 'd give it to napoleon personally for individual achievements and current implementations of his legacy . 
  but maybe that 's just recency bias . 
  well then why did you say in your comment that the eu did n't let portugal leave ? 
  the eu stopped the eu from kicking us out ? 
  you 're not making much sense in trying to tie this analogy to catalonia or brexit . 
  i think it 's harsh not to call corbyn competent given the campaign he 's put on . 
  inner party division , ` unelectable man ' , brutally slandered in the media and yet he score such a result and got the young to go out and vote in such strong numbers . 
  he 's done very well imo . 
  scotland saved the tories because of sturgeon being too hard on having another referendum . 
  portugal has never tried to leave the eu . 
  our most eurosceptic parties want to leave the euro but no one wants to leave the eu . 
  so that 's completely wrong . 
  not to mention eu is n't fighting tooth and nail to keep britain , they 're fighting to have a strong deal for the eu . 
  donald tusk and junker both reiterated that the brexit negotiations must continue and the date must be respected . 
  the only thing that is stupid here is your analogy . 
  and what about their prime minister ? 
  she 's maggie without the spine or substance . 
  i think these movements would n't have existed if not for the consistent and regular combat and destabilisation of centralised control over the rural areas where they established a foothold it 's hard not to agree that war has allowed these movements to exist and provided motivation for people to join after their loved ones have died . 
  that is n't to absolve ideology completely , salafi jihadism and wahhabism is still a part of islam . 
  that means we need to work with the muslim community to ensure that people do n't slip between the cracks in the west , cease our economic and diplomatic connections to wahhabism states like saudi arabia who are funding these guys and strongly condemn any muslim nation that is not actively engaging in a solution to these terrible events . 
  how many wars have the west got themselves involved in in the middle east in the last 40 hearts ? 
  and 30 years ago it was the irish and muslim terrorists were n't committing these acts . 
  yet the number of muslim people has n't significantly changed . 
  so if you want to be scientific about this you have to look at what has changed in the past 30 years because islam is not the difference . 
  rather the recent destabilisation of the region with the soviet war in afghanistan , iran-iraq war , gulf war , iraq war , etc there has been a loss of administrative power and stability in the rural areas allowing for the rise of these movements . 
  they 're exploiting ignorance , poverty and foreigners killing locals to establish a power base and secure themselves . 
  these are warlords exploiting texts that were not being used by islamic countries prior to these destabilisations . 
  now why european born are joining is a different matter but it is n't as if the rise of these movements does n't have a similar basis for other terrorist movements that plagued the world during the 70s , 80s , etc. 
  work must be done with local mosques and communities to form part of the fight back . 
  the manchester bomber was reported 5 times to police and expelled from the mosque so it is n't as if there is n't precedent of local muslims willing to be a part of the solution . 
  french tend to pronounce the 'd ' ones as z though also from my experience . 
  english speakers pretty much everywhere in my experience , except for breathe . 
  that seems out of place compared to the others . 
  the first one can be replaced by 'd ' for an approximation that is wrong but not far off . 
  the same applies for the second but with ` f ' . 
  they want to be part of the union to gain its advantages . 
  as a member of the union you have to abide by the rules . 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  i like portug\u00e1lia which they use for us . 
  vova is short for vladimir btw , vlad is short for vladislav . 
  in case you were curious . 
  or he can vote for meps who will use the collective bargaining advantages of the european union to help push it through . 
  you 're being completely naive if you think that netflix , who may have a vested interest to promote certain studios , can be influenced by an individual with a go fund me page . 
  because success of artistic ventures is largely determined by marketing budget instead of just quality . 
  people act like we have perfect information and access when we do n't so we ca n't just assume that the free market is operating in an ideal state . 
  that is the motivation behind these things . 
  there were 10 crusades . 
  you can not ascribe byzantine defence to all of them . 
  especially since they conquered lands that were not under byzantine rule at the time of the first call for aid . 
  do n't be purposefully obtuse . 
  i lived in a country with an inquisition that was under islamic rule for far less time and still was brutal . 
  if you 're actually trying to say the inquisition was justified and a reaction to islam then there 's no point continuing this as you 're not arguing this from a moral viewpoint but an anti-islamic ideological one . 
  yeah i do n't think any portuguese person is n't grateful for the help after our revolution . 
  we were n't left in exactly a prime state to compete with any nation in europe so god knows what could 've happened . 
  the inquisition started in the 15th century , this is pure revisionism to say it 's a reaction to muslim oppression . 
  the crusades for jerusalem and the holy land were not due to a byzantine plea for help and were very much aggressive land takes to establish and kingdom of christ in the holy land . 
  were the muslims innocent bystanders in history l ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but you 're painting a completely dishonest and revisionist account of history here that is patently untrue . 
  i 'm from a country that was under muslim rule and the christians in portugal were much better treated by the muslims than the muslims by the christians afterward . 
  i recognise this is n't the case everywhere but you 're displaying a complete lack of nuance as well as a projecting a modern agenda into your interpretation of the past . 
  i guess that makes christianity an inherently evil religion and all christians murderers due to the crusades and inquisitions which involved the massacre of innocent women and children en masse . 
  the judgement has to be relative to the time period they 're in and the fact that christians and jews were allowed to live , albeit with a lower status , is more than many muslims were afforded under christianity . 
  are you seriously going to try and compare expansionism in the 8th-11th centuries with modern warfare ? 
  come on dude ... why do n't the italians just take over the mediterranean ? 
  worked for the romans . 
  ahhh yes just conquer large swaths of land in the middle east . 
  it went swimmingly for the russians and americans in the past 30 years . 
  this is a terribly stupid view that 's only going to create more terrorists , even if it defeats isis it will just create new groups . 
  covert operations to take out key leaders ? 
  sure but this is a cold war not a hot one and for every terrorist you kill you can create 3 more with just a single civilian casualty . 
  and the iraq war created almost as many civilian casualties as islamic terrorism since the 70s . 
  the vast majority of portuguese are pro-eu . 
  if it had n't been for the european union portugal would 've been completely fucked after the revolution . 
  even the most euro sceptical parties do n't advocate for leaving the eu , but the eurozone . 
  islamic states were actually much more tolerant towards non muslims in the middle ages than christian states were to non christians or even the wrong sort of christians . 
  the customs respected and religious divergence allowed , they had to pay a jizya though . 
  read about the status of the dhimmi ( non muslims ) in the muslim world . 
  do n't make this about religion when ethnic superiority has been the cause of so much suffering around the world . 
  he was widely criticised and ridiculed for saying turn back the boats . 
  politicians should maintain consistency in their views so that the people who vote understand where everyone stands and can make educated guesses on their proposed actions on policy . 
  if they consistently change their views when personally convenient who 's to say they wo n't do the same for personal gain at the detriment of the nation once in power . 
  would you be that confident in the eu accepting though . 
  the uk did n't get accepted the first time of asking . 
  i guess they should just let them into your country and suddenly it will magically be your fault ? 
  i mean they have an underclass of immigrant workers who get paid pretty much nothing and often suffer lots of racism and problems with police . 
  it 's not a great place unless you 're a rich white person in finance . 
  they look terrible compared to what used to be there . 
  proud that we 're one of the few countries to have gay rights with constitutional protections . 
  if you keep using your guns soon enough people may go on the other side so you no longer have that numerical advantage . 
  not to mention the wanton murder of migrants and refugees will be a glorious propaganda opportunity for isis and their friends . 
  i ca n't believe people are actually advocating for what is the dictionary definition of a concentration camp . 
  sure it is , supply and demand and all that . 
  free market does n't dictate that prices are equal for everyone . 
  you ca n't just call all the benefits of these deals free market and all the negatives ` not real free market ' .
