  it 's already cheaper per mwh for photovoltaic and onshore wind energy to produce . 
  not to mention the outrageous startup costs ( why do you think no nuclear plant has ever been built without state support ) , the loss of the advantages in having decentralised and spread out power generation for access and providing jobs over a great area , the huge decommissioning costs . 
  add that to the waste problem you 've raised as well as the fact that any major accident has to be paid out by the government as nuclear plants are literally uninsurable beyond normal workplace injuries and the like . 
  this is n't true . 
  france is filling up it 's waste container sites really quickly . 
  not to mention the nuclear production plants in france are really old and need decommissioning soon . 
  edf is already spending billions to extend lifetimes on a few plants and they have to fund all the decommissioning as well . 
  it 's not going to be easy . 
   then there 's edf 's existential problems at france 's high-level waste storage and reprocessing facility at la hague , where spent nuclear fuel stores are reaching current cooling capacity limits . 
  this means la hague may now have to turn away spent fuel shipments from france 's reactor fleet . 
   in any case , since asn has identified safety problems with some spent fuel transport flasks , spent fuel transport to la hague has substantially slowed . 
  all this means the build-up of spent fuel at nuclear sites across france , with the associated problem of cooling the spent fuel at those sites during dry summer periods , with all that means for further escalation of rad-waste costs . 
  we 'll see long term . 
  you guys are not in a good state with your nuclear at the moment . 
  not nearly enough money set aside for the decommissioning that old plants need and it 's all going to be funded by edf which is n't in an ideal situation with their debt . 
  no shit . 
  everyone already knew he would n't vote for le pen . 
  i 've never thought the separatists were rational until now . 
  nation historically implies a unified ethnicity , culture or at least language . 
  a unified europe really stretches that definition . 
  do you want everyone to portray hypotheticals and opinions with disclaimers ? 
  it 's reddit , assume everything is opinion and conjecture until sourced . 
  he 's presenting it as a reality because he thinks of it as a reality . 
  regardless of the validity of the argument that 's pretty self evident . 
  sanctions ? 
  he 's saying you ca n't expect to receive benefits that the members do n't receive . 
  you 're becoming just another foreign country who has to negotiate their own trade deals with brexit . 
  do n't expect to get preferential treatment . 
  britain bringing the eu together for once . 
  if someone has a common surname it 's more likely they 're called belt their first name or a nickname based on their surname or first name . 
  from my experience . 
  is that by units sold , litres sold or alcoholic volume sold ? 
  yeah racism was the wrong word , prejudice maybe is more appropriate . 
  i absolutely agree and think that they were not treated well in the colonies or at home . 
  i just disagree that the people in charge did n't care . 
  they made a huge effort that prevented what could 've been a massacre . 
  i 'm sorry to hear about your aunt . 
  that 's not great . 
  we only had 55 % for our elections turn up . 
   if you think getting rid of a centralised dictatorship that 's been in power for 48 years will be simple and clean then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  on the whole we had a pretty great revolution and transition when compared to most nations . 
  i disagree with what the communists did in the prec , i even said that in my first comment . 
  but they were key members of supporting the democratic movement and establishing the revolution . 
  did you read anything i even wrote ? 
  yes i do think we 'd 've been in a dictatorship for much longer if it were n't for the communists . 
  the americans and british supported us due to our strategic importance and anti-communist nature under the regime . 
  you need moderates to run a country but extremists to change it , that 's been shown time and time again in history . 
  it just so happens that our regime was so shit that it was radicalising everyone . 
  `` all it took is the army stopping their support '' . 
  otelo saraiva de carvalho , the guy who orchestrated the revolution , was a communist and led the country as a communist during the prec and ran against eanes as the communist candidate to the presidency . 
  the mfa was strongly left wing and had many communists in their members . 
  i 'm glad we did n't become a communist state , especially considering the situation we were in in 1974 , but i 'm not `` glorifying '' anyone . 
  i 'm accurately relating the socialist and communist nature of many of the revolutionaries , including the key orchestrators . 
  39 % blank vote ? 
  that 's crazy high . 
  or is it 39 % not turning up ? 
   this started the decolonization process , which was very messy , and the people who orchestrated it did n't give a single shit about the 500k to 1 million portuguese citizens who were forced to leave the former colonies with only the clothes they were wearing under risk of literally losing their heads . 
  that 's not true . 
  the government appropriated every single portuguese plane and ship and sent it them to angola to ferry them back . 
  there was a permanent aeronautical highway allowing these people to return safely . 
  the issue of racism i do n't know much about but from what i 've heard i can agree with you unfortunately . 
  but the government made a huge logistical success in allowing the 900k retornados to return safely and quickly before the various angolan forces reached them . 
  on the whole the returning of people from the colonies went well all things considered . 
  a logistical masterpiece . 
  the small colonies was n't an issue as there were n't huge numbers and mo\u00e7ambique was ok as well because the general in charge had the support of the army and promised to keep the peace as people slowly left to prevent a massacre . 
  angola was where the problem would be . 
  with the 3 pronged brutal civil war in full effect the future of the portuguese colonialists would look grim . 
  as such the government appropriated all planes from tap and other portuguese airlines and made a non-stop air highway between luanda and lisbon . 
  they moved hundreds of thousands out this way . 
  anyone who got themselves on a plane was given an entry visa and allowed to live in portugal , not just whites but any member of the former colony . 
  large ships were also used but obviously only got there later . 
  the problems that integration had i do n't know as much about but apparently there was a lot of racism . 
  our population increased by 10 % in a single year which is huge . 
  the communists and socialist in our government right now are n't advocating for anything like that . 
  they were some of the most important people in our revolution and a major reason why we 're a democracy . 
  he cut back on education from the first republic which is n't easy . 
  we were the most illiterate country in europe and had no avenues for any growth outside of certain companies like cuf . 
  as for being able to talk shit anywhere lol . 
  my dad had to run from the pide after attending concerts of unsavoury artists like zeca afonso . 
  he was a great statesman and provided stability that was needed in the clusterfuck of the first republic ( 42 governments in 16 years ! ), 
  but the regime outstayed its welcome and necessity by about 40 years . 
  the communists played a huge part in the revolution , if it were n't for them it 's likely that the revolution would n't have had enough support and we would n't be a democracy . 
  it was a very messy period after the regime and the communists were a problem in the prec but if you think getting rid of a centralised dictatorship that 's been in power for 48 years will be simple and clean then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  on the whole we had a pretty great revolution and transition when compared to most nations . 
  yeah it was a mistake to get rid of a repressive right wing regime who censored all media , tortured political prisoners and used the secret police to do their bidding . 
  a regime who invested nothing in education , who banned any forms of entrepreneurship or free enterprise , who spent half our annual budget on a war to maintain an outdated colonial empire . 
  our quality of life , general education and literacy ( fucking literacy was a problem in the regime in the 70s ) and number of successful domestic business has increased since the revolution easily . 
  what a tragedy !!, 
  they also implemented scorched earth policies to prevent a japanese invasion , such as destroying rice reserves . 
  they also confiscated tens of thousands of boats from bengalis which were often used to transport food around the regime . 
  also saying they did what they could is plainly false . 
  the cabinet refused offers of food shipments from foreign nations for example . 
  then there 's this quote from a mukerjee book `` the war cabinet 's shipping assignments made in august 1943 , shortly after amery had pleaded for famine relief , show australian wheat flour traveling to ceylon , the middle east , and southern africa -- everywhere in the indian ocean but to india . '', 
  when churchill is quoted to have said : `` i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion . '', 
  it 's hard not to think there may 've been more to it . 
  not to mention that the great bengal famine in the 18th century killed 5x as many people . 
  tens of millions of people starved to death in colonial india , a region that had sustained one of the largest population centres of the world due to its agricultural suitability for thousands of years . 
  if you have below a certain level of karma in certain subreddits you can only make a comment every x minutes . 
  80 % turnout in the first round so i 'm not sure how much of an effect there 'll be .
