  you can do that in most countries . 
  sunrise at 5-6am is great to come home to . 
  what ? 
  how is holding someone accountable for the words they say and years of their work not morally feasible ? 
  it 's standard practice worldwide to be responsible for the outcomes of your words . 
  that 's why things like hate speech and verbal assault are crimes and why political careers can be ruined from a few wrong phrases . 
  nigel farage should absolutely be take responsibility for what he 's helping create and if he is n't as vocal in his opposition of what he believes to be a brexit in the wrong direction then it can only be assumed that he approves of where it 's going . 
  a hell of a lot better ? 
  we just had centuries of warfare and powerful countries competing against each other . 
  you 've ignored literally every aspect of life that the eu has improved , directly and indirectly , and then declared that nothing good came of the eu . 
  obrigado means obliged in portuguese . 
  it means thank you like ` much obliged ' means thank you in english , ours is just universally used . 
  that 's just social democracy which is employed in much of europe to some degree and has been for a while . 
  you 're not wrong , i just did n't want to be the guy saying it haha . 
  of europe ? 
  of the world mate . 
  america was very anti semitic before the holocaust as well . 
  strong shadow economy too surely . 
  can imagine that in the touristy parts things are well reported . 
  would be the same as portugal . 
  fn support is disproportionately positive in the police . 
  the police are pretty pissed off at her blatant disregard for french judicial practices so i do n't know if you 're 100 % right there . 
  it 's the first time immunity has been invoked against the meps own nation . 
  i speak english as a first language and it still annoys me in portugal . 
  make a fucking effort . 
  liberals and communists hate each other . 
  this is one of the stupidest posts i 've seen . 
  exactly , western europe has impact and cooperation from socialist and communist parties in some parliaments sure but they 're social democrats and have been for a while . 
  dude you 're getting destroyed here . 
  just abandon thread because you 're absolutely wrong . 
   scottish and ruk economies are more aligned than the scottish economy i know this is true know , would it be true post-independence is the question . 
  how would being independent from the uk but under it 's currency for a small country like scotland be more beneficial than having the same thing with the euro were they could have a say at least , if they were to join . 
  your first point is still wild speculation for the future . 
  trump was unelectable for all of his campaign and you 're trying to predict 3 elections away ? 
  if brexit does n't result in the uk being better off and actually declining , which is hardly absurd , then will the conservatives be so popular then ? 
  especially considering that many younger electors will have a chip on their shoulder about brexit that may last a while and they 're only going to grow in influence in the next 13 years . 
  far too early to make this sort of call at all and you know it . 
  south europe is richer now than it was it almost any point in history post 16th-17th centuries , or even earlier for the many . 
  mate if you 're going to be so disingenuous to portray the eu and collaboration between the french and germans , who spent the best part of the last 300 years at each others throats , as well as all these other nations who have committed to a joint growth and prosperity as `` farm subsidies '' , do n't act surprised when people call you out . 
  gon na agree here . 
  half your claims are unsubstantiated and wildly speculative at best . 
  conservatives guaranteed to be in power in 20 years ? 
  pull the other one you can hardly predict the outcome of elections from a few years ahead with a measured degree of certainty , let alone that far ahead without knowledge of any political scandals that may 've happened as well as potential shifts in the democratic platform and other important factors . 
  why does the euro not suit scotland ? 
  you just said that it does n't without expanding . 
  how does having a stronger currency than the scottish economy should have somewhat dictated by foreign powers differentiate it from the pound ? 
  you 've said reasons yet have little evidence to back them in everything except that the scottish economy has n't done well recently , which can be spun as an argument to get away from the uk as well . 
  your problem with the eu seems to be that it was trying to make itself stronger and more cohesive as well as better including its members in an established european identity . 
  how is that wrong ? 
  that is literally the key founding goal of the bloody thing . 
  do n't be surprised that the eu attempted to achieve its founding goals , it is n't donald trump and tries to maintain promises . 
  tbf there 's only 300k people in the alentejo . 
  but you 're absolutely right . 
  out of curiosity is that study normalised for income levels , education levels and other socioeconomic factors irrelevant to being foreign or native that may affect crime ? 
  liberal means the philosophy of liberalism which is one of the furthest things from communism . 
  i know my history , learn your political ideologies . 
  how is a communist state liberal ? 
  they 're antithetical statements . 
  he 's quoting the police . 
  not to mention many turkish facts are probably government tampered . 
  the police said 1,6 m according to other comments here and they 'd probably underestimate it . 
  world leaders are supposed to be among the elite and most intelligent of a population so that 's one point . 
  also europeans speak a minimum of two languages if they have a good education and being from central or northern europe helps in this regard . 
  combine the two and you have these results . 
  they only inflicted 80 % of german casualties , a far more telling statistic . 
  the main function of a state in the modern definition is to ensure safety and regulate certain activities to protect the rights of its citizens and communal economic interests . 
  if you 're a social democrat then you also believe that the state exists to provide basic minimums and necessities such as food , water , shelter , healthcare , etc to people who need it to survive . 
  your definition of the state 's function is ridiculous and i doubt repeated by accepted political scientists . 
  also not sure why you 're trying to compare the conservative party to the ussr , they 're completely different politically and practically . 
  and your prison argument is lazy and wrong . 
  holding them back solo ? 
  are you russian ? 
  no one eats baked beans in nearly comparable quantities to the uk , they 're hardly a weird esoteric food . 
  they 're extremely common and loved by many and pretty rare in other countries . 
  if you think winning one of the most important , toughest and destructive military campaign in world history is nothing special then this is pretty useless . 
  i am neither a communist nor a stalinist but i am not blind to the realities of what was achieved and what was committed . 
  to be able succeed in spite of his many flaws means he was competent in many regards , or at least the regime was . 
  they survived and reached heights not seen ever perhaps , at least since peter the great , despite apparently insurmountable difficulties . 
  wisdom comes from all sorts of places , you 'd be smart to not dismiss a message solely on its conveyor . 
  holding off arguably the greatest armed forces ever after purging your officers and 20m men of fighting age is phenomenal . 
  rebuilding a destroyed and torn country to be one of the greatest powers of the century within a few years is phenomenal . 
  i can think of few places where anything of a similar scale has been done . 
  especially considering the disastrous and irrelevant state of late czarist russia and the inherent complications of installing a communist economy in that mess . 
  an economy based off heavy industry is n't inherently unsustainable , especially in the mid-20th century . 
  otherwise germany would be fucked . 
  supplying the army is smart given the nature of international politics of the time . 
  greatness does n't have to be about positivity , it can be about leadership and impact . 
  i do n't wan na quote harry potter at you but there is a relevant passage . 
  what the ussr did from the revolution until the 50s was pretty phenomenal . 
  extremely impressive given all the setbacks , many self inflicted by stalins paranoia and megalomania , but impressive nonetheless . 
  integrating a fiscal union with a monetary union is something that many people want and will probably help improve the largest problem in the eu . 
  whatever . 
  she 's not even got half of what corbyn got so far . 
  it 's a bit shit but he dealt with it admirably , she 'll survive . 
  left is going lefter ? 
  blairites have lost a lot of popularity and corbyn has held the same views for years and been he head of labour for a while . 
  labour has n't exactly changed dramatically . 
  yeah exactly my thoughts . 
  good enumeration of the legacy . 
  i had n't even considered the french revolution part .
