so if we didnt build the tram or the apartments , and those same people lived in low density sprawl , traffic wouldnt be an issue ? 
  yes . 
  packing more people into a smaller area means more traffic . 
  low-density suburban cities actually have the lowest traffic congestion compared to high density cities . 
  it 's actually not that complicated . 
   the parking in the city is going to start slowly disappearing anyway . 
  most of those lots are earmarked for development in the next decade or two anyway . 
  what a dumb idea . 
  we should be building more parking , not less . 
  nsw has had interstate migration away for it for the past 30 years , because they have made housing totally unaffordable with zoning laws that restrict land supply . 
  victoria has done the same recently , but not to the same extent , so homes are a bit more affordable . 
  sydney is only propped up by hundreds of thousands of third world immigrants moving there . 
  what 's the point of this subreddit other than people who are n't weak and who look good ( and know it ) pretending they are weak and they do n't look good ? 
  wow , epic maymay bro . 
  real good one . 
  i 'm literally laughing so hard here , because of how true it is . 
  i 'm going to post that on / r/fitness for the 1,000,000 th time . 
  upboats for you !, 
  that 's so fucking bad but i feel it 's mostly because of the lighting . 
  it feels like video game lighting . 
  yeah but i 've never seen a movie get the lighting that horrendously bad . 
  you 're right it 's way , way over saturated . 
  looks like a dream or some shit . 
  and the cuts are all wrong too . 
  i feel like if i had to watch any more of that shit i 'd vomit . 
  almost looks like los angeles . 
  good girl . 
   will you likely activate more of your quads doing a front squat than a leg extension ? 
  nope . 
   devices they 'd put in your mouth , anus , or vagina that would expand once inside, 
  today we call that an inflatable butt plug, 
   if you work on your game and boost your smv , you 'll all be the multimillionaire owner of your own startup business , spinning 30 hb9 plates at will , and if you ever get married , it will be to some younger , hot submissive virgin girl from a foreign country who has n't been americanized and only wants to fuck you and cook you breakfast . 
  man , this hits so close to home . 
  how sad is it that this is literally to the dot what i envisaged ? 
  you sound autistic and probably are n't strong, 
  first , nothing came out . 
  then , clear stuff came out . 
  then eventually real cum came out . 
  less than 1 year, 
  superior, 
  pick one, 
  soccer is gay . 
  why do people here seem to think we should all be forced to live in an apartments ? 
  australia has enough land for us to all have our own half acre blocks , with heaps to spare . 
  i love this cunt, 
  you 'll never be white . 
  why are you implying that 's a bad thing ? 
  here in australia we do n't lack land . 
  if anything we should be mandating lower densities . 
  the ipf is for weak faggots like you, 
  fuck you cunt , you know nothing, 
  do no gomad gomad no gomad gomad nogomad . 
  it 's the best new diet and will get you ripped in dayz . 
  do n't accuse europeans who are finding it hard to immigrate here of being neo nazis or criminals , cunt, 
  the thing holding him back from immigrating is our fucked up immigration system that makes it needlessly difficult for hard working white people to come here . 
  we should make it so any european can come here with no bullshit paperwork required . 
  good girl, 
  filmed in toronto ? 
  yeah i googled , thanks though . 
  the style of those condos is canadian . 
  you sound like you are probably autistic, 
  he does n't own it . 
  if anything the german state owns it . 
  everywhere was an outer suburb at one time . 
  literally a dystopia where there is n't a patch of green to be seen , and everybody has to live in an apartment . 
  if you love it so much , go and live there . 
  then give them some of your money , you dumb communist . 
  you could hire minimum wage workers to `` drive ' ( rofl ) trains . 
  they should be paid $ 5 an hour at most . 
  people should be allowed to carry firearms like in the us . 
  an armed society is a polite society and constitutional carry states in the us have lower crime rates . 
   if everyone has pepper spray then muggers will start knocking people out before the steal your shit . 
  source ? 
  knocking people out carries a much higher jail sentence than mugging people . 
  we should ban everything except living in a plastic bubble where you 're fed by the government through a tube stuck up your arse . 
  people who do that can be accountable under the law . 
  we should n't have `` pre-crimes '' . 
  if we banned things that might lead to crime , we would ban all black , aboriginal and muslim people from even living . 
  i 'm sure you see that as absurd . 
  think ice junkie carrying pepper spray as a weapon to use in robberies to support his habit, 
  can you provide sources to show this is a problem in wa , where pepper spray is legal ? 
  you 're forcing people scared of criminals to rely on government goons who arrive a fucking hour after you 've called them when you 're dead on the pavement , instead of themselves . 
  all guns should be legalised and open and concealed carry should also be legalised . 
  if you do n't like pepper spray , do n't buy a pepper spray . 
  wow , i did n't know about this innovative way of stopping theft and kidnapping . 
  even better , just ban everything . 
  then we can just arrest people when they go outside , and not have to prove they even harmed anyone . 
  it would definitely stop kidnapping and rape . 
   because ` articles of defence ' more often than not end up hurting the victim, 
  source ? 
   if we had guns everywhere like the us any one of the potential hundreds of people who 's line of site you are in at any given time in public could be in possession of the hard counter to human life . 
  that would be great . 
  an armed society is a polite society . 
  i can already go and stab anyone i see in the throat , killing them instantly . 
  most people can . 
  it 's not laws against knives that stop that happening . 
  maybe we should take pepper spray away from police officers then . 
  stop talking . 
  we want to decentralise it because that will benefit people . 
  it does n't matter if you do n't like cars or roads , they are good things and we should have more of them .
