  my grandparent 's anglo-saxon ancestry was still clearly audible . 
  i 'm native to plattd\u00fc\u00fctsch but sure i would 've had a hard time understanding * their * grandparents . 
  you talk about arrogance . 
  welcome to the 21st century , peasant !, 
  you still dream about czars and empires while we try to build a europe of the people . 
  ( well , at least we try ), 
  [ it 's dead , jim !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussia#the_end_of_prussia ), 
  indeed . 
  i 'm from dithmarschen which was also turned into a giant army internment camp because it 's completely surrounded by water . 
  it must 've been a bit like in the movie `` escape from new york '' , only with all the natives inside as well . 
  i remember my grandmother 's rants about `` those filthy fugitives '' even 40 years after the war . 
  still the children of the deportees are n't fully accepted by my parents generation . 
  i 'm with austrians quite often . 
  whenever it comes to football , which does n't happen very often , somebody mentions it . 
  it 's kind of a running joke . 
  cordoba ' 78 , never forget !, 
  madness have always been [ one step beyond . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkw9ujn2zgs ), 
  tell me about it , i live at * platz der luftdr\u00fccke * , 
  since you mentioned it : a few years ago at the carnival a surprise * gust of wind blew down a part of a stage , killed one or two people and injured many others . 
  * this is a well known weather phenomenon in berlin at that time of the year . 
  i miss the real baguette here as much as i 'd miss the roggen-vollkorn there . 
  i 've heard in portugal bicyclists do n't have a right of way . 
  unthinkable in berlin . 
  did you go to the cellar at least ? 
  she can see poland from her house . 
  i see the pirates as the future ` tip of the scale party ' like the fdp was in the old three party system , only backed by the people instead of the lobbyists . 
  we may never be ready to join a government but if you need a majority to form one we may help . 
  ah , yes . 
  [ the panic of 1873 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panic_of_1873 ) on 9 may 1873 , the vienna stock exchange crashed , no longer able to sustain false expansion , insolvency , and dishonest manipulations . 
  a series of viennese bank failures resulted , causing a contraction of the money available for business lending . 
  touch\u00e9 !, 
  yes and no . 
  the base of the party program is the constitution , which is very clear on minorities rights . 
  if we can get two digits in north rhine-westfalia in late may , a direct neighbour of the same size , it 'd be quite a signal to our dutch mateys . 
  so is yours . 
  danish sounds so much better with music . 
  i was in telecommunications ( wink wink , nudge nudge , still classified ) . 
  generally the public sector is partially paralysed or overhauled by ridiculous amounts of red tape . 
  i worked for the state for a few years , got called out for being ten seconds ( ! ), 
  late , spent half my income on books to kill the time since there was only four hours of work per week . 
  when i could n't stand the boredom any more they offered a two-years income to quit . 
  our government tends to abuse eu legislation to weaken national civil liberty laws . 
  example : the government wanted a data retention law but it did n't pass the parliament , so they went to brussels and wrapped it in an obscure `` eu commerce harmonisation agreement '' ( or something like that , before the lisbon treaty ) . 
  this way they got around both the german and european parliament via the eu council . 
  eventually the german constitutional court cancelled it but they 're still trying to reinstate it . 
  so that 's why you cook like it 's a religious ceremony ? 
  if you ask me , your food is worth every worship . 
  come on , it 's been a game of cloak and dagger all the way down to the stone age . 
  try google translate tl ; dr : while gauck was in charge of the secret service files of each and everyone of importance , the nsa `` exported '' 13.000 pages of files without any notice . 
  officially nobody saw anything . 
  ask the nsa about their [ relation ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/d-14010746.html ) to our current president . 
  yes , they did , and they got away with it . 
  there may have been a formal protest note but in the 90s neither the press nor any politicians were interested in `` those computer things '' . 
  it took a year to take over the r\u00fctli elementary school in berlin . 
  how long would it take to invade the inventors of the r\u00fctli oath ? 
   cdu shadow accounts jewish inheritance ftfy through the most brutal investigation by manfred ` law and order ' kanther . 
  there are international treaties and organisations , like europol and such . 
  there 've be cases when german cops raided a server room of a dutch provider ( xs4all ) because of an `` anarchist fanzine '' ( radikal ) . 
  turned out to be totally illegal but fuck you , this is schengen country , sucker !, 
  he would still be prosecuted by german laws , even if murder were legal in switzerland . 
  they made me walk up and down in front of several men in my underpants !, 
  how could i not switch into `` catwalk mode '' ? 
  standing to the constitution is extremist now ? 
  woah !, 
  come on !, 
  the fdp has been the whore to every government for decades . 
  they served their lobbyists and sponsors with tax exemptions all the time while they claimed the exact opposite . 
  `` competition for the poor , socialism for the rich '' is all that 's left of their program . 
  they do n't suffer , they get exactly what they deserve . 
  even the christian democrats do n't take them seriously any more . 
  `` property obliges . 
  its use shall also serve the public good . '', 
  it 's in our constitution but nobody gives a fuck . 
  it 's easier to end a civil partnership . 
  she was married once and does n't want to go through the legal shenanigans of a divorce again . 
  now , she 's in a legal limbo with her new partner . 
  if their relation fails she 'd have invested a lot without getting anything out of it . 
  i think it 's funny that my straight sister would prefer a civil partnership over a marriage . 
  it would be nice to have a choice for everyone . 
  it was similar in germany . 
  you could n't prove it but they had to find out themselves . 
  they found out easily by the way i walk but i did n't want to be excepted for being gay . 
  equal rights for everyone , so i dropped the gun and they had to send me home for being a pussy . 
  they really see it that way . 
  you can fuck all the guys you want unless you turn your back . 
  that would be gay . 
  i like how the neo-feudalist fdp got smashed into oblivion again . 
  eurovision has become a convention of party clowns ( the creepy kind ) . 
  what about the bands [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) ans actually like ? 
  you seem to think amenities like supermarkets and cable-tv and western style democracy is the be-all-end-all of freedom . 
  some people call themselves free where there is nobody but a king who takes his tenth once a year and lets the people herd their sheep or whatever . 
  democracy is a good thing but much too fragile to enforce it the way we do . 
   ignorance can be cured through education take a look in the mirror , please . 
  actually , i 'm your eu cultural budget at work . 
  believe me , at times it 's a metric fuckton of work , but it 's worth every minute . 
  my heart says : yes , let 's embrace ex-yugoslavia and end this endless struggle !, 
  my guts say : do n't put a fuse on a loaded barrel !,
