from hamburg myself , with lots of friends in the ultraleft , but on fb , i unfollowed them because of that a long time ago ... can get quite annoying . 
  i dont mind them being against something , and i am glad they stopped throwing bottles and shit , but please find something relevant to be against . _ . 
  what ? 
  who gives a shit , seriously ? 
  you are right - i am not an economist . 
  and never claimed that . 
  all that i claimed is that there is a relation between the massive overspending of greece in the past , and it 's need for bailouts now . 
  and all that i was addressing is the comment that the people of greece never had any benefit from the bailout , which i was trying to dispute by pointing out their benefit from the overspending . 
  where is my mistake in that logic ? 
  most likely true . 
  however , the only way i feel like that is acceptable is if i can truly believe it wont happen again - and that needs reforms , and trust . 
  both has not really been there so far . 
  oh , i dont want to attack you . 
  i merely think that in the thread i answered you , you were being somewhat self-centered - sorry if i offended you . 
  i am not saying that you called for us to pay everything !, 
  i am just talking about the money we would lose with a haircut . 
  or at least part of it . 
  the money that we already loaned to greece . 
  when i said it was nice to see you realize that , i meant you realizing that just giving greece 1000 $ out of our pockets is not something people just want to do . 
  yes , it may be neccessary - but one can still ask : what could have been achieved with the money were it invested into schools ? 
  into refugee aid ? 
  is it morally right to pour billions into greece when people are dying of preventable diseases elsewhere ? 
  and so on . 
  nice to see you realize that . 
  then surely you understand why for example we germans , who as a nation are already owed around 1000 $ per capita from greece , are not happy about having to give that up . 
  why should we each pay 1000 $ to greece ( in raised taxes over the years etc ) that would otherwise be spent here ? 
  we dont want that any more than you want to donate 1000 $ yourself . 
  and yet we probably still will - but i hope you understand why not everyone is happy with that . 
   because they are right , they did n't . 
  but you are wrong - they did . 
  just not of the bailouts directly . 
  they saw the money in the massive overspending of their government before , which directly benefited many greeks by paying their pensions and government positions . 
  this money was not money greece had , it was payed through loans , and the greeks had the benefits of it for a long time . 
  the bailouts were never meant for the greek people , who had already had it much better than their economic situation would permit . 
  they were meant to make sure the banks dont collapse , and they achieved that so far . 
  why were the banks collapsing ? 
  because of all that money greece borrowed from them . 
  the bailouts were neccessary because greece lived too luxurious of a life standard for their means . 
  yes , the greeks didnt see any of it - because they had spent it all years ago already . 
  germany 's vat is 19 % , also much higher than bulgaria , and people invest just fine . 
  throwing around comparisons between completely different countries based on only one figure is populistic , but doesnt serve any purpose . 
  look : nobody argues we didnt profit from europe , a lot even . 
  however , that is not a free pass to say that debt incurred does not have to be paid . 
  i do think germany could afford to take a haircut , we could easily afford forgiving all of the debt greece has with us . 
  however , we are a democracy , and i can understand that our leaders do not want to go against the will of the overwhelming majority of their voters with this - they simply have no mandate for another debt cut . 
  this leads me to say that if there will be a debt reduction , it will be done because we truly believe in europe as a union , and are willing to take financial losses for it - and because our leaders value the eu highly enough to potentially kill their careers over it , because its quite likely that will happen . 
  it will certainly not happen because people like you try to guilt us into it by such statements , which have no connection to how economics and finance works . 
  you wont be surprised when i tell you we german like our contracts . 
  those say the money has to be paid back . 
  the more you try to argue that we have to forgive it ( which we dont , if we are fine with greece failing ) the more resentment is created amongst the voter base that has to legitimise those haircuts . 
   so in 20-30 years , the debt is water under the bridge as it has been ` paid back ' by greeks continuing to buy goods from germany . 
  just a short complaint about your logic : if you borrow money from me , and buy my car using that money , that doesnt mean i should be happy because i got my money back - you still have to pay me back . 
  most of those are immigrants from china and korea , which are hard to spot . 
  the amount of non-asian immigrants is a lot lower than that . 
   is it the same with the laws and constitutions also ? 
  yes . 
  they can and do get changed . 
  you need large majorities to change the constitution , but it has been done many times . 
   we do not disagree on the matter , you just falsely think there would be no war started on the day estonia would be invaded by russia and i , like the rest of the world , are in doubt how big it would be . 
  it may be nice to think the rest of the world is of your opinion , but i think youll find that there is as many opinions as people . 
  there is a war on that day because russia is invading a country , that is an act of war . 
  i say , and i am not alone with this since we are talking about a study where 58 % of my countrymen made a similar statement , that that does not neccessarily mean that we will be at war . 
  furthermore , stop defining what is false and what is not . 
  unless you provide irrefutable , peer reviewed sources , my opinion is as valid as yours , and your way of argueing is getting annoying . 
   but still i 'd oppose and said that only stable russia 's statement has been one of `` not going to use nuclear weapon if mother russia is n't in threat of existence '' . 
  and as i said before , just because you think so does not mean that we as a country would want to take the risk , no matter how small . 
  we seem to have different risk-assessment priorities . 
   because that politics make sense ( and that 's what is it under that calculative approach ) only if `` calculations '' are intelligent . 
  dumb or frightened people are making it worse than nazism imo . 
  that is true for all politics : only if the people making the decisions are smart can the decisions be smart . 
  furthermore , realpolitik can not be `` worse than nazism '' because the two are fundamentally different things . 
  one is an approach to politics , the other is a political ideology . 
  you can be a idealpolitical nazi and a realpolitical antifa . 
  if you are trying to say `` german realpolitik is leading to situations worse than what the nazis have caused '' , then i would like you to show me any form of source showing that our current politics are the source of a genocide , a world wide war , and so on . 
  i am under the impression we were actually doing quite well both economically and in terms of tolerance and freedom . 
  if you can not source that , stop spewing hate , because it is not warranted . 
   there 's a name for that if it would be powered after russia 's invasion on estonia . 
  call it what you want , its reality . 
  cowardish or not - as i said before , ill rather be a coward than dead for no good reason . 
   start now , do n't wait !, 
  force your leaders to erase article 5 or leave nato . 
  nothing else . 
  and now what ? 
  make your leaders make our leaders leave nato . 
  if you want us to thats not my job . 
  i never advocated for that . 
   this is so superficial . 
  all the stuff is being changed after critical mass is reached . 
  there 's no critical mass in article 5 triggering making it obsolete , there 's only majority of germans ready to not fight and bunch of guys like you which imagine that lack of willingness means anything crucial in world politics . 
  a majority is found in this poll , thats a form of critical mass . 
  furthermore , stop blaming us for everything . 
  look at the poll . 
  its a significant , global situation . 
   nope , you 've got it wrong . 
  the democracy is to change the rules inside organization you 're member of or step away from that organization . 
  germany should try to change the article 5 ( that 's the only obstacle preventing anybody anywhere to keep the germany out of the war ) or leave nato . 
  would the germany take that move is n't relate to democracy - it would be the absolutely same process if neo-nazis or any other force violently and undemocratically take the power in the bundesrepublik deutschland . 
  then we disagree . 
  i say , in a democracy , everything is up to the will of the people , even documents signed a long time ago . 
  especially those , since the current population had no say in them .
