  who is the german here , explaining why my fellow germans voted as they did ? 
  you cant tell me what matters to germans and expect me as a german to just nod and agree , you have no fucking idea . 
  i am telling you , people are pissed by the usa , and see the nato as mostly us-centric , so they are sceptical . 
  the nato failed once with afghanistan , another time with iraq . 
  thus , people are sceptical about the institution , and vote to not honor its treaties without careful consideration . 
  no one in germany wants russia to take the baltics - and no one is expecting them to , because we and nato would not let that happen so easily . 
  however , we just think that military is not the way to go , and apparently , thats where we disagree . 
  you are argueing on a personal level where the topic is politics . 
  i didnt sign anything , im not going to war with anybody , and i am excercising my democratic right to state that i dont want my country to and vote for politicians who agree with me . 
  if you cant separate between me , a citizen of germany , and the entire country , then this discussion is utterly pointless . 
   so , in the middle of the crisis you 're going to change the rule set on paper which says - wow , that 's a coincidence - you should go to war if your partner has been attacked ? 
  im not changing the rules . 
  i am merely saying : rather break the treaty once signed then go to a war i believe to be unjust or suicidal . 
   where did you pick that `` preemptively strike '' shit ? 
  from whom ? 
  are you not reading what i am saying ? 
  we would not attack a nuclear power . 
  thus , if i die due to a nuclear bomb , somebody dropped it on us - preemptively , because i certainly didnt ask him to . 
   i only know there would be a war , a big fucking war , if your office is going to listen those 58 % of you . 
  simple as that . 
  you dont get it . 
  people are not asking to leave nato . 
  people are saying `` we should not just go to war only because nato says so '' . 
  thats a huge difference , because we believe in nato as a concept . 
  there is simply a lot of people who , after the disaster that was afghanistan , would rather first make sure that a war is absolutely neccessary - and if thats not the case ( like it was in afghanistan ) , then we wont go . 
  be assured that if putin waged nuclear war on the west all of a sudden , nobody would call for our government to ignore it . 
   jesus ... dude , i 'm telling you and i 'm sure those 58 % do n't want to go to war because they are hoping they 'll fuck kardashian if they 'll stay alive . 
  just because your countries ( assuming you are american because kardashian is not really a thing in europe ? 
  then again , your english tells me you are not native ) population is to busy circlejerking over celebrities does not mean other countries dont actually have political events as the main headlines , thank you very much . 
   this is your realpolitik ? 
  rather let russia take estonia and romania then start the war ? 
  what would you say 669 days after that invasion when you 'd be near the extermination ? 
  you 'd be talking about that as brilliant tactical move ? 
  yup . 
  669 days later ill either be fighting together with the rest of nato because russia continued to expand , or ill be happy knowing that russia stopped there and is most likely regretting their expansion heavily by then due to political measures taken by my country and others . 
  but yeah , realpolitik means , amongst other things , not to flop your dick on the table just because somebody else did - although i guess that is not something you understand . 
   now i 'm going to tell you what average russian wants in hen life : he wants that motherland conquers some nato member country and so proves that way who is the brand new world policeman and strongest empire . 
  what a wonderful example of a narrowminded idiot you are trying to paint yourself as . 
  do you actually know any russians ? 
  how often do you talk with them ? 
  or are you just following what that one fox news anchor said the other day ? 
   you 've mixed something badly . 
  estonians would stop bleed two days after invasion and only russia 's blood would smell there . 
  and that fucking tiny estonia is completely of the same importance like your nasty shit of country - that 's the only realpolitik you 've signed and will follow dude !, 
  even if russia wages war , they are not gon na wipe out the entire country , they have no reason to . 
  and if - well , thats what id call a damn good reason to go to war over , we dont like genocides very much anymore . 
  of course the counties are of the same importance , i am not saying we are more important . 
  i am saying ** for their benefit and ours , we should try for a peaceful solution and not undermine political realities just because of a treaty ** . 
  many countries break rules and laws . 
  the us did so many times before , and you are not calling them a `` nasty shit of country '' . 
  to be quite honest - if the last two decades of us politics had not been `` we go to war with who we want to , and spy on you in everything to do in the process '' , then the outcome of this poll may have been very different . 
  people in germany are sick of the shit the us is pulling when it comes to foreign relations , and we are certainly not going to go to war over interests that arent ours . 
     who did n't ? 
    it seems like too many have forgotten the aftermath . 
   here i see just a sole one . 
  and you dont see the irony in your words ? 
   i 'm warmongering and you said you 'll fight if there would be triggered article 5 after whole issue is developed on 58 % would not like to follow their nato contract . 
  where has the logic gone in this debate ? 
  im having a hard time even understanding what you are saying . 
  what i said is , if there really is a third world war , then i dont question that we will fight in it . 
  we are just not willing to start it , and are going to try diplomacy until bombs are falling on our cities . 
    furthermore - the soviet had good reasons not to fight . 
  as did the uk , as did america . 
  if they just attacked immediately in 39 , when the frontline was not spread across all of europe ? 
  different history . 
  probably one you wouldnt like . 
  certainly one i wouldnt like . 
   i just said the same , when one is being calm down in his wealth he 's driven mostly by cowardice of that 'd not be ruined . 
  fine . 
  while you wrestle bears or whatever , ill gladly be a coward . 
  i am perfectly happy with being called one if the other option is sending countrymen to die in a stupid war - and if you disagree with that , you should stop getting your knowledge on war from hollywood movies . 
   you did n't understand me what i said : i 'm saying you 'll rather die innocent of nuclear attack then change your retarded realpolitik shit and try to prevent any death in advance . 
  i fully did understand , and i agree : ill rather die from a nuclear attack than preemptively strike just because one could be coming . 
  we will not be the ones to start a war . 
  period . 
  realpolitik literally says what it is : real politics . 
  where it doesnt matter what your pride says , but where you actively work with what you have to try to achieve the best possible outcome for your country . 
  and for us , that is not going to war . 
     who talks about ukraine ?!, 
    a poll always has to be seen in context . 
  if you postulate a fascist mega-reich where russia , china and the middle east have banded together to eat babies and kill everyone else - sure , im all for defending us against that . 
  at the moment , the only military conflict close by is ukraine/russia , so ill base my answers on that . 
   and again , who talks about ukraine ? 
  if you ca n't imagine a thing i 'll follow your way and bring an example : this thread is made by german 's attitude of estonia and romania being attacked , there 's no ukraine in it . 
  i literally just told you who talks about the ukraine : the people in the survey . 
  thats how surveys work : they ask people about their current opinion , which obiously will be shaped by current events . 
  i can imagine things just fine . 
  i can tell you , for example , that the situation would not be different if we were talking about estonia and romania : ill rather let russia take them then start a third world war . 
  especially since an event like that would mean that there will be political will to punish russia for it - and russia would crumble if it were isolated by the remainder of nato . 
  thats realpolitik : using the power and resources you have efficiently . 
  nato has a large military - but a war on that scale would be devastating . 
  letting them bleed dry economically costs much less lives and money . 
  thats how we do our politics . 
   who did n't ? 
  it seems like too many have forgotten the aftermath . 
   because it will be one there no matter what you do after article 5 is triggered . 
  the point is that you on any cost should n't be the soviets from 1939 . 
  possible . 
  and if that happens , we will fight . 
  but what makes me say no in polls like these is stuff like afghanistan , where we were pulled into a fight that should not have happened based on treaties that didnt really apply .
