   it is , that 's what has been signed in the case that we are presenting here . 
  only issue to debate is the way and intensity of the counterattack , my opinion is that we should all be unanimous on that , but we must leave the decision on that to army leaders with politics that is just suggesting or being used for analysis . 
  war is never the only choice . 
  we fundamentally disagree on that - thats fine with me . 
  i wont try to change your mind . 
  you wont be able to change mine , and in this , most germans are of the same opinion . 
   the only reason why russia would power up nuclear weapons is the invasion on the russia territory so powerful that they are sure they ca n't defend unless you are magically able to guarantee this , it doesnt matter . 
  you are not russia , you dont know what they would do . 
  i dont either . 
  i wont risk it . 
   you do n't understand this issue i 'm afraid : i understand and dont care . 
  as long as there is a possibility of nuclear weapons being used , war is not an option . 
  even if there isnt , its very unlikely to be the best one . 
   imo there 's no possibility for a nuclear war . 
  excuse me for not making such decisions based on the opinion of a single croatian dude . 
  i disagree , there is nuclear weapons , there is a possibility of a nuclear war if one does not tread carefully . 
   a ) russia would not stop after xyz , it will stop after achieving goals b ) a grexit to european economy would have at least ten times bigger bad influence then any sanctions we could implement in the future to russia would have on them c ) you ca n't even compare , i repeat , you ca n't even compare russia 's compactness to that of eu you vastly , utterly overestimate russia . 
  why are you so afraid ? 
  the only thing russia has is tons of old nukes . 
  also , russia is like the epitome of a country thats not compact oo  nope , just your retarded realpolitik want it to be . 
  please read up on what realpolitik means . 
  i feel like i am discussing with a toddler . 
  did realpolitik steal your babies ? 
  or why are you so hateful of something that litteraly just describes a calculative approach to politics . _ . 
   tell me , does your knowing a few dozens of thousands russians could present you to be of the better knowledge about the issue then a studious observer of a russia 's and world 's politics ? 
  i 'm not telling i am later , just asking you a question ... 
  considering you very obviously have much less of an idea than i do , as you have not put forth any indicator that you have any more information on the situation in russia than just reading news , it may not make me more knowledgable than an expert ... but certainly more knowledgable than you , as you say you arent one yourself . 
   but ... leave the nato then : there 's no other way out !, 
  not in ideal politics . 
  in realpolitik , there is . 
  there , i am giving you reasons to hate it now , so you can continue yelling about it . 
  but seriously - contracts are contracts and people are people . 
  nobody in the nato will be surprised if germany advises caution when it comes to wars , as we always have . 
  are you really so naive to think there is any country that would never consider breaking a treaty ? 
   you ca n't argue on this dude , that 's totally wrong . 
  i 'm insisting that 58 % is a consequence of the fear/cowardice and you 're telling me `` it 's not , it 's just the fear of war waging against the russia . '' . 
  i have never stated that it isnt at least in part because we dont want war , and yes , we are afraid of it . 
  you should be too . 
  ** the only thing i am stating is that it is shortsighted to ignore political realities when discussing political opinions . 
  ** you know , political opinions are not funded on a single thing only ? 
  i tell you , as a german , those two things are the biggest political concerns at the moment . 
  if you chose to debate ignoring that , you cant be helped anymore . 
   we disagree : i think we should read the article 5 as it is written and as it is read by estonia and lithuania , and you want to read it under ukraine 's and libya 's light . 
  fuck estonia , fuck lithuania , fuck ukraine , fuck libya . 
  i want people that think before they act . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  if all you do in politics is follow stuff as it is written , how is there ever any change , any debate ? 
   to be honest , i ca n't even separate you and me living in the different nato member countries . 
  there are institutes called countries whose authorities signed a contract in the front of the people . 
  btw , i do n't think my country croatia in those polls would get as low as your 58 % ... and in a democracy , if the overwhelming majority of people does not want to go to war , then the politicians will have to carefully consider wheter they want to stick to the contract , because while their predecessors signed it , they signed to uphold the will of the people they represent . 
  thats democracy . 
    im not changing the rules . 
  i am merely saying : rather break the treaty once signed then go to a war i believe to be unjust or suicidal . 
   you are too late for that if - of course - you 're a real supporter of the peace . 
  so far , we have not broken the treaty , and i very much hope that we will never have to ask us that question . 
  if i would get to decide , the answer would be everything but easy . 
  we germans take contracts seriously - but after wwii , we take peace more serious . 
   who are we in your statement ? 
  i 'm sure my and your country will do the job if estonia would be invaded . 
  and i hope my country wouldnt , but instead , stop and think first wether its the only option . 
  if you insist on fighting , feel free - but again , if i were to decide , we would not just rush in no matter what . 
  thats who i mean by we - me and the people who think like me , given we were in a position of making that decision . 
  which we are only very indirectly via democracy - but i cant tell you what our leaders would say , only what i think . 
   this paragraph and my answer could be crucial for you to understand the issue , so : there would be no a nuclear war involving russia on one side and nato on other . 
  if there would be invasion on estonia ( and that is imo inevitably if your country would take steps you want ) then nato would react with the war . 
  if russia would be winning the war and conquer all the lands where soviets had power in communist time the war would end before western nuclear powers would trigger the nuclear attack on russia . 
  if nato would be winning the war and save up on estonia and others the war would end before nato land on russia territory ( and that 's the only reason why russia would use its nuclear bombs ) . 
  this paragraph is crucial for you understanding my position , so read it carefully . 
  a nuclear war has to be avoided at all costs . 
  i say : i am more than willing to sacrifice a lot of lives , money , and whatnot , to prevent it from happening . 
  yes , even if that means giving russia estonia . 
  or croatia , or even eastern germany back for that matter . 
  for your scenario : they all end with devastation . 
  if russia could mount an offense that would bring them to our german borders , the other nato countries would long have launched a counteroffense . 
  one side would win , and the loser would most likely withdraw to using nukes , which the other side would strike back against . 
  if they could not , and nato stroke back , russia would most likely use nukes to defend themselves , which again causes the west to strike back . 
  the only option i see that doesnt end in a nuclear war is if russia stops after a small country or two , and nato has enough restraint not to wage war , but to solve matters by means of money and goods : russia is in terrible economic shape after the sanctions . 
  i know , because i have friends , and my girlfriends family , who live in russia . 
  and because of that , i know how much less money normal people already have due to the sanctions , and how much many people ( including them ) wish putin could just stop with what hes doing . 
  if nato were to truly isolate russia , and punish countries accordingly that dont ( which is the bigger problem atm ) , russia could not stay liquid for long . 
   i 'm talking about personal interests of the people in germany and i 'm telling you that those 58 % are answered that way because they do n't want to die - they 'll rather refrain from a war and take their chances in this life . 
  of course they dont want to die !, 
  however , i can guarantee you none of those people were military , so they probably wouldnt anyways unless all is lost already . 
  however , no matter what : if you truly think you would prefer dieing in an unjust war to breaking some treaty , please go ahead and die somewhere where it doesnt endanger me or my country - because i certainly dont . 
   there were sanctions against russia presented and year after we have grexit issue that could n't be solved just because of one element : the turkish stream . 
  already commented on that earlier : sanctions are not only already hitting russia quite hard , but also are not enforced strictly . 
  also , the grexit is a completely different topic . 
   dream on ... 
  both on russia and me being some murican foxy dude ... you argue like one . 
  and since i actually know quite a number of russians living in russia , and you apparently dont , i dont think you are in a position to comment on that whatsoever . 
   i 'm not saying they 'll wipe out the estonia , they 'll just convert estonians to russians in legislative manner . 
  which i have no problems with whatsoever . 
  its still an international crime , and i am in favor of taking political means to punish it - but just because estonians are getting new passports and a shitty government , i wont agree with going to war over it . 
   ok , first you 've been involving ukraine in this issue and now you 're trying with usa . 
  yes . 
  we are talking international politics and current polling results . 
  you cant act like the current important topics that are all over the media in germany ( us spying and russian expansion to ukraine ) wont affect polls held in germany . 
  because people actually read news , you know ? 
   this issue has got nothing with the usa dude . 
  this 58 % survey result debate is the kind of future projection of erased estonia , latvia , lithuania and macedonia from world 's maps .
