israel specifically , but that applies to other countries too . 
  we have good diplomatic relationships with turkey or saudi arabia , and they are doing some not so good things , so most people think the government does n't say enough against their doings . 
  ( not trying to compare the situation , but the attitude of the people in terms of unconditional support )  what did n't you learn in school ? 
  the middle east conflict along with israel 's founding , at least in our history course , was not discussed . 
  it may be different in other states here , but still quite disappointing as it is an important aspect of world politics . 
  i think most people here would say that unconditional support for something is wrong , as there are principles you should stick to if you think they 're right , and that it is important to distinct between criticizing government and criticizing the people . 
  however , almost no one here ( the majority i would bet ) really questions the legitimacy , because it 's an entirely different mentality considering the past thus preferring a more neutral position on world politics , which means rather keeping status quo and peace . 
  another thing is that the topic is not really discussed , and not many ( including me ) know much about it . 
  i did not learn anything about it in school , probably because it 's a difficult topic ; we are mostly torn between keeping good relationships with countries and criticizing them . 
  the thing is : no free pass for anyone , but support nonetheless . 
  yep . 
  the thing is we did move on , as we had an actual [ * vergangeheitsbew\u00e4ltigung * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vergangenheitsbew%c3%a4ltigung ) ( struggle with the past ) in the second half of the century , with literature and historians dealing with what happened and merging this with the national identity , as you said , responsibility instead of public guilt . 
  wtf, 
  you know , democracy is not just free speech . 
  it 's also  human dignity , liberty , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities so * this guy that was thrown out * is , in fact , antidemocratic . 
  do you even / r/de ? 
  there is a memorial at his birthplace in austria too , but it is a * mahnmal * , meant as a warning and to memorize the past , not as a place of worship . 
  by arguing that everyone or most of them are rapists because they are muslims and threaten us by simply existing within our borders sounds pretty xenophobic to me . 
  you are * afraid * of * outsiders * . 
  your association was right , it 's just that i meant `` the '' historical one of 1939 . 
  since that invasion , the term became a synonym for the ( alleged ) new strategy . 
  the strategy might be a bit older in terms of wikipedia though . 
  absolutely . 
  i just meant the horrible things that came along with the first blitzkrieg ( yet also the reason of the invasion was of course not justified ) , rather than the strategy itself ( so the historical `` blitzkrieg '' , not the term ) . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  you 're right , but i specifically meant the blitzkrieg against poland , which was a raid against a peaceful nation , with mass murders of polish civilians , war crimes . 
  the blitzkriege afterwards were in context of the world war , but still the waffen ss continued to kill innocents . 
   many of those  recently  encouraged sure it is a factor , but the * only * one ? 
  the nazis were not just nazis because they killed people with gas chambers . 
  there are a lot of things that made them disgusting . 
  ... see blitzkrieg , rhetoric against jews , biological racism ( rassenlehre ) , nuremberg laws , social darwinism , war of extermination . 
  they were already disgusting human beings before 1939 , before they started the genocide . 
  but agree that one should not be too quick with those comparisons . 
  just empty words . 
  does n't he speak of `` europe 's cultural and religious identity '' ? 
  this is the thing many people ignore . 
  as if the eu is only there to force countries . 
  yes , you will have to pay in order to be an eu member , but it 's not like you do n't profit from it constantly . 
  yes it 's different , but the comment above was criticizing that this sub would blame the mob without doubt if it was a syrian mob and not german -- in terms of the cologne attacks they did it ( rightfully ) of course -- but here , they defend this mob although clearly being assholes as well , just simply because it is a german mob against asylum seekers . 
  sorry for that , i read your comment wrong , consider myself corrected !, 
  yeah i criticize some people on this sub for defending this mob . 
  ~ ~ no need to be passive aggressive ! ~ ~ let me explain : it is not about committing actual crimes ( let 's forget that this demonstration was not registered , which is a reason the police was outnumbered and stressed ) . 
  it is about saying `` this is wrong '' . 
  what this mob did was wrong , in terms of ethics . 
  they scared a group of people , for no reason . 
  if they are worried about their future , they should protest near actual politicians . 
  this mob used democracy * wrong * . 
  no , i was saying that in the cologne case , the mob was blamed by / r/worldnews ( which was right , although it was often indicated that this somehow applies to all muslims ) . 
  now , in this sub , people apparently do n't blame the mob , no , they defend it as a logical reaction to some policy . 
  double standards . 
  this is what / u/ookeuleoo said . 
  excuse me if i was unclear . 
   are they germans ? 
  do they have the same chances in society as germans do ? 
  the answer is no . 
  and that is true for `` them '' because you say that ? 
  why would turks in general that are born here and speak german do n't have same chances as germans with the same social status ? 
  just because they are not german ? 
  you ca n't just claim that this would be the reason aka `` cum hoc ergo propter hoc '' . 
  cem \u00d6zdemir is chief of the gr\u00fcnen party ; a cs docent i know is turkish ; my class at university had some turks . 
  this is an example of how they can have the same chances as me , a native . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't problems , but the conclusion clearly ca n't be to demand a homogenous society . 
  stop saying `` they '' ( like every migrant or person with a migration background falls in the same range ) refuse to be german and are all creating parallel societies . 
  there are people who do that and people who do n't . 
  depends on social issues and personality , experience and surroundings . 
  not just culture as the only factor , that is my point . 
   does your turkish friend consider himself a native ? 
  think about that one for a minute . 
  maybe that makes my point clear . 
  yes . 
  he said that multiple times if i remember correctly . 
  in this context we would often laugh about how stupid islamism or xenophobia is ... good times . 
  but i 'm not saying that there are n't migrants who say otherwise , just that you ca n't generalize . 
  of course i have , i even live in that area . 
  what is your point ? 
  people blamed the mob . 
  as it was done here on / r/worldnews . 
  in this case , the mob is somehow totally innocent according to this thread . 
  your point was ? 
  okay , but who says that you ca n't remain your identity and still oblige to the laws or socialize ? 
  many turks are integrated here , speak excellent german , study the same things , have `` intact '' ethics . 
  when they invite you to their house , sure you 'll see parts of their culture . 
  there is no problem with that , you agree ? 
  my childhood friend is a turkish muslim , and his family is great and kind , and they are top integrated here . 
  i often go to the local d\u00f6nergrill , chat with the owner , talk about football and too high taxes ( because fuck the federal financial policy ) . 
  yes , these are anecdotes , but it truly shows that the belief that `` different '' cultures are incompatible in general is wrong . 
  what leads you to think that they do not want to integrate , that `` they '' do n't care about us ? 
  i mean , they are individuals in the end of the day . 
  i do not define you by your culture either , but by your personality at first . 
  call me naive on that , but a homogene society is unrealistic and damaged . 
  do n't worry , i felt the same . 
  never had this sick feeling until now ... 
  of course these are legit concerns , and i also see that there are big tendencies along muslim countries to such outdated values . 
  while it is part of our value system to help everyone despite their origin though , it is in fact debatable to what extend it threatens our stability and culture . 
  i was talking about being labeled racist and letting prejudice decide our actions . 
  i strongly believe that the majority of refugees is sick of war and happy to live in an open-minded europe - they had jobs like we have , were wealthy or not wealthy like we are , are conservative or liberal like we are ; but then again , that is some kind of prejudice as well . 
  what matters is : our values have better arguments than those of extremists , and we europeans remain still the majority in europe after all , i really do n't think we have to worry about culture and values being overthrown . 
  although i question the values of merkel 's government lately , which cooperates with erdogan who gives a shit about values . 
  that might be true , because they are individuals . 
  did i claim the opposite ?
