  maybe he does not have much power , but he could be at least some kind of ( vocal ) opposition with his party instead of stepping down . 
  he did the cameron , leaving the hard part to others . 
  they probably think the budget for that would be better spent for real issues and funds , and therefore did not deem it as important . 
  but yes , in hindsight , it might have helped us appreciate what we have , or had . 
   you seriously believe in literally just a few days that this person started learning german and is already planning on moving to germany ? 
  * started * and * already planning * . 
  you can learn many languages for free on the internet , duolingo for example . 
  `` planning '' is a vague term . 
  it still is n't stupid : who knows what will happen , it is smarter to plan everything than to be hit hard when the day comes , and if he is already connected with german clients , it is not that hard to call them . 
  the whole industry in europe is awake now and seeks out for opportunities and damage control . 
  well what lead to this whole mess in the first place was a house of cards like strategy that failed . 
  reality is stranger than fiction , although it is indeed clear that they ca n't go back , they have to face a future without the eu . 
  underwood would have accepted it and worked out a plan by now . 
  the best that could happen to populism , from our perspective . 
  success is failure . 
  nigel farage came , the referendum was his high , he blasted his inner into the face of the eu parliament , and now he shall rest until he is horny again . 
  sorry for your loss ... 
  it 's part of their job raising awareness when say , they noticed an increase of robberies in an area . 
  do you want them to tell you everything is fine ? 
  implication , not equivalence . 
   what is with the cult like worship around the treaties or articles ? 
  you lose credibility if you ignore treaties and agreements . 
  which other nation wants to make trade agreements with you if you let your people decide later that your deal is not good enough ( since you had to make some compromises , just like the other side ) ? 
  you have to accept that not everything in the world can go according to your nation 's will . 
  just like merkel had to accept that her migrant plan is not wanted . 
   two countries who have done nothing but lose since the early 20th century yes . 
  we pity and regret uk 's decision to leave our union because we are losers of history . 
  a game of thrones would surely be beneficial to the continent !, 
  my school had a ( re ) teacher who said exactly this and taught his students that human made climate change was a lie . 
  we called that indoctrination , but i guess you could say that about everything . 
  you learn about your own political system and how your country works in school as well . 
  do n't act like knowledge is liberal/conservative bias . 
  understanding how the [ political system of the european union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union#/media/file:political_system_of_the_european_union.svg ) works should be the least you teach the public of an european country . 
  additionally , the ability to have * open discussions about advantages/disadvantages * of things in school is generally seen as an educational goal to achieve civil responsibility . 
  banning eu topics from schools does not help you form a critical intellectual opinion . 
  would you like to stop teaching children about democracy because it is some kind of indoctrination as well ? 
  good point . 
  it is definitely a problem with the public that has been for many years , and a completely different mentality on the eu all along . 
  the member states should make eu education mandatory , i do n't know about uk but in germany we learn about the eu in 5th grade . 
  denmark won the euros once , so i 'm looking forward to another underdog champion . 
  i think you meant the eu as a whole , because the eu parliament is directly elected by the people and probably the most reformable of all institutions . 
  keep in mind that eu has to balance democracy and sovereignty of its member states ( act by the will of the people and the state governments at the same time ) . 
  so it 's very complex and can not be simply described as `` undemocratic '' or `` unreformable '' . 
  we lost to italy at home , and we beat brazil at their home , so ... 
  perfect / r/the _ donald material . 
  some of the cartoons are pro brexit . 
  maybe they are so dense that they think they can convince them . 
  no , i mean that the member states have to accept the proposal/agreement first . 
  there ca n't be any fines without everyone agreeing that there should be fines . 
  and if the proposal is done , it would be up to the member states to accept or refuse them ? 
  you bet that , same reason as qatar got chosen . 
  nevertheless , more people get to experience the cup without needing to travel far , whether it is visiting the matches or just witnessing the atmosphere on the whole continent . 
  * `` that was pretty badass , richard . 
  until it was n't . 
  that would be wonderful . 
  you 'd compete with the nordic countries , so it will be a close race . 
  next euro is going to be all over europe , i hope they get a few games there as well . 
  we 're happy to get rid of the annoying british government , yes . 
  but loosening our ties with the british people , destroying instead of building bridges , is sad . 
  they do n't deserve this ... ( part of the 52 % do however ), 
  i love the analogies in this thread . 
  the one with pizza and yours are indeed accurate . 
  everything is worse than eu membership was . 
  they can act like they are the usa , canada or australia , but it does n't change the fact that the eu is their biggest trading partner , and deepest political/economical ties were highly benefiting to everyone . 
  not only the whole eu , even the usa and china profited from our union . 
  now everyone loses , but the uk loses the most . 
  out !, 
  out !, 
  out !, 
  you got ta admit that being elected to the eu parliament , not attending committees while bitching about the eu is still a dick move . 
  that 's not how you achieve `` independence '' . 
  yes , but they 're part british , so uk does n't have a right to only blame the bad eu for problems the eu might not even be responsible for . 
  the eu does not consist of aliens . 
  figure of speech , as in , we as humanity , or europeans . 
   i just ca n't understand those who are making the top decisions in eu those are representatives sent by member states . 
  it 's not like the eu is a completely unrelated institution that rules the member states , the executive itself consists of the governments of the member states , and the legislative of elected parliament members directly by the people . 
  the problem is probably rooted more deeply , it 's not just about who to blame . 
   if the eu were n't trying to force immigration quotas down their members states throats which has n't succeeded because a majority of the member states did n't want it . 
  i do n't know what you want exactly , or why the eu failed on this one . 
  are you upset because there are countries disagreeing with you ? 
  we 're the usa of europe . 
  i am proud being german , but i was always a little more proud being european . 
  now i 'm just ashamed . 
  unity and cooperation means nothing to you , and screw the effects on a global scale , right ? 
  we just destroyed 50 years of european unification . 
   be proud , but do n't make it your life exactly what the leave campaign did , based their decision on nationalism . 
  i think quite many people voted so because of the migrant crisis , while staying in or leaving the eu has almost no effect regarding that matter . 
  they blame refugees , and even citizens from other eu states , and the eu itself . 
  thanks ~ ~ obama ~ ~ uk, 
  that 's what animals would say !, 
  do n't believe these comments . 
  in rural regions of europe there are a lot of retarded people , it is true for any region in the world . 
  these negative views of the usa come from the fact that you are a very big and ` famous ' country , and they 're hearing stories instead of listening to the people living there , like we in this sub ( mostly ) do . 
  everyone has an opinion about such known wide countries while only few have seen it . 
  i do n't believe americans or europeans are any different in that matter . 
  well even then only those who elected him while in full possession of their minds would be retarded . 
  your comment sounds quite poetic . 
  i was actually having an internet argument today about whether or not turkey is part of europe . 
  guess my opponent and i were having the wrong view on it altogether . 
  do n't worry , wait until we rule the continent again , once and for all !,
