shit , this is making me rather happy that i left and that i 'll probably have a marriage/family visa when i move back to the eu . 
  i 'm hoping we do n't watch all the student and worker visas disappear as a knee-jerk response to this under the guise of `` reform '' . 
  would there to the same degree though ? 
  almost all the conflict there in the last 100 years that was the result of western countries getting involved . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i could see if you were talking about immigrants in general , but refugees not so much , especially ones cramming themselves into shipping containers and trucks . 
  `` clever '' or smart is n't the same as educated either and without a formal education * on top of * not likely being fluent in the language , you 're going to have a really rough time . 
  i have an engineering degree and could n't even get a work visa for the eu where i lived . 
  i could n't imagine not having a degree or at minimum a grade school education plus vocational training of some sort . 
  good luck with that . 
  try running on a platform that makes it easier for generally poor , un or undereducated people who likely do n't speak your language enter the country . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  eh not usually . 
  there are outliers like israel but usually citizenship and nationality are interchangeable . 
  one example being france where gaining nationality and gaining citizenship are the same thing . 
  hence my comment about saying what you mean being impossible . 
  i know full well what the problem is but it 's difficult to target it without being politically incorrect , causing outrage , and never seeing another election again . 
  yea , too bad it 's way more complicated to solve than to identify . 
  the immigration discussion is n't any better in my home country either . 
   maybe , just maybe , you should realise that not all immigration is alike , and that some is more problematic than others . 
  exactly this . 
  except it 's easier to just group all immigrants together ( but have everyone know what you * actually * mean ) because the second you start setting criteria based on the country people came from , religions , or income it 's political suicide . 
  it 's the same argument i hear in other european countries . 
  my friends in france and in austria would bitch non-stop about immigrants until you reminded that that * you * are an immigrant too . 
  then the tone changes to how different it is or how you 're an ` expat ' not an ` immigrant ' , etc. 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i wish people would just say what they actually mean instead of trying to lump in everyone who 's immigrated together . 
  rash , reactionary immigration changes/policies end up effecting all of us from refugees to highly-educated people ( hence why i went to france for my masters and not the uk ) . 
  if by `` spend time abroad '' you mean you pay for everything and do n't even get a work visa , then yes . 
  and are questionably legally working on a tourist visa . 
  i 'm still not sure how that program is legal . 
  i still do n't understand how the un and its affiliated organization can get away with not paying their interns across the board . 
  and then you ca n't be hired on directly after either . 
  you just get to work for free for up to six months . 
   and unpaid internships do n't seem that prevalent here . 
  are you kidding ? 
  they 're everywhere in the us . 
  it 's not as bad if you 're in a stem field but otherwise it 's pretty common . 
  go look at dc or nyc and how many unpaid interns there are . 
  the fucking state department does n't even pay their interns . 
  you get `` experience '' or `` school credit '' and that 's how they get around it ... just like a ton of other companies that require it to be for `` school credit '' . 
  i nominate you to the naming committee from henceforth . 
  because then the laws start to infringe in the right of the mother who already has a life of her own . 
  and if their parents are danish ? 
  given the crazy long process you have to go through and the several months waitlist , i 'd find that highly unlikely . 
  that 's why ireland still ca n't get it 's abortion laws changed right ? 
  because christianity is n't taken seriously ? 
  maybe it 's not an an individual level in a large part of europe but you still have religious based laws and traditions ( from abortion to gay marriage ) and the us , a western country here why i 'm bringing it up , takes its christianity dangerously seriously . 
  i thought this said ` refurbished ' for some reason . 
  my first thoughts were ` wtf are the remaking ghostship in real life ' and ` this is going to be bizarre ' . 
  in most of your cases that 's still liberating your own country from outsiders , which is not the case in syrian which has both outsiders and civil war . 
  there 's nothing to unite under . 
  dailybeast tipped me off to read the comments first . 
  thanks . 
  thank you for nicely explaining this . 
  i was too busy laughing at the thought of a common eu foreign policy to even formulate a response . 
  except it 's not a small price . 
  it can costs massive amounts of time and energy . 
  at some point things will have to be prioritized and sometime you find out to late you prioritized wrong . 
  i 'm a woman so i would n't walk in lots of cities at night by myself , so that 's a big part of it . 
  and i am american but i 've been living in europe a couple years , hence why i visit this sub reddit , and i 'm well aware of the difference in cities . 
  this is why i 've debating marking my flair as french sometimes . . or needing to have two flair . 
  and i guess the difference is you * can * walk around there and be fine , even at night . 
  i have coming to/from parties and friends houses . 
  it 's not my favorite but but you can . 
  i guess the issue to address is why is it considered so unsafe ? 
  a lot of my expat friends are scared of the 10th too because of the high amount of immigrants , it 's definitely not unsafe . 
  oh please , the 18th does not feel unsafe . 
  the police prefecture is there , for one . 
  it 's very diverse and home to a lot of immigrants and i would n't roam around by myself at night , but i still would n't call it unsafe . 
  some of the suburbs thought you could n't pay me to go to . 
  this right here is how you end up with the french / eu version of the patriot act . 
  be really careful calling for the arrest of potential terrorists or people who have behaved suspiciously but have n't actually done anything yet . 
  it sucks to have to wait it out but the alternative is arresting people of suspicion of every thing . 
   most people do n't understand that ~ ~ facebook ~ ~ pretty much ever site on the internet can * and does * easily track and profile you even though you do n't have an account and it does n't know your name . 
  i mean , you have to agree to cookies for pretty much everything nowadays . 
  a * house * in paris ? 
  excuse me while i laugh . 
  you need a four year degree to do basic jobs like work a rental car counter in the us . 
  that 's part of why so many people go into debt . 
  you are essentially eliminated even from most of the unskilled jobs without a degree . 
  it 's absurd and part of what is driving the sky high tuition and possible student loan bubble right now . 
  you need a four year degree in the us to work at the rental car companies here . 
  rental cars . 
  that should not be a requirement for something that could be replaced with minimal training . 
  given how much college here costs , we 've started placing ridiculous barriers to entry in the workforce . 
  your recent grad/apprenticeship programs in the uk are awesome and i wish we had more of those in the us . 
  underemployed is the word you 're looking for . 
  that was my first thought as well . 
  right . 
  except for that part where you ca n't make someone stateless and you ca n't deport your own citizens . 
  if he only has british nationality there 's not much too be done . 
  ... unisex toilets are in half the bars and restaurants in paris . 
  it 's just called a toilet . 
  and anyone can use it . 
  i wish the doors were open . 
  to get a work visa for the eu you first have to prove you ca n't hire some else that an eu national . 
  i 'm going to laugh if the brits have to deal with that now too . 
  it 's not just the leaders this time .
