  germany does n't have any control over the ecb . 
  petro dollar refers to the strength of the dollar due to constantly high demand around the globe . 
  and no , i 'm not obsessed with it . 
  you can keep it for all i care . 
  just stop complaining over other countries currencies , especially when they are n't even in charge of the currency . 
  using it as leverage is as unwise as making all the fuss over a few hundred refugees . 
  ( and no , the ones qualifiying for the quota are not economic migrants , they 're indeed refugees ) . 
  i agree with you , council and commission certainly are n't living up to my expectations , to put it mildly . 
  and neither does hungary and poland and the rest of the gang . 
  it 's been a shitshow from the very beginning , lots of mishandling , and lots of political play for domestic purposes on all sides . 
  so who is going to give in ? 
  probably nobody . 
  and there is not much to be done about it . 
  but fact is also , the eu budget is gon na face a loss of a few billions after brexit . 
  so it 's either someone stepping in and paying more , or cutting down the budget accordingly . 
  someone stepping in and paying more would now rely only on goodwill , nothing else . 
  with poland as the new economic powerhouse of the eu , keeping the budget as it s now will be hard to sell to any voter in any of the contributing countries . 
  the days of ee being that poor ex-sowjet block in need of financial aid are probably gone . 
  if there 's gon na be a reduction , it 's probably not because someone tried to use it as leverage , but more the result of adjustments to the budget in line with the new reality . 
  from a german pov it 's certainly not a cheat . 
  it may be beneficial to exports , and that also makes it beneficial to the importer who gets cheap goods . 
  but it also devalues our labor , savings and capital . 
  i and pretty much every worker want their currency to have value , purchasing power . 
  what you describe as a burden by having to supply the world with currency is in truth actually a benefit to the us . 
  the world wide demand for the petro dollar gives the us an advantage in purchasing power , and they make excessive use of it by importing stuff . 
  so why not reduce their purchasing power instead ? 
  that would fix their trade deficit as well . 
  you ca n't eat your cake and still have it . 
  what is it the us want ? 
  well paying jobs at home or cheap goods ? 
  if they want a higher valued euro , they 'd just have to call back their goldman puppet . 
   the dollar is different because it is the world 's reserve currency and because international trade is settled in dollars ( win the next world war to have the same privilege ) . 
  does n't really matter why , it still benefits the us unfairly . 
  work hard and be competitive and you wo n't need such privileges , 
  whatever , that 's not my beer . 
  and we have no obligations to keep the structure fund that way forever . 
  with the uk leaving , there 's need for adjustments anyways . 
  the us can get rid of the petro dollar anytime . 
  then they might see an increase in exports as well . 
  as if the dollar would follow a `` natural adjustment mechanism '' ... laughable , really . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  we were talking about a `` no '' win , which would mean the movement is n't that popular . 
  and as i said , forget about these promises . 
  talk is cheap . 
  i would n't even trust these promises if they were written down and made into law . 
  all it takes to undo the promises is removing the one who said it from his position and replace him with someone new . 
  if push comes to shove , political power even trumps the law . 
  especially when the stakes are that high . 
  saint patrick , save us all !, 
  well , after a `` no '' you said you 'd like to redefine catalonia 's fitting . 
  you ca n't do that alone after a `` no '' . 
  for that a `` yes '' win would have been neeeded . 
  so with whom are you going to sit down and talk about a redefinition ? 
  spain , of course . 
  forget promises . 
  a `` no '' would confirm to the spanish government that the status quo is sufficient . 
  they would have no need to redefine anything , or even make concessions . 
  a `` no '' would confirm the current situation , not anything that lies beyond it , like a possible federalization . 
  if `` no '' wins , and spain becomes a federal republic some time later , will you call for a new independence ref if you do n't like the new federal rules ? 
  would you give your life for it ? 
  or would that possibility make the status quo suddenly more appealing ? 
  the spanish government would be utter fools if they would even consider new negotiations after a `` no '' vote . 
  the turkish officials branded the mosque as a g\u00fclen enterprise , and therefore , according to their inner logic , linked it to terrorism . 
  that 's enough for hardcore erdogan supporters to answer this call with writing death threats . 
  title is correct , as the statements from turkey and egypt are partially responsible for the threats . 
  fucking over the poor is of course not a criminal plot , it 's systemic due to this particular philosophy of governance and set of economic laws . 
  if it were a criminal plot , someone could take legal action . 
  but if it 's an indirect mechanic of the system , people are already challenged with identifying the problem , have fewer ways of fighting it , and even get used to it . 
   could you develop ? 
  i fear this ship has sailed . 
  that was a rhetorical question . 
  we do n't need the guarantees over unhindered gas transit , since we already know that ukraine ca n't guarantee it . 
  ns2 eliminates that problem . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_dispute ukraine may or may not have cut it directly , it 's a classic `` he says - she says '' situation . 
  fact is , that europe received less gas , and ns2 would eliminate that problem , too . 
  if the gas supply would drop again , we 'd know for sure who was responsible . 
  the energy supply of a country is essential , it 's the lifeblood of the economy . 
  of course we want it to be as secure as possible . 
  every transit country is a risk , even more so if it 's politically unstable . 
  the same is true when it comes to poland . 
  with the current behaviour of pis and rising anti-german sentiments , we 'd be fools to give poland control over our supplies . 
  again , nobody can guarantee that the situation wo n't get worse . 
  it may seem unlikely now , but since a pipeline is a long term project , it also needs to take the unexpected into account . 
  ukraine bought gas from russia at least up to 2015 . 
  ns2 has been in the works way longer than that . 
  and who knows if not in a few years ukraine is back to buying gas from russia again ? 
  that issue is kinda irrelevant to wether ns2 should go forward or not . 
  i assume you 'd call anyone trading with russia a `` collaborator '' , right ? 
  singling out germany and france makes it look like you 're pushing a narrative here . 
  i assume you 'd call anyone trading with russia a `` collaborator '' , right ? 
  singling out germany and france makes it look like you 're pushing a narrative here . 
  i assume you 'd call anyone trading with russia a `` collaborator '' , right ? 
  singling out germany and france makes it look like you 're pushing a narrative here . 
  i assume you 'd call anyone trading with russia a `` collaborator '' , right ? 
  singling out germany and france makes it look like you 're pushing a narrative here . 
  i assume you 'd call anyone trading with russia a `` collaborator '' , right ? 
  singling out germany and france makes it look like you 're pushing a narrative here . 
  i assume you 'd call anyone trading with russia a `` collaborator '' , right ? 
  singling out germany and france makes it look like you 're pushing a narrative here . 
  i assume you 'd call anyone trading with russia a `` collaborator '' , right ?
