  so she took the discount in exchange for her signature , and might have honestly thought , she got a great deal . 
   and simply destroys lives lives have and probably always will be destroyed . 
  globalisation , isolation , wars , consumption , trade , religion , nationalism , liberalism , science , progress , it all destroys lives . 
  as long as societies and humanity at a whole change , lives will be destroyed . 
  one doesnt have to be a federalist or hardcore eu-enthusiast , whatever . 
  but attributing the eu with `` it destroys lives '' , not to say scapegoating , sounds a bit naive in regards to how mankind functions . 
  are you confused ? 
  i 'd like to add , that by having a higher democratic legitimation would also result in more power and a diminished role of national govs. 
  it 's kinda impossible to find a satisfying solution for eu-sceptics . 
  it 's either an undemocratic leviathan or a sovereignty destroying behemoth . 
  uk could very well act as tax haven , sure . 
  attract the big global american corps like google , microsoft etc. 
  i just would n't expect the eu to remain passive if that were the case . 
  ~ ~ precedent ~ ~ president trump told them . 
  then you take a step back , take a deep breath , and realize that this is not the world 's end . 
  if germany would spend according to the guideline , it would have the biggest military in europe . 
  it goes without further explanation why this is not wanted . 
  also , when quoting these contribution numbers , one should be careful about what they really are . 
  they are called `` input-numbers '' , and reflect the total amount of a state 's spending . 
  but they are not a good indicator on what nato actually gets out of this budgets . 
  one would have to look at the `` output-numbers '' , which are classified . 
  just one example would be pensions for for former warsaw pact soldiers . 
  these pensions count towards the `` input '' , but nato , of course , is n't really strengthend by that amount . 
  and they seem to make good cash . 
  that whole system sounds totally legit . 
  indiana jones and the temple of thor , his beard , and all you need to know about ips, 
  which would be also disney . 
  is n't their ip in relation to the original source material in the same category as my black-haired thor fanfiction ? 
  disney does n't own that ip , yet . 
  guess that makes it canon then . 
  not exactely sure why , but i picture thor at least to be black haired . 
   to counter a non-threat we do n't have to pretend here , it is a threat , and russia will have to react . 
  and it will cost them . 
  that they will lose this round as well seems inevitable . 
  150 yo oaks are probably worth more than 40 yo spruces . 
  would be my guess . 
  that 's quite a distorted view of the situation in germany and totally fails to mention any negative impact privatization of former state run services undeniably had . 
  what makes you think the eu would be happy about the uk leaving ? 
  i have n't heard such a statement from any of the eu officials . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/27/boris-johnson-says-britain-will-now-help-turkey-join-eu-despite/ besides that , it has been merkel 's position for quite a while that she is opposed to turkey becoming a member , instead she wants a `` privileged partnership '' for turkey . 
  i do n't know where the article you 've linked takes it 's headline from , but opening a new chapter on accession talks does in no way equal `` helping turkey '' . 
  i would n't call libertarians right-wingers in the first place . 
  there are left and right leaning libertarians , and often they describe themselves as not being a part of the left-right spectrum . 
  it shares the authoritarian core , which main goal is to get in control over other people 's lifes . 
  comes with no tolerance for dissenters or other beliefs and opinions and the use of violence to achieve the goal is not ruled out . 
  do n't let them dishearten you . 
   he told bbc scotland : `` if there is a possibility that the united kingdom breaks - ** which we do not hope ** - then i think we should have a positive relationship with scotland to find solutions . 
  just wanted to highlight this before any accusations arise over perceived hostilities , or whatever . 
  ya , there was way less hatred back in the day when black people just did their `` job '' and women knew their role . 
  i ca n't say that this sits comfortably with me . 
  back then human trafficking ( child prostitutes and workers ) was a huge problem . 
  the visa affair 2005 left a bad taste . 
  centralised in the eu probably means that there wo n't be a single entity in control over everything . 
  it usually means there is gon na be a centralised structure with agreed upon tasks and the absolute minimum of power necessary to get anything done . 
  we might see more incorporated units , but i doubt they will play a big role . 
  a joint defense does n't mean anyone is giving up on their own capabilities . 
  i will wear grandfather 's uniform . 
  go and fetch me the shovel , son !, 
  clearly a `` false flag '' - flag attack !, 
  what does n't kill us makes us stronger ... 
  crimea could be part of russia for all i care . 
  but the way russia proceeded is absolutely not acceptable . 
  it takes two to redraw a border . 
  doing this unilaterally is asking for trouble , to say the least . 
  seeing how russia does n't stop at crimea but also keeps supporting the separatist movement in eastern ukraine , makes talking about how this is `` just reversing a mistake '' a moot point besides that , bullies usually are n't loved , only weak people admire bullies . 
  if you now say `` y' all just hate him '' , you first might want to have a closer look at what you 're trying to defend here . 
  sock puppets had no interest in spreading the election results . 
  caledonia , catalonia ... most people wo n't even notice the switch . 
  i indeed fail to see that as bullying . 
  how are concerns over security issues bullying ? 
  it 's not like others are denying it just out of spite . 
  i do n't see any malicious intent at work here . 
  i think if there is something to gain for a country , it will apply pressure , even the smaller countries do that . 
  that alone is n't a bad thing , as we should n't turn a blind eye to each other 's issues . 
  internet : as a consumer , i would appreciate it if that would happen . 
  but it wo n't , simply for the reason that there is nothing to gain from it for others . 
  your internet speed is a competitive advantage , i do n't see how it would be in romania 's interest to force others to step up . 
  co2 emissions : of course , a noble goal . 
  but with forcing lower emissions onto germany , other countries would shoot themselves in the foot , as they too are dependant on production in germany . 
  these numbers are not arbitrarily made up , the difference reflects the make up of each country 's economy mix etc. 
  privacy laws : germany too has one of the highest privacy standards . 
  look up germany on google street view ... you somehow got the part about free speech on facebook a bit wrong here , tho . 
  that 's not what is happening . 
  i 'm also not sure where this mass spy programs stuff is coming from , did you get something mixed up here ? 
  that said , i get what you are worried about , but i do n't find the examples convincing . 
  ca n't see how a mult-speed eu would suddenly allow some kind of bullying . 
  that 's why the comission said you meet the requirements , but council still has it 's reservations . 
  the risk of `` blackmailing '' is always there wherever a unanimous vote is required , that is not something specifically tied to a multi-speed eu . 
  i 've only read that there were `` concerns over corruption '' , but not what exactly these concerns entailed . 
  that a decission does appear arbitrary is nothing new . 
  there always has been a political side to such decissions . 
  sending a message , reward or punish someone has always been in the toolset . 
  that 's probably why people negotiate and in the end , come together . 
  remember visa rules for ukraine ? 
  there have been ressentiments for years over corruption , human trafficking , smuggling . 
  but these ressentiments were dropped after crimea ... 
  politics !, 
  there were concerns over corruption afaik . 
  undoubtedly still a valid reason considering how hard the romanian government tried to drop the ball on fighting corruption lately . 
  is the government able to do something about these concerns ?
