  even in a world where human rights and international law would seem to have no meaning , this solution would be idiotic . 
  why even bring them to europe then ? 
  well , and then ? 
  keep them there til they die of old age ? 
  no language courses or professional training so they can start integrating ? 
  you still have n't answered where these other camps would be located , besides saying `` europe '' . 
  yes , of course , but where in europe ? 
  even distributing them to camps in europe would still require some kind of a quota system . 
  and then leave to where ? 
  camps in africa would lead to ee dropping their resistance to quotas ? 
  culture does n't stop at the borders . 
  and in addition to that , on this continent we had shifting borders and population changes for , basically since we had borders in the first place . 
  norwegians have stuff in common with swedes , swedes with danes , danes with northern germans etc. 
  that 's how we are all connected through the whole continent . 
  in the long term , it 's not been our nation states that impacted our lives the most , it 's the land , the people . 
  living at the coast breeds different people than living in the alps . 
  agricultural regions differ from industrial ones , and so forth . 
  of course , the bigger the distance between the countries , the bigger the cultural differences . 
  but there is still common ground to be found everywhere in europe . 
  police always has a legal ground to intevene with violent protesters . 
  that they let them march through the streets and torch them cars is not because there is no legal framework . 
   extreme right wing parties  no healthy conservative party i 'm gon na citate franz josef strauss somewhat freely here : `` right of the csu can only be retardation . '', 
  if afd and npd are too retarded for your taste and the cdu not conservative enough , well , tough luck . 
  ca n't complain over a lack of alternatives , especially when it comes migration with the choice provided . 
  there is no need to cover every shade of brown . 
  it 's not the peaceful protesters threatening the property . 
  applying your logic , we might as well go with `` why does the g20 meeting have to happen in the city ? 
  ca n't they meet somewhere else ? '', 
  no , because both have the right to be there . 
   that 's how it works in the real world in which it 's not always clear who 's peacefully protesting and who 's not . 
  you are confusing what is happening in your head with the real world . 
  we are discussing events that are taking place right now , in the real world . 
  there is a law that makes it illegal to torch someone 's car . 
  does it prevent such things from happening ? 
  no , it still happens . 
  do you think the rioters give a shit about a protest being banned ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  so what 's the point of banning peaceful protesters ? 
  the rioters will show up anywhere , anytime . 
  the only ones your approach would punish is the ones who do the right thing by following guidelines and the law . 
   not much of a choice in germany  people drift off to extreme right wing parties so there is a choice ? 
  `` perhaps i should only protest out in the open fields where nobody else is confronted with what i have to say because it might upset them '' see how ridiculous that is ? 
  the peaceful ones are not the ones destroying property , why are you trying to hold them responsible for it ? 
  there are good reasons why protests are allowed as long as they remain peaceful and follow guidelines . 
  are you sure it 's not just the message these people are sending that you are having a problem with ? 
  which moral code would not only deny these protesters their rights , but also put the blame on them ? 
  `` things i do n't like should be illegal '' is no moral code . 
  i 'm so fed up with americans coming to / r/europe for it 's free education system . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  they have the right to protest . 
  they do n't have the right to torch cars . 
  that 's a clear line . 
  the violent protesters ca n't use `` but the climate enabled me '' to their defense . 
  so why should we blame the peaceful people for the other group 's actions ? 
  the peaceful ones are completly off the hook if they do n't break the law . 
  not imo , but rechtsstaat . 
  not his mind , the law defines the valid reason . 
  it 's even better for the next generation since parents now also get to choose a name from harry potter , the hunger games , any botanical lexicon or the un-city registry . 
  we ca n't really force breakthrough in any field anymore . 
  and i do n't think we are trying , nor should we . 
  research is afaik now really focused onto very specific topics . 
  those still require lots of input , but offer only small returns , or returns that are n't monetizable yet . 
  it 's more like we already got the easy achievments , and now we 're trying to get the last ones , those that require real effort and focus . 
  like you said , alzheimer . 
  compare the efforts in trying to find a cure with the development of penicillin . 
  that might be the same difference like between building a mac in a garage and building a quantum computer . 
  lhc , semiconducters , fusion reactors , all huge projects that deliver breakthroughs , but they are small , require huge investments and are not monetizable yet . 
  biotech still lacks the one `` killer application '' , and we might never see such a thing , because it also focuses on smaller scale projects . 
  but it is certainly a field where a single breakthrough can suddenly solve many problems at once . 
  then there are things where we are making progress , but it is not measured into growth . 
  there 's probably been quite a few inventions of new housing insulation materials . 
  and in the 60s or 70s they all would have made it to the market . 
  but now we know beforehand if this stuff just poisons the inhabitants and usually refrain from selling it . 
  that 's progress , too , but does n't make it into any growth statistic . 
  and last but not least , we 're still bound by the physics of our universe . 
  if you want to go from a to b , it 's gon na require at least this certain amount of energy . 
  the sources to choose from are limited , the materials are limited , safety and environmental requirements have to be met etc. 
  if we get into conflicts because growth and progress metrics are not satisfying , we definitly should look into these metrics first , before doing anything stupid . 
  which kinda translates to : companies have a hard time selling stuff because everyone already owns a smartphone , tv and a car and the new wifi-fridge does n't sell as well as it was supposed to so we better bomb everything to pieces and reset the counter because it is still the best way to ensure growth . 
  right ? 
  if america insists on solidarity , they could always offer their gas cheaper , free market yadayada . 
  i 'd even prefer american gas over russian even if they merely match the price , they would n't have to undercut it . 
  they swallow their pride for even less . 
  russians are so good with duping others , they even duped ukraine 's own poroshenko into a deal . 
  two world wars and decades of communist rule could n't bring down western civilization , but somehow now is the time where we need to show the will to survive ? 
  gim me a break ... we 've all seen movies where the evil guy tries to rule through fear . 
  and now that it is happening in front of us , people still fail to recognize it . 
  amen, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-x9vpstqzk8 if that does n't answer the question about identity , society , values and culture once and for all , i do n't know what else to tell you . 
  ca n't really pin that on environmentalists . 
  conservatives just decided to put economy over environment . 
  that 's where these two groups are regularly at odds . 
  the only way to make a conservative care for the environment is offering him a way to make money out of it . 
  yes , it is the tip . 
  but we are talking about the agreed amount , not about all the others . 
  and no , the ones included in the agreed amount are not economic migrants , they are already registered and approved . 
  there is no precedent , because new ones would have to be agreed upon again . 
  and so far , nobody asked ee to take more . 
  it 's a single case , nothing else . 
  it 's not internal politics .
