  and then they 'd still not have a product they could sell . 
  without the eu , they also would n't have easy access to a market to sell their goods . 
  and the expats would n't be able to earn money outside of greece , they 'd still sit at home waiting for jobs that simply wo n't come . 
   stuck in a currency that 's geared towards what 's best for the german economy the world economy gives a shit about what germany wants . 
  in a capitalistic , free trade oriented world there are two rules relevant for all of us : 1 . 
  have capital 2 . 
  be competitive that 's not a german invention , but we have to follow these rules , wether we like or not . 
  and btw , british banks are welcome to pay for greece 's debt . 
  be as generous as much as you wish us to be . 
  but since quite a few brexiteers voted `` out '' to be relieved of any responsibilty for `` german debt colonies '' , i guess that 's not an option . 
  i hope [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss5prnl894q ) is the right one . 
  i knew they should have made john cleese speak german !, 
  [ nsfw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfhoofvuk9y ), 
  [ not yet , kameraden , not yet !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4anbzsnjx9q?t=4m24s ), 
  [ right ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/10/theresa-may-still-awaiting-call-from-donald-trump ) . 
  although this may not convince you otherwise , it may at least make you question , if trump is really someone who knows what he is doing . 
  tja , should have read goethe then , no ? 
  was wondering why she kept looking up , towards the sky . 
   while yet a child , and ignorant of life , i turned my wandering gaze up toward the sun , as if with him there were an ear to hear my wailings , a heart , like mine , to feel compassion for distress . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prometheus_ ( goethe ), 
  i know plenty people who tried to screw over other people 's children to benefit their own . 
  that stuff already starts with kindergarten and only tends to get worse . 
  having kids or not really does n't make me trust anyone more or less . 
  i really have no problem believing that . 
  but for sure we can trust leaders with children , because enriching themselves and their family has never been a goal for any of them ... now if you would excuse me , i have some hunting and gathering to do . 
  we do n't have to fully sanction russia . 
  we just have to keep widening the gap between our economies . 
  russia wo n't be able to keep up , just like it was n't able to keep up during the cold war . 
  if the russians are ok with running the country on just oil and gas revenue , that 's fine . 
  just do n't act surprised if that money some day stops coming in , for whatever reason . 
   and leave your opinion about where our territory lies to yourself . 
  nope . 
  i did n't say history is offer , we 're far from end times . 
  and i also do n't suggest anything like being complacent , or whatever . 
  but the game has changed . 
  i do n't know what historians once will call this period . 
  maybe it 's the `` oligarch wars '' , who knows ? 
  that was n't the point . 
  the point is , that putin gambles away the fresh start russia got to enjoy after the cold war . 
  once the russian oligarchs are gone and their money sits inside foreign bank vaults , inaccessible to the russian people , you might realize that russia just has lost the next war . 
  then russia will be even worse off than it was after the cold war . 
  you can rebuild russia , that 's why i said russia should focus on russia . 
  but the adventures in other countries do n't help with rebuilding . 
  as for restoring , that is just not going to happen . 
  those times are over , the sooner you guys realize that , the better . 
  do you see the uk , france or germany trying to restore their former glory ? 
  of course not , because that would be pointless . 
  are these countries less successful because of it ? 
  for sure not . 
  it 's up to you if you wan na shit on outsider 's opinions , but maybe you should be aware that these outsiders were crucial to any rebuilding that got done so far and will so be in the future . 
  without them investing in russia or buying russia 's products , there simply wo n't be much rebuilding . 
  russia is a cornered bear . 
  we know it ca n't harm us if we do n't get too close to it . 
  we 're waiting for the bear to realize his situation and calm the fuck down and go back to his territory , which for sure is already big enough to do whatever the bear wants to do . 
   and that goes for absolutely everyone it does n't . 
  people usually learn to differentiate . 
  some things are just no laughing matter . 
  russia is neither an empire nor a superpower anymore . 
  it would be healthy to cut down the kind of entitlements that come with such a status . 
  russia has as many rights to crimea as austria has rights to a mediterrenean port . 
  welcome to the club of former empires , colonial powers and other countries with shattered aspirations . 
  cold war is over , sowjets lost , and nobody cares anymore what bases russia surrenders . 
  crimea , eastern ukraine , syria etc , these issues are just a pain in the ass , but they are not part of a winning strategy . 
  it costs russia a lot while at the same time it achieves nothing . 
  it does n't result in more security or more wealth for russia , it does the opposite . 
  russia should focus on russia , within its own borders . 
  just like any other normal country . 
  at home , you have your nukes and nobody is going to attack you . 
  that alone is already more safety than most other countries have . 
  especially those neighbouring russia . 
  chances for eu membership of ukraine were and still are smaller than turkey 's . 
  and even if ukraine some day would have joined , that still would n't give russia any rights to invade and annex . 
  there really is n't much to discuss about it . 
  the eu association treaty did n't threaten the russian base . 
  russia simply saw an opportunity amidst the chaos and acted . 
  is that now a quality in politicians we are looking for ? 
   you do n't expect me to cite articles and prove inaccuracies in every one of them do you ? 
  actually , i do . 
  until you provide that , it 's all lies to me . 
  and again , nothing but unproven statements , no proof for any such things delivered , not even an example . 
  that 's all there is to your `` objective '' truth . 
  lies and propaganda . 
  `` mere concern '' can be expressed and is expressed . 
  it 's amazing how people can unironically say things like `` i do n't like migrants , but if i 'd say that loud ... '' . 
  the fuck ? 
  totally ignoring that they just said it , their post getting likes , and these kind of opinions are being discussed , with no interference from the state . 
  of course you were writing about your personal opinion . 
  you are not the speaker of the polish government , nor are you an elected ambassador to reddit , or whatever . 
  like i said , your opinion may be present in poland , but it 's not representing . 
  and to be clear here , i have no disdain for poland and the polish people , but i 'm running out of patience with people who rather stick to conspiracies and lies and let their hatred blind their view instead of accepting facts just because of their personal issues . 
  what are the raw facts showing that there is a `` full fledged hate campaign in german media '' ? 
  just taking this as an example , i 'll wait here for your evidence before i continue to respond . 
  and to spare you from doing some research : criticizing does n't equal hate . 
  just for the case that this what you had in mind ... 
  if someone feels opressed because he is not allowed to write `` we should gas all refugees '' , so be it . 
  not opressing this kind of speech means giving it space to develop and spread . 
  and which civilized country has an interest in seeing this kind of view becoming a valid , widespread opinion ? 
  one can be critical or even against migration and expressing that is absolutely legal , if done in a civilized manner , without calling for violence or leaving the boundaries of our civilization . 
  nobody in the eu needs to negotiate with poland if they want to do business with russia .
