  confusing germany with the entire eu seems to be an important building block in your worldview , but that does n't really help with your `` negotiation '' tactics . 
  if you want to be taken seriously , i recommend to drop all that conspiracy crap , where `` poland under tusk was servile '' , that there is a `` hate campaign in german media '' and other country 's leaders are `` germany 's people '' . 
  it 's also not germany trying to enforce anything , the quota is n't meant to benefit germany , it 's for the border states . 
  also , poland can protest ns2 all day long , why would germany care ? 
  either poland finds a legal reason for why it ca n't be built , or it does n't . 
  wether the government protests or not has zero influence . 
  it might make a difference if your government had any reason to expect good will . 
  but starting a hate crusade against germany did n't elicit any surplus , so we 're starting to run low of good will , sorry . 
  indeed , positions are set , but there are no negotiations . 
  you 've brought forth quite a few demands , but you have nothing to offer . 
  nothing but threats , conspiracies and hate . 
  even if there were anything to negotiate , why would anyone sit down with your government for serious negotiations ? 
  barking from under the us ' skirt is n't as much impressive as you think it is . 
  we had a good relationship with poland over the last decades and you wo n't find any instance where germany did n't treat poland as an equal . 
  if pis wants to throw that away and the polish people are fine with it , so be it . 
  but i do n't think pis is even anywhere close to your level of craziness , or that your particular views are widespread in poland . 
  present , yes , but not representing . 
  our countries are going to be neighbours for as long as our countries exist , and , like it or not , we 'll find a way to get along . 
  the spin you are trying to apply to recent events sounds like something from a parallel universe , sorry . 
  negotiations , really ? 
  what are we negotiating ? 
   whining now is pitiful . 
  the only one whining is the polish government , over reparations . 
  our customs are not `` do not wear a headscarf '' . 
  our customs are more like `` wear whatever you want '' . 
   astaunirostock/posts/1373774239354064 the asta stated what they thought of the prof. 
  if the students disapprove this statement , then not only can they make their own opinion heard , they can afaik even vote for new asta leadership . 
  i do n't get this outcry over a facebook post , sorry . 
  you said `` i fear that this behaviour is accepted '' . 
  fact is , most people outside a campus do n't give a shit about what student groups write on fb . 
  and the students themselves can change it if they want to . 
  what 's the point ? 
  do we need to protect the prof ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the prof is an adult who can handle criticism . 
  and if there is anything defamatory or insulting going on , he can take it to court . 
  it can be a sound business strategy . 
  depends on who frequents his bar . 
  there are plenty of discotheques , bars and clubs in germany that `` filter '' their clients and shut out minorities . 
  why are you bothered by `` outcry on social media '' ? 
  get used to it . 
  what matters are court decissions , and a at least somewhat clever owner has ways to make sure he is not getting dragged to court for discriminatory behaviour . 
  let 's assume the worst , namely a politican overstepping the bounds , maybe even doing something illegal . 
  you think that would be considered normal in germany ? 
  more normal than in , let 's say , croatia ? 
  ask your local bar owner how he gets rid off of unwanted guests . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most bar owners know how to get rid off of clients they do n't want to service , without putting up a sign . 
  see , that seems to be the difference between our countries . 
  we were not laughing at these students , we shook our heads . 
  but tell us the rest of the story . 
  did the professor survive ? 
  how about letting a business owner decide with whom he wants to do business ? 
  you guys rant about politcal correctness all the time , but are the first to cry `` discrimination '' at the slightest hint of misconduct . 
  btw , the landlord and the brewery , both state `` economical reasons '' , which probably means that this guy just could n't pay his bills anymore . 
  he would n't be the first trying to shift the blame for his own business failure onto something else . 
  still did n't work tho , did it ? 
  what do you want ? 
  one referendum to vote , and if its outcome is n't `` out '' , there wo n't be any other referedum ? 
  or should there be a waiting period ? 
  what is your plan ? 
  what if the country wants to get back in after 5 , 10 or 15 years ? 
   this referendum would be none of your or any other countries ' business . 
  what is this supposed to mean ? 
  are you afraid of other countries influencing how people vote in your country ? 
  does every generation get to vote ? 
  should we limit all memberships to 10 years and then ask for a new vote , and if people reject membership , undo everything that has been done ? 
   but it also does n't seem like the eu is making any plans to actually help stop migrants from entering europe maybe you 're just underinformed ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/07/27/france-plans-migrant-processing-centres-libya/ https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/27/world/europe/italy-plans-naval-mission-off-libya-to-stop-migrant-boats.html?mcubz=0, 
  should n't take 27 years to pass food legislation . 
  people want the mass . 
  it 's not mandatory , if that 's what you were thinking . 
  people are not buying the coffin from the church . 
  it 's for the priest and mass . 
  your comment is more about how you see yourself rather than adressing anything / u/fluchtpunkt said . 
  it 's always the unknown unknowns we have to worry about . 
  i doubt anyone was in danger on that plane . 
  the fuel situation looks like just the regular `` hidden card in the sleeve '' - tactic we often see used in russian provocations . 
  they knew beforehand what could happen and had that card ready to play . 
  prisons are full of people who thought they had figured it all out . 
  does n't matter if they are dumb as a rock or geniuses , they simply ca n't think beyond their own limitations . 
  simplier put , they do n't know what they do n't know . 
  if you want to take the post literally , i can do a count for germany : 0 out of 4 . 
  what about all the complaints over russia threatening poland 's security ? 
  that thing is over ? 
  good . 
  and there is no feasible scenario in which we would be not dependant on russian gas . 
   so america ca n't unilaterally sanction the state-owned companies of a non-eu country , russia , over non-eu matters , the ukrainian conflict & election meddling , without clearing it 's foreign policy through the eu first ? 
  else the eu will sanction us to protect russia ? 
  of course the us can unilaterally decide over sanctions . 
  but why would they ? 
  why not consult the eu and implement sanctions that do n't aim at european companies when they should be aimed at russia ? 
  there are plenty other opportunities to do exactly that . 
  if the us wants to punish a russian company over the meddeling , fine . 
  if the us punishes european companies for russian interference , well , wtf ? 
  this is not about protecting russia , it 's about protecting our companies and interests . 
  `` money ! '', 
  if you want to be offended , feel free to do so . 
  as the saying goes : `` if the shoe fits ... '' . 
  have a nice day !, 
  nope . 
  it did n't hit on regular people fearing extinction .
