  belgium can spend whatever it wants as long as it can afford it , it is that simple . 
  the problems in greece have been accumulated over decades and it was a mixed bag that lead to it , that 's right . 
  but when we try to fix this mixed bag , it would be imo not right to just adress the problems with rules of the eurozone , but not the problems of the greek economy . 
  the next crisis might be already in the making , with trump working on rolling back the banking regulations . 
  guess we 'll see if the `` pathetic eurozone '' learned anything from the last one . 
   printing money is a legit option , britain did it and america did it , and they were out of the gutter earlier than the eu . 
  you just can not do it forever . 
  i agree . 
   very short sighted german interests prime over real solutions the real solutions in the case of greece are not an increase in goverment spending , since those are , as we both seem to agree on , cyclical short terms solutions . 
  anti-austerity for greece is like renewing a band aid on a gushing wound . 
  it wo n't prevent the patient from bleeding out . 
  the global economy is n't the same it was when the euro was introduced . 
  good luck getting away with printing money without some kind of assurances like the eurozone provides . 
  by bringing hitler into this i 'm getting the impression you are the one exaggerating , i 've never heard of this argument . 
  also , if you look at the greece , then what is definitly proven is that reckless government spending is disastrous . 
  if the government spending vanishes in wages , and those wages vanish in imports , then in the end there is nothing left to show . 
  that is not how sustained growth is created . 
  look at the former tiger states , then the tiger cub states . 
  the growth does n't appear magically , it comes with sacrifices and future problems . 
  and it is not stable . 
  if the growth is n't rooted in the own economy and relies too much on currency politics , it is easier for outside influences to bring the developement into a halt , or even crash the card house . 
  i was n't painting this picture for the eurozone , but for countries in consideration of leaving the common currency . 
  sorry i did n't make that clear . 
   are you implying that piigs countries are uncapable of producing goods ? 
  no , but the effect of the euro is the same on all exporting countries in the eurozone . 
  so a lack of exports ca n't be really blamed on monetary policy . 
   this is absolutely wrong . 
  once you find the sweet spot , you stay there . 
  easier said than done . 
  without the right tools to support it , one might find that a bit more difficult . 
  there are more contributing factors to the value of a currency than just the money supply , and the smaller the economies are , the less control they have over these factors . 
   a lot of countries have their own currencies and their economy is growing much faster of the one of the eurozone . 
  you might want to look at these countries and see what price they are paying for the growth and what kind of struggle that actually is they are facing with keeping the value somewhere reasonable . 
  usually it involves just prolonging the inevitable over several decades with increasing sacrifices . 
  i think there is a difference between what southern europeans perceive as being said about them and what is actually said . 
  i 've never heard that accusation from any official , politician or a somewhat reputable news source . 
  pointing out a bloated public sector for example is n't accusing anyone of being lazy . 
  a devalued currency without a product someone is willing to pay for wo n't do much . 
  and if you have to cheapen your product too much , you might as well stop producing it , because then you are just slaving for the buyer . 
  and at some point , one will have to find the sweet spot and then stabilise the currency . 
  if at this point the economy is n't able to support the value , it 's gon na going down again . 
  that 's the downward spiral many countries would probably face if it were n't for the euro . 
   think about it like this . 
  countries that can print their own money never have to default on their debts -- they can always inflate them away instead -- but ones that ca n't , because , say , they share a common currency , might have to . 
  just the possibility of that , though , can be enough to make it a reality . 
  it 's so easy !, 
  just print money !, 
  and by the time you have devalued your currency down to the point that you literally ca n't purchase anything and your population already uses a foreign currency for their daily needs , you can just start a war or something like that and get a fresh start afterwards with a brand new currency !, 
  it 's easy to blame austerity or the euro , and at least it does keep away the blame from anything else that might have played a role in the cause of the crisis . 
  that was the needed context , thanks !, 
   he is a heir , a dandy and a showmaster . 
  racist , paranoid and narcisstic without question so , would you really find it far-fetched to believe that he might find playing the role of a generalissimo , gr\u00f6faz or chief crusader not enjoyable ? 
  this guy already asked for military parades . 
  if the point is reached where military success is needed to support his popularity or a war to ensure his re-election , i would n't bet on his isolationism . 
  wenn as arscherl brummt is as herzerl g ` sund !, 
  if there is even a clear line in his words and actions towards russia , then it may , as i said , just a shift . 
  moving away from antagonizing russia towards muslim countries . 
  the posturing against russia has n't been very successful , and there is clearly no willingness to go further with it . 
  so shifting the focus onto countries like iran is understandable . 
  it 's a much easier target . 
  i also do n't see any indicator that he wo n't start some new wars in , lets say somalia . 
  i doubt that he sees his vow to `` eradicate radical islamic terrorism '' as fulfilled by enacting a travel ban . 
  there for sure is more to come . 
  i think that his isolationist stance is so far only an impression he is trying to sell . 
  economically , we 'll see how far he is willing to go . 
  and militarily , we may see a shift in target or alliance policies , but most likely nothing that would end existing conflicts . 
  [ old habits die hard ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/01/world/middleeast/donald-trump-yemen-commando-raid-questions.html?_r=0 ), 
  damn , i missed the joke ? 
  feels indeed bad then . 
  no , and stop giggling . 
  if you are looking for gay fish , i 'd say k\u00e4pt 'n iglo is your man to ask , or whatever . 
  one only gets to be successful in the fishing industry if the fleet is run like the royal navy : with rum , sodomy , and the lash . 
  to be fair , the nonstop-wars thing has been established before obama and will go on for the near future . 
  the us president who is willing and able to stop these is n't probably born yet . 
  [ why hello there , of course we like this guy 's sticks !, 
  there are plans for the worst case scenario . 
  for germany , it involves getting nuked . 
  but jokes aside , i agree that the eu needs to go ahead with planning for the worst case scenario , that now involves fighting without us support . 
  big enough to provide a fig leaf to cover up the shame , 
  that is true , and it 's also true for the opponent . 
  neither side can just conjure up troops and equipment . 
  / u/bozhidar _ madzharov seems to have a plan and the will to go through with it . 
  good luck is just in case he is getting jinxed while trying to get there ... , 
  britain is about to leave the eu . 
  that leaves the eu with only france as nuclear power . 
  since you were mentioning the eu and not nato , it felt appropriate to correct that . 
  that no other eu country so far has considered getting their own arsenal is only partially due to the non-proliferation treaty . 
  the bigger reason has always been the willingness of the usa to stand in with their arsenal for the safety of other non-nuclear states . 
  and this willingness seems to have taken a hit , even before trump was a thing . 
   the eu has two nuclear nations not for much longer . 
  that is still something that needs to be figured out for the future . 
  in the event of a war , especially with russia , then the nato guidelines on spending would n't mean much , since the numbers would probably rise even higher . 
  i think it is fair to assume that a full blown war would n't be fought with a peace time budget . 
   if our psd and alde would be kicked out from their eu parliament groups would be a start . 
  that indeed would have been reasonable imo . 
  more ballsy ? 
  what should the eu have done ? 
  kick out the romanian government ? 
  that is still the voter 's job . 
  if you are talking about the struggle against corruption , and it is not about money , well , you had the moral support of the eu , if that is worth something .
