for the cost of 1 german border officer , we probably get 10-15 somalis . 
  if we add the costs for building and maintaining a fucking wall , plus the workforce spent on bureaucratic bullshit , this approach might be much more effective and cheaper . 
  at least it is worth a try . 
   an act of democracy has taken place , there is a transition period and we will work with the current and future administrations to ensure the best outcomes for britain . 
  the only reason johnson had to say these words , is to make the other foreign ministers look bad . 
  as if they somehow questioned the democratic process itself and it 's outcome and would n't understand how a democracy works . 
  this fits nicely in with his `` the eu is undemocratic '' - rhetoric . 
  about the emergency meeting : this is the first time within the last decades that nobody from the candidates party or from his campaign , was willing , or able , to further clarify a candidate 's position . 
  so our governments are indeed a bit clueless about what to expect from him . 
  spending some extra time to discuss this uncertainty might be just the professional approach . 
  ask the veterans if they think their deployment was pointless . 
  i 'm sure a wwii veteran 's answer will differ from someone 's returning from iraq . 
   but i 'm not gon na stand by here and watch while you peddle your anti-western poison your russian masters want you to sell . 
  if this is indeed directed at me , i 'm only going to shake my head in disbelief . 
   the shrine is an emblem of perseverance we too have such an emblem in germany , but we went with an aviation inspired theme instead . 
  i do n't know . 
  being able to kill someone and risking getting killed puts `` soldier '' in a different category than it just being a regular job . 
  if we want our soldiers to ahere to standards , we as a society should also adhere to certain standards . 
  if you respect your soldiers , you do n't send them into pointless wars . 
  a `` thank you for your service '' is so incredibly cheap that it 's already closer on the border of being an insult than an actual expression of appreciation . 
  besides that , i agree with you . 
  `` mu ' feelings !, 
  the welcome was n't warm enough !, 
  i hope you will be overrun by putin 's trolls , that will teach you ! '', 
  did i get that right ? 
  after all the insults trump has thrown at merkel during his campaign , she still congratulated him politely , as it is tradition for civilized politicians . 
  would be interesting to hear both talking about ww 2 , the aftermath of it , the cold war , the collapse of the soviet system and the role the transatlantic friendship played in it . 
  since there are quite a few factions working towards a divide , i 'm really curious on what kind of stance both would be able to agree on . 
  it is working according to plan : 1 . 
  lure the banks in 2 . 
  profit for bonus style points : do not brag , just humbly nod once . 
  and you were n't even the baddies !, 
  what is the point of your graph ? 
  you think the decline is related to the mentioned countries joining the eu ? 
  your post just shows that you have never understood one of the most important aspects of having the eu : to build up a counterweight on a global scale to other rising nations . 
  25 years ago , china 's share of the world 's gdp was roughly at 4 % . 
  now it is at [ somewhat 16ish ] ( https://www.quandl.com/data/oda/chn_pppsh-china-share-of-world-gdp-based-on-ppp ) . 
  i wish the uk good luck outside the eu . 
  i 'm sure they can stand alone against the world once the eu is gone . 
  lead on !, 
  damn , and op stays suspiciously silent about his allegiance . 
  getting a bit worried here . 
  that 's why you are on our side . 
  you are on our side , right ? 
  weather gets shittier . 
  according to a biography , the weather has been one of kohl 's main concerns . 
  a prognosis from the german weather service recommended the 3rd . 
  if by `` germany '' you mean someone from the government , that already happened : http://www.france24.com/en/20161004-battle-over-blame-puts-deutsche-banks-past-spotlight, 
   all our manufacturers are either out of business or owned by foreigners . 
  then when do i have to buy my toast from a [ czech company ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agrofert ) ? 
  a heathen ritual in combination with liberal policies ? 
  such an amplified threat would warrant an inquiry by the holy inquisition !, 
  imagine arguing with a five-year old : `` no , you ca n't dress up as a princess for halloween !, 
  the bishop said it 's just an empty , consume-oriented celebration ! '' . 
  k\u00e4\u00dfmann , these children 's tears are on you !, 
  churches are kinda opposed to it . 
  i guess that would even qualify as a butthurt reaction . 
  just me throwing in my two cents : losing a war is one thing , losing a war as the aggressor adds another layer of `` experience '' on top of it . 
  the lessons taught are quite different than what , for example , the british empire went through in it 's own history . 
  and the consequent conclussions drawn from such an experience may seem radical to those who do n't share the same background , but are probably less incomprehensible for a broad majority within the same frame . 
  after the war , the `` never again '' - slogan the antifa-movement is known for was also shared by many former wehrmachtsoldiers , and generally by those with first-hand experience of ww2 . 
  that by now , mostly young people are associated with the movement is , amongst other reasons , more a sign of the society moving on , but does n't necessarily make it a posing , or even edgy , teenager-thing . 
  that shows the root of the problem : the usage of small drinking glasses . 
  maybe the diet now includes more sugary stuff ? 
  american way of life aka softdrinks and fast food might have an influence . 
  add less intense pysical labor , and you have a ~ ~ stew ~ ~ goulash . 
  just like jedi master sifo-dyas knew that war was coming . 
  will your clones be ready ? 
  the only thing we should send there is the bill for surveillance , police operations and funeral costs caused by his brother . 
  [ hastings !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpnp8jattgo ), 
  maybe they should educate their users about what their system is capable of and what not . 
  or even better , prevent abuse of their system . 
  autobahn is not a place for beta testing . 
  a few weeks back spiegel magazine had a deatailed article about it . 
  we broke you and we beat you !, 
  drainage , italy , you boys ... 
  drained dry . 
  we are so sorry . 
  here , if you have a coffee , and we have a coffee , and we have a straw , there it is , that 's a straw , you see ? 
  watch it . 
  now , our straw reaches acroooooooss the alps and starts to drink your coffee . 
  we ... drink ... your ... coffee !, 
  * sluuuurrrrrp * we drink it up !, 
  orban arranged for busses to the border before any such statement was made . 
  and i am not defending him . 
  just saying this costs/benefits weighing does n't work . 
  it 's not like europe was a liberal heaven for mankind at the time of the discovery . 
  we still would have had enough conflicts on our continent , and in fact had them , that had nothing to do with the americas . 
  if you want to argue that slave trade would n't have happened , one could also argue that europe nowadays would be under firm nazi control if it were n't for the discovery in the first place . 
   touching another sensitive nerve , gabriel was quoted as telling german news magazine der spiegel last week that iran could have normal , friendly relations with germany only when it accepted israel 's right to exist . 
   iran 's government spokesman mohammad baqer nobakht said on tuesday : `` no country can set preconditions for iran . 
  we live with our beliefs . 
  tehran will never recognize israel . '', 
  maybe he just likes to look badass ? 
  http://www.atlas-alltagssprache.de/brotchen/ the border is apparently guarded and properly enforced by armies of saleswomen pretending to not know what the out-of-region term means . 
  ya , that love did us plenty good . 
  the soldiers who suffered and died for his ridiculous plans and the germans at home that had to endure the destruction hitler brought upon germany surely had no doubt about how much this guy must have loved his country . 
  his rule ended abruptly after he fell victim to his own greed . 
  he was mourned .
