  projecting much ? 
  it 's been discussed here over and over again what exactely happend , i 'm sure you can find the appropriate sources if you look for them . 
  or provide some for your own claims . 
  it 's clear that ee would block this project just to cash in on transit fees . 
  it does n't harm ee security . 
  even if the gas transport goes through ee , russia only would have to decide to not sell gas to ee and there is nothing those transit countries could do besides stealing the gas . 
  that already happened when ukraine failed to pay their gas bill , and ukraine still claims that even then they did n't steal any gas . 
  ns2 also would n't have an impact on ee reliance on russian gas , but it would sure reduce europe 's dependency on transit countries . 
  you 've just convinced me . 
  oh please , like i said , people can be as much proud about whatever pleases them , nobody cares . 
  but if someone tries to tell me that being proud is somehow a problem solver , i pretty much know what to think of that person . 
  a proud bavarian is no threat to the federal republic of germany . 
  people should be able to hold on to their national and european identity without suffering a stroke . 
  i do n't know how iraqi courts work , but i 'd think `` due process '' is a thing there , too . 
  there 's gon na be probably hundreds or thousands of processes coming up . 
  there will be plenty of evidence and witnesses over the next years . 
  also , if she just gets sentenced for mere membership , then that does n't spare her from a new trial if more evidence or witnesses appear later . 
   if you do n't think that looking impotent , stupid , and disorganized to the rest of the world wo n't have consequences for the eu moving forward then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  i only threw that back at you . 
  i think we are done here . 
  why would i care about complaints ? 
  the quality of living conditions is measurable . 
  it 's either their needs are met , or they are not and need to get improved . 
  finding out if a claim is legit is n't exactly rocket science . 
   perspective ? 
  yeah so , give them jobs , preferably engineering and healthcare jobs , because supposedly these people are generally well-educated . 
  no , you start with giving them a broom and teach them how to use it . 
  that 's already a better perspective than just telling them to fuck off . 
  if someone is talented or educated , you 'll find out soon enough . 
  no , germany did not want this . 
  hungary refused to accomodate them properly . 
  if germany would n't have opened the border , hungary would have even further embarrassed themselves . 
  as if the situation at their train stations were not already bad enough ... and please stop implying that refugees are such an entitled bunch . 
  hungary was n't even willing to get them the most basic stuff , so talking about plushies is retarded , sorry . 
  i did n't start with throwing rocks inside the glasshouse , 
   and most importantly , we can not feel pride of our nations ( working together ) . 
  that you file `` pride '' under `` most important '' is quite telling . 
  you can be proud any way you see fit , but thinking that pride will get you anywhere is utterly foolish . 
  your pride wo n't stop any boat , nor will it change any laws or impress any other nation . 
  comparing the structures of the eu with single national entities does n't work . 
  the eu is not a single country . 
  this specific process has been designed that way because the nation states did n't want to entrust the parliament with forming the comission , they wanted to keep that power on the ** elected ** national governments via the council . 
  if you want more direct democracy in the eu , you 'll probably have to vote for a party that is willing to give more power to the eu . 
  if iraq takes care of her , it wo n't even come to trial in germany . 
   if you do n't think that looking impotent , stupid , and disorganized to the rest of the world excuse me , but that 's rich coming from an american ... 
  i 'm not choosing at all . 
  i do n't know where you got the impression from that human rights are a kind of `` pick and choose '' system . 
  they are pretty well defined . 
  if your culture collapses because of a few thousand refugees , your culture was n't worth shit to begin with . 
   you 're imposing your moral on other member states but weirdly enough , not on the people you import . 
  not my morals , our morals . 
  the last part of your statement is absolutely false and only shows your ignorance . 
  these boats operate within international laws . 
  they may use a loophole , but it 's still within the law . 
  that 's one of the reasons why the un needs to get involved . 
  i would hope the eu is not foolish enough to go against international law . 
  we are not the us , as many people here will eagerly tell you . 
  `` showing the world strength or weakness '' does n't work in the civilized parts of the world anymore . 
  the world knows perfectly well what the eu is capable of and what it is not . 
  we do n't aim to become a chest pounding gorilla . 
  it is no simple problem . 
  it requires international cooperation , and there are different interests at play . 
  the mena countries have no interest in cooperation . 
  to them , getting rid of their unemployed youth has priority . 
  other countries enjoy the show , hoping it is going to hurt the eu . 
  it 's been hard enough to get the migrant crisis on the g20 agenda . 
  to solve it peacefully within a legal framework , it would need to become a un top priority , which is even more unlikely . 
  economic sanctions wo n't have much of an impact . 
  these countries are economic dwarves and sanctions would hurt the eu more than they would hurt mena countries . 
  ironically , they would hurt the poorer eu countries even more than germany . 
  so , no matter what stance germany will take on the issue , we 're gon na get crucified anyway . 
  i also do n't know how much people outside of germany are aware of the govenrment 's efforts in reaching a deal with mena states . 
  it 's not like we are twiddling thumbs here . 
  sorry , could n't resist . 
  the us might be able to ignore international law . 
  europe , not so much . 
   then once you have everyone on the same page you present an ultimatum to the north american states . 
  easier said than done . 
  they still have troops stationed in germany and most likely would instantly whoop our butts . 
  you realize that if we start selectivly applying human rights , we can bury the whole concept ? 
  pretty much everyone in the eu agrees that the migrant flow has to be stopped . 
  the question is how , and what measures will be taken . 
   its more true then its not what is true about it ? 
  where is this invitation ? 
  there never was one . 
   also you refuse to exert political pressure to end the flow of migrants . 
  political pressure on whom ? 
  do you think north african states give a shit about germany ? 
  it already cost us a fortune to get turkey to cooperate . 
  how about your country steps up and starts bribing other country 's leaders ? 
  i have no idea how irag treats minors , and i assume that that 's where she will go to court . 
  that 's not true . 
   but he raised doubts about the idea of a euro zone finance minister , saying he was `` very sceptical about whether an extra political office alone would improve the objectivity of decisions '' . 
  sounds to me more like he is voicing a concern . 
  tho some people might try to convince you of the opposite , but we actually still allow differing opinions . 
  now i 'm curious : what do you actually know about this `` hate speech law '' ? 
  illegals tend to stick to the law , because they know they ca n't afford any attention . 
  besides that , a refugee basically has two options : doing the right thing , abiding the laws , which also means sticking to the country they are assigned to . 
  or go the illegal route . 
  only the first option offers any chance at being somewhat successful .
