  sure . 
  but are they willing ? 
  like that steroids-abusing gorilla in the gym demanding from everyone to keep up with his routine . 
   let 's say common-project-x needs certain infrastructure , efficiency of public sector , percentage of gdp spent on it and such , and it needs to be implemented within let 's say `` 2 years '' . 
  the poorer or the less organized members can have all the goodwill in the world , it 'll be a fact that project-x ca n't physically be implemented in those 2 years . 
  would such a behaviour be really characteristic for the eu ? 
  these are all issues the eu has been willing to not only offer advice , but also money when necessary , in order to level the field and ensure progress . 
   i can certainly understand some of their fears that a multi-speed europe could undermine this process by leaving them behind from their more developed western neighbors . 
  it would be their choice . 
  can hardly complain about `` being left behind '' if someone refuses to come along . 
  i also do n't see how a possible divide must follow a east-west , or north-south pattern . 
  it all depends on which subjects the countries are going to tackle . 
  two-speed eu is a possibility now , but not a requirement . 
   justify anti-american foreign policy there is no country in the eu , or in europe if we exclude russia , with an anti-american foreign policy . 
  central europic best europic !, 
  just ask poland how much they like it [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/timnbpm.jpg ) . 
  the bigger elephant in the room is the issue with crimea and eastern part of ukraine , considering the contest takes place in kiev . 
  i hope eesti is not so naive and falls for that ... you hear me , eesti ? 
  it 's `` germany , douze points '' , because we *** really *** love you !, 
  some people even call it `` american carnage '' ^ ^ tm, 
  `` we are allies . 
  we have signed a treaty , so it is our duty to provide what our alliance needs . 
  because that 's what allies do . 
  we have each other , we cover each other . 
  the alliance is stronger and greater . '', 
  i like that . 
  no flowery language , no political stuff , no pathos . 
  there is no effective way to shut down foreign money flows into politics . 
  either there are just too many loopholes , or the money simply takes an illegal route . 
  best solution imo is full transparancy when it comes to party finances . 
  let them have the money , but make voters aware of where the money is coming from . 
   i would seriously prefer some years for extreme poverty but the option to be able to make our own policy and you call that reasonable ? 
  there is no guarantee you 'd make it ever out of the poverty . 
  the ones with at least half a brain would leave , the remaining infrastructure would collapse . 
  let 's hope there are actually reasonable people around , trying their best to avoid such a scenario . 
   germany i am looking at you . 
  and after you 've convinced germany , you 'd only have to convince the scandinavians , visegrad , the baltics , france ... stop telling yourselves and others that sch\u00e4uble is the problem . 
  greece is n't getting punished , even if it may feel like that . 
  and certainly , nobody is vengful . 
  adequacy has already been shown , through debt cuts , restructuring of the remaining debt , extending the terms . 
  and know what ? 
  future debt cuts are n't even off the table !, 
  if we 've seen the last attempts of the greek government to stall further reforms , there might be even some light at the end of the tunnel . 
   the center of europe does not care about the periphery any longer . 
  that 's a bold statement , considering all the money and efforts that have been directed towards greece . 
  at some point , they actually need to force them lol . 
  if a hotel in germany would try the same tricks like they do in greece , they most likely would feel very sorry sooner or later . 
  for now , it is sustainable . 
  shit will hit the fan again in 2030 . 
  if people keep dodging , the rate keeps rising . 
  nothing of what / u/iscreamcoke said wastes your or my time . 
  it is not like anyone is forced to interact with other people . 
  people are still running from taliban . 
  there are secure but also dangerous zones . 
  i think , the afghan government should be able to provide the necessary shelters themselves , but obviously they ca n't stop the people from leaving the country . 
  if swedish law is anything like german laws for minors , it could very well be just a single fuck up from the prosecutor and/or the judge . 
  but ca n't really say from just the article , and especially without knowing swedish law . 
  that 's a start i guess . 
  what i also see as a problem is for example the ownership of mosques . 
  there are so many different associations owning them , with different backgrounds , funding , interpretations etc. 
  getting them to accept an imam might prove to be tricky , or even impossible . 
  i hope it wo n't turn out to be a gordian knot . 
  putin has never been in the fold when it came to russia 's `` sphere of influence '' . 
  and pursuing this sphere was bound to backfire sooner or later . 
  we really need some european muslims to stand up and sort this out . 
  i kinda agree . 
  who is running austrian mosques ? 
  then move your ass out of kitzb\u00fchel and start paying your taxes here !, 
  ^ ^ sorry , ^ ^ could n't ^ ^ resist ^ ^ your ^ ^ username, 
  sorry , i have no idea what you are saying . 
  the eu for sure does n't have any interest in a war with china , with or without russia . 
  the only way a change in government would lead to an end of sanctions is when it also comes with a change regarding crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  just switching leaders while following the same policies wo n't end anything , i agree . 
  he is not wrong . 
  if the next leader would reverse the course , sanctions would end . 
  it 's a possibe scenario , but not the intended goal . 
  sanctions are the reason why putin even bothers to show up for negotiations . 
  the goal of the sanctions is not to remove putin . 
  missing the witch hunts and pogroms of the good ol' dark times ? 
  it 's a good thing then if someone reminds them that it 's better to wait for more information instead of rushing to conclusions , right ? 
   you avoid the problems and use snark and sarcasm to ostrichcise dissent and suppress discourse . 
  like in :  of course , we all know how all these christian immigrants are behind so much crime : ^ ) ? 
  how did / u/e _ me actually silence / u/dmegasujet ? 
  enabling someone 's victim mentality by portraying them as being silenced , ostracised and surpressed when nothing of this sort is actually happening is a sure way to turn up their volume . 
  what it also fails to achieve is addressing their concerns . 
  somehow the picture was missing the proper [ soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpivldyfuvk ) . 
  it certainly helps that for the role of the president of the council his ties to a nationality do n't matter that much in the first place . 
  i ca n't say that since i 'm heavily reliant on sweet mustard for [ wei\u00dfw\u00fcrscht ] ( https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/x80jvhkcwsjp8l0usso2ew/o.jpg ) . 
  i like the more dijon-y stuff , to contrast the sweetness of ketchup . 
  try mustard and ketchup . 
  not mixed , but slightly overlapping . 
  my guess would be that it works more like an insurance . 
  the higher these people rise , the more and the mightier their enemies get . 
  if putin for some unforseen cicumstances would lose his office , his personal wealth would be pretty much the only protection left , for him and his family . 
  sal\u0101m , or as we say in bavaria , buenos d\u00edas !, 
  afaik , yes . 
   no bank account that 's odd . 
  does he keep his money in a sock ? 
  or did you mean `` no bank account in poland '' ? 
  [ we 'll have our moment after carneval .
