  the eu would n't have much support in its member states if it would hit the `` punish '' - button everytime someone lifts a finger , if that is what you expected from the eu . 
  [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sweeah3qzoi ) respect ? 
  self esteem ? 
  i do n't know what you are referring to . 
  when it comes to defence clauses , it is usually a clear line that needs to be crossed before anyone engages . 
  has this been the case so far ? 
  i have no reason to believe that any state within the eu would n't show up . 
  where and why did you lose your trust in us ? 
  good luck , if that is necessary . 
  and neither is it for romania . 
  the difference it makes if wether a single european army or the french , german , italian etc armies show up is hopefully tolerable . 
  as long as they show up . 
  what shit did europe stir in syria ? 
  we 're busy enough dealing with the fallout of this proxy war . 
  then where would we police ? 
  it looks like we currently have enough troops for our police cravings . 
  the difficulties these missions are facing are mostly not a budgetary problem . 
  the defense pact works with or without a single european army . 
  while it would be nice to go that direction , it is n't an absolute necessity . 
  glad you 've mentioned kuwait :  the cost of the war to the united states was calculated by the us congress to be $ 61.1 billion . 
  about $ 52 billion of that amount was paid by other countries : $ 36 billion by kuwait , saudi arabia and other arab states of the persian gulf ; $ 16 billion by germany and japan ( which sent no combat forces due to their constitutions ) . 
  about 25 % of saudi arabia 's contribution was paid in the form of in-kind services to the troops , such as food and transportation . 
  indeed , quite the example of a commitment . 
  having others foot the bill and then , depending on the flavor of the month , brag about being the world police or complain over the heavy burden . 
   this is why germany has no place in nato . 
  so , after repeatedly asking why germany is n't living up to expectations , you finally state your real gripe with germany : you just want germany out of nato . 
   what good is germany ? 
  fyi germany is participating in nato missions , e.g. 
  but do n't let facts interfere with your agenda !, 
  if we 'd kick you out , you guys would just come back and be angry at us . 
  status quo is much better . 
   does germany always fail to do what it pledged to do ? 
  yes , always . 
  you can look it up . 
  so germany needs its own nukes ? 
  germany is n't known for betraying it 's allies . 
  we even have a word for following our allies into the grave ... what makes you think an increased spending would change much ? 
  the threats mattis mentions , russia and terrorism , wo n't simply go away even if we turn it up to eleven . 
  just increasing the spending is a dumb idea . 
  we could build an aircraft carrier together with poland , but what would that achieve ? 
  if you think the willingness to throw money out of the window is somewhat comparable with the willingness to go to war , oh well ... 
  something is terribly wrong when the current nato budget is n't sufficient enough to deal with those poorly equipped barbarians . 
  flash ca n't keep up with the speed of / u/executivemonkey 's sophisticated shenanigans . 
  it 's just `` wooosh '' and they are already straight over someone 's head . 
  woooosh !, 
  time is a flat circle . 
  dead kennedys are also touring again . 
  building a society on the premise of what is the bare minimum to survive might have been feasible a few thousand years ago . 
  it might also fit a zombie-apocalypse scenario . 
  but it is suitable to our `` somewhat advanced '' societies . 
   it would be , even if you set up an `` independent '' body - it is still down to the politicians to vote on funding , regulating , etc. 
  this body . 
  as i have already stated , there are ways to adress this issues . 
   it is , however , what the public in america have voted with their eyes for . 
  it is . 
  does n't make it more desirable tho . 
  and when it comes to paying the bill for what they desired , we 'll see who gets to foot it . 
   we do n't need news at all . 
  you ca n't be serious ? 
  on whose behalf do you argue here ? 
  do you know how easy it is to bomb other countries , lock up your own citizens , and in general do everything out of a dictator 's playbook and get away with it if there is no news about it ? 
  i think it 's common sense and comes with public consent that unbiased , truthful and independent news are a necessity to our societies . 
  and therefore is arguing that `` the taxpayer suffering the consequence 's of the politicians choices '' is missing the point : it is not the politician 's choices that would get financed . 
   the issue seems to be that `` the left '' ( i do n't really mean the left here , but rather whomever wants a european news service ) do n't want to have to compete with `` the right-wing populists '' and that is exactly what i do n't want . 
  neither the `` left '' nor the `` right '' side bs . 
  we 've seen the consequences of such a competition in the us . 
  cnn and fox nowadays are a direct result of this competition , and i do n't consider that a win for anyone , except the broadcasters . 
  they just cater to their biased viewers , not the truth or reality . 
  it is in all of our interests to have an unbiased news source , and having it financed by a collective fee or whatever is the only way to avoid dependencies . 
  any private organization is compromised one way or another . 
  either dependant on subscribers , investors , ad-sponsors or donators . 
  and they all have a bigger influence on the content than our societies as a whole . 
  [ california \u00fcber alles !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goa_zy6tqqw ) ( as a german , i 'm allowed to make lame nazi references . 
  it 's also a good song and i do n't feel any shame linking to . ), 
  it is hard to avoid flaws in practice . 
  the one you 've mentioned is a legit one , but it can be adressed . 
  in germany , we have councils to watch over the different broadcasters . 
  they are composed in a way to offer a cross section of society , with members from the parties , churches , labor unions , various asscociations etc. 
   it is the measure of whether the demos wants it . 
  you ca n't always get what you want but if you try sometime you find you get what you need  no , i hold the view that people should be allowed the freedom to choose what they want i 'd generally tend to agree with this , but there are exceptions from this concept . 
  it 's already problematic even when the harm done is limited to the person making the choice , think health insurance , where responsible contributers often pay for the consequences of someone 's hazardous behaviour . 
  as soon as another person has to suffer the consequences of someone elses choice , or maybe society as a whole , then the issue is even less up for debate and that freedom ends imo . 
  an ill-informed constituency is a problem , no matter how someone might try to spin it . 
  uninformed , partially ignorant and/or uneducated masses are easily manipulated and exploited , and that is a huge problem in a democracy where every vote counts the same . 
  those broadcasts are already highly controversial . 
  wether it 's soccer , olympics or skiing , they all come with high costs and payments to dubious sport federations . 
  using public funds on for-profit organizations opens so many cans of worms that it pretty much spoils the whole meal . 
  just citing `` public interest '' ca n't justify those expenditures . 
  the idea behind a pbs channel is that it is owned by the state , but not controlled by the government . 
  it would subscribe to ideals everyone has to agree with , no matter what their political leanings are . 
   right-wing media sources succeed in the free market because the demos want and support them . 
  success in the free market is n't the only measurement we should use for journalistic work . 
  you seem to hold on to the idea that people would somehow automatically know what is best for them . 
  but when it comes to understanding complex matters , they often take the easy route and just stick with what they feel comfortable with . 
  just like children choosing sweets over vegetables with no knowledge over what a healthy , balanced diet looks like , people pick the news source that goes down well with their own bias , in total disregard for the `` nutritional '' value of the content provided . 
   also the mere idea of football games being broadcasted on an eu wide channel where i can press a button to switch to spanish commentary after they score a goal gives me a massive errection . 
  tho i agree with your post , this edit kinda ruined it for me . 
  that would be absolutely a no-go for such a channel .
