  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/o4zye47.png ) here ... 
  the one from iran had a great ending , totally unexpected . 
  so far . 
  nobody is talking about abolishing welfare . 
  it is not a question wether there 's social welfare or not . 
   then how will that perception ever change if no one goes against it ? 
  it will , over time . 
  greece reforms , institutions acknowledge , media delivers the news . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/donald-trump-mental-illness-narcisissm-us-president-psychologists-inauguration-crowd-size-paranoia-a7552661.html ) or should i have provided a non-butthurt vengful media outlet ? 
  sorry for not sending more troops / s, 
  does n't matter much what the constitutional court says when the eu comes to the conclusion that the law indeed is a `` systemic threat to the rule of law '' . 
  this is not about broken campaign promises . 
  related to it is the [ russian soul ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_soul ) . 
   according to dostoevsky , `` the most basic , most rudimentary spiritual need of the russian people is the need for suffering , ever-present and unquenchable , everywhere and in everything '' many germans used to relate to this feeling and found this attitude admirable . 
  like-minded spirits united in melancholy and weltschmerz . 
  and the usa operates within and from germany . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that not sharing all intel between nato partners apparantly is n't unusual . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  if you think the cia shares its intel with other nato countries `` just because nato '' , you are wrong . 
  cia and nsa withold plenty , and at some point even threatend to not share anything but direct terror warnings . 
  because a negative effect overrides all positive effects ? 
  but to make an effictive distinction between the past and the future , something would have had happend , a change , or reforms . 
  there is no point in making a distinction if nothing has changed . 
  also , is speculation an issue in regards to greece ? 
  that 's honestly the first time i 'm hearing about that . 
   countries with strong `` socialist '' social security systems are among the most prosperous and competitive in the world . 
  clearly , having a strong social security does not prevent competitiveness - it likely even supports it , which makes sense if you realize that social security is all about investing in and maintaining your human capital . 
  because strong economies can afford strong social security . 
  which poor country with good social systems survived over a longer period ? 
  ca n't hand out the bread you do n't have . 
  you either produce enough bread , or depend on your neighbour to produce for you . 
  that is pretty black and white , yes . 
  germany 's welfare system for example would be hit hard if our major economic contributors would run into trouble . 
  the payments into the welfare system from their employees make up a huge share of the budget . 
   so it 's all about perception ? 
  i expected that reply , that 's why i set the quotation marks . 
  it did n't spare me from having to answer this now tho . 
  of course perception plays a role . 
  for example , people are aware of how taxation is handled in greece . 
  they perceive the difference to their countries as unjust . 
  any politician going against that perception wo n't have much standing . 
   make them eu law . 
  i tend to agree here . 
  do n't know how much support there is for this currently tho , considering the rising anti-eu sentiments across many countries . 
  well , that only shows the right has no clue what it is talking about . 
   interest rates are not the same for every ez country , and the agency i propose does not let anyone get out of their interest rates . 
  then how would that help greece ( if that is the goal ) ? 
   it 's not a gap , it will never be enough . 
  everyone knows greece is fucked , and that it wo n't be unfucked for a long time . 
  so what are the greek expected to do about it ? 
  give in to their `` fate '' and run for the safety of the next government job ? 
  we are either going for a competitive economy in the long run , or some socialist system with the risk of becoming a 2nd venezuela . 
  nobody expects greece to pull itself up on its bootstraps or other similar miracles . 
  what can be reasonably expected tho is that they go on with reforms and treat their citizens like other countries treat theirs . 
  transfers can be politically justified if there is understanding in the giving countries . 
  but that 's not going to happen as long as the situation is `` perceived '' as unjust . 
  austerity is for greece not just a policy , but more of a tool to achieve the reforms . 
  cuts are just the easiest thing to demand . 
  the eurozone ca n't demand growth . 
  we also ca n't tax the greek citizens , but we can tie that demand to future payments . 
  how else could we achieve these reforms if it were n't for withholding money ? 
  which control did merkel have over the greek and hungarian borders ? 
   the agency i 'm proposing would just do general debt management , including non - `` problem countries '' , so its reputation would be better and it would be able to exercise more leverage due to the larger size of its debt/credit pool . 
  but we already have that effect from the eurozone . 
  the interest rates for greece have been already lower by just having the euro . 
  that 's one of the reasons we are in this mess . 
  with the current ecb zero-interest policy , how , and foremost , why would there be a need to decrease the rates even more ? 
   i do n't see how one justifies the other or how it would be a problem in need of solving . 
  should people who do n't currently have an income based on commercial transactions just roll over and die ? 
  or at least go live in a cave because that costs less ? 
  that 's the gap that needs to be bridged . 
  my personal opinion would be , that we need to finance with no regards to the debt issue . 
  meaning , personally i would n't mind getting this financed through a european solidarity fund , or something like that . 
  under the conditions of course , that it is actually getting spend on this issue , and also that progress is made regarding reforms . 
  i 'd consider this a good samaritan stance , and thus it 's probably not a realistic one . 
  doubt samaritans could garner much support . 
   that 's highly controversial and a number of influential economical studies have been published in the last years ( and really , centuries before too ) that defended the opposite . 
  asserting that is a political ideological choice , not an unbiased fact . 
  it would be a political decission imo , no reason to deny this . 
  against which injustice did the right stand up ? 
  if the mechanisms would indeed work as you intend them to do , we would still have the issues with agency . 
  but since your main point seems to be the reduction of interest payments , then why would we need to go through the dept pool and the agency at all ? 
  deferrals are already discussed , the esm keeps trying to lower the interest rates even further , the lent terms have been extended . 
  an agency managing the debt on the market would have a hard time to come even close to such measures , no ? 
  austerity mostly aims at structural reforms and is tied to them . 
  that 's where progress is apparantly halted . 
  of course , it also cuts down on consumption , but that is because the public sector is overrepresented when it comes to spending . 
  shifting the spending into the private sector , through privatization , and cuts into public spending seems to be only viable long term strategy . 
  that would leave one problem unsolved : the spending gap caused by this shift , that is temporarily hitting on consumption , needs to be bridged somehow . 
  i did n't say `` germany is strong enough to survive on its own '' . 
  end of eurozone would n't be end of trade . 
  germany alone is not a global power , do n't know where you are getting this from . 
  also , the problems germany would face in regards to its exports would have a heavier impact on germany , that 's true . 
  but the other countries would have to face them as well . 
  but countries like greece already profitted from lower interst rates due to being in the eurozone . 
  we 've seen where this has lead to . 
  leveraging that effect with a debt pool sounds insance , sorry . 
  just because the agency would have strict mandate does n't mean it could be hold responsible . 
  see : other eu institutions ... 
  weakening the positive influence would reduce the income in those weaker economies .
