  as many uk politicians said , they are going for whatever is best for the uk . 
  why should the eu not also do what is best for the eu ? 
   the law should be changed . 
  the law was not made by god , but by men and should be changed . 
  if it is n't changed , the uk should ignore it . 
  the uk agreed to it apparantly . 
  not sticking to your `` word '' might negatively affect future trade deals the uk is trying to close as well as stuff like its credit rating . 
   nobody is giving away arms and military vehicles that ukraine needs , nobody is doing anything for the crimea , and doing so little for the eastern ukraine . 
  help does n't have to be just about about sending soldiers at the end . 
  then we would have a [ war by proxy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proxy_war ) , quite an escalation . 
  the more the things change , the more they remain the same . 
  maybe france is just really conservative . 
   `` it can serve as an example for those who seek the end of europe . 
  it can serve as a lesson . ''     this threat too easily simplifies [ ... ] if someone watches you falling off your bike , severing your heard , it can serve as a lesson . 
  but where is the threat ? 
  am i reading this wrong ? 
  how diverse is ukraine ? 
  you 'd prepare a perfect breeding ground for a probably even bigger nationalistic movement . 
  and we could n't even blame the uk for it . 
  the eu is too small for uk 's global ambitions ? 
  are you such a spoiled brat that you lack any sympathy towards other people 's lives ? 
  the nerves , to pretend to be for peace and against nationalism and then wishing upon an other nation they may live in pain ? 
  you want to teach someone a lesson , but your post leaves no doubt about who actually is in need of a good lesson . 
  all he ever does is using the parliament as a stage for his show for his voters at home . 
  there is no plan , no debate , no negotiating , not any kind of political work to expect from him . 
  just a `` politician '' trying to maximize his votes . 
  / u/lamuks probably wanted to show the absurdity of it . 
  there is no flawless system as long as it involves flawed people . 
  any such system would be highly inhumane . 
   commission holds the right of legislative initiative but change that and give that power to the parliament and people will complain that it is `` undemocratic '' because it could override their national parliaments . 
  i 'm just glad you replied with the horsemeat , and not that other thing . 
  phew ... 
  `` in the 21st century , the eu collapsed over a raffle in which 27 elected leaders tried to decide which king should represent them at an annual sailing regatta . '', 
  the problem seems to be that you already perceive `` no special treatment '' as punishment . 
   if the people of the uk want out then the uk should leave . 
  absolutely . 
  and we in the eu can form an opinion about it , partially affected by how we feel . 
  some feel abandonend , some backstabbed , some relieved , or happy . 
  some do n't even care . 
  it may be true , that for a majority in the uk the eu never has been more than the single market area , whereas quite a few here are also emotionally attached to it , and that this is the giant misunderstanding that plaqued our relationship within the eu from the beginning . 
  time to start anew i guess . 
  a lesson with a heavy price that most likely will be lost on those in need of it . 
  i am still worried . 
  the thought of warmer relations with mugabe ... yuck !, 
  this stuff used to be common in at least whole europe . 
  but if someone 's horizon is small enough , they might think it 's unique to their country . 
  `` dave !, 
  what about the spanish guy ? '', 
  `` what about him ? '', 
  `` i think he wrote his sign himself . '', 
  `` he did ? '', 
  `` i think so , the r 's and s 's do n't match . '', 
  `` who let him in ? '', 
  `` i do n't know ... code black ? '', 
  `` code black . '', 
  that 's weird : /, 
  and then digging up the referendum result again and threaten the eu with turning the result into a mandate , again , if things do n't go the uk 's liking ? 
  and we 're all gon na live happily under damokles ' sword for how long exactly ? 
  call it a plan , i 'd call that a shitty shitshow . 
  the last election had a huge coverage , with juncker and schulz presented as candidates for presidency . 
  it was hard to miss with even the slightest interest in politics . 
  but should n't they 've had a date ready before the referendum , or maybe even just a rough timeframe ? 
  ya , cause the eu is known for unfair , illegal and unethical treatment of its neighbours ... 
   stop hating on us !, 
  only if you give schoki . 
  now !, 
  who knows ? 
  in 15 years they might even re-enter as a net-receiver ... jk , 
  you are right , and i can only say that i stopped taking juncker serious some time ago . 
  if you look at the statements of our pms or foreign secs , pre and after the vote , there really is n't any hostility . 
   while benefiting only those on top of the society . 
  is n't this the history of mankind ? 
  it was n't better before , we just got rid of the poor with wars , and the processes ran slower . 
  globalisation accelerated just the speed of it . 
   but as less and less people are in the upper middle class and higher , and more and more are getting poorer and keep losing job prospects due to imported cheap labour , the society begins to fracture . 
  and that applies to 100 % to the usa as well , and they are not in the eu . 
  it 's a global phenomenon , what is the eu supposed to do about it ? 
  isolate ? 
  how do we get rid of our dependence from big business , markets and investions ? 
  telling poland its citizens cant work in germany wo n't change anything about it imo . 
  does n't your example about the migrant crisis show that the eu works ? 
  that there is n't a single country calling the shots ? 
  germany lost , visegrad won . 
  should n't the message echoing across europe be , that there is n't a allmighty , allknowing german overlord ? 
  hungary got lots of shit , then it got lots of praise , is n't that an encouraging example ? 
  i 've never perceived those statements as threats , rather than warnings about the difficulties of our divorce . 
  i 'm sure the next statements will be about not letting campaign rhetorics sour our relationship . 
  every country in the eu has other countries it tries to stick to . 
  be it because of cultural/historical ties or momentary allignement of interests . 
  except the uk . 
  the impression i got is that the uk does n't want or maybe even ca n't engage in such politics , for whatever reason . 
  such a beautiful neighbour and they ignore it ... 
  i think i can agree with most of what you said . 
  i just would n't put the blame on the eu . 
  but what would finland do with low-educated workers if it were n't inside the eu ? 
  they would still have to work for ever decreasing wages , wouldnt they ? 
  that race to the bottom is nothing the eu invented . 
  i 'm not asking a rethorical question here , i 'm really curious . 
  i do n't see an answer short of `` world wide revolution against how the economic system works '' . 
  i 've read that a new biography about thatcher states , that she simply thought the other leaders could n't actually be serious about the ever closer union .
