  the only extremist seems to be the one i 'm replying to . 
  that is not censoring . 
  they just stop pushing anything that promises clicks into their users faces via the trending bar . 
  you are saying we are hypocrites for pretending we want to protect life , but at the same time allowing abortions ? 
  what do you think how abortions should be handled ? 
  you know they are not mandatory , yes ? 
  did you read any of the links i have provided , btw ? 
  you can still post any news to facebook , it 's not gon na be censored . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/fighting-fake-news-on-facebook-christian-humborg-correctivorg-speaks-to-dw/av-37153784 it 's also not some authoritarian who gets to `` decide '' what is true and what is wrong . 
  facts . 
  ever heard of them ? 
  just because you ca n't or do n't know how to verify or dismiss a claim , does n't mean nobody else can . 
  you seem to enjoy plenty of free speech here , nobody is taking that away from you . 
  so , you would prefer if europeans would stick to rather one ideology , and let go the different views and ideas ? 
  you talk about moral and values , but i take it you are not talking about it with something like the [ european charter on human rights ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/charter/pdf/text_en.pdf ) in mind ? 
  that 's all this is about , is n't it ? 
  saving the petrodollar at all costs . 
  the article barely scratches the surface of what is actually doable , but it shows that contacts have been established . 
  the bigger threat are not the neckbeard pepe memes , but bots that appear as legit citizens , influencing perception and driving and steering sentiments with tailored and targeted messages . 
   facebook has 1.8 billion users , and 44 percent of americans get their news from the site , according to the pew research center . 
  combine that with a few interruptiv tweets and retweets , and your linked facebook account will already present you the fitting news , according to their algorithm and your `` interests '' . 
  this has become a well oiled machine , and political parties spend fortunes to have access to it . 
  i agree that there is a chance it might get worse . 
  but if that happens , then we will need to adress the problem way before the migrants are inside the eu . 
  no country in the eu has an interest to maintain big deportation centers over decades . 
  if you are serious : you underestimate the problem . 
  this is more than a bunch of trolls . 
  it 's happening on a way bigger scale , and it is professionally coordinated . 
  this is not about some neckbeards shitposting . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/stevenbertoni/2016/11/22/exclusive-interview-how-jared-kushner-won-trump-the-white-house/#3aa4763f2f50  `` i called some of my friends from silicon valley , some of the best digital marketers in the world , and asked how you scale this stuff , '' kushner says . 
  `` they gave me their subcontractors . '', 
  at first kushner dabbled , engaging in what amounted to a beta test using trump merchandise . 
  `` i called somebody who works for one of the technology companies that i work with , and i had them give me a tutorial on how to use facebook micro-targeting , '' kushner says . 
   television and online advertising ? 
  small and smaller . 
  twitter and facebook would fuel the campaign , as key tools for not only spreading trump 's message but also targeting potential supporters , scraping massive amounts of constituent data and sensing shifts in sentiment in real time . 
  there are companies involved , and this companies for sure have enough knowledge and data at their hands to do more than just boost the official campaign accounts . 
  i 'm sure both parties used such methods , and the most unscrupulous user won this game . 
  do you want a career politician or someone with some life experience , good and bad , ups and downs ? 
  would you prefer some kind of industrial tycoon as leader ? 
  what 's your ideal candidate ? 
   from 1975 to 1977 schulz then trained to be a bookseller . 
  the next two years he worked for a number of publishing houses and bookshops , and in 1982 he opened his own bookshop in w\u00fcrselen , which he ran until 1994  besides german , martin schulz speaks english , french , spanish , italian and dutch to varying degrees of fluency . 
  i think it would be fair to call you uninformed . 
  is this about marking fake news on facebook ? 
  the reforms were good for the economy , but i think the societal impact will continue to create problems for quite a few more years , if not decades . 
   i 've never heard of racist event happening involving an english person . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daps5gdkw_u would that qualify ? 
  so far , it 's only the usa talking about tariffs . 
  it 's been years since i read bild the last time and i might not be up to date . 
  but their complaints used to be more directed towards the waste of eu-funds , not the general impact on our economy . 
  how comes the `` proven us economic system '' needs protection from the eu or china ? 
  it 's either not that proven , does n't really need protection , or maybe it 's not really different from eu/china . 
  tell me , how exactly did these refugees suddenly pop up at germany 's door ? 
  in the middle of europe . 
  one might think these refugees had to cross several countries to arrive here . 
  also , how good does it now feel , as an hungarian , to blame the refugee crisis on merkel ? 
  her decission to suspend schengen saved orban in hungary because he did n't have to process and house the refugees . 
  it saved hungary 's reputation , whatever that was at this point , because it prevented even more ugliness to occur . 
  and it might even have saved some brown people 's lifes , whatever that 's worth . 
  so , thanks hungary , for helping out . 
  do n't have to make it about ttp ( something this sub was n't too busy with ) . 
  not sure to what exactly / u/crustedlamb was refering to , but `` he went against one of the basic common western ideas which we owe a big part of our relative prosperity to '' also applies to nato , or transatlantic cooperation in general . 
  and it can be applied to our free trading , which he also already came out against . 
  where did you get that impression from ? 
  nothing in this article hints at `` germans panicking '' . 
  would the afd agree to the same proposal about taxpayer money for kriegsgr\u00e4ber in foreign countries ? 
  or is that different because german soldiers deserve more respect than german jews , or victims of the germans in general ? 
   after the vichy government signed an armistice with the nazis in 1940 , it became an internment camp for jews of any nationality except french , as well as people considered dangerous by the government . 
  among them also german jews , if that is the relation to germany you were missing . 
  besides the obvious connections to ns-perpetrators , ns-rule etc. 
  most likely the same answer one would expect from british businessmen . 
  with the exception of those , who view their companies as being endangered by foreign competitors and therefore would prefer a more protectionist stance . 
  there are . 
  just wanted to point out that watching documentaries does n't necessarily mean being educated about a topic . 
  why would that matter ? 
  the positions of the catholic church are always the same . 
  is this one too vocal about it ? 
  he is standing up for christian values , that is not a bias . 
  this seems to trigger some bigots and hypocrites within the church . 
  watching a 60min docu of tanks battling it out over el-alamein does n't teach much about hitler 's rise to power . 
  docus chop up history in small , digestable pieces and the big picture is usually out of focus . 
  edit : grammar, 
  you are right . 
  and that 's why you need to find a greek solution for a greek problem . 
  nobody likes to pay taxes . 
  but people pay it because they are forced to , and fear the punishment for failing to do so . 
  if tax morale is low , controls need to go up . 
  there are ways to crack down on typical tax evaders , like restaurants or hotels . 
  but you need the laws for it , you need to enforce and control it , and you need to go through with punishment . 
  the other thing is to get the waiter on the payroll . 
  do n't let the hotel owner tell you that he is running his 100-bed hotel with 2 employees , because everyone knows it 's bullshit . 
  it is a lot of work to comb through small businesses , but it is absolutly doable , and in the end worth it . 
   as you pointed out , it 's hard to blame them when everyone else is doing it . 
  but that is a cultural problem , and it is worsend by the governmental structures . 
  the government is not supposed to let them get away with it . 
  every successful evasion just reinforces that culture . 
  if tourism is your strongest industry and at the same time it is the branch where tax evasion is most prevalent , the loss is even felt harder . 
   soros did not return to that job ; his family purchased documents to say that they were christians , thereby allowing them to survive the war . 
  later that year at age 14 , soros posed as the christian godson of an official of the fascist hungarian government 's ministry of agriculture , who himself had a jewish wife in hiding .
