  the reducton in wages , taxes , savings etc would cripple their own ability to compete . 
  the problem is how the national income is spent on consumption rather than investment . 
  end of the eurozone certainly would n't be the end of german exports . 
  we already have fiscal transfers in the eu and germany is still the biggest net contributor . 
  of course we profit from strong economies in other countries , the stronger they are the better . 
  but why would we cripple our economy by agreeing to such a union ? 
  that would n't solve any problems in other states . 
  we are not cannibalizing other exports with our exports . 
  these other exports are simply not there . 
  sounds like `` obama told us it 's gon na be alright . 
  * sigh *, 
  if debt is managed by a central agency , who is in control of expenditures ? 
  how would such an agency keep control of each country and execute it 's policies ? 
  how would the countries hold the agency responsible for it 's actions ? 
  the described advantages are at best case a two-edged sword . 
  equalizing debt through such methods would weaken the stronger economies and have little to no effect on the weaker countries as long as the cause of their troubles is n't adressed . 
  the positve influence of the stronger economies on the weaker ones would come to a halt . 
  growth over all of europe would be reduced , a shrinkage is not ruled out . 
  also , responsible spenders would pay higher interest rates to make up for the more reckless ones . 
  that would be political suicide in the whole eurozone except maybe the southern states . 
  what you are suggesting is a reformed debt game , but no economical or fiscal solution . 
  i guess most countries think like that to a certain degree . 
  if they would n't believe in what they are doing is the right thing to do , they would act differently . 
  that works until there is a problem , 
  education was adequate for relatively few , and usually only in cities . 
  rural people out in the villages knew their basics , and had no money for newspapers , or even radios . 
  in germany , once radio had achieved enough coverage , it was used for propaganda anyways . 
  what do you mean with `` aware what is happening '' ? 
  that war was coming ? 
  yes , but that 's not the point . 
  thought that the superiority complex is just a stereotype . 
  they should just accept our love , then there would n't be a need to pretend something else . 
  the older ones and the officers for sure , the young boys most likely had no idea . 
  or the author simply might have had some kind of agenda when writing this ? 
  it appears to have some kind of an optimistic propaganda ring to it . 
  ok , but what would the usa - uk relationship do for the eu ? 
  did he think the eu would have to trade to the usa via the uk , or would require any services only the uk would have been able to provide ? 
  we , as in `` we , the people '' , knew jack shit back then . 
  bunch of farmers and beggars with no rights . 
  the people marching into the wws had mostly no clue what they were to experience . 
  barely an education , no notion of the horrors , no understanding of the causes . 
  i 'm aware that there are still enough people willing to go to war , but i 'm also sure that bars were raised significantly over the last centuries and especially the last decades . 
   if the united states stumbles and europe emerges more prominent , britain can modulate its relationship with europe at will and serve as the europeans ' interface with a weakened united states . 
  what exactly would the eu need the uk for in this scenario ? 
  and why is there no scenario in which the uk fails , as unlikely as it seems ? 
  maybe we have enough historical knowledge to avoid the mistakes of the past ? 
  how would this count ? 
  with no continuous political body , shifting borders , people coming and going , all the wars , occupations , religious developments etc. . . 
  i do n't see the one , clear line here . 
  for that to happen , we would 've at least to have our economies , our welfare systems , education on the same level . 
  not impossible , but still far away . 
  brb , swapping my jeans for trousers . 
  sure they do . 
  and thanks to the eu they have the also the right to earn that money in the first place . 
  with different migration law , who is saying what other nationals these companies would hire , and where those would settle ? 
  just look at the abortion protests . 
  not all poles are catholic , and not all catholic poles are opposed to abortion . 
  there is no threat to the polish catholic identity coming from a more liberal abortion law . 
  if you are catholic and do n't want an abortion , then do n't have them . 
  but on which basis would the catholics impose their views on others ? 
  how is having a legal abortion more damaging to the catholic identity than having apparantly tens of thousands illegal ones ? 
  that whole ban proposal missed the whole `` freedom '' aspect of the eu . 
  from an outside perspective poland did n't really appear as a backwards country , the protests made that clear . 
  it was pretty obvious tho , that a party was using this issue to fish for votes . 
  that poles feel their culture is threatend might also have to do with someone telling them that it is threatend . 
  and that 's playing with fire . 
  that is dangerous for poland 's internal matters as well the external relationship with the eu . 
  just my 2 c , do n't know if it adds weight that i 'm saying that as a catholic \\ ^_^, 
  you should not forget that there is also a metric ton of poles working inside the eu , taking their wages back to poland and building houses there . 
  that money is missing in other countries . 
  that 's what some people tell themselves and others to make that pill go down easier . 
  there are cheaper , safer and more reliable ways to mess with demographics if that 's what germany would have wanted to do . 
  suggestions are free . 
  and if money equals leadership , we 're all fucked anyways . 
  now i 'm curious . 
  which offers are coming from you or your country ? 
  username checks out . 
  no plan , but that wo n't stop him from campaigning . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jan/07/germany-not-profiting-eurozone-export-boom http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/27/opinion/germany-the-euro-winner-hardly.html germany does n't need the euro to be more competitive , we 've been exporting plenty with our `` hard '' mark . 
   congratulations on finally conquering europe , only took 100 years and two failed attempts . 
  thanks !, 
  but where is the prize ? 
  merkel never said that . 
  regarding the migrant crisis , the only solution single nation states can conjur up is `` closing the borders '' . 
  but then they still have n't dealt with those coming illegaly . 
  of course , if you are ruthless enough , anything seems solvable . 
  but i think borders and migration is actually a thing we all can find common ground and working solutions without having to apply extreme measures . 
  without adressing the downsides ? 
  to hell with keynes !, 
  he seems to get along with german 's die linke , and it looks like they share the same views . 
  of course , there are some who view die linke as germanophobe as well . 
  why are we paying into the eu budget ? 
  because we are selfish ? 
  if you think germany is the only one profiting from the eu , you conveniently not only ignore our contributions , but also the jobs open for other eu members in germany as well as the jobs in their own country , created by german companies . 
  i 'm sure someone working at audi in hungary or mini in the uk have quite a different view how the profits are shared than you have . 
  about the euro : thanks , but germans were quite satisfied with their mark . 
  it was the other countries around who , instead of making their businesses run more efficient , kept devaluing their currencies . 
  wonder where those would be now if it were n't for the euro . 
  we are not `` killing '' anyone in the eu . 
  maybe others just keep tripping over their own feet ?
