  it explicitly hit on `` aryans '' . 
  i 'm not doubting that it would hurt . 
  i 'm doubting it would have an effect . 
  there are also more countries involved than just germany . 
  why people keep it reducing to just germany is beyond me . 
  on a different note , i think it is also somewhat problematic to just assume these countries are willing to take this bullet , especially if such an assumption is coming from a country that would n't hurt more if ns2 wouldn ' come to be , but actually profit from such a decission , to put it politely . 
  i 'm gon na take you at your word then ? 
  sorry , but i 'd rather not . 
  of course we can try to apply more pressure , but they 'll always try to one up us . 
  russians have far less to lose , and who knows what 's going to happen once they have nothing left to lose . 
  to a certain degree , yes , we have to put up with them . 
  what about energy independence for the west ? 
  or is energy independance to you just synonymous to dependancy from the us ? 
  the us policy of becoming `` energy dominant '' makes me think it is the latter . 
  so we confiscate property of a private endavour and give the proceeds to whom exactely ? 
  and what will we get in return ? 
  you did the math , right ? 
  and after 2 years of freezing and the economy collapsing , and nothing to show for the money , you 're gon na tell us : `` nobody knew energy could be so complicated . 
  the uk had to act . 
  after the result , it was clear they 're going to leave , just not under what circumstances and conditions . 
  but companies and employees needed to know , and by keeping them in the limbo too long they may have just made decissions according to what seems the safest bet for them . 
  that could have turned out disastrous for investments . 
  then there is also the political side . 
  remember the pressure the british tabloids built up when triggering art . 
  50 got delayed ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/04/enemies-of-the-people-british-newspapers-react-judges-brexit-ruling there just was n't much wiggle room after the referendum . 
  a responsible government would have had a plan for either outcome before offering a referendum . 
  now , if the deal is going to suck , the government just has to tell the electorate to `` bugger off , it was your will '' or blame it on the eu . 
  this bunch of wankers wo n't take any responsibility . 
  that 's easy to answer : people who believe themselves to belong to an `` aryan race '' . 
  afd might have some of these nutjobs , but it 's not in their official agenda . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtgmnps-nxg ), 
  is n't the general consensus in europe that becoming less dependant from russia is good ? 
  i do n't see many people arguing against this . 
  but we should n't fool ourselves that it 's going to happen over night , or that we can afford to shoot ourselves in the foot over this . 
  i think the russian government would rather make their own population eat the bark from the trees than bulging on crimea . 
  and i would n't be surprised if the population would largely support this . 
  sanctions are targeted , neither the eu nor the us uses just broad sanctions for the sake of hurting russia . 
  that it is in nobody 's interest . 
  why should n't we have a say in what we are willing to sanction ? 
  just because the us wants to sell us gas under their energy dominance doctrine ? 
  so it 's you not wanting to start a family with a german woman because you can get someone younger in czechia ? 
  or is it that german women with enough brain for a career do n't want to start a family with you because they see right through your bs ? 
  why do n't you go and join isis ? 
  they hook you up with a young girl you can breed with , you can be manly and free and have plenty of faith . 
  are you an emasculated man or or a unfeminine woman ? 
  culture in prussia ? 
  how are we appeasing them ? 
  not selling to whoever they do n't want to . 
   they stick to the letter of the agreement but do everything they can to cheat on everything not covered by it as soon as there is some political tension . 
  yes , so what ? 
  does this behaviour scare anyone away who actually needs the gas ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  these countries still continue to renew their contracts . 
   germany helped russia to gain the ability to selectively stop selling gas . 
  no , it did n't . 
  your story has nothing to do with germany . 
  russia alone can do this , they do n't need the help of germany to put pressure on others . 
  you guys basically keep telling me how russia leverages its gas business , and then you go on about how ns2 would help russia leverage its gas business ... 
  ngos are not `` we '' . 
  you are just proving my point . 
  germany and poland know that russia usually sticks with the contracts , because otherwise there would be legal consequences . 
  so what is this `` threatening the security '' thing people keep talking about ? 
  if there is a situation in which russia wo n't respect the legal consequences anymore , we all will be deep in the shitter anyways . 
  at such a point , they simply wo n't sell the gas , no matter how many pipelines we 've built . 
  well , if criticizing is all you wan na do , i apologize and withdraw any objections . 
  the legality of it is actually what matters . 
  you want people and organizations to act differently . 
  but there is no way to make that happen within the legal framework . 
  that 's all . 
  how would you like to implement changes to political correctness ? 
  what is your solution ? 
   i am not arguing about the legality of it , yes , indeed . 
  you are ignoring the thing that matters most . 
  people and organizations are free to decide how they 're going to act within the legal framework . 
  if they want to be political correct , they can be !, 
  getting invited and then banned because something happened is basically the same as when something happens and he is n't invited in the first place . 
   secular apples with religious oranges sorry , i have no idea what that is . 
  i was talking about private organizations . 
  dawkins ' rights towards the organization have nothing to do wether it 's a religious org . 
  or not . 
   secondly , a number of christian organizations to my knowledge , he even debated a number of them on invitation . 
  that does n't matter either . 
  what matters is that the stations that did n't invite him do n't have any obligations to invite him . 
  these are organizations excercising their rights , and wether you agree with their motivations or not simply does n't matter . 
   thirdly , was he ever disinvited because of christian outcry ? 
  that does n't matter ... look , christians have the same rights as everyone else . 
  if they want to start an outcry , they are free to do so , and private organizations are free to listen or ignore it . 
  do us a favor and stop your crusade against our freedom under the guise of fighting political correctness . 
  because that is what you are actually doing . 
  rules are the same for everyone . 
  just because they sometimes favor someone you do n't agree with is no reason to abandon them . 
  that 's a weird sentiment . 
  does n't a private organization have the freedom to decide who they let speak ? 
  how many christian-conservative radio stations invited dawkins and let him speak , and if they do n't invite him , are they politically incorrect ? 
  what is it now ? 
  did we resist the migrant wave or did we invite the migrants ? 
  / r/europe should make up its mind . 
  we too burn everything before we leave . 
  quiet !,
