  it might hurt some people 's pride , but at some point , just shifting blame does n't help anymore . 
  we 're not going to shoot people for crossing a border . 
  if you think this is a viable option , then i can only hope you wo n't find a majority for this point of view . 
  there are other ways to deal with illegal crossings . 
  we need to solve the deporation deadlock ( s ) , that is imo the priority . 
  there is also more to a border than just the physical side . 
  if courts and agencies can keep up with the migrant flow , we could literally just draw the border with chalk and it would be as hard as a border as a fence with guards is . 
  but processing them takes time , and bloating up our apperatuses is n't my favourite thing to vote for . 
  i agree tho that sending a message to migrants about coming here is importent , and i hope they get it . 
  do you know if anything happend to those in idomeni ? 
  these are the ones i had in mind . 
  those out on sea seem to use a loophole that is indeed hard to shut down . 
  the refugees were already in hungary . 
  did germany suspend hungary 's border ? 
  of course not . 
  should have germany closed the german border and let hungary deal with it ? 
  what do you think would have happend then ? 
  the source you linked literally says : `` germany seeks more european solidarity on refugee crisis '' . 
  that is neither a threat nor is it in any way malicious or even forcing something onto someone . 
  if you ware talking about the [ relocation of refugees ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/policies/migratory-pressures/reinforcing-internal-solidarity-responsibility/ ) , you might want to recognize that this was a decission by the european council . 
  germany is neither leading nor ruling the council . 
  if countries agree on carrying a burden together and afterwards some countries refuse to do so , how else would you handle the situation ? 
  someone has to carry an additional burden , and someone has to pay for the additional costs , no ? 
  but are they not in violation of laws when they help with trafficking people ? 
  we did n't open the borders , we were overwhelmed . 
  the only reason i 'm not saying `` overrun '' is because then people might associate it with world war z without taking into account the time scale and institutional reaction speed . 
  give some credits to our politicians and assume they have thought the proposed solutions through and are aware of most implications tied to those solutions . 
  if you follow the discussions here and outside , most people tend to agree on what needs to be done , but it 's the implementation of solutions that is hard to do , and sometimes neigh impossible . 
  so , yea . 
  for some politicians it is a convenient excuse to justify their mistakes and the delay in general by saying `` we need to help '' . 
  other may indeed believe in it , which would n't be really a surprise in a europe influenced by christianity . 
  on greece , some people say they should have never joined . 
  but that is not the point . 
  they did , and here we are . 
  getting in quarrels over `` shoulds '' and `` coulds '' is n't helping . 
  we have to deal with the reality around us . 
  i 'm on the side , that if they leave now and get their own currency back , they probably might find themselves in an even faster downward spiral . 
   it just seems hopeless hoping for proper eu reforms and leadership at this point . 
  change happens over time . 
  to young people , such things usually ca n't happen fast and radical enough , that 's understandable . 
  that will get better once they grow older and the fear of their own demise starts overshadowing everything else . 
   why are you forcing federalization if this was a reason that uk escaped ? 
  germany is not pushing for further federalization , if that 's it what you mean by `` forcing shape '' . 
  germany alone has neither the power nor the tools to do so . 
  politically , there is n't even much will to do so . 
   why not to build eu with more independed countries ? 
  if countries agree on doing something together , that does n't mean each of them is then less independent . 
   why are you not obeying the law allowing ` reffuges ' to get to eu without any border-checking ? 
  why are you forcing other countries to do the same ? 
  why are you dismounting eu ? 
  actually , germany in the refugee crisis obeyed the law . 
  as you might see when you look at a map , germany does n't have an outer eu border . 
  if you want to point fingers for violations of laws and treaties , you 'll have to find someone else . 
  and again , germany is n't forcing other countries to do `` the same '' . 
  see answer above . 
  if you are worried about migration , i can tell you , so am i , and probably most people in europe . 
  being worried is the easy part . 
  now he just needs to get rid of the media and the population wo n't be able to see through it . 
  we are surrounded by evil geniuses !, 
  what did you think how people would react to your polemic ? 
  you have no argument , that 's why you pulled out your nazi comparisons . 
  and that 's why you now run with your tail between your legs . 
  you are right , you wo n't argue like that , because you ca n't . 
  the things you are spouting have no substance . 
  the connections you make only exist in your head . 
  if you want to debate how germany is profiting from the eu . 
  fine . 
  if you want to debate how poland is profiting . 
  fine . 
  if you want to debate risks , failure , mistakes . 
  that 's fine , too . 
  but your borderline conspiracy bs and anti-german rhetoric is laughable , sad and worrying at the same time . 
  this is the hole erdogan keeps digging himself into . 
  with his bs decissions he forces other countries into a stance , against him . 
  what are you panicking about ? 
  i do n't see poland giving up anything in the near future . 
  if your vision of european unity means everyone does whatever he wants and germany foots the bill , then do n't count on us . 
  i do n't want to see anyone folded in . 
  for now , i 'd consider it a step in the right direction if the eu would stop expanding . 
  are you referring to the ngos engaged in human trafficking ? 
  how do you envision cooperation ? 
  i 'd say if the eu is not able to fix our problems , chances are the national governments wo n't be able to fix them either , no matter if we vote for left - or right-wingers . 
  they will just run into the same problems on the national level . 
  nothing outrageous on his german wikipage . 
  it is not unexpected from a left wing politician to go head-to-head with a right-leaning government . 
  with the focus on twitter and phone , they would n't catch a telegram , would they ? 
  aye , because back then , people with power and money never screwed over the powerless poor . 
  at least may did n't leave us hanging with minsk . 
  nice one . 
  also : relationships . 
  many of them . 
  if we want to enjoy the seine , we do n't care if it 's on a french or german vessel . 
  i would have already sent a note , but i 'm not sure which channels are nowadays appropriate for diplomatic messages . 
  i 'm sure such a move would go down very well with your trading ports . 
  / s you 'd have to build more streets just to have a place for all the lorry queues . 
  well , some brains are already getting kickstarted . 
  you win . 
  i give up . 
  really ? 
  is germany forcing abortions onto europe now ?
