  that 's the one fallen from grace . 
  in the south , using `` kaisersemmel '' , `` sternsemmel '' or short `` semmel '' , is more common . 
  the only [ german kaiser ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaenm027hgo ) i am aware of . 
  all others are either rooted in austria or have fallen from grace . 
  i need help with this . 
  who is this group of people that gets liberated ? 
  just process them there and then distribute them ? 
  or keep them there after they are registered ? 
  can we please get a netflix movie about his fateful journey ? 
  [ help is on its way !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/53xttb/its_over_folks_40_of_germans_under_5_are_actually/d7xjbbg ), 
  italy has been doing that for years . 
  we still have schengen . 
  probably because so far it happend within a tolerable scope . 
  it 's in the united nations convention on the law of the sea  every state shall require the master of a ship flying its flag , in so far as he can do so without serious danger to the ship , the crew or the passengers : ( a ) to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost ; ( b ) to proceed with all possible speed to the rescue of persons in distress , if informed of their need of assistance , in so far as such action may reasonably be expected of him . '' ( art . 
  98 ( 1 ) ) it 's also in some way part of probably most states national maritime law . 
   his goal was to coach the `` young upcoming journalist in how to best position herself so she could get more projects like this '' that 's just a euphemism for  `` threatening her into silence for asking wrong questions '' a veiled threat is still a threat . 
   merkel and hollande organized the summit and their press conference together specifically to `` please '' their own voters i think he certainly has a point there . 
  and the `` pleasing '' will go on til after the elections . 
  we can expect real action towards the end of 2017 . , 
  i see . 
  but that is kinda along the lines of what merkel said : more investments towards africa . 
  wonder where the discontent actually comes from , guess they are n't telling us everything . 
  so , what should they talk about then ? 
  how we fix lybia ? 
  if renzi `` does n't share their conclusions '' , then what are his conclussions ? 
  what would he like to be done about it ? 
  i agree , but the stance needs to come from somewhere . 
  are there any proposals from italy what our stance should be ? 
  were they struck down ? 
  did he bring a proposal to the summit and was declined ? 
  what keeps renzi from tinkering a deal with lybia ? 
  so , do serbians , romanians or hungarians claim the invention of the wheel for their nation ? 
   i think private businesses should absolutely have that right . 
  as should citizens have the right to boycott them if they do n't like such practices . 
  have you taken into account to what kind of society this would lead to ? 
  boycotts popping up left and right , answered by new boycotts . 
  we would try to drag our families and friends on our side , start groups on facebook to rally support , heating up the discussions to a point where we just start hating each other . 
  we are really good at escalating things , so maybe it would be better if we just do n't discriminate others in the first place . 
   etymologists disagree with your account of the word 's history . 
  the word started out on the wrong foot , and got more and more loaded over time . 
  if you want to express your pride about something , say `` i 'm proud of ... '' , it 's that simple . 
   simply put , you can express pride and affinity for germany without being hostile to any other country . 
  you can , but not by using the word `` v\u00f6lkisch '' . 
   people do n't need to use the word , but that 's beside the point . 
  that is exactely the point . 
  because people who use it want to establish a connection between them and the past . 
  if you want to start a campaign to `` re-brand '' the word in a complete new meaning , good luck , but do n't be surprised if people call you a moron for doing an absolutely unnecessary task . 
   the question is , does the mere use of the term make someone a racist ? 
  did you even read your own link ? 
  the word in question literally has been created to express something racist . 
  back when , for example , germans and french were considered to be different races , it was used to different german culture from others . 
  but not in the way of saying `` this is german , this is french '' , but in the vein of automatically attributing a certain quality to it . 
  `` this is german , therefore it 's better , therefore it 's the only acceptable thing to say/to do etc '' . 
  later in the 3rd reich , being accused of behaving `` unv\u00f6lkisch '' often enough lead to further questionings by police/gestapo and/or direct deportation . 
  so , what does anyone need to use the word outside of any historical context for ? 
  it 's not on a list of forbidden words , so if someone wants to crack a joke about it with his friends , they are not getting fined . 
  but cracking jokes is not what the afd is doing with this word . 
  allies , rest assured !, 
  italy has joined our war efforts !, 
  ^ sorry , ^ could n't ^ resist, 
  several things changed . 
  our world is way more complex now than it was 200 years ago , our individual and societal relationships more nuanced , knowledge has increased a bunch etc. 
  with what was sufficient to know 50 years ago to make a living , a child would n't get far with today . 
  we also have some more sound methods to raise a kid nowadays , thanks to scientific progress . 
  does n't mean a mother or father could n't apply those , but first they would have to be aware of them , learn them , and somehow manage to incorporate them into their routines . 
  the decission to leave this to someone doing it professionally seems to be at some point quite reasonable . 
  also , and it may sound cynical , in our societies we value an individual children more than we used to . 
  we adapted to a `` quality over quantity '' approach . 
  with less children per family , each children became more valuable , and therefore it 's education had to be a success , therefore the need to reduce random factors influencing the process etc. 
  the biggest driving factor maybe is the economic system , in which not only families compete against each other , but also their nations . 
  sooner or later , education could n't any longer be excluded from also being required to be as efficient and productive as possible . 
  the mothers were needed to contribute to the gnp in a quantifiable way anyways , and so the seperation of mother and child began . 
  i 'd guess in some families , the view of their children being their children , and not the states children prevails . 
  there might be also trust issues involved . 
  seeing how our education system is n't doing much for social mobility raises questions about the intention of even more state care . 
  raising a child on your own is for sure not a guarantee to a better education either , but who said we are rational beings ? 
  that 's a relief . 
  with the reaction of the ambassador it should be clear now , that the first story has been placed to enable exactely this . 
  all parties involved get to somehow keep their face and the whole armenia-resolution thing is out of the way . 
  a farce from the beginning . 
   proper proposals including things like a fingerprint database spanning europe to ensure people ca n't get multiple registrations [ eurodac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurodac ) is already in use for over a decade . 
  currently , we do n't have a eu army . 
   germany is very enthusiastic about an eu army . 
  i am not . 
  i already sense who 's gon na pay for it . 
  this is normal when there is a home match/away match situation . 
  but i do n't think the olympic games are intended to work that way . 
  ever tried to make a cat show any kind of salute ? 
  chances are , it has been the cat 's plan from the beginning to get this man jailed . 
  poor guy got set up . 
  no , it is still a prison . 
  no matter how comfy a prison is , it still manages to deprive it 's customers from some quite basic freedoms , which is ofc what they are supposed to do . 
  we outsiders often forget about what those freedoms actually are , and how dear they are to us . 
  poland opposed the project long before the refugee crisis ... 
  how would you feel , if france wanted to profit from every ton of steel the uk imports from china ? 
  also , are you aware of the role ireland is playing when it comes to taxing us companies in the eu ? 
   some people might save on water to drink more booze , which is certainly unhealthy . 
  what is the responsibilty of a restaurant here ? 
  to what degree do we need to nanny people into a healthy lifestyle ?
