  anything bigger going on in this picture ? 
  just make plans for a worst case scenario . 
  she is n't advertising it , she stated it , at a regional party conference . 
  that 's one of the most wonderous things about the migrant crisis . 
  merkel getting blamed and orban receiving praise . 
  act according to laws and treaties , and get shit on . 
  behave like a thug and become the hero . 
  that decission is not ours to make tho . 
   politicians backed by mainstream media brainwashed people to the point where they belevie it so people who agree with a politician , with which you apparantly not agree , are brainwashed ? 
  of course , people who do n't agree with you must be brainwashed , no other explanation even possible ... 
  he already called three times at den haag , demanding to speak to the leader of france . 
  but the people there only giggled and hang up on him . 
  damn these uncooperative hollanders . 
  do i understand this correctly : you are getting all worked up about a few lines of a fictional character in a weekly broadcasted telenovela ? 
  and now you want to use this as a source to prove that german tv is totally against trump ? 
  any chance he is talking about `` lindenstra\u00dfe '' ? 
  your prison just got smaller with brexit . 
  at least we get to keep our porn . 
  i 'm sure these doctors would be delighted to work for the romanian society once we deported them . 
  how do you intend to keep them inside ? 
  build a wall around romania to keep them from fleeing ? 
  do you even care about these people or are you just looking for a reason to ask for more money ? 
  they are afraid of china and russia stopped giving a shit about anything they say , so they consider europe an easy prey . 
  it is a pillar of the global economy , and bojo 's breakfast . 
   he who is not satisfied with a little , is satisfied with nothing . 
  - epicurus i do n't think there is a breaking point where people stop being corrupt . 
  is that you , # 18 ? 
  that `` something else '' is quite a bit too vague for my taste . 
  just riding the anti-migrant wave is not gon na fix anything . 
  if you have a shitty job now , you will also have a shitty job once the migrants are gone . 
  if you think it is bad now , watch it when the oligarchs have intertwined their tentacles . 
  we 're not going to enjoy the squeeze . 
  from what i can tell , some people seemed to be relieved that they were gone . 
  and i understand if their host countries do n't have positive feelings towards them after the refugees left ungrateful . 
  not blaming the hosts here . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  / u/201109212215 was talking about a burden germany supposedly put on someone elses shoulder . 
  it would be a burden , if they were still there . 
  and then it still would n't be germany that put that burden on the countries . 
  you guys are pretty harsh . 
  [ this ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/diulg40kii0/hqdefault.jpg ) is what you get when you google kaczy\u0144ski in germany . 
  sorry , we 're still working on our cheesy paleness . 
  and guess who is not going to fix their issues for them ? 
  the alt-righters . 
  interesting , to say the least , how the american alt-right and soon to be government works hand in hand with the russian government in support of the european right wingers . 
  if it 's not gon na be an actual shit sandwich , it for sure will feel like living in one . 
  according to reddit , the refugees that got settled down in other countries , especially the ee ones , already left ungratefully for germany or sweden . 
  so where is this burden germany put on other countries shoulders ? 
  or maybe this is just outrage and fear because some papers write funny stories about it ? 
  i can understand that some would rather see that money in their own pockets . 
  but we have conventions and treaties to follow . 
  that does n't seem too much of a concern for you tho , but if you want this to change , speak to the un . 
  immigrants come to the us specifically to work . 
  but , in dubio pro reo , they come to europe for refuge , and are therefore not even allowed to work from the beginning . 
  we are not bringing them over . 
  how about other countries changing their economic policies for better results ? 
  but of course not , that would be highly unpopular . 
  better to please your voters with euro money and stay in power ... 
  i used `` indoctrinate '' because it was the word you used . 
  what i personally think about it , does n't matter in this case . 
  so , you are for a `` anything goes '' approach , except for when it comes to religion ? 
  within a private frame it would be ok to talk about it , but not in public ? 
  churchgoers on their way home talking about the mass , would that still be tolerable ? 
  private bible lessons involving more than one family ? 
  is it just speech or also expression ? 
  churchballs still ringing ? 
  my point is : you are talking about `` shitloads of law '' , which at least is n't the case in germany , but what you are about to create does n't seem to be less complex , and probably even more controversial , than what we have now . 
  it damaged her rival de maizi\u00e8re tho . 
  mission accomplished !, 
  i think you are constructing some interesting legal cases with your argumentation . 
  by tearing apart some laws and then stitching them together in any way you see fit , you produce quite a few casualties . 
  collateral damage left and right . 
   to purposely misinform a minor just to be clear : you are against limiting free speech , but lying to minors is not free speech ? 
  where do you draw your lines ? 
  would parents also not be allowed to indoctrinate ? 
  how would we control that at home ? 
  might as well ban religions altogether . 
  can we also add fake news on facebook to your list ? 
  they also lie and minors are reading them . 
  maybe also have only one governmental broadcaster to broadcast the one 100 % - scientifically proven truth 24hours a day ? 
  i do n't think that this is the way a free society works , and no society is a 100 % free . 
  there are always limitations , and in germany our consent might differ from other countries , but it 's nontheless a consent . 
  what a wonderful world !, 
  how would you stop religious schools ? 
  with your interpretation , they could also plead freedom of speech . 
  reminds me of the times when germans still prefered german lyrics . 
  [ black sabbath ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piyrfvqmh7a ) [ the rolling stones ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwjp_xh8lp0 ) high quality entertainment without a forced quota !, 
  the ecb is independet . 
  it 's run by an italian who seems to be primarily interested in continuing the debt game that brought us into this mess . 
  i just hope that this time it wo n't be us again shouldering the unpaid debts . 
  and for the seemingly export friendly policies of the ecb : germany exported goods before the euro . 
  with an even harder currency . 
  with our kind of goods , machinery , cars etc , currency is n't the most deciding factor . 
  and we , like almost all other countries , have no interest in markets in recession , or impoverished greeks . 
  what are they going to export ? 
  who is buying ? 
  there is no competitive industry . 
  they would need buy complete modern factories . 
  they would still need to buy ressurces . 
  how far do you think they 'd get with a heavily devalued currency ?
