  everything else is pretty much a dead end . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  and here is what matters to me :  under eu rules , refugees are forbidden to work or claim refuge in other member states . 
  some destroy their identity documents after leaving the baltics , in the hope of claiming refugee status anew in richer countries like germany . 
  you have secured the fingerprints , right ? 
  are the ones who left the same as the ones who came via the quota system ? 
  as i said , you ca n't keep them from leaving , if that 's what they want to do . 
  but we can keep them from claiming benefits if they left without a valid reason . 
  edit : what is next ? 
  hopefully world peace . 
  of course , quotas do n't stop them from running . 
  but it stops them from claiming benefits in other countries . 
  and the whole thing is not only damaging to the eu , it 's also damaging the reputation of ee . 
  just depends on where someone stand on this issue . 
  which imo would n't be the case if some politcal actors would n't use this issue to sway voters . 
  ca n't know if it works if you do n't give it a try . 
  and no , the few alibi cases of refugees leaving before the quota system was in place do n't count as failure , logically . 
   we were ready to send them back to iraq because there is no war in czechia , i assume you meant `` there is no war in iraq '' ? 
  if yes , then you should know that `` there is no war '' is not a good enough sole reason to decline a request for asylum . 
  i do n't know about this specific case you 've mentioned , but there are court decissions about circumstances in which we are not allowed to send refugess back to the country in which the claim was originally made . 
  those are related to the living conditions in those countries . 
  if a country fails to provide humane accomodations and supplies , we are not allowed to send them back . 
  why would they drop it ? 
  the reasons why they adopted the quota system are still there , nothing has changed . 
  then why make a fuss about the quota ? 
  if they leave , everybody 's gon na save some money . 
  win-win . 
  the ones included in the quota are refugees , they are already recognized as such . 
  of course , they are free to leave , but then they wo n't get their benefits elsewhere . 
  that 's the point of registrating them . 
  what 's the point of your comment ? 
  we were talking about refugees , not economic migrants . 
   there will be a narrative here that she is gerrmmannnn and we can fix her ! . 
  that same chance will not be given to other kids in a similar situation . 
  nothing in the history of the brd would suggest anything like this is going to happen . 
  where do you get this stuff from ? 
  you might want to calm your imagination a bit here . 
   the germans may want that . 
  that 's a weird view on what germans may or may not want . 
  just to play devil 's advocat here . 
  the article states she was groomed on social media . 
  who knows with what romanticized vision of isis she left . 
  did she expect to join a band of murderers , rapists , terrorists , or did she think she would join a noble cause ? 
  i guess she is going to court in iraq , so we 'll have to wait and see . 
  just to avoid any misunderstandings : i 'm sure / u/norskeeurope did n't advocate for letting them off the hook if they renounce isis . 
  they 'd still face trial and punishment . 
   like i am not trying to be an asshole here and yet you succeed without even trying !, 
  impressive . 
  but please do tell , what exactly is germany 's fault here ? 
   we ca n't give them all the fancy things they expect what fancy things do refugees expect ? 
  safety ? 
  camps in liveable conditions ? 
  maybe a perspective ? 
  a native population that is n't outright hostile to them ? 
   and disagreement with the viewpoint of the more prosperious eu nation human rights and the rule of law are not up for debate , and they are certainly not a matter of `` different viewpoints '' . 
  pretty funny how you ignored every comment explaining to you the differences . 
  playing the victim is of course easier than putting any effort into understanding laws and constitutions . 
  i 'm saying your perception of the world and its events looks flawed to me . 
  if this is the fight you wan na fight , i 'm sure you know your options . 
  you make it sound as if there were an agenda in place that says `` europe needs more muslims '' . 
  that 's simply nowhere the case . 
  i 'm not going around asking people `` what does europe gain from having / u/scoresmandu around ? '' . 
  you are here , good enough for me , although there have been some pretty shitty things you 've done in your life . 
  i also would n't underestimate how much european life imprints everyone who lives here . 
  wether they want to or are even aware of it . 
  it is pretty much baseless , because germany is not the middle east and it wo n't become the middle east . 
  i have trust in our culture and our systems because i know them . 
   and do n't think that people like me will simply give in out of fear . 
  the impression i 'm getting is that people like you already gave in to fear . 
  overcoming this fear would be much more rewarding . 
  it 's certainly not a loss . 
  it 's also not an experiment , it 's real life . 
  try to live with the people around you , not the ones you are fantasizing about , wishing they were around you . 
  that 's just not true . 
  my and many others self-preservation is perfectly intact . 
  if you want to see your lineage going on , make kids and take care of them . 
  germany will go on with or without them . 
  i do n't know what germany would like look with such a population mix . 
  you seem to assume that muslims automatically develope into a predestined societal model or that without them it 's all gon na be sunshine and lollipops . 
  all that is pure , baseless speculation . 
  nobody knows what 's gon na happen to their kids and grandkids . 
  nowhere . 
  and it 's always been like that . 
  if you ca n't handle that fear and it causes you too much stress , you might want to refrain from having kids . 
  with no kids , why would anyone care about getting replaced ? 
  with kids , surprise , your kids are your replacement !, 
  we 're not going to live forever , so i really do n't get this population replacement stuff . 
  well , what stops you from having kids and outbreed them ? 
  i do n't know about other countries . 
  but i 'm not aware of any demands for special treatment in germany . 
  the same rights , yes , but no special rights . 
  and before we give into any unwarranted fears . 
  theoretically , they maybe could change the system if they got to 30 % , were an unified force and would find some other big groups willing to cooperate and ... 
  but that is in all its parameters for various reasons so far from happening , there is really no need to go there . 
  that 's true , but just looking at the numbers wo n't tell us if they integrate . 
  higher numbers sure will make it more difficult , but it 's still far from being impossible . 
  plenty successful people in europe who came here because they fled during the iranian revolution , the war in algeria and other conflicts . 
  no , it would n't . 
  refugees came to europe and the us for decades and integrated . 
  just because a portion did n't want to or failed does n't mean it never happend for others .
