  do not wake the m\u00e9lenchon !, 
   while some media outlets stay by their phrasing causing more problems , zdf removed the phrase as soon as they were made aware of it , and they did n't use it again since then . 
  wan na know what also requires good will ? 
  forgiveness . 
  pigs and geese are just cheaper to raise . 
  horses were meant to work and were only slaughtered when they had outlived that purpose . 
  at least that 's how it was for the poorer farmers . 
  adjusting the amount of gas flowing through the pipeline is in practice equal to stopping the flow for one country . 
  if poland buys 5 gas and ukraine buys 3 gas , and russia decides to cut off ukraine , they 're gon na send only 5 gas . 
  ukraine could then take their 3 gas from the 5 gas , but that would leave poland with only 2 gas . 
  to whom will poland complain ? 
  to russia for not sending 5 , or to ukraine for taking 3 ? 
  in such a situation , you can call russia a scumbag , somehow show solidarity with ukraine , threaten retaliation , and that 's about it . 
  because what they are doing is perfectly legal and they will get away with it . 
  russia has already all the leverage it needs , because it is the one selling the gas . 
  ns2 wo n't change that . 
  the only way to reduce their leverage over ee is for those countries to find additional suppliers . 
  if russia does n't want to sell gas , it simply wo n't . 
  there is no reason to fall back on dirty tricks to stop the gas . 
  every time this is getting dragged out again , the phrase `` polish death camps '' spreads a little bit further . 
  poland asked for an apology , poland got an apology . 
  should n't we give this some rest ? 
  how do you intend to use this leverage against russia , and who is going to pay the price for this leverage ? 
  ukraine already could n't use the old pipeline for leverage , and ns2 wo n't change that . 
  the way russia handled it with shutting out ukraine was to just reduce gas flow for the amount that was meant for ukraine and only send the amount needed for the other countries . 
  what choice did ukraine have in this situation ? 
  take the gas that was meant for the west and piss of the west because they did n't receive enough gas , or sit idly by and watch the gas flow through their county ? 
  being passive or acting kind towards russia is no guarantee that they will perceive us as the `` good guys '' . 
  they just turn on the propaganda machine whenever they need it , no matter what the west has actually done . 
  we 're all gon na die anyways . 
  peace at all costs is n't worth it ... , 
  solidarity on what ? 
  allowing others to profit from a deal they do not have any part in ? 
  should we ask croatia to route their exports to italy through germany and give us a share of the profit ? 
  what business model is this ? 
  ee depends on russia gas as much as we . 
  when it comes to sanctions , we are as harsh as our eastern neighbours . 
  you really believe this `` europe is sheltering pkk '' bullshit ? 
  dude , if erdogan has any evidence , or maybe a warrant , something a real court could work with , it would be neat if he handed it over . 
  just maiing a list with names of people he 's accusing of being terrorists does n't cut it , not in the us and not in europe . 
  he just withdrew that list with alleged terror supporting companies , that 's how reliable his ramblings are . 
  some people would buy it . 
  just like some people would buy unlicensed chinese star wars toys . 
  can we sell unlicensed star wars toys in the us ? 
  horse meat considered unfit for consumption due to heavy medication sold in lasagnas iirc . 
   `` the era in which we could fully rely on others is over to some extent , '' merkel said , before adding , `` that 's what i experienced over the past several days . '' [ from politico ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/what-angela-merkel-meant-at-the-munich-beer-hall/ ) and that 's also not as dramatic as you make it sound , nothing about `` going separate ways '' . 
  trump loved it , btw . 
  and yes , she would have never said that if it were n't for trump . 
  merkel has always been a strong advocate for good relations with the us . 
  she would have even joined the iraq war with george w. bush if she would n't have been in the opposition during that time . 
  flip-flopping on political stances has imo not that much to do with being authentic . 
  selling those stances with fake smiles , encouraging gestures and trained speeches , that 's what i would consider a matter of authenticity . 
  she clearly is not the baby-kissing-handshaking type of politician and does n't try to be one . 
  btw , she did n't change her stance on gay rights . 
  and her stance towards trump is a bit more nuanced than what you describe here . 
  kinda sad , considering where our carnival traditions are coming from . 
  merkel at least comes across somewhat authentic . 
  a better comparison with clinton would be imo von der leyen . 
  going for 200 years unchanged could also mean that problems do n't get solved and instead getting piled up in front . 
  one of the reasons for trump 's win was the desire for change , even for drastic change . 
  in europe we had our revolutions and wars that forced change , whereas in the us , getting rid of gerrymandering , curbing the influence of politcal dynasties or fixing healthcare already seems impossible . 
  if russia takes military action against a eu or nato country , they are also attacking germany . 
  gas is then the least of our worries . 
  if x goes to ukraine , y goes to slovakia , then in the case of russia trying to shut out ukraine , they only gon na send y through the pipeline . 
  that 's exately what happend in 2005 !, 
  russia started to send only the amount designated for the eu through the pipeline in ukraine . 
  if ukraine then decides to keep y , it 's simply stealing . 
  if slovakia decides to share its y , they are missing their amount . 
  you can read that up , 2005 russian-ukrainian gas dispute ... 
  indeed . 
  he worded it like that to imply there is protection while at the same not giving any guarantees . 
  cheeky fella . 
  we had this scenario in 2005 . 
  single pipeline , going through ukraine to west europe . 
  russia cut the delivery to ukraine , but continued supply to the eu . 
  throught the same pipeline . 
  the only options a country like ukraine had back then was to either steal the gas , or buy via a different pipeline , like in your example , right ? 
  so what does blocking ns2 achieve in this regard ? 
  should n't these countries rather look at their own connections with alternative supply routes to cover their imports ? 
  they can set different prices even with just one pipeline ... 
  it does n't create a new lever for russia . 
  they already have this lever . 
  blocking ns2 only creates a new lever for transit countries . 
  why would we accept this ? 
  it 's not just german companies , it effects every country that depends on russian gas west of poland . 
  and it also effects private citizens who rely on gas for heating , warm water and cooking . 
  hungary should have read more than just schengen and follow dublin . 
  the responsibilty to handle the refugees laid way to the east of germany . 
  they all failed . 
  greece could n't handle it , hungary refused to handle it . 
  and i 'm trying to adress poland 's fear of its security getting compromised by ns2 . 
  and i did n't say they did . 
  my point is , that even back then , ukraine did n't get the gas , although the pipeline was going through their country . 
  i 'm talking about 2005 . 
  they are afraid to lose even more investments . 
  i think it was the turkish economy minister who stated last week that foreign companies enjoy the same protections as turkisch companies . 
  yea , right . 
  with hundreds of companies seized since the failed coup , these assurances wo n't save them . 
  investors do n't like having to wait for the next akp yard sale to buy their property back . 
  you are just pulling accusations out of your ass , you have no proof for any of your claims .
