  on one occasion , rather than leave the 14 year old alone , the official took with him while he inventoried a rich jewish family 's estate , though soros did not take part . 
  tivadar not only saved his immediate family but also many other hungarian jews , and **** george would later write that 1944 had been `` the happiest [ year ] of his life , '' for it had given him the opportunity to witness his father 's heroism . 
  **** now i do n't know the specific circumstances in his life at this point , but this does n't sound like he basked in the misfortune of hungarian jews . 
  why are you trying so hard to brand a 14 year old boy as a nazi-collab ? 
   soros was 13 years old in march 1944 when nazi germany occupied hungary . 
  jewish children were barred from attending school by the nazis , and soros and the other schoolchildren were made to report to the judenrat ( `` jewish council '' ) which had been established during the occupation . 
  soros later described this time to writer michael lewis : `` the jewish council asked the little kids to hand out the deportation notices . 
  i was told to go to the jewish council . 
  and there i was given these small slips of paper ... 
  i took this piece of paper to my father . 
  he instantly recognized it . 
  this was a list of hungarian jewish lawyers . 
  he said , `` you deliver the slips of paper and tell the people that if they report they will be deported . '', 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_soros ) there goes your `` nazi-collaborator '' ... 
  and it never ends . 
  it 's a boringly repetitious neverending cycle . 
  week after week after week after week ^ after ^ ^ week ^ ^ ^ after ^ ^ ^ ^ week ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ after, 
  `` throwing them to the russians '' would imply the americans and europeans are actively doing this . 
  which they are not . 
  what would you recommend to do about it , besides trying to contain and deescalate the conflict ? 
  i agree with pretty much everything you said , with two exceptions : i do n't think the eu is in a terrible state , i would n't even call it a bad state . 
  we 're also not at a dead end , but we are not sure which direction we should head . 
  back to basics or continuing the integration appears to be the choice . 
  and that can be solved , or partially circumvented for the time being . 
  second thing is , i do n't agree on `` having to make an example '' of the uk . 
  if what we believe is true , that , as you put it ,  being united under a single trade bloc gave the eu countries a voice internationally , a stronger voice than any single country would have , then in the long term the example will set itself , without us wishing for anything . 
  of course , the uk can and probably will align itself even more with other states and wo n't be without international weight . 
  therefore , trying to make an example out of brexit does n't really serve a purpose , it probably would n't be more than a try and nothing good would come out of it . 
  the eu has value and values . 
  just difficult for some people to see that , since it is hard to put a price tag on it . 
  but if money is all they care about , it is easier for everyone involved to not have them in the union . 
  so far , the existence of the eu seems to have served it 's citizens ' prosperity . 
  that not everyone feels that way , is n't necessarily the eu 's fault . 
  so , the usa are protecting europe from the usa , as long as europe pays ? 
  and somehow it 's china making you do that , because they are threatening you ? 
  so why are you not going to china instead of good old irrelevant europe and threaten them back ? 
  would n't that be more appropriate ? 
  : i 've never seen an aircraft carrier . 
  i 'm not of the seafaring kind . 
  who is going to attack us ? 
  and what for ? 
  for not paying ? 
   it 's an excuse to drink sounds authentic enough to me . 
   there are many people who feel that eu , japan , and korea are getting a free ride by relying on us to protect them for free . 
  you must be naive to think the us government would spend even $ 1 less on their military even if the other nato states increase their budgets . 
   to these folks , it is high time america got paid . 
  that sounds like the us is planing to turn nato into a racketeering scheme , hand in hand together with putin ? 
  if it 's better for them outside , good . 
  we then might learn what we can do better and adapt , or leave . 
  why should we keep the union together if it is indeed better outside ? 
  there is no reason to force anyone into the eu , nor is there a reason to punish anyone for leaving . 
  one thing should be clear tho : out means out . 
  the eu shouldnt be a terminal where countries join when they are down and leave when they think they have prospered enough . 
  why do n't you also quote what he says further down ? 
   it is incompatible with the rules of the existing world order for russia to annex crimea . 
  but it should be possible to put crimea 's relationship to ukraine on a less fraught basis . 
  to that end , russia would recognize ukraine 's sovereignty over crimea . 
  ukraine should reinforce crimea 's autonomy in elections held in the presence of international observers . 
  what ideology ? 
  are you getting paid for writing this or are you just hanging around with the wrong crowd ? 
  who said you are responsible for the past of your country ? 
   mostly from reading history books . 
  i 'm glad you find an interest in history , but please do n't lose contemporary politics out of the focus . 
   i sure will if germany ever takes over the us . 
  in which fantasy world do you live ? 
   ca n't find a single appealing thing in regards to communism . 
  can you say the same ? 
  i do n't like their reeducation methods . 
  that 's enough for now ? 
  where did you get the impression from , that germany would want to go to war with the usa ? 
  and if you want to reeducate someone , start with yourself , commie . 
  no , it is `` kulturneid '' . 
  that feeling of inferiority that overcomes some germans once they 've realized that they 'll never be bavarians . 
  you hear me , / u/gypsiehunter ? 
  i said `` never '' !, 
  noob . 
  another trumpist with a ww3 fetish . 
  thought you guys wanted the dems out because of this very reason ? 
  with so much chutzpha , he must be a jew !, 
  / s edit : added / s * sigh *, 
  i have yet to meet a german born after the war who felt guilty . 
  maybe they exist , maybe not . 
  a dampened nationalistic feeling is not equal to a life in shame . 
  hey , you forgot the black hookers !, 
  what if it is not the candidate telling them that , but their friends , neighbours , colleagues and bosses ? 
  whatever that means ... glad , you 've put that into quotation marks . 
  that 's just a backdoor to banning it . 
  gta should only be sold in the country it was developed . 
  if rockstar wants to sell to other countries , they better start producing there ... all german car manufacturers are already producing in the us . 
  if he wants more , he might as well make having been produced in the us an requirement for all goods sold in the us , literally the end of international trade . 
  quite a few people would n't even trust their own mother a 100 % , and rightfully so . 
  for me , it is not a question wether i trust them a 100 % , but wether i trust them more than facebook 's or the average user 's judgement . 
  considering that they are not deleting , but merely putting on a warning sticker , it could be a worthwhile attempt . 
  i 'm sure tho , that some people will see the warning as a badge of honor , like a parental advisory sticker . 
   bmw ca n't just take the money and make investments elsewhere . 
  so the biggest proponents of capitalism , free trade , economic competition in the world are now backpedaling on everything they repeated religiously over the last century . 
  castro may raise from his grave out of pure joy . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm sure the difference is obvious enough to be not confused with the meatbags . 
  by edelstahl and chrom , we 're not going to paint our bodies black-red-gold just to make it easier for the mortals to differentiate .
