  i totally agree about the valid reasons , and i too , consider it a courtesy , there is no arguing from my side . 
  but the decission to serve it should be up to the venue , as should the decission to visit said venue be up to the customer . 
  if you had a bad experience , do n't go there again . 
  tell your friends about it etc. 
  there is no law required to make a business change it 's policy . 
  from the business perspective , the customer also has to understand that there needs to be a line drawn . 
  if someone rents a venue for an evening and then starts ordering jugs of tap water , the owner might start wondering , if he missed out on revenue by accepting the party . 
  if i had to make a pick between someone sitting there the whole evening drinking 3 glasses of water and someone else chugging pint after pint , i 'd knew which one i 'd prefer , especially when it 's already crowded . 
  there is a difference between serving someone who needs to take meds a glass of water , and serving a party some jugs of water , because they couldnt figure out the price of bottled water before they booked their wedding ... 
  sometimes , complaining does n't equal having a good point . 
  it 's neither my job nor the eu 's to decide how much a business can charge for it 's services . 
  if the price is clear to the customer , i see no problem there , even if it 's overpriced . 
  as customers , we are free to take our money elsewhere if the service is not to our liking . 
  a law intefering with it would just add a new layer of bureaucracy to what once was a simple rule in life : do not order tap water in a restaurant . 
  most restaurants and hotels are not in the tap water business , that 's a water supplier 's business . 
  you are free to perceive it as bad customer service , as they are free to stick to their own policy . 
  for your problem with kebabs , drink before , drink afterwards , bring your own stuff , whatever . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to manage your water supply , why would we force someone else to do it for you ? 
  i really do n't know what to say about the beer thing . 
  you do n't like beer , but you buy it because it is only marginally more expensive than bottled water ? 
  maybe , if a glass of water is too expensive , it 's better to eat at home anyways ? 
  i see no reason why it should be served for free , unless someone is in danger of dying from thirst . 
  the host still has expenses , does n't matter much if it 's bottled or tap water . 
  there might be some heavy consolidation coming romania 's way then . 
  not a good time to be a small time farmer , especially with ttip around the corner . 
  is this even necessary ? 
  what is the current percentage share of imported produce ? 
  which country 's agricultural industry produces cheaper than romania 's ? 
   they 'd be allowed to fuck a woman some catholic priests do that , secretly . 
  the question then is , why do some turn to kids , and others to woman or man ? 
  part of the answer is , i think , that some people enjoying power and control over others become priests to achieve that power . 
  and another thing is maybe the constant exposere to young people due to the involvement of the church in schooling , nursing , youth groups etc. 
  not arguing pro or against celibacy . 
  just trying to show that getting rid of celibacy wo n't necessarily be a `` fix '' . 
  because married men do n't abuse children ? 
   i 'll side with russia over the islamists and leftists any day . 
  these are the choices inside the sad reality you live in ? 
  just do n't acknowledge their arrival but secretly support the new born pirate faction of the aegean sea . 
  hey , ca n't really blame it on his passionate campaign , or can you ? 
  he has a point imo . 
  they would still need to make sure the revenue will be enough to offset costs . 
  `` what could go wrong '' is n't necessarily a rhetorical question here . 
  `` lady gaga banned in china '' makes for a better headline than `` aerosmith touring europe '' . 
  i 'm aware that it is easy for me commenting on a crisis from a non-conflict zone . 
  but let me try to explain the point i 'm reasoning from : i have no idea , what can happen in 2 years time to russia , if it still has the money to support its troops . 
  i also do n't know what will happen to crimea or ukraine within the next 5 years . 
  and if we go further , 10 years , 50 years , i 'd say we are absolutly clueless about what the world might look like . 
  the most accurate prediction i can give is , as lofty as it may sound , that the dead will be dead forever . 
  that is imo something to consider before doing anything in regards to a conflict zone . 
  no matter if you plan to send weapons or soldiers . 
  if you think true indepedence is the road to go for east ukraine , would n't that be easier to achieve by any other means than winning militarily ? 
   syrian national council the last time i heard about syrian rebels , it 's been cia-backed rebels fighting pentagon-backed rebels , tho i 'm not sure it 's not just russian propaganda . 
  meanwhile , there are quite a few refugees on the road , do n't know if you heard about it , and no end of the war in sight . 
  there is still the possibility of the conflict pouring over to neighbouring countries . 
  so , getting involved has n't been in anyones favor so far . 
  ceasefires need to be made effective , that is the responsibilty of both ( 3,4,6 , whoever you believe ) sides . 
  if someone thinks escalating the conflict by putting even more fuel into the fire would lead to a quick end , one might find a nasty surprise at the doorstep . 
  at the moment , nobody is eager to accept even more refugees . 
  ya , maybe . 
  i 'm not an expert , and we can only speculate . 
  we do n't even know when or even if they 're going to trigger art . 
  afaik , neither the us nor the eu are in a proxy war in syria . 
  they are directly attacking isis . 
  in ukraine , the goal is now to make parties hold true to the agreed ceasefire and have negotiations about how we `` overcome russian aggression '' . 
  way less people die in negotiations than in a war of any kind . 
  i agree . 
  i just dont think that enforcing the rules will utterly demolish the uk . 
  of course , it also depends on how lengthy these negotiations will be . 
  you have to be clear here about what you are talking about . 
  the article is about uk-eu negotiations . 
   `` there are actually two negotiations . 
  first you exit , and then you negotiate the new relationship , whatever that is , '' she said . 
  and that is what the commissioner wants . 
  afaik merkel said , she 'd prefer to negotiate both simultanous . 
  for the zimbabwe trade , like i said , it 's for all i care . 
  i have no clue if negotiations would actually be forbidden by contract . 
  considering how difficult such things would be to monitor , enforce and sanctionize , i 'd say it might only bring bad blood to our still friendly relationship . 
  does n't mean the eu would look favorably at a member of the union trying to negotiate behind its back . 
  heh , that quote is golden . 
  a good headline if they start something funny . 
  so far , the uk is n't even in the process of leaving . 
  seriously , look it up . 
  the uk will be out of the eu once negotiations between those two will be concluded . 
  not before , not during . 
  after . 
  as long as the uk is a member of the eu , it is bound to all rights and all duties of a member . 
  to when the membership ends , see item 2 . 
  for all i care , you can send diplomats to negotiate the shit out of zimbabwe , like , right now . 
  but you ca n't close a deal with them . 
  any deal the uk negotiates with outside countries while it is a member of the eu will be void . 
  you are in the eu -  eu negotiates trade deals for its member states you are out the eu -  do whatever you want, 
  you are in the eu -  eu trade deals apply you are out the eu -  do whatever you want is n't this why you voted `` leave '' ? 
  sovereignty ? 
  what makes you think the eu does n't want the uk to trade globally ? 
  it made sense back then and makes sense now . 
  just because you do n't like it , does n't mean it is ridiculous . 
  it has been said over and over , a brexit would harm the uk and the eu . 
  now complaing about the harm it would cause , well ... 
   the only reason is to be vindictive . 
  not at all .
