  in europe such organisations usually exist only on a rudimentary level , and our authorities also have more experience in dealing with these networks . 
   what we know is that currently catalonia is an eu region with +7 million eu citizens , with some eu delegations and agencies ( like agency euratom fusion for energy ) and many eu interests ( like high speed mediterranean railway ) . 
  what will be the best solution to protect all theese interest ? 
  we will see  you are aware that this sounds like if you are trying to blackmail the eu ? 
  in another reply , you state that catalan pro-indepence politicians are `` willing to expand european union project '' . 
  how believable is such a statement , when the current catalan politicians are n't even willing to cooperate and compromise with spain ? 
  if you are already bitching over financial transfers to spain , do you really think mustering solidarity for other european states would be easier ? 
  we are still talking about values , right ? 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/charter/pdf/text_en.pdf about what values are we talking here ? 
  which ones need to be reformed , or removed ? 
  how are they different from the us values ? 
  does the usa put their values up for debate ? 
   not going to prevent abuse at all , that 's the point . 
  so you 'd be ok with just natives , or christians , or whatever your schtick is , abusing the system ? 
  or do you really think there would n't be abuse then ? 
   also what 's the point of all those questions , to point out that saying `` send money to families '' may sound appealing to many families , but without any further details , they ca n't possibly know if they would indeed profit from it . 
  but since i trust that you are indeed in possession of a law degree , i also trust in you having this all figured out already . 
   turning my town into trash with drug dealers in parks and small criminality on the rise . 
  so you have no laws against these things already in place ? 
  or are they simply not enforced ? 
  you may want to look into this , since any new law also would have be enforced somehow . 
  sorry for not granting every generation a new referendum over which basic rules they wish should apply . 
  i do n't know when and why the eu broke with this centuries-old tradition ... obvious / s, 
   send money to families that have kids if you think french , italian or german natives would be above `` breeding for wellfare cheques '' , oh boy ... how are you gon na prevent abuse ? 
  make having a job a requirement for these payments ? 
  reduce the amount to meaningless symbolism ? 
  would it be fair if a childless taxpayer subsidizes some millionaire 's kids ? 
  will there be a line above which such payments woul n't be made ? 
  would someone with 2 kids be at a disadvantage compared to someone with 5 kids ? 
  is there something like a responsible amount of children to have ? 
  a personal responibilty ? 
  what sacrifices are expected from families in order to raise the right amount of kids ? 
  some families are fine with raising 5 children on porridge , others do n't want more than one because they do n't want to sacrifice their vacations . 
  which type do we want to support ? 
  everyone equally ? 
  `` send money to families '' for sure appeals to many people , but it 's often the details that matter . 
  china is n't seen very favourable in europe , espcially in the group of `` anti-globalists '' . 
  such a statement is very well suited to fuel euroscepticism . 
   i believe the system we have is not democratic enough then please tell us how do you think it could be made more democratic . 
  and then watch people from all sides jumping at you , because your proposed solution either `` takes away their nation 's sovereignty '' , `` unfairly favors the big countries '' , `` unfairly favors the small countries '' , `` blocks any serious progress '' , `` favors the north/south/east / west '' , `` favors this region over others '' etc. 
  what you consider as flaws , has been specifically designed this way , because it 's already a compromise , with many different interests and viewpoints taken into consideration . 
  i 'm not a lawyer , so i 'm talking outta my ass here : the use of nazi symbols is outlawed in germany , so any attempt to trademark it in germany most likely would n't work anyway . 
  if it were n't outlawed , there would be quite a few obstacles before someone could register it . 
  before such a thing as nominative use could be claimed , the swastika would have to be established as a trademark in the first place . 
  * who actually created it and who owned it during the 3rd reich ? 
  * was it established legally * who is the legal successor ? 
  * what is the actual brand and what did it stand for ? 
  * is the brand still available ? 
  * are there any other claimants ? 
  * is the swastika still used in the same way it has been used during the 3rd reich ? 
  i would argue , that its original use as national flag meanwhile has been overtaken by other uses , like it 's done in the video of navalny . 
  if we were bored , we could find out how many google search hits refer to the flag in its original meaning , and how many are parody and satire . 
  the attempts to ascribe its associated traits to a new cause ( comcast , hillary , donald etc ) chipped away quite a bit from any solid trademark claim . 
  that would have been the best possible outcome . 
  thanks for nothing , india !, 
  we really should have registered the swastika as trademark and licensed the shit out of it . 
  maybe people would think twice about using it if it came with a bill attached . 
  `` we have reason to fear that the revolution , like saturn , will successively devour all its children '' - pierre vergniaud this thread looks better with 89 comments , just needed to dispell the bad omen . 
  how blind can you be ? 
  trump is directly profiting from cheap labor in other economies . 
  and he wo n't do shit to change that . 
  you are making the mistake of listening to what trump tells you , instead of looking at what he actually does . 
  he is in bed with big money , and you wo n't see any legislation coming from him that goes against these interests . 
  [ this ] ( http://nypost.com/2017/02/04/trump-scales-back-banking-regulations-with-executive-order/ ) is where money is `` earned '' , not small businesses or coal . 
  these are the institutions that drive down wages for the sake of profit . 
  the impact of migration on job loss or creation is , compared to the influence of investments and speculation , not really that big . 
  you can look at a population of 500 million people , see an influx of 1 million and call that mass migration and somehow this is endangering your job , your earnings . 
  but raise your head and notice the 6.5 billion other people on the globe . 
  they are not migrating , but their impact on your job is way higher . 
  that is the issue neither the american left nor the right can adress . 
  they do n't want to and they are not able to . 
  after all , the global economy follows the laws the us has worked so hard to establish them around the world . 
  the few thousand token jobs trump has allegedly been able to lure back into the us will come at a cost . 
  someone 's gon na pay for tax subsidies and deregulations , and it 's not gon na be the companies . 
  it 's gon na be the tax payer and the consumer , aka you . 
  cuts on wellfare and health care are acceptable payment methods btw . 
  and so is having your grandchildren pay for the expected environmental damages . 
  by bringing open borders into the argument you 're just confirming what i said previously about the exploitation of the voter 's black and white view . 
  you associate the left with open borders ( and business regulations ) and the right with security ( and deregulation ) . 
  who do you vote for in the us if you favor open borders and deregulation ( that combination would extremely benefit big corps but screw over the average joe ) or vice versa , closed borders and regulation ? 
  answer is , it does n't matter , because it takes 4 or 8 years until you get both anyways . 
  the parties in the us are playing one-on-one , and with every slam dunk , someone is getting richer and someone else is getting screwed over . 
  no matter who scores , that someone is always in the same group of people ... you have a black and white view ? 
  then the two party system offers you a black and white system to choose from . 
  trump is no outlier here , he is , as i said , just the latest trick of the `` globalists '' to sway voters from one side to the other . 
  such tricks help with keeping the illusion alive . 
   it has to look democratic , but we must have everything in our hand - walter ulbricht at least most people in the gdr knew what was going on . 
  it 's indeed ironic , how the real globalists , the people who shift around millions of $ around the globe to wherever the biggest profit awaits , are nowadays employing the poor and forgotten ones and the rundown middle class to fight the only danger they still face , the left . 
  the neo-liberals ( globalists , oligarchs , the rich , the 1 % , call them whatever you like ) exploit the xenophobia , the racism , the homophobia and the machismo in our societies to attack the social liberal policies of the left in an attempt to weaken them and therefore render the only opposition to their economic liberal policies toothless . 
  if you wan na spin a tale of globalists and leftists , at least have it based in reality . 
  the black and white pulp propaganda you 're trying to sell belongs to the 1950s . 
  once more into the fray . 
  into the last good fight i 'll ever know . 
  live and die on this day . 
  live and die on this day . 
  there is no right to maintain `` a sphere of influence '' . 
  but there are laws for borders and the integrity of a territory . 
  i can see someone from russia feeling sorry for his country losing it 's grip over another country . 
  but for anyone outside of russia , and especially in ukraine , the feelings of russian imperialists should n't concern us . 
  ukraine is a sovereign country and has every right to negotiate with whoever it wants to .
