  on the other hand i love my other grandparents ' countryside . 
  not really aiming to make this a sob story , just an experience . 
  my family and i were very close to getting killed during the bombing . 
  as food was scarce in the cities , when the bombing started we packed our stuff and went to stay with my grandparents at the country side . 
  nato typically went for the major bridges , so my father used a less major routes . 
  we listened to radio as the bomb targets were announced , but for some reason we did n't catch up the announcment of the bridge ahead of us . 
  when we approached the bridge , there , thankfully were people waving and yelling to stop . 
  a couple of minutes later later the bridge blew into pieces . 
  i 'm not from the eu to mind it in the first place , but israel . 
  * pats the bot *, 
  yea . 
  i did n't mean the comparative matching is the same . 
  services tend to be cheap here . 
  you can even get haircut for less than 2e , but the difference to a 3e or 4e hairdresser is big , so i 'd only recommend it if you 're doing a short hairstyle . 
  salaries match the prices here , just as they do in switzerland :p, 
  i should add something that 's probably of everyone 's interest : cable + internet ( 60mbps down , 10 up ) - 28e, 
  there are some in belgrade , novi sad and zlatibor i guess . 
  i hear english maybe once daily when i 'm around the city , so they 're kinda rare . 
  they do go a lot to clubs and splavs so they make up a big % there . 
  we are definitely not a tourist destination , but compared to 10-15 years ago i think tourist numbers have tripled , or quadrupled . 
   we have so much to offer at very high prices though, 
  certainly far better than hbo go , but still not good enough imo . 
  the reason it 's not good enough is that we ( everyone in europe , really ) pay pretty much the same price as the american users , yet only have 1/3 or so of their library . 
  serbia : 2910 croatia : 2901 i 'll take it, 
  well , idk where you are from , but here are some supermarket prices so you can compare : ground beef 1kg - 5e ground pork 1kg - 4e chicken drumsticks 1kg - 3e chicken breasts 1kg - 4e yogurt 1kg - 0.80 e thomy mayo 170g - 0.80 e polimark mayo 500g - 1.5 e dijamant tartar sauce 300g - 0.80 e ( their mayo is probably cheaper ) margarine 250g - 0.5 e butter 125g - 1.30 e milk 1l ( the best brand , imo ) - 0.80 e 10 eggs - 1.20 e white bread 500g - 0.5 e coca cola 2l - 1e beers in a can - 0.60 e to 1e beers in a bottle - 0.45 e to 0.60 e fishsticks 1kg - 5e bottled water 1.5 l - 0.35 e pack of malboro cigs - up to 2.50 e ( depending on which i guess ) haircut typically around 3e, 
  it 's used to describe a person whose 1 parent is white and the other is black . 
  we do n't really consider word `` negro '' to be derogatory , [ but some could ] ( http://www.gradsubotica.co.rs/wp-content/uploads/file/izvinite-gospodjo.jpg ), 
  actually viennese and our coffehouse cultures are extremely similar . 
  the interiors are similar and the time spent in them is too . 
  ours are more likely to have wide beer selection and sandwitch snacks , while theirs are more likely to have pastry/sweets . 
  actually that 's a common misconception here . 
  sure some people that are in between jobs visit , but people that have n't been employed in a while visit cafes very rarely . 
  we are n't really a welfare state , so people with no income do n't really spend 1e for a coffee . 
  albanska golgota, 
  [ serbian retreat through albania in ww1 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_army%27s_retreat_through_albania ) 240 000 died . 
  weird that `` calling us eastern european '' does n't come with that, 
  well , i do n't know if everyone calls it that . 
  well what we call `` meat pie '' is kinda like borek . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wtuy3xhadf8/vr8pntva8ai/aaaaaaaagfg/homiop4ztpc/s1600/pita%2bsa%2bmesom.jpg ), 
   i know that lithuania/latvia/estonia are not slavic but in the context of tracksuits and vodka the slavic influence is indeed relevant and a 50 years oppression that ended just 26 years ago is not something that can be ignored or unnoticed . 
  i think that tracksuit thing is n't necessarily slavic , because i ca n't really remember the last time i 've seen anyone wear it lol . 
  it 's more tied to that region of ex ussr countries i guess, 
  some reddit apps only show the written flairs , not the flags . 
  the problem is that the surgery was extremely costly ( it was in the usa after all ) , and the transportation of a child with such condition was extremely costly as well , and the state did n't cover the expenses fully , so the family had to raise an abnormal amount of money . 
  the hospital or the transporting company would n't have her before the bill was paid . 
  of course they are related . 
  the state did n't donate enough money for a life threatening situation of a 6 ( or something year old ) that resulted in her death , but donated 90 % for a non life threatening operation shortly after . 
  and before you say `` should 've donated to both '' remember that our country is not as rich as yours . 
  besides the most prevelent ones that may or may not be true ( fat , guns , dumb , uneducated , loud ) , i 've yet to meet an american who is n't : - self righteous - ignorant about pretty much anything non us related - prejudiced ( comes off from ignorance , probably ) - friendly, 
  well no one is gon na shout at you `` ha are n't you americans all fat ? 
  where 's your gun ? 
  etc. '', 
  people that have negative opinions keep them for themselves . 
  it 's common courtesy, 
  that 's cool . 
  we have be\u010dka \u0161nicla ( viennese schnitzel ) here . 
  i never knew austrians smoke so much . 
  this sub actually made me realize i know a lot less about austria than i previously thought . 
  one person also mentioned a couple of days ago austria had big slavic influence and it was the first time i heard about that lol . 
  meat pie . 
  yep . 
  we would be better of if we only relied on ourselves . 
  [ ca n't forget tatarka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwuqlkauqdi ), 
  [ this goodie though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf27q2bfftq ), 
  my name is nick crompton and no i 'm not from compton . 
  england is my city and if were n't for team 10 then teh us would be shitty . 
  we had an army major recently that became a she . 
  it caused an uproar because the country subsidized 90 % of the operation costs . 
  people were unhappy because a little girl died just before that because the state was incompetent to organize her heart transplantation operation in houston quickly enough , so people donated money to the family via sms . 
  unfortunately we were late . 
  greece and russia were/are the closest we have to allies , but if things `` get real '' we are fucked honestly . 
  greece is aligned with the guys it could `` get real '' with and russia would n't do shit nowadays . 
  historically though , they both aided us big time in world wars , especially in ww1 , in which russia entered the war after ah declared war on us and greece which took our population migration in after ah broke the front 1 year afterwards . 
  [ this is also the biggest tragedy of serbs in a single event , as 200 000 people died marching through snowy mountains in order to get to corfu . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_army%27s_retreat_through_albania ), 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen one in my country . 
  both of my mother 's and father 's families are from rural mountainous parts of montenegro that were up until recently cut out from the world . 
  so , i think the results would be pretty obvious : 99.99 % balkans . 
   i 've a culture too . 
  the way i cook , the way i think , my cultural references , my accent , are rather typical of a french person . 
  and all of that is passed from your ancestors , 
  pretty sure that 's a reason why some families do n't have family trees . 
  i got ta agree . 
  though a bigger issue i have with it is the climate . 
  during the summer podgorica is a literal h e l l . while during the winter the winds fuck you up . 
  the deal is : i 'm not arguing whether or not should you be a baltic country , i 'm debating to why you are considered as one by 99 % of the people . 
  maybe it 's fitting , maybe it 's not . 
  a lot of things are unfitting , yet are not addressed . 
  finnish or estonian . 
  but i 'll never do it though . 
  gambling is legal in whole europe . 
  though i do n't know anyone who gambles , except for sport betting . 
  the group does n't exist because of the lack of knowledge . 
  regular people do n't group up countries themselves based on their geopolitic importance . 
  it 's not like my grandfather , who only knows of the existance of the countries , woke up and said `` they shall be henceforth known as baltic countries '' . 
  the geopolitic regions are grouped by experienced experts , and this specific groupation is kinda obvious . 
  you all broke off the ussr together , you all joined the eu together , you all rely on nato to defend you from russia , you all joined the eurozone together , your market sizes are very similar , you are detached from other regions : divided from the nordics by sea , russian sphere is on the east and poland is on the south , you 're all net receivers in the eu and using the said funds to recover from communism , companies that opt out to start operating there typically start at all three countries and at the same time eu projects tend to involve all three of you together ( baltic rail , anyone ? 
  ) , so to coordinate that you obviously need some sort of a council . 
  a `` baltic * council '' * refers to the geopolitical groupation , not etno-linguistic all of those make enough sense to group you all in one sub-region , does n't it ?
