  i wish the languages would diverge so we can bury that thing once and for all . 
  montenegro , republika srpska and serbia are a different story though, 
  serbian propaganda in macedonia ? 
  whatchu on about buddy ? 
  of course it is mutually exclusive . 
  if you can `` influence the elections '' in the usa you 're not a regional power, 
  the real schroedinger box of this sub is that russia is both only an irrelevant regional power weaker than italy and is the puppet master of elections of the strongest country in the world and its president . 
  because in most languages we say `` j '' as it should be said : ** y ** es, 
  hdi doesnt have much to do with disposable income . 
  people here need to learn what gdp is, 
  spain , australia , russia , italy , usa , brazil ? 
  vignettes are shitty to be honest, 
  if you noticed the smoke before the boobs , take a seat *, 
  i said literally that theyre doing that in countries with considerable muslim population couple of posts up , yet you showed up and said that they do that all over europe ? 
  it appears that you 're being a smartass here , minus the smart part . 
  you said they do it evreywhere with muslim population . 
  serbia has muslim population . 
  they dont do it in serbia , therefore what you said isnt correct . 
  then , yet again i say , they dont do that in serbia ? 
  then dont say all over europe ? 
  they fuel extremism in only a few countries with considerable muslim population, 
  no they dont in serbia ? 
  yep . 
  he 's bullshitting hard . 
  its maybe 10 % at best, 
  i sincerely hope english is replaced as the lingua franca . 
  its written form is absolutely horrible . 
  also in a lot of cases sentances could be interpreted in more than one way . 
  youre being downvoted because you put spanish and italian in the same basket, 
  lol no . 
  idk man this seems like bullshit to me . 
  montenegrin and serbian diets are pretty much identical , yet there is a huge difference ? 
   command and conquer pros . 
  nerf zerg rush . 
  zerg rush is from sc, 
   up until 2008 they screwed us on every turn they could . 
  with friends like that ...  not to mention that the eu does n't really want us ( at least their population ) , nor you to be quite honest . 
  why should we wish to be a part of this then ? 
  everytime we stand up for ourselves we 'd get accussed of being russian spies/trojan horse whatever . 
   while back in the real world , russia actually has 0 influence on politics in serbia and ca n't really threaten us in any way . 
  this is why i 'm probably going to vote `` no '' . 
  i do n't wan na be somewhere where i 'm not wanted , to be honest . 
  ironically , i would 've probably be in favor of joining if i had n't come to this sub . 
  i 'd love for this to happen actually . 
  going to greece by the boat would be so dope . 
  we dont have apple stores here , only resellers so that could be, 
  kinda how most non europeans know the most about france , italy or the uk in europe . 
  iphone 7 in serbia 800e iphone 7 in the usa 650 usd . 
  this should be illegal , tbh, 
  i guess its because of shitty theory giving a lot of points, 
  when has internal eu conflict stopped eu to be hypocritical lol ? 
   i 've had 3rd year students that do n't know how to split a string . 
  you ca n't pass the programming 1 in first year on my college without that, 
   the news had run quite a few stories on how we plan to attract highly qualified labor from non-eu countries , serbia was one of those often cited . 
  it is payed similarly in serbia and bulgaria , so that would n't have happened either way, 
  you can see his face on 100 serbian dinar note , 
  well , for a long time i thought `` we are illyrians '' thing is a meme , because the region of illyria is * barely * covering what is today albania . 
  i must +1 you . 
  also one not so good proof to us ( serbs , bosniaks , croats , montenegrins ) mixing with the same people is our height which differs greatly from other slavs ' and balkan people 's heights . 
  hm could be a newer trend . 
  pretty sure that 's just people transiting to turkey and/or ethnic bulgars from the south east of serbia visiting their relatives . 
  i honestly know 1 or 2 persons that visited bulgaria . 
  80-90 % of serbs support the pro eu political parties and that 's the only number that 's presentable in this discussion . 
   us croats in general have some triggered people who see serbocommunists in every shadow , but it appears that we have nothing on bosniaks . 
  kinda same here . 
  just exchange serbocommunists with croatofascists . 
  bosniaks were kinda irrelevant in yugo and now they 're irrelevant in the western balkans politics , so it 's always been serbs vs croats rivarly . 
  if you have a family of ten in which one member likes pudding while the other 9 do n't and he says `` my family does n't really like pudding '' is he wrong ? 
  do you really need stuff explained to you in such a simple manner ? 
  alright . 
  how does that relate to me saying no one in serbia vacations in bulgaria even though we border them ? 
   serbia looks out for russia 's this is such a fucking bullshit that it 's unreal . 
  we are good with russia because we are n't obligated to sanction them and not because it favors them , but because it favors us . 
  massive amounts of fruit and other shit are exported to russia . 
  our trade with them is in a surplus , so do n't spread bullshit about serbia , like you have been for a fucking year . 
  easy there with those sane and logical arguments , you will become my favorite croatian, 
   no , over in r/ukrainianconflict / you 've consistently defended kremlin it 's almost as if one individual 's opinion can differ from his governments stance !, 
  unbelievable !, 
  if yugoslavia was n't a communist country after the ww2 maybe . 
   montenegro i spend a lot of time in montenegro each year and somehow i never notice girls that are as pretty as in belgrade . 
  zakynthos is a mad house . 
  it 's pretty dear to british , serbian and american 18-22 year olds wanting to get absolutely wasted with cheap alcohol . 
  there are troubles each year in one bar , let alone the whole island . 
  and by that logic what 's the likeliness of making it alive from [ albania ] ( https://www.voanews.com/a/two-czech-tourists-shot-in-northern-albania/2848859.html ) ? 
  every tourist country has casualties during the summer . 
   bulgaria was n't even on anyone 's radar in estonia for a vacation hell , bulgaria is n't on anyone 's radar even in the bordering serbia . 
  you might wan na remove the comma from your previous post then . 
   how can we be more connected and integrated to the european union ? 
  well , eu is really all about trade and movement . 
  reason why i think argentina and the eu wo n't be much closer than currently is because there is not a lot of either . 
  eu trades a lot with the us and canada which are even closer , russia , china and middle east . 
  also eu has to solve the migrant crisis from mena countries . 
  most of eu 's trade necessities are currently satisfied ( except for tropical fruits which is imported from latin america ) so i do n't think argentina would strike a trade deal in which it can not export as much as it will import . 
  1 . they survive , just as the lithuanian users said : by being tax havens . 
  not much , to be honest . 
  the only latin america country we know stuff about is brazil . 
  we know that you 're good at football and that you accepted a lot of nazis after the ww2 . 
   where are you from and how are argentinians seen in your country ? 
  serbia . 
  no particular opinion besides `` good at football '' and `` latinos ''  what 's the best place to visit on holidays ?
