  yes , you 're too naive . 
  this sub has skewed your perception a lot , as it 's predominately liberal while there are a lot of conservative people in europe, 
  it 's kinda both . 
  there are nightlife places that work everyday but there are some that only work during the weekends . 
  weekends are obviously more crowded . 
  but , there is one factor in the mix too : the weather . 
  summers are kinda special . 
  there are a lot of tourists and students have summer vacations so summers are a lot more lively than usual . 
  and generally the warmer it is the more people there are . 
  also ` splavs ' open up during the summer . 
  you can check [ here ] ( http://www.beogradnocu.com/en/ ) , [ here ] ( http://www.gdeizaci.com/en/ ) and [ here ] ( http://www.kudaveceras.rs/en/ ), 
  thats simply incorrect and illegal . 
  i was n't justifying anything . 
  i could enter a discussion but plenty of stuff is more interesting than your narrowminded comments . 
   kiddo thats rich coming from someone thats so quick to downvote anyone disagreeing with him, 
  i can work for 40 hours in google as a software engineer and a random woman can also work at google for 40 hours but as a secretary . 
  we work the same hours and `` on the same spot '' , but i get payed x3 times as much because of the nature of our professions . 
  or you know , because there is something to do in the city ? 
   they would n't earn less for working the same than a man men work higher payed jobs and have higher rate of employment, 
  there are albanians and hungarians here who are n't very well versed in serbian . 
  i 'm okay with one , not okay with the other ones . 
  mate there are already schools ( primaries that i certainly know of ) that offer education in albanian . 
  most of the street names in ulcinj are in albanian too for example . 
  alive cities past 23h . 
  in belgrade you can easily find cafes , bars , clubs etc. 
  stores , kiosks , fast foods etc that work up up to 3 , 4 , 5 am or 00-24h . 
  there are also a lot of people around the city , compared to some other ghost town capitals . 
  pizzas in serbia are better than in italy . 
  fight me, 
   i 'd rather clean my floor after you leave than smell your fermented feet . 
  i often see this posted here and i ca n't help but ask : what kind of fucking shoes/socks do you people wear ? 
  isnt target group for spanish pop music 15 year old girls ? 
  i totally agree . 
  people here think convicing others we 're not eastern europe will lead them to treat us better , which is completely untrue . 
  eastern europe isnt taken seriously because its politically irrelevant . 
  would you rather do business with richer or poorer countries ? 
  nato ? 
  agender and non-binary genders lmfao, 
  such as ? 
  does it even matter ? 
  i literally do n't give a shit whether i live in eastern , central or southern europe . 
  people here take it too srsly, 
  hey man , if you 're interested in exit festival , you should post in / r/serbia . 
  i 've not been so i ca n't tell you any info about it . 
  also i 'm afriad the tickets might be sold off already too , but not sure . 
  post on / r/serbia , seriously . 
  as for nightlife most of those cities you 're visiting ( except for vienna , maybe brno too ? ), 
  are a joke ( sorry ) . 
  if you wan na have good nightlife in poland and czech republic krakow and prague are the cities to go to . 
  budapest is good too and i do n't wan na sound biased but belgrade 's nightlife is appreciated by foreigners as well . 
   - attend a camping music festival or two and try to befriend shitloads of people ( telekom volt in hungary , rock for people in czech and exit in serbia look very promising ? 
  any recommendations ? ), 
   - try to befriend people hanging in parks , i 'm pretty confident with chatting to random people but do n't wan na come across as some rude foreigner , what 's your opinion on this ? 
  befriending people in festivals is cool , but do n't expect much success in parks and in public in general . 
  it 's not even considered rude , it 's just awkward . 
  serbians are a bit more receptive towards foreigners than people north of us , so you can only imagine how awkward it would be there . 
  here , small talk is alright in cafes , clubs , in parks if you 're siting . 
  avoid small talk at public transport ( seriously , if someone starts talking to me in public transport i assume they 're either insane or begging ) , fast foods , on streets or in general stopping someone who 's walking . 
  small talk in europe is definitely less successful , but not impossible . 
  some people wo n't like it , some will . 
   none of this cities are in eastern europe . 
  there are in central europe . 
  pretty much everyone outside of europe uses the ex communist countries as eastern europe , get over it man . 
  this http://plazma.rs/uploads/products/images/gbc6dialfqzzsllp.png, 
  so your bday present is a bunch of pictures some foreigners took for you ? 
  i would n't be very content if my gf gave me that `` present '' for my bday . 
   frisian here , we practically invented lactose and the whole dairy industry to go with it . 
  i think it 's extremely dumb . 
  there are romanian immigrants who had been living there for a long time , speak fluent italian , know italian customs , cuisine , behavior etc. 
  that are still waiting for citizenship . 
  and then a person from the other side of the globe pops up and gets it in a month despite never setting foot in italy , just because his ancestor was born in italy 100 years ago . 
  you can buy burek with plazma and nutella in belgrade :p, 
   i 'm talking here about french gypsies , manouches , and not the tsyganes from eastern europe . 
  that 's the same ethnic group though . 
  cigani/tsigani/tsygany etc. 
  literally means gypsies . 
  i did , but i love how you did n't understand mine . 
  serbo-croatian was n't a thing before communism . 
  tito did n't just say `` oh our languages are grouped in a recognizable name , so let 's just use it '' because it was n't a thing back then . 
  serbo croatian was pretty much started during the communism by both croatian and serbian linguists . 
   in 1954 , major serbian and croatian writers , linguists and literary critics , backed by matica srpska and matica hrvatska signed the novi sad agreement , which in its first conclusion stated : `` serbs , croats and montenegrins share a single language with two equal variants that have developed around zagreb ( western ) and belgrade ( eastern ) '' . 
  the agreement insisted on the equal status of cyrillic and latin scripts , and of ekavian and ijekavian pronunciations . 
  [ 44 ] it also specified that serbo-croatian should be the name of the language in official contexts , while in unofficial use the traditional serbian and croatian were to be retained . 
  [ 44 ] matica hrvatska and matica srpska were to work together on a dictionary , and a committee of serbian and croatian linguists was asked to prepare a pravopis . 
  during the sixties both books were published simultaneously in ijekavian latin in zagreb and ekavian cyrillic in novi sad . 
  [ 45 ] yet croatian linguists claim that it was an act of unitarianism . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian#history so , please , get the fuck out of with your `` we had nothing to do with it , they forced it upon us '' comments . 
   to top it all off , serbo-croatian was the name of the language serbs used to push their agenda about all south slavs actually being serbs so it 's very weird to name the language group like that , kinda still pushing the agenda . 
  which appeared during the communist times which were started by an ethnic croat . 
  but , nevermind that , it 's us that push agenda !, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enky3kvabsk ) song was big at early 2000s, 
  their written forms are, 
   latin script = can be any of them but : if you see a lot of `` je '' and `` ije '' combinations , then it 's croatian/bosnian , but if there is `` e '' in the same places , then it 's serbian . 
  serbian also prefers the `` da + present tense '' construction to the infinitive used in croatian/bosnian . 
  that 's most definitely not correct . 
  i know people from serbia that have lived their entire life that speak ijekavica . 
  also around 300k serbian speakers in montenegro and over a million in bosnia speak ijekavica . 
  so you are probably more likely to hear serbian ijekavica than bosnian :p not to mention there are , i think , people in croatia who do n't speak ijekavica . 
  they 're i guess like english spoken in canada , usa , england and scotland with a few extra twists . 
  there could be speakers of language x that speak more similar to some speakers of languages y than those do with other speakers of language y. montenegrin technically is n't a language but is a standardization of serbian ( which makes even less sense because serbian is majority language in montenegro and people speaking the two sound literally identical , and is only put down to your choice ) .
