  of course only a handful of people held that opinion , but a number of them did . 
  source : relatives from the us . 
  lol serbian movie actually had 99 % of auditorium aboard . 
  here it was very frowned upon because of its name . 
  american media did ( is doing ? ), 
  a pretty good job shouting about all of the stuff we did , so i ca n't honestly add anything you do n't know . 
  [ all time favorite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ejga4kjuts ) [ nowadays ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07x2niogw-o ), 
  updoot for sars another amazing song by them : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91cga_js7su, 
   dead : probably lenin . 
  you kiddin ' ? 
  when i think of russians i think of chekhov , dostoyevsky , pushkin , tolystoy . 
  even stalin pops in mind before lenin, 
  ~ ~ she 's not . 
  her father is serbian and her mother is russian . 
  he was only born in ( what is today ) ukraine ~ ~ oh shit , you wrote mila kunis , i somehow read mila jovovich . 
  my bad, 
  how do i feel about a guy who in ww1 marched with the croatian home guard with austro - hungary towards serbia , lived and then proceeded to imprison my county in that communistic stupidity kicking the real elite society from their homes and moved in his generals and communist party officials ? 
  not favorably . 
   i think that 's mostly the case with croatians and serbs how come ? 
  how would tito spark an argument between croatians and serbs ? 
  situation in montenegro is this : 2 people speak identically , yet one speaks montenegrin and the other speaks serbian . 
  funnily enough it 's not a rare case that some members of the family speak montenegrin while the others speak serbian, 
  i only use cash - it 's better in a lot of ways, 
  njuz.net is serbian version of the onion . 
  vukajlija is something between the urban dictionary and 9gag . 
  kupujemprodajem and limundo are less extensive craigslist and ebay . 
  ispovesti is a confession site here ( dunno if there are actually any other major ones that do anonymous confessions besides ours , but i assume there are ), 
  montenegrin language is a joke . 
  it 's not even majority in the only country it 's official in . 
  montenegro . 
  because it 's the other home . 
  i meant flaming polish players are n't better than flaming russian players despite the primary flaming keyword, 
  pretty much the same, 
  flamers in online game with `` kurwa '', 
  i do n't think there 's a judistical system in europe that does n't follow that, 
  yes . 
  / r/europe, 
  serbs and macedonians are most definitely the same people and serbs and greeks are similarly religious . 
  theyhave nothing to do with ancient greece ? 
  what ? 
  deciding what 's appropriate is pretty much implicitly banning, 
   anything '' oriental '' sounding is banned on radio/tv ( be it serbian or croatian ) . 
  what the fuck, 
  is it true serbian cajke are a guilty pleasure for some there ? 
  i really thought you had that tier garbage of your own so im a bit surprised you know of her, 
  croatia has comparable garbage to that , tbh, 
  i knew it was bonbon even before looking haha, 
  theres quite a bit of european electronics music thats not really popular outside of europe, 
  sci-fi - i like the stuff that centers on space exploration , first contact or survival of the earth . 
  oblivion , prometheus , interstellar etc. 
  fantasy - i like a unique universe . 
  hp , lotr , game of thrones etc, 
  dude i get that you do n't like him , but he is not a narcissist . 
  youre not gon na research a country you 're not interested in , are you, 
  very uncommon, 
  what country is that if i may ask ? 
  ( may a ) dog fuck your mother in the cunt, 
  genitals , animals and family members, 
  same . 
  some people here actually insulted my country because we do n't hate them . 
  i dont see them hating the us for invading other countries . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  he 's pro american and will like/hate countries depending on how it fits his country 's interests . 
  i swear people here legit think politicians are sentimental about other countries . 
  coolest sounding languages to me are finnish and korean . 
  ( they even sound similar to me ) . 
  not really langauge families because grouping would be too wide imo . 
  [ yup i was a silly teenager ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2slcwndgd4 ), 
  what flavors do you have then ? 
  you 're not missing much , to be honest . 
  ketchup flavor is similar to it and better, 
  because gdp per capita is n't a precise indicator of development , as i was arguing with some people here few days ago . 
  ( sorry i bailed on that conversation btw , i got the official reddit app and it does n't notify me of replies at all ) here 's a very basic example so do n't rip on me for not being the best - you make 1000 light bulbs in ukraine and in switzerland . 
  in switzerland they cost 10e in ukraine they cost 2e . 
  so in switzerland that increases the gdp by 10 000e , while in ukraine by 2000e . 
  that 's why people use gdp ( ppp ) adjusted more often , because it reduces the price disparities a bit , but it too has it 's flaws . 
  pretty sure every country has pizza flavored chips, 
  [ pickles ] ( http://marketingmreza.rs/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/fotografija_chipsy-kiseli-krastavcici.jpg ) did n't stick around for too long : /, 
  i used to be fine with it when we had / u/executivemonkey and that other guy ( not gon na try to spell his name , ca n't remember it correctly ) messing around . 
  but since recently the sub has been '' invaded '' by people from / r/shiteuropeanssay posting provokative and dumb question to try bait some stupid answers so they could have content in their shitty sub . 
  by various criteria yes it is . 
  i do n't see your point though ? 
  it 's just a bloody building lmao, 
   also useless here i must disagree . 
  having high rise buildings can definitely be good for a country that 's so densely populated . 
  why do people want to get rid of it though ? 
  exactly my point, 
  i think it 's fine here . 
  i really have n't heard any woman being discriminated based on her gender . 
  maybe some employers tend to hire more men because of the maternity leave , but we ca n't really know that . 
  also through out my schooling i actually had a constant feeling girls were favored over boys when it came to grading . 
  we have it too and i gathered courage to try it only when i was 19 haha, 
  and here is our minister reading english with serbian phonemes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1jxrwrqtvg, 
   in english and some other languages , the word nationality is sometimes used to refer to an ethnic group ( a group of people who share a common ethnic identity , language , culture , descent , history , and so forth ) . 
  this meaning of nationality is not defined by political borders or passport ownership and includes nations that lack an independent state ( such as the scots , welsh , english , basques , kurds , kabyles , tamils , hmong , inuit , m\u0101ori and sikhs ) . 
  from wikipedia . 
  pretty similar to what you quoted, 
  the passports had different designs per kingdom but they were essentially ah passports and were regulated as such ( in terms of foreign relations ) . 
  also ah did have universal citizenship check on the right side : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikola_tesla but yea at the end tesla was an american national , so this whole part of the discussion is meaningless . 
  still my post is n't - the croatian wiki is the only one stating he 's croatian - american which is absurd in legal sense .
