  neither the name or the surname are `` typically '' serbian . 
  and it 's addicting too !, 
  i heard some dude has been playing for 25 years and ca n't stop yet . 
  considering the trees and the style of the building i 'd say iberian or apennine peninsula, 
  and it 's people like you who enable this tax avoidance scheme to continue . 
  and they started charging 200 % more for coffee i assume . 
  truth be told , while i was in greece i did n't get a check 90 % of the times ( if i remember correctly ) so that 's a lot of vat not payed . 
  meanwhile in serbia i get a regular check in a market in the middle of nowhere . 
   high wind conditions you know that is only true for wide buildings higher than 15 stories in extremely windy areas . 
  then again , building wooden buildings higher than 3-4 stories is n't viable either . 
  steel is the to-go material in that case . 
  fire resistance is n't determined by that as far as i know . 
  so still i do n't agree with your argument . 
  yes i know what we 're talking about . 
  i 'm not like some people thinking americans live in a bunch of logs stacked on top of each other . 
  truth be told , they were given the deal and they just took it . 
   a well-built wood house is ** as sturdy as a brick house ** there are advantages to wood , yes , but this is simply not correct from any stand point . 
  this . 
  90 % of the users of this sub build the opinion of other countries based on what they read on this subreddit . 
  i thought poland was the mexico of europe, 
  why ? 
  fiber is a technology used to transfer data . 
  the speed of transfer does n't decide if it 's fibre or not . 
  if a ferrari goes 50kmh on the highway , does it suddenly become volvo ? 
   if you set foot outside of major cities in the us you are immediately reduced to dial up internet smaller cities actually have better internet offers in the usa than the major ones . 
  this guy explained quite well what many people fail to realize https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50rw6x/europe_needs_to_invest_800bn_in_digital/d76iapt, 
  i do n't think humans could create an ai that could destroy the human race even if they wanted too . 
  we wo n't be able to do that in the next 100 years either . 
  but it 's too far away from anything besides spain . 
  do n't go crossing major bridges and roadways . 
  kosovo will unify with albania 100 % after its independence . 
  lg g series , htc one series , and if you 're really crazy about samsung - note series . 
  nexus series is also good if you wan na spend less money . 
  galaxy s series has become unbelievably overpriced since the s6 model . 
  i 'd rather kill myself . 
  android has so much better alternatives . 
  we 're closer to them geographically and culturaly , yet that doesnt make us central european, 
  lol considering your geographical position a lot of transylvanian 's views seem bollocks to me . 
  romania being `` central europe '' seems just ridiculous to me considering it 's on the black sea and eastern of serbia , bih , croatia , slovenia . 
  on the other hand , everyone around it being balkans and romania being `` south eastern europe '' by itself seems even more ridiculous . 
   was standarnized only in the 19th century by panslavists austro hungarian demographic maps listed serbs and croats , alongside with serbian and croatian language together , with same color . 
  romanians see themselves to be in eastern europe rather than in balkans ? 
  does n't that make the biggest portion of budapest asia ? 
  lol, 
  funnily enough that guy 's username translates to `` wonderful cock '', 
  can confirm . 
  if you get acquainted with someone in a park/club/bus it 's generally seen weird to ask for their number to organize some further hang outs , unless it 's a for hooking up, 
  serbian students read it for the literature class in the 4th grade of highschool . 
  his speeches are dumb as fuck . 
  he puts no thought or even planning into them , he just says whatever the fuck is on his mind . 
  dam he is a bigger serbian than i am, 
  what does rep srp have to do with croatia and slovenia ? 
  born and raised in austrian empire you mean . 
  can you elaborate a bit please ? 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop, 
  oh well , you 're clearly retarded / or trying to troll me , because no sane person would say such a thing . 
  well op could 've linked this if you think that 's biased http://www.vijesti.me/vijesti/postavljali-i-mitraljeska-gnijezda-saj-na-granici-sa-kosovom-zbog-straha-od-suk-901384 ( montenegrin news papers ) but something tells me most of the users do n't read the language . 
  oh right , just as there was no serbia 's involvement in bosnian war , it was just the nationalist para military forces trying to make serbia look bad , no one in serbia gave a damn about `` bosnian war '' . 
  gread propaganda history though , keep it coming . 
  well considering it 's the serbian churches that are being destroyed in kosovo you could take a hint who targets over religion more . 
  ... no one in serbia thinks we 're enemies because of your religion . 
  and you 're the definition of a diaspora from one of our dear neighbour countries , 
  it 's possible that half of the serb population was killed on the croatian soil . 
  that 's a problem i have with kosovo . 
  in the western media the case is represented as `` a young nation seeking it 's long pursued independence '' when it 's actually `` a territory being annexed by albania via overpopulation '' . 
  what does that have to do ? 
  i never said its not the other way around too, 
  some croats are so blinded by the hate towards the serbs ... 
  and where have i claimed it was n't ... ? 
  i didnt mean geographically, 
  estonia is probably the most overrated country on this sub, 
  if someone is being democratically and regularly reelected because people feel he/she is the best option why is that a problem ? 
  try the feta chicken zucchini in bigpizza . 
  it 's interesting, 
  whats the shock ? 
  i completely agree with you , and i 'd also add that i find hijab based wear ( the one that does n't cover the face , but covers chest , shoulders and usually hair ) to be alright . 
  i can see women wanting to wear hijab as it can be a legit fashion thing without looking like a ninja and i do n't see any way it would threaten security on the identification part - yet some people are heavily opposed to hijab as much as against burqa . 
   germany won over russia fighting a two front war against the three strongest industrial powers in the world germany , austro-hungary , turkey and bulgaria to be precise, 
  burqa and burkini are two very different things . 
  burqa covers the whole face of the wearer and shouldnt be allowed imo because of various security reasons and i do n't find wearing burqas ( i.e. 
  having your face covered ) unprofessional at jobs , toughens education and in general is a complicated mess . 
  burkini on the other hand doesnt cover your face , and its pretty similar to having a fully clothed person dipping in the sea . 
  its only worn at the beaches so therefore the wearers have no obligation to interact to people so why should the people care about what they wear at the beach ? 
  and as for your 2ndvpart of the post ill just say thats the easy way to get minority opression based on the eu views . 
  i totally agree with some points you make , and italian groceries are probably more suited for their cuisine , but i also think that in every bigger european city in a big market you can find the groceries which are of a comperable quality , hence my points . 
  and as for italian pizza , i thought it was coincidental for a while , but literally everyone says it 's a dissapointment . 
  that mentality is present almost everywhere in the world though . 
  and what about those women who actually want to wear muslim dress code ? 
  also what about nuns and priests ? 
  lmao pizza in italy is worse than in serbia . 
  besides , there are no `` more quality indgredients for italian food '' there are just better and worse indgredients in general . 
  dude , if there was no british colonialism there would literally be hundreds of native american cultures being dominant on the continent today . 
  nowadays 99 % of the tribes are dead , and the remaining ones live in small pieces of the land , speaking english while their language is dying . 
  so , no , i do n't think colonialism was positive for anyone besides to the ones doing it . 
   much better food oh yea , only the italians can cook italian food which also happens to be rather unhealthy . 
  what 's wrong with nato ? 
  that 's simply not how it works . 
  the irish law can allow whatever as long as it 's not prohibited by the eu law , therefore the eu law completely overrides the irish law , but not vice versa . 
  the first poster said `` they speak the same language '' then the 2nd poster said `` they were killing each other before yugoslavia '' therefore we can assume they 're talking about the ppl in ex-yu countries which albanians , turks , illyrians and thracians were n't part of . 
  i assume that 's because polish does n't use r as a semi vowel like serbian ( and croatian and bosnian ) do .
