  secondly , as vucic 's party won the last election they get to choose the pm . 
  so , no matter who he chooses from his own party of which he 's the president , that person will be loyal and cooperative . 
  i really do not understand what are you fishing here for ? 
  for us to say `` oh what a dictator '' ? 
  definitely not . 
  almost all people in sns worship him like a god . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  i think he picked her because she seems to be the most competent out of the bunch and she 's well educated . 
   are we the first slavic/eastern european country to have a gay prime minister ? 
  [ seems so ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_first_lgbt_holders_of_political_offices ) . 
  other countries with gay pms are : belgium , luxembourg , iceland and as of today , ireland, 
   firstly , she is appointed by the president who decided as he was the prime minister to become the president instead ( russia anyone ? ), 
  vucic is still the president of the party that won the parliament elections , so he can obviously pick whomever he wants to be the pm . 
   secondly , even though the president itself is n't as important as the pm , nobody expects her to be independent of him , the situation will be similar to that in russia when putin became pm and medvedev the president . 
  he was sure that he can win the presidency and oust the former president and put in charge someone whom he can control and/or trust . 
  are you new to politics ? 
  because everyone does this . 
  are you implying having pm and president fighting each other is better ? 
  anyway , you stretch too much to draw too many parallels with russia even though you could draw the same ones with croatia . 
  paranoid much ? 
  croat * . 
  pretty sure croatian means a citizen of croatia in english , which she is not, 
  only hungarians share the pain what is our weather :( . 
  +40 c summers and -15 c winters, 
  why is this causing so much storm ? 
  why is it bad if it 's known who finances ngos ? 
  [ new life who dis ? 
  ] ( https://d1o50x50snmhul.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/13124802/dscn2141-800x533.jpg ), 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/822/421/dc6.jpg ) picture lol, 
  good, 
   eu-military is becoming an actual thing ah the reddit eu leaders have agreed upon it ? 
   the site explicitly has and promotes the `` games '' and `` music '' categories on the front page . 
   the site description is  download music , movies , games , software !, 
  ever heard of free and open source software ? 
  perks of being a flatland country, 
  around 2 - 4 yeah . 
  the competition ( lt , fr , es ) is fierce so nothing is written in stone . 
  last major tournament ( the olympics ) we finished 2nd . 
  basketball is very popular . 
  mostly our national team and euroleague or aba league . 
  nba is watched by some but not very popular . 
  only football is more popular , but not a lot . 
  i completely forgot about that . 
  literal bandits put the uniforms and pillaged peoples houses etc. 
  only a few countries from nato were complicit in the bombings . 
  idk how would the fine be distributed if we won ( we wont anyway , so no reason to speculate either way ) but no one really blames other nato countries for bombing . 
  nations who serbs hate because of it were the dutch , usa , uk , france and germany . 
  i agree the serbs did the most damage in the wars . 
  but people fail to understand it was very much due to the fact serbs had the strongest weapons , best positioning and overall most trained generals . 
  why do people on this sub talk a lot more out of their asses recently ? 
  you couldve literally googled and see first part of your post is wrong, 
  it 's one of the things that matters to me . 
  the article fails to mention the `` mosque '' was n't even constructed . 
  it was demolished mid construction because it did n't have the construction permit and after multiple warnings from the officials they kept building it . 
  so technically they demolished an illegal object after multiple warnings not to keep building it that was supposed to be a mosque . 
  that would be vote manipulation !, 
  yes . 
  because if the data is off for 1-2 % people that 's still 70 - 140 million people . 
  if we 're gon na use terminology , why not use correct terminology ? 
  well serbia currently holds gold medals from all the major waterpolo tournaments !, 
  but easy there , you still wo n't beat us at waterpolo, 
  must 've been their pleasure :d, 
  if a train were to try to accelerate to 200kmh in slovenia it 'd pass the border at around 170kmh :d, 
  serbia will start connecting belgrade to athens and budapest with 200kmh rail at the end of this year . 
  belgrade - budapest should be finish first in 2018 , hopefully . 
  thank you . 
  congrats on losing with only 1 goal difference, 
  lmao hungary lost to andorra, 
  the macrons already have children . 
   brigitte macron does . 
  emanuel does n't . 
   also , not every couple 's goal is to have children . 
  true , but this couple 's age composition takes it out of the question regardless of the goal . 
  if we 're gon na be technical - he created a site in which users can put up their torrent links which could or could not contain copy righted material to profit from ads which 95 % of the users block anyway . 
  50 % of humanity has below median * intelligence , not average . 
  the difference is - couples in which the man is significantly older can still have children compared to the other way around . 
   at their age , it 's impossible anyway . 
   her *, 
  turkey is more of a european country than georgia tho, 
  x1 + x2 + x3 + x4 + x5 + x6 + x7 = 16, 
   fairy the thing for dishes ? 
  why would they care about whats going on behind the scenes ? 
  iphones are assembled by kids workign 12 hours in factories , yet people buy them . 
  switched sides, 
  well , i was wondering because if finland and russia sanctioned each other , that motorway would n't seem to be of much use , no ? 
  care to source that ? 
  because blasting karst in such steep region would be both expensive and hard . 
  ah , serbia , we do n't have banana plantations , but we have youtube . 
  not sure if you 're joking , but the belgrade - sofia - istanbul motorway , and belgrade - greece motorways are quite used . 
   building through bosnia and montenegro is n't that expensive . 
  not many tunnels or bridges required , just blasting rock . 
  you must be joking , right ? 
  did finland sanction russia ? 
  or greece, 
  so i see you have n't even heard of the bombing of serbia in ' 99 . 
  that 's why i wo n't bother explaining someone who knows very little about the subject at 5.24 am . 
  sorry , maybe some other time we could discuss about something . 
  i think you are either sleepy or have troubles understanding other people 's arguments . 
  nevermind . 
  also , fyi serbia only started opening chapters at the end of 2016 .
