  greece , italy , montenegro , czech rep and spain are the most popular destinations here . 
   what 's the best food on the continent ? 
  southern european ( balkan + mediterranean cuisines )  where can you find the prettiest women in europe ? 
  slavic and nordic countries . 
  this sub was honestly ruined to me when question and discussion self posts started being discouraged by the mods . 
  never understood why was this sub pushed to be a political sub instead of whatever the users prefered , but whatever . 
  nope . 
  does n't work, 
  yep . 
  maybe they 're going for the 3rd time the charm type of thing, 
  you literally said the same thing the guy above you in the chain did . 
  yes i know that . 
  it 's a museum now , hence not a church . 
   hard to make a living with art if you 're selling pens you are n't living off art . 
  but i agree with / u/snitsie . 
  if everyone `` transparently sponsored '' their content , what would this sub look like ? 
  haghia sophia is n't a church . 
  has n't been since 1453 . 
  it should n't be , but people here overlook it . 
  croatia cheaper than greece ? 
  what are you smoking buddy ? 
  they both sound fine to me . 
  i did n't downvote , but the data the map shows is garbage . 
  whachu on buddy ? 
  guiana is literally in the south america, 
  hahaha . 
  gary , indiana is what i meant so people do n't get confused after your comment, 
  guiana is n't ? 
  sure , but just like there are parts of france with higher than usual homicide rates , there are such parts of the us as well . 
  to be fair , comparing parts of france with 250 000 and 6000 people with a 320 million usa is ridiculous . 
  what do you suppose comtpon 's , or gary 's rates are ? 
  not sure where you 're going with that, 
  yeah . 
  he is implying russian minorities , which are sizable in ex ussr countries are to blame for high prisoners rates , but lithuania does n't fit the implication because of them having 4 % russians if i recall correctly . 
  if you ask me , the real reason for ussr countries ( and rest of the eastern european countries ) dominating the list is because of communism . 
  when it ended , the privatization process started , and it was a very good opportunity to steal money and be corrupted in general , so a lot of people did that and got jailed later . 
   be a director of the company  privatization comes up  fake numbers  buy the whole firm and all it belongings for basically fucking free because the numbers you fake indicate the firm is doing shit ^ one of the schemes , there were many more . 
  what about lithuania though ? 
  krempita , you mean , 
  nutritional facts differ a lot between raw meat and cooked meat . 
  if you buy a 100g raw chicken breast , and it has , let 's say 20 % water . 
  also let 's say you have 20g protein in that . 
  if you fry it , and let 's say all the water evapored you have 80g breast with 20g protein , so that 's 25g per 100g of fried chicken breast . 
  i am very confused as well . 
  my family has meat in at least 1 meal , but typically at 2 or 3 daily . 
  meat is affordable and most of our national dishes contain it . 
  maybe it 's not correct because a lot of people buy domestically grown meat from farmers ? 
  ( my family did that last year and we even live in a big city ) idk, 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a3r-cg8wic ) a short video briefly explaining how meandries form . 
  really interesting . 
  i think , but am not sure , it 's the water reflecting the trees nearby enhanced with some sort of a filter . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://explore-serbia.rs/wp-content/gallery/uvac-2017/20160612_125836.jpg ) a picture that 's a bit closer to the water in which it also has blue colors . 
  rain in england would be a more newsworthy story due to less expectedness, 
  this map is not an average . 
  no deal then, 
  the point of the map isnt the exact number , but rather the comparision between the regions . 
  this map could be using different methodology , but as long as it uses the same for all regions its good . 
  iron gates for dubrovnik, 
  well estonians here bitch about it tho, 
  you know , the amount of sunny hours varies by year . 
  well there could be a 50 hour difference and still different colors, 
  i found it on wikipedia . 
  i 'll post the source when i get home, 
  even the sun dodges serbia, 
  okay ages 35 + seems about right , but 18-34 seems a bit too high . 
  i do n't think it 's comparatevily to 35 + only 12 % lower . 
  could be . 
  maybe you guys think we 're cheating and no one likes a cheater . 
  well , i feel we are more ` hated ' than the british . 
  but if they did , there would be a `` russia meddling in the uk '' headline right away . 
  so serbia , turkey and russia appreciation threads when ? 
  they also are more open to psychiatric treatment . 
  our cities are n't 60 years old , so we do n't really have available space in the downtown to build highrise bulidings . 
  well i did laugh . 
  not because of the turkey not europe meme , but rather because of 4chan 's `` implying '' meme . 
  it always gets me for some reason, 
  dunno why are you downvoted , you are correct . 
  usce tower is taller than genex . 
  either way it does n't matter as belgrade tower will be the highest soon . 
  it may be counted as a tower due to having quite a big and narrow roof while the hungarian building has much more space in the floors . 
   not for the faint hearted . 
  looking at that makes me uneasy , and i 'm not even scared of heights . 
  ponzi scheme in the 90s in albania caused a civil war . 
  was one of the most isolated countries during the 60s which resulted in having a lot of bunkers . 
  an old mercedes model ( ca n't remember which ) is rather popular there . 
  a lot of the weed smuggled around europe is grown in `` weed villages '' in albania i heard they make good baklava ? 
  underdeveloped summer vacation tourism potential . 
  blood revenge is still a thing in 21st century there . 
  have a bigger diaspora than the population in albania . 
  their language has a lot of italian and romanian loan words . 
  skenderbeg is a national hero . 
  tirana 's old buildings were colored in bright various colors . 
  two main dialects : tosk and gheg , i think . 
  both christianity and islam are dominant as religions . 
  that 's about it i think . 
  bosniaks only had it hard during the war in the 90s . 
  meanwhile serbs against ottomans , serbs under ottomans , serbs after multiple revolutions/revolts , ww1 , ww2 . 
  who knows how many serbs would 've been there , had we not died in so many wars . 
  me too thanks, 
  aight , thanks,
