  my worst experiences were with the dutch . 
  i met a few nice ones , but generally they were dicks, 
  well , the creators are croatian ... 
  since you are baiting me i 'll bite . 
  one of those was meant ad hominem posters . 
  you tried to discredit my argument not by anything relevant but by the fact i 'm a serb . 
  since you want to know so dearly , no i dont like russia , neither i hate it and your asumption i must like russia because im a serb is equivalent to mine you are a gypsy because youre romanian . 
  so , please , dont reply to me anymore , gypsy . 
  ah , you 're one of * those * . 
  nevermind then , dont bother replying anymore . 
  rouble inflated a lot though . 
  rouble can bounce back a lot in that time , so nothing is certain . 
  check serbian cyrilics then . 
  cyrilics h is written as x. 
   btw . 
  the latin letters are far more efficient with a diacritics - ask vietnamese the thing is , cyrilic has no diacritics , every sound has its unique letter . 
  knew it as i also understand people from zagreb and east of croatia easier than people from eastern and southern serbia . 
  from belgrade btw, 
   but the linguists are insisting that they 're different languages our linguists , maybe . 
  international linguists pretty much all agree it 's the same language though . 
   meanwhile i find it easier to understand guys from belgrade than guys from split you from slavonia ? 
  \u017d is pronounced as `` je '' in french je m ` appelle, 
  that 's a bit misleading though . 
  serbs do n't exclusively use ekavica , serbs in south-west , bosnia and montenegro use ijekavica . 
  sure , in the first month . 
  how many people do you think would go to these kinds of gatherings if there was a month with 20 or so attacks ? 
  people would become * too * cautious for them to have more successful attacks . 
  also , i do n't think there are n't * that * many radicals in europe , to conduct that many attacks and keep their influence . 
  also a big factor in it is `` being first '' with a considerable advantage . 
  we 've seen that with windows , android , google , skype , youtube etc. 
  a lot of those brands ' quality does n't justify their popularity , but rather the fact they were the first one to get an advantage which is very hard to catch up to for their competitors . 
  the deal is , all of those you listed are effects * of * killing people . 
  if you can send a suicide bomber and tell him none of those things , just tell him `` figure a way to kill as much people as possible '' and he does it , he achieves all of those you listed . 
  that 's what gives them power , they can act alone with a automatic rifle without any strategy but to kill people and they achieve all of those things . 
  they could also do all of those differently - they could bomb the eiffel tower , museums , research centers , factories , etc. 
  but yet they always bomb the places cramped up with people . 
   they want us to hate and fear moderate muslims so that we push them in their direction . 
  that 's such a naive comment . 
  they want to kill as many westerners as possible , it 's simple as that . 
  they already have won tonight because killing is their objective . 
   it 's why i go to other sites to hang out with balkan bros such as ? 
  it 's good imo . 
  not the most active sub because it 's not geo-defaulted but it makes it more interesting as there 's some inside jokes between the users and there are n't shitposts . 
  i mostly lurk it though . 
  mods even organized cultural exchange with / r/albania and it went smoothly , so props to them, 
  well royalty does n't live in hermitage yet it 's super popular so i think people would visit the buckingham palace regardless, 
  who the fuck visits the uk because of the royalty ? 
  30 usd for a homemade meal ? 
  are n't you over blowing it a bit ? 
  i think you overestimate those expenses greatly . 
  if a bag of chips ended up being more expensive , i 'd lose more money than having increased healthcare insurance because the fatties ca n't refrain themselves from eating regular priced chips . 
  still , you 're claiming being part of holy roman empire , you know , the one in which vatican had a great deal of power is responsible for their progressiveness in regards of homosexuality . 
  do i need to argue more to for you to understand why your argument is counter intuitive ? 
   arguably . 
  tommy douglas is seen as the founder of universal healthcare in canada and he was born in scotland . 
  and who is to say he still would 've moved to canada and did the same if brits werent occupying canada in the past ? 
  2 reasons : 1 . unhealthy diet 2 . low physical activity nr 1 . is well known , but 2 . is a big factor which often gets over shadowed by the 1 . one . 
  americans , literally , barely walk . 
  specially those living in suburban areas . 
  shop is 200m away ? 
  let me get the car . 
  going to the bar a block away with the intention to drink ? 
  taxi !, 
  sports ? 
  let 's play golf and use the caddy thingie to get around the course . 
  god i hate this comment . 
  croatia , hungary and slovakia were too , so ? 
  everything progressive about slovenia and czech republic , according to this sub , is due to them being in the hre . 
  god forbid they are responsible for anything good about their own countries . 
  it 's as if i said canada has a health system because it was part of the british empire . 
  how about no . 
  i 'm a tall guy ( 193 cm ) who needs to eat unhealthy stuff sometimes to get the calories needed for the day . 
  why should we need to pay extra because some 160cm tall people ca n't control themselves ? 
  except for the fact they tend to make these ethnic specific . 
  lithuania has the same % of r1a as estonia and latvia despite having far far less russians living there . 
  r1a is as prevalent in the baltic countries as n is . 
  but r1a is twice as prevalent as n in russia , if we 're going to be precise http://www.eupedia.com/europe/european_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml, 
  that map is not very correct tho . 
  check eupedia for better stats, 
  staropramen is n't really that good though, 
  sorry but that logic is rubbish . 
  if we take numerous greek or latin words for example : - in all of the european languages they are considered greek/latin origin words but in eastern asia they are considered portuguese/dutch/english because they 've spread it ? 
  - so assuming you think the logic above is good , a word `` penis '' can have latin origin in english and dutch , dutch origin in japan and english origin in china ? 
  it , like most of teh slavic languages has no articles and has grammar cases . 
  bulgarian and macedonian on the other hand , have no cases but have articles which is very `` un '' - slavic . 
  but , your sentence literally says they are , at present day , germans living in an `` eastern realm '' . 
  i agree with the historic stuff you write about , but i 'm not too sure it 's applicable to this day . 
  i do n't follow, 
  even more compelling to my argument . 
  i mean it 's literally on wikipedia and a lot of pages and furthermore it 's been said here by a lot of romanians . 
  but i do n't really care anyway , so yea . 
  i 'm talking about the present day only as you said '' \u00d6sterreich ** is ** ... '' from what i 've gathered , there are a lot of austrians that do n't considering themselves `` german '' , but rather `` austrians '' . 
  your vote difference also seems to agree . 
  i really do n't think 95 % people understand a minor reference from a video game that 's not even played by particularly lot of people . 
  well , not much of a pun if 95 % of the readers do n't understand it :p, 
  still , only 2 % of romanian vocabulary is from german , while 12 % is from slavic languages . 
  who says otherwise ? 
  how about you do n't spread false information ? 
  the slavic lanaguages that differ the most are definitely bulgarian/macedonian, 
  tell that to an austrian and see how he reacts,
