  not very big . 
  meat is a big part of our cuisine . 
   germans ' fascination with russia that 's a thing ? 
  it 's actually pretty standard for almost all non-european countries . 
  only 5-6 countries have visa free to usa outside europe . 
  also , schengen area 's poland , croatia , romania , bulgaria , cyprus also have to get visas . 
  also we have visa free travel to some exotic destinations such as china ( !, 
  ) , japan , korea , australia , south east asia , south america , cuba ( !! ), 
  and the carribeans , etc. 
  so that contributes even more to making traveling to the usa `` not worth '' . 
  he 's not controversial - he 's a criminal . 
  what 's teh point of this post lol ? 
  and not to mention doing the paperwork makes it `` not worth '', 
  `` but croats did the most of the killing '' lol . 
  i 'm not denying the fact the killings in srebrenica happened , i 'm denying it 's a genocide . 
  because if serbs had the intention to wipe bosniaks , there would n't be any survivors from that day , and very few survivors in the whole war . 
   denying genocide and spitting on victims ? 
  so the only way to honor the victims is to claim they were genocided . 
  thinking they were unfairly killed , and that they did n't deserve to die is not enough ? 
   i 'm sure you do n't like it when people deny jasenovac as well ? 
  so you think bosniaks genocided serbs there ? 
  because not a lot of bosniaks think that :p either way , i really do n't give a shit about what you think of jasenovac . 
  deny it , call it a mass suicide of thousands of people , i do n't care . 
  your opinion of it in no way affects me , to be honest . 
  i 've not even had 50 posts in teh past 8 months you 've been using reddit . 
  so unless you went rage mode and downvoted my old posts from other subreddits , you 're downvoting from more than one account . 
  either way , realizing my posts are making you mad ( despite never having heard of you until yesterday ) gives me an inspiration to make more of them . 
  my vote balance is -1 on you , if you 're wondering xd, 
  well , if you knew deep down inside i 'm wrong , you would n't have the need to downvote my posts from multiple accounts lmao . 
  hahaahahahahaahahaha -84 on my posts, 
  lol the whole comment chain is downvoted, 
  he copy pasted a part of someone 's comment which has his own username written , so because he also has res it shows next to it what the `` vote balance '' is for that username . 
  his happened to be +13 which means he has another account ( or accounts ) upvoting his own comments as res is attached to cookies , not an individual account . 
  do you even live in bih ? 
  do n't you call money `` novac '' too ? 
  hahaha , busted !, 
  he even edited that part out . 
  how old were they ? 
  our church is involved mostly in money laundering and tax evading schemes , so it 's not as bad as catholic church seems to be . 
  anyway , while we made a lot of mistakes as a nation , it 's really nice to hear people having such kind words for us , thanks !, 
  have n't been to ireland , but i know a couple of irish dudes over the net and y' all seem to be really cool and laid back . 
  cheers, 
  happy tv . 
  it 's like mtv , but trashier . 
  i presume drilling oil, 
  not protecting anything as i dont believe in god either . 
  but firmly believing god does n't exist is as equally `` unintelligent '' as believing it does . 
  a lot less than hungarians . 
  it 's gon na be lenghty so i hope you read it whole . 
  orthodox church influence here is dropping year by year . 
  currently it 's only firm on hardcore nationalists some traditional people and maybe rural population . 
  in general its influence is definitely weaker catholic church 's . 
  also in general their influence is only strong on old people . 
  young people are heavily distrustful towards the church ( even my father 's generation is , and he 's 50y . o. ) . 
  now , how religious we are is very hard to determine as most of us are baptized ( i am ) and if you are , you automatically are counted as `` christian '' in statistics . 
  now , baptism here serves both religious and cultural purpose . 
  when you are baptized here , you get a godfather which your parents choose for you ( if you 're a kid ) or you choose yourself if you 're older . 
  being asked to be a godfather to a child is considered a great honor and it brings you closer to the family . 
  cultural christianity is also very much a thing here , but religious discussions are n't really common at all , so our christians beliefs are milder than catholic ( i only know a few people for whom i know are surely religious , rest i have to ask ) . 
  i for example visit monasteries , temples , etc. 
  because they are a big part of my cultural heritage and there surely are a lot of people that are the same . 
  a lot of christian customs and holidays are practices by almost everyone ( like christmas everywhere ) . 
  besides christmas , easter and ones there are in other christian countries , we have a unique christian holiday called [ slava ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slava ) . 
  why these holidays are important even to non-believers is because cultural christianity is deeply ingrained into us by historic events - the ottomans . 
  if you did n't know they ruled the balkans for a looong time and during the time they kept trying to absorb and assimilate us . 
  their first and major strategy was religion - islam . 
  to those who converted they offered lower taxes , their children werent taken to serve as jannissaries , etc. 
  there were a lot of those who converted and now they carry arabic names like emir , muhamed , safet , amar , etc. 
  those who did n't , held tight onto christianity as it was already very tied to our culture . 
  being christian then meant not only that , it meant you still have n't given up and held onto our nationality . 
  so now we still carry names our ancestors hundreds of years did ( milos , nemanja , vuk , lazar , sava etc. 
  instead of emir , muhamed etc. ), 
  christianity literally saved our ethnicity and everyone who says otherwise is delusional . 
  so because of all of those above it 's really hard to determine a % of christians here ( hell , i even feel weird while referring to christians as ` them ' ) as christianity is very closely tied to our culture/history . 
  yeah . 
  and those 24 hours do n't matter anyway . 
  we still would n't see the lasor coming ( assuming its travelling at light speed ) . 
  it would just blow us up out of , seemingly , nowhere . 
  now i lost you lol, 
  well , the hypothetical death star could as well be 1 light year from earth . 
  and if it had fired a projectile at the speed of light a year ago we would 've been dead before you read this post without any of us knowing it is coming our way . 
  it does n't matter . 
  we would never see it coming as by the time light has bounced of it to reach our telescopes , the projectile would arrive at earth at the same time . 
  god existing is also a possibility , and ef in 10 years has zero evidence too . 
   no , nothing travels faster than the speed of light and we have a pretty precise map of what is in a range of 24 hours at light speed . 
  if a projectile came at earth at the speed of light we would never see it coming . 
  humans are n't as special as christians believe though . 
  a lot of animals example behaviors that were once believed to be exclusively human . 
  i am of an opinion that god existing or not existing ca n't be proven so i kinda believe in neither . 
  because believing in god on reddit is seen as ____ ( insert a derogatory term there ) . 
  hungarians . 
  not sure if their ties are strong towards hungary as most of them do n't even speak hungarian , but they 're a cool minority . 
  there are about 250 000 of them , mostly in vojvodina where they make up 12 % of population and 3.5 % of whole serbia . 
  edit : my bad . 
  i just checked and it appears a lot of them do speak hungarian . 
  my initial post was biased to one city and one age group . 
  well i 'm not a geologist , so i 'll take your word on it, 
  wait , i 've just checked it on map and noticed something strange - there are no rivers passing through tallin ? 
  pretty sure chalk is just a synonym for a mineral and an object which is made of said mineral . 
   in stockholm the water is taken from m\u00e4laren fresh water lake fuck i 've always thought it 's a saltwater bay .
