  slovenia , czech republic ? 
  there is no such thing as `` communist block '' . 
  there is eastern block which happens to compromise of ex communist countries , but does not compromise of ** all ** communist countries . 
  no need to rephrasing shit to justify a map that 's incorrect, 
  you seem like someone who has no idea about the topic , so do n't answer me any further if you 're gon na keep sprouting ironic bullshit, 
  not exactly , no . 
  it was in good relation with the soviet union until 1948 but never aligned with them , never part of the warsaw pact etc. 
  how ca n't people learn yugoslavia was n't part of the eastern block ? 
  your nation should work hard to promote * cough * dalits * cough *, 
  yup !, 
  taiga develops only when the winter lasts for a long time , tundra when the ground is perma frosted, 
  i live in belgrade and it was -14 this morning, 
  yup it 's even sticking . 
  the nearby mountains brought it and the low temperature keeps it from melting, 
  where in mne do you live ? 
  it snowed today in budva and hn, 
  yup , the balkans has the highest temperature differences in europe . 
  up to 40 c summers , and up to -20 winters . 
  that 's why i ca n't have freakin ' palms in my yard  . , 
  if they ever wanted to have snowy kings landing nows the chance, 
  he should, 
  funnily enough , izetbegovic is worse, 
  it would be a start of improvement surely, 
  no one is propagating a secession based on ethnic borders . 
  rs wants to secede at the federal borders, 
  could 've been done with yugoslavia too , yet countries left one by one, 
  we did to some extent . 
  but we were the only ones with a punishment and it makes us look like the only bad guy when we were the worst bad guy among bad guys with the strongest army and therefore capabilities to do the most damage . 
  territory lines can be agreed upon and with some population exchange you could achieve it . 
   i really do not understand what and who is behind this constant warmongering from serbian side but i bet dodik is not visiting moscow few tims a year for nothing where do you see war-mongering ? 
  e : i 'm asking a legit question and all i get is downvotes ... 
  alright since you bosniaks like using sandzak as a counter argument let 's have it . 
  - firstly , muslims ( bosniaks ) barely make over 50 % in that region , and they 're concentrated in a couple of small cities , and since sandzak is n't an autonomous region , but a historical/geographical region even if they * hypothetically * got a referendum they would only be given the small part of it they live on to vote upon . 
  - secondly , funnily enough the referendum probably would n't even go through . 
  because if you knew people from there , you 'd get the idea they typically see their native country to be serbia and they have no tendencies to separate - thirdly let 's say they miraculously did . 
  what now ? 
  they are stuck in a shitty mountainous region , with no university , banking , financial and service sectors . 
  no energy ( read : electricity ) pronouncement and bad infrastructure . 
  hell , they would hurt their budget a lot only by cleaning the snow they get for 3-4 months . 
  did i mention the heating ? 
  oh yeah , temperatures there were -22 couple days ago . 
  the funny thing is this isnt even fake , its just 14 years old news . 
  someone revived it either because he/she misinterprited something or because it gives some benefit to someone, 
  i was the first one to notice it in the first thread , yet everyone ignored me  . , 
  not surprising really - whenever i look over something in lithuanian i recognize a lot of nouns, 
   however they are not close enough to be fused in one language . 
  not that i disagree with you but i got ta ask , kaikavian , shtokavian and chakavian are ? 
  your argument relies on something on serbian and croatian not being similar enough , while you have 2 dialects of croatian that are far less similar to standard than serbian is . 
  so yeah , can you justify that without being contradictory or relying on ethnicity to back your argument up, 
  serbian : - 30 phonemes , 30 letters . 
  hell yea, 
  non muslims payed higher taxes , were seen as 2nd class citizens in the eyes of the `` law '' and their first born males were often taken from them at birth to serve for the ottoman army and to never see their parents . 
  but that has nothing to do with some people converting , does it ? 
  who is this classic ee racism any different from any other racism then ? 
  because the racist comments made by weuropeans are the same . 
  the title has nothing to do with the site page , it was put by the poster, 
  i 've no idea what everyone in this thread is on about . 
  this categorization has been like this for a while . 
  i 'm pretty sure of it . 
  em , i 'm pretty sure the categorization has been like this for a while . 
   classic east-european racists east europeans are clasically racist ? 
  it 's not racism , she simply is n't pretty enough and that 's what people are raving about . 
  sure , beauty is subjective , but what 's subjective is the exact approximation of it , there is also some objectivity to it too . 
  we may compare gigi hadid and margot robbie who are * objectively * about as equally hot , but the subjective me would say gigi is hotter . 
  now we have this objectively average girl being compared to objectively prettier women , so numerous judges had to be helluva subjective to overcome the objective `` beauty difference '' . 
  it 's not about her race to me , i like plenty of black girls ' looks but i just saw the title , saw the girl and thought to my self `` oh well , more than half of my female friends are prettier than miss helsinki '', 
  2 and 4 do n't have asses ? 
  seriously ? 
  there 's no prettier woman than her in a city of a million ? 
  at leasdt you had the snow . 
  we have same temperatures and no snow ... 
  not in casual talk , but there are americans here :p, 
  -12 in belgrade atm . 
  temperature has a lot more factors besides the latitude, 
  the lake effect is a hell of a thing, 
  holy fucking hell that 's an amazing photo . 
  you should really stop replying , you 're embarrassing yourself, 
  same here . 
  it snowed twice this winter even though the temperature is -12 atm for example , and has been under 0 for a while . 
   serbia however , are genetically more similar to bulgarians oh here we go again with this stupidity, 
  does sweden even have any thing fermented other than surstromming ? 
  well it just is , starting from italy being far better industrialized , having higher gdp , lower unemployment ( 2 times ) , italian economy consisting of exporting luxury products . 
  italy has a big trade suficit while spain has a deficit . 
  italy has a far better stock market which brings bigger investments to the country . 
  that 's just from top of my head . 
  on the other hand , spain 's advantage is only having a lower debt to gdp and having higher growth . 
  not the one who downvoted you btw, 
  he phrased it badly, 
  that answers my badly worded question . 
  i was wondering if the names werr traditionally latvian or not . 
  thank you, 
  well i did say typically . 
  zvonimir and tomislav are given here too . 
  economically surely not, 
  names typically do n't have ethnic or national affiliation , almost none of those names are `` russian '' or `` estonian '' . 
  `` popular among russians/estonians on the other hand is a whole another thing . 
  zlatan is a bosnian name , not swedish . 
  it means golden . 
  are a lot of those names anglicismic ? 
  spanish , italian and portuguese girls are nowhere as attractive as eastern european ones though,
