  edit : i am not downvoting you , and person who is should n't either . 
  we 're just having a discussion , if he disagrees it 's not a reason to downvote ... 
  the baltic countries does not refer to the countries which are inhabitated with people speaking a baltic language , it rather relates to 3 specific countries : lithuania , latvia and estonia . 
  i get why you think the term is unfitting , but the truth is a big majority of people do not know about baltic language family or that estonian is n't part of it . 
  so for most of us who are n't from the region the term is similar to benelux or mena , nordic and anglosphere - it 's political . 
  it 's not really `` luxurious '' though . 
  luxurious are dedinje and senjak . 
  i mean if you wan na get arrested , sure . 
  what happened / is happening with agrokor ? 
  i know the premise , but i stopped following the situation . 
  any developments ? 
  vignette is a dumb fucking way to charge the usage of the highways in certain countries . 
  basically it 's a sticker you buy at gas stations and it lasts for x days/months . 
  while in other countries , a sane system of tolls in which you pay after you exit the highway based on how much you used it is implemented . 
  i like tommy hilfiger shoes . 
  i thought it was a movie only thing, 
  so ... what is serbia ? 
  interestingly we 're teh only ones who call * italians * the frogs , not the french . 
  i heard it 's because at the times the stereotype came to be , we considered the french to be our closest allies , so we pinned it onto italians lol, 
  buba \u0161vaba is a cockroach, 
  same . 
  my german and russian are getting worse and worse . 
  i guess it depends on your circle ; only about 10 % of my extended family are smokers . 
  friends a bit more , but still low . 
  smoking is usually passed down from parents . 
  if your parents smoke the likeliness of you smoking is higher . 
  sorry for this late of a response , but what slavic influences are there in austria ? 
  we 've never learnt anything about that . 
  oh , you meant you consider those countries as a single region . 
  i misunderstood, 
  but what about those ? 
  its eastern europe thats controversial here tho, 
  hm , makes sense . 
  s\u00fc\u017eee does awfully remind me of seriban ( slavic ) su\u017een which means narrowed down , which plot is of a story line . 
  hm i always thought nerz ( nerc in serbian ) was of german origin, 
  german guys and me, 
  we 're not talking about the letter `` ch '' combination , we 're talking about the phoneme it often represents in german so you do not `` have it easier '' to pronounce , you just do n't pronounce it at all , ever . 
  so , wait , ch in `` auch '' or `` ich '' is the same as in scottish `` loch '' ? 
  it 's [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voiceless_velar_fricative ), 
  germans and nordic people are organized and trustworthy/fair . 
  greeks are good hosts . 
  and that 's about it i think, 
  you have \u017e ? 
  it is n't . 
  at all . 
  i do n't know any vegan/tarian, 
  latin is being taught here in gymnasiums and few other highschools . 
  not really relevant , since the referendum will fail here . 
   stojan this is actually a legit serbian name, 
  german does n't really have any traits from slavic languages . 
  my highschool had these trips : 1 . bunch of places in greece , 7-8 days . 
  venice , genoa , monaco , nice , barcelona , around 11 days i think, 
  [ easy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkszmpnzf-o ), 
  i thought milica was a unique serbian name : /, 
  montenegro and germany . 
  people living in city center pretty much have between 0 and 1 cars due to horrible parking there , people in suburbs between 1 and 2 . 
  thats alright , i 'm not trying to convice you of anything . 
  i 'm just answering the thread with factual information : that commieblocks here have plenty of parking . 
  whatever conclusion you draw from that is fine by me, 
  in case you 're not noticing , we have different flairs , 
  foodball , beaches , carnevals , favellas , jungle , amazon . 
  if we leave looks aside they 're alright , here at least . 
  decent quality , good heating , a lot of parking , a lot parks and greenery around the buildings . 
  i do n't live in one though , so my views might be incorrect in some regards, 
  ju ar bu\u010dering it, 
   greenland norse seem to have moved back to iceland i thought the thule people exterminated them ? 
  shit an overpriced, 
  very common in serbia . 
  what didnt you like about it ? 
  a couple of my friends didnt understand few parts at first as its a bit ambigious at times, 
  prometheus is actually very good imo, 
  pretty sure israel has maritime border with cyprus while az ca n't really trade if it were to join before georgia for which i 'm not certain even has a maritime border to romania/bulgaria . 
  well , i 've not visited , so i 'll take your word for it, 
  i love parrots . 
  / r/partyparrot is one of my subs lol . 
   and stop downvoting shit instead of giving an argument . 
  [ i have n't downvoted you a single time . 
  i 'm not necessarily against any of them joining , but i really do n't see them as european . 
  how is that guy a racist by saying that ? 
  racism is a statement or implication of one race being inferior to another . 
  him saying eu should be for europeans only is in no racist . 
  may be prejudiced , sure , but racism is a strong word and you use it too lightly . 
  whether or not people see azerbeijan as european has little to do with people 's appearance , and more to do with cultural and political ties . 
  israel , for example , by your appearance criteria , is even closer to europe , and culturally they share a lot of things with us , but i 'm pretty positive most of people here would not be too keen on having them . 
  just answer my question . 
  what is the criteria or country 's people 's appearance in order to join the eu ? 
  no , and i 'm quite unsupportive when it comes to owning exotic animals . 
  reason being that they are wild animals that have difficulties adjusting to living in a flat/house . 
  parrots and few others are aight i guess , but snakes , ocelots or whatever should be illegal to own imo . 
  i must imagine snake ai n't having fun living in a box that 's 1/3 of its lenght , unable to stretch , move etc. 
  passable under what criteria ? 
   look like this and this i do n't understand this part ? 
  why is that a compelling argument ? 
  try them with plums . 
  seriously , just do it . 
  my logical thinking is good i guess ? 
  but , my memory ... oh boy . 
  let 's just say i watched prometheus 2nd time last night and crazy , stupid love and i barely remembered even the most important things . 
  there 's ... ugh ... ada ciganlija ... 
  probably something along the lines of : `` the dish is as ugly as your mother in the morning '' or something , as our food is n't as presentable as french/italian but its taste is amazing,
