  that 's not true , because the pub was older than that . 
  i do n't think it has a particular reasoning for its name . 
  belgrade will also be lighting up the ada bridge in the russian flag , as usual . 
  do n't mind me , i messed up the links . 
  ah right my bad then . 
  i did n't initially understand you meant up to 500 . 
  thought you were claiming the whole grayed area was 500m, 
  i 'm talking about the 2 obvious color additions to the map . 
  one is dark grey , wide about 1-2 cm the other is light gray , extends onto the previous one . 
  the dark one is probably 0-50m from the railway , while the light is around 50-100, 
  i 'm sorry but dark grey ca n't possibly be 500 meters considering it 's matching the tram lines . 
  it 's probably 0-50m . 
  idk what you think but having 3/4 covered by trams is a high number . 
  though you might be from a small city which can be covered easily , but still . 
  some guy in this thread linked a picture of lighting up in french flag colors, 
  we have no good way to determine that except if reddit admins tell us the numbers . 
  turn out was only 55 % . 
  sad . 
  you are uninformed about the regime here . 
  vucic controlls almost all newspapers , tv stations , they bribe , buy votes , blackmail people into voting , add votes from thin air , have dead people vote for them etc. 
  and as a bonus , eu turns a blind eye to that and supports him over other candidates . 
   serbs on reddit are butthurt because reddit is a progressive liberal bubble for serbia as well as for any other country mostly . 
  but what they do n't realise is that / r/serbia has 5k subscribers in country of 7 million voters . 
   from what i can tell / r/eesti has 12k , and you barely have 2 million citizens . 
   even western serbia / r/croatia has 25k subscribers with half our population . 
  ever heard of geo-default sub-reddits ? 
  why are you blatantly lying like that ? 
   you 're english sorry i typically dont nitpick but it felt a bit ironic, 
  this is accurate except for one part : beli actually has support from older people too , mostly those who are fed up , while jankovic also has a big fan base of college studnets . 
  nobody seems to give a shit lmao . 
  i 'm off to vote in an hour . 
  to be fair , you guys just put your sigil onto a dutch flag, 
  well it is slowly turning into / r/europeanpolitics already . 
  if you look at the sub 2 years ago , the political posts increased immensely, 
  why did you decide to settle right on the black plague thing lol ? 
  what teh fuck is this shit, 
  aaaand it 's dying, 
  neither is / r/serbia, 
  latin/greek/russian cyrilic *, 
  and / r/europe has you, 
  not meaning to sound petty , but your political situation is horrible too , you need someone like him, 
  it 's actually likely that the source is incorrect and that serbia is the main bosnian import partner : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/import/bih/show/all/2015/, 
  there is one more layer here . 
  sites displaying the content with ads typically do n't * host * the media as well . 
  * technically * they 're just sharing the link `` someone '' else uploaded without the knowledge whether or not the original uploader has the rights to do so . 
  using an ad blocker which you likely are is also stealing by the same logic, 
  crude petroleum exports . 
  south korean tech  japanese tech, 
  i was surprised when i realized nokia is finnish, 
  [ the game nordeus is famous for ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.nordeus.topeleven.android&amp;hl=en ), 
  well i could see the headlines : serbs torture an innocent pilot bombing their country brave homeland protector tortured for protecting our freedom nazism on the rise ? 
  piloted endures terrifying fate etc, 
  if you 're gon na be a smartass you might as well link it . 
  i do n't think he meant he drove 12 times last week alone , he meant last week is the last time he drove through belgium . 
  you 're just wrong . 
  cantons around zurich are the richest in ch , followed by geneva and basel ( another german canton ) . 
  some of the poorest cantons are german , sure , but they have very low population and are remote . 
  no , he 's just stealing them from everyone else . 
  people who vote for vucic are very determined while everyone else is shaky . 
  i misread , sorry . 
  yes , they meant meters . 
  but no , feet is not close to meters . 
  1 feet is only 30 % of a meter , so someone reading the article is thinking buildings can only be as high as ~ 28.5 meters which is 5 stories building . 
   by law , buildings in budapest must not exceed 96 feet as someone who hates imperial units a lot , this fuckup makes me rage . 
  nah , carry on, 
  you realize we 're joking about this right ? 
  ye , i heard that one is fire, 
  but we have the international economical sanctions side story . 
  nah , romania simulator does n't have the `` recover from 2 wars and bombardment from the strongest countries in the world '' campaign . 
  try serbia simulator 2000 . 
  no money , destroyed roads , factories and most of infrastructure . 
  rampant inflation available via dlc . 
  we probably were n't covered in the data . 
  i did a quick calculation and we definitely drink over 2.5 kg, 
  not really , but it goes to show the other side is as equally guilty in the matter . 
  get over with your victim complex, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo check out who started them during the ottomans, 
  would you say you 're an atheist ? 
  oh boy , there are people arguing about that as we speak . 
  hah i was n't sure . 
  when i initially read your post i thought to myself `` that sounds so much like serbian women '' and then i got the idea it might 've been you, 
   i eat them because my wife makes me . 
  wait are n't you the guy whose wife is from serbia ? 
  i am one of those learning german and i do n't . 
  our most popular 2nd foreign language is german , so why not just improve it ? 
  he 's comparing 2004 in which dollar was strong to 2008 in which economic crisis started and hit dollar a lot . 
  there is at least 15-20 % value difference, 
  zerg is one of the least slavic sounding words in this thread probably, 
  condoms are n't a 100 % effective, 
   i 'm honestly surprised estonia receives less per capita than slovenia , considering they 're significantly wealthier . 
  and you recieve more than bulgaria and romania, 
  how familiar are you with inflation ? 
  you clearly do n't realize how much disposable income americans have if you think going to the doctors once or twice yearly is expensive . 
  thats because you never lived in bulgaria , romania , hungary , lithuania etc, 
  ever heard of revolutions ? 
  and germans were told jews were responsible for their troubles . 
  if you think eu holds more power than the usa you are very wrong . 
  same goes for quality of life . 
  so you 're a highschool teacher and you think someone supporting a different political party than you is a dumbass ? 
  what is the point of asking for someone 's age online besides using the info the empower your argument ?
