   is gross . 
  idk what it 's called . 
  zeljanica and it 's pretty good . 
  almost everyone here likes it . 
   does not exist . 
  that is a sirnica . 
  they 're pretty much all terms that refer to one same thing . 
  not denying that , i said `` mostly '' after all . 
  south americans are mostly mestizos , i think . 
  there are probably a dozen of symbolics there i guess, 
  yea but it looks a bit more vikingsishy to me, 
  yugoslav passport used to be among the most valuable world passports during the cold war . 
  probably , yeah, 
  tell that to the guy i was replying to because it disproves his argument , not mine . 
  still my point stands . 
  there was this event called ww2 in which ~ 20 million russians died . 
  maybe you heard of it ? 
  still does n't need `` spell corrector '' ( which sounds weird and uncommon compared to spell checker ) as you suggested . 
  academician is not a term used exclusively for the members of those two academies . 
  and where is the spelling mistake ? 
  if you think there are n't movements like these in the rest of the europe , you 're delusional . 
  their logic : its allowed from us to split from serbia , but no way in hell is it allowed from northern kosovo to split from kosovo, 
  well i obviously have n't been keeping track of the terrorist attacks in europe , but me being unable to provide information does n't mean you 're right . 
  regardless , your calculation is pure speculation . 
  lmao . 
  you realize there are terrorist attacks in europe besides these being reported ? 
  islamists attacks are the only covered ones here . 
  id sure love a source on that, 
  number of terror attacks in europe is also much bigger . 
  pretty sure bataclan alone had more casualties than all of those added up . 
  lol `` mecca and vatican of orthodoy christian '' is definitely untrue . 
  i 've never even heard of this church, 
  sure but lets not be delusional and admit terrorism is a much bigger problem in eu than the us, 
  no hes just trolling, 
  whenever i see an american flair writing something * unusual * i check if it 's him lol, 
   / u/executivemonkey you must be new here, 
  not as much as you 'd think, 
  your first paragraph is literally what ? 
  yugoslavia was more industrious than greece lmao . 
  greece was never industrious and spain wasnt ever as indistrious as western europe , the only comparable is italy . 
  holy shit programmers are underpayed there . 
  try 200-300 in serbia and then complain . 
  they are n't , mean ( arithmetic average ) is a type of an average . 
  actually it does . 
  since lithuania is a coastal country it has far milder winters than the steppe hundreds of km continental russia . 
  so if russia has a higher mean temperature with colder winters it means summers are hotter to compensate . 
  holy hell her ass is flatter than her chest . 
  not really . 
  women are i suppose as hot as in neighborhood countries , this board just circlejerks it because estonia has the highest models per capita number . 
  one of the reasons the irish are in my top 5 favorite people in europe . 
  we even were the ones that hosted this eurovision , i shouldve gone ;(, 
  obviously ? 
  you didnt fight foe shit why would we give you your independence for nothing, 
  cool, 
  i mean they would n't even have a country if it were n't for the berlin congress . 
  while every other nation fought for independence from the ottomans they just chilled there and did nothing until serbia , montenegro and greece freed albania . 
  inb4 downvotes , but idc because it 's [ true ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_balkan_war ), 
  also reading macedonians swear and rage in the comments is funny as hell . 
  from my perspective it looks like children typing due to lack of cases and how some words sound . 
  i guess zaev will agree to anything for the coalition . 
  having other country 's anthem sang at your parliament makes 0 sense . 
  i do n't give a shit , it 's still a serious thing to say . 
  `` i 'm at your house holding your daughter at a gunpoint '' you rush to your house only to see your neighbor chilling in your yard and says `` oh i was jk i just needed you to hurry up from work so i can borrow i screwdriver '' . 
  maybe i do n't visit enough edgy threads , but i always thought nicole was alright, 
  but i dont think serbia is a shithole either . 
  serbs who like turkish music ? 
  literally what ? 
  montenegro is 10 years ahead of albania in the eu integration . 
   just take a look in your local hospital or university : all relevant/leadership positions are male dominated , especially in life sciences , medicine http://bg.ac.rs/en/university/management.php http://www.uns.ac.rs/index.php/en/university/structure/rector-vice-rectors 50 % women . 
  why are there less men in the medical field ? 
  i do n't see estonians on this map ? 
   her nickname is not ` crazy nicole ' for nothing wat . 
  that 's a thing ? 
  where ? 
  lol, 
   that 's nonsense . 
  women are literally physically weaker , they ca n't do these jobs as well as men can , why would you even hire someone for equal pay if the same person ca n't do the job equally well ? 
   and now imagine if road construction jobs payed x10 times the average wage . 
  there would be a quota , obviously . 
   why are things women are usually more interested in less well paid and socially prestigious ? 
  being a lawyer , any kind of a doctor , economist are badly payed and not prestigious nowadays ? 
  let 's dig 1 level deeper : how many women do you know working as a plumber , carpenter , garbageman , delivery boy , miners , butchers , in construction , lumberjack , truck drivers , taxi drivers etc. 
  well i guess . 
  but to be fair ratio of female students nowadays is high ( around 40 % in my year ) so i do n't think the women at our department were employed just because of the gender . 
  i can if i open the link and zoom in . 
  but considering a big amount of users use hoverzoom it makes it troublesome, 
   have you ever looked at a computer science university department ( seriously ) and observed the ratio of male to female for professors , lecturers , phd students and other employees that are not secretaries  some 4/5 if not the whole team is male almost half of our comp sci department are women . 
  because that 's exactly what it is . 
  you managed to make a shitty type of content more shitty by using a barely readable font . 
  same . 
  hopefully this gets classified as shitposting soon . 
  in the last half a year he 's been here , on every thread mentioning serbia , he 's there . 
  do n't mind him . 
  he 's notorious on this board for anti serb comments . 
  it 's literally half of his posting history . 
  more like survive, 
  maybe you should . 
  my father is colorblind and he sees this as green . 
  i can see the green a bit but it 's definitely more blue . 
  so you 're either a little colorblind or have your monitor settings set up badly .
