  but if the show is close to truth , then they seem to be a bit similar to us . 
  thanks . 
  on a related note ; i met a greek couple 2 hours ago in the centre of belgrade and spoke to them . 
  they love the city , the food and people . 
  they said out of all european countries they visited , serbia feels the most similar to home . 
  also , they like our gyros ( it 's made by greek people living here though , but one day we shall perfect it ) !!!, 
  \u2665 to greece, 
  our debt is too low for southern europe :( jkjk pls dont kill me, 
  sorry kom\u0161 , but watching rocky mountains from the beach is my cup o ' tea . 
  though i admit i 've only seen croatian coastline on pictures . 
  montenegro is actually still a hidden gem of beauty in europe . 
  2 weeks in montenegro and you could basically see everything : 2.5 k meter mountains and glacier lakes , rafting rivers , old growth forest , prettiest coast in adriatic sea , middle ages cities , fortresses , the sea clashing mountains ( as seen in the picture ) etc etc. 
  ( i still have n't explored it whole ), 
  clearly a fake ; no bunkers and/or mercedes ' in the background :o, 
  and that 's really sad imo . 
  nationality should n't be tied to your ancestors , but rather to your culture , language you speak and how you view yourself . 
  morrocan people that have been born in the nl , lived there for their whole life , speak dutch as their first language , practice the national traditions , holidays , eat national dishes etc etc , are in my opinion `` more '' dutch and closer related to other dutch people than dutch nationals born in say the usa . 
   and who cares about referendums the people who live at the said territory for starters . 
  would you like if say you live in vojvodina and it was decided it should be given to hungary ? 
  without a referendum ? 
  true , but i still think the usa gives much better chance of success to the minorities compared to europe . 
   it is a lovely , magical place where politicians are allowed to yell racial slurs at minorities walking through central stockholm and there are no repercussions . 
  despite this being filmed , apparently the definition of hate speech does not violate hate speech laws . 
  anyone got source of this ? 
  because by your `` impeccable '' logic half of the world countries have justified claims for regions of their neighbors . 
  hungary would claim vojvodina , greece would claim western turkish shore , slovenia would claim trieste , rep of ireland would claim n. ireland , etc etc. 
  and all of those have 1 thing in common with `` russian claim of alaska '' - the referendum would never pass . 
  you just summed up most of europe in one post . 
  dont be ridiculous, 
  so you 're implying that using obvious skin color difference as an analogy is itself racist ? 
  i 'm not actually lol . 
  i just do n't understand what 's wrong with using race for an analogy ? 
  and neither are letters a binary umlaut or not thing . 
  your point ? 
  why not ? 
  its a good analogy, 
  have you bothered to read the wiki ? 
   ferdinand was baptised on 6 september 1998 in zagreb by cardinal franjo kuhari\u0107 , and was also given the traditional croatian name zvonimir ( after king zvonimir of croatia from the 11th century ) . 
  biggest enemy ??? 
  do you even balkan history ? 
  serbians actually lived in austria in order to escape the turks aka the biggest serbia 's enemy . 
  wanted all of their south slavic lands and started a war because of it ? 
  serbia was in the balkan wars 2 years prior to ww1 , so no fucking sane person would start another one after most of the soldiers died 2 years ago . 
  so yeah , i am telling you that a war damaged 20 times less populated country did not want war . 
  your knowledge of this subject is lacking, 
  serbia wanted to start a war even thought it was in another one 2 years ago ? 
  yea very fucking logical, 
  princip was a bosnian of serb nationality . 
  and lets be real , austrians only used the attack to start the war . 
  if a dutch national from belgium now killed angela merkel would you find it justifiable if germany attacked the netherlands for it ? 
  judging by haplogroups , brits are most similar to the french genetically, 
  actually `` kebab '' thing is basically a meme made on the internet . 
  if you said `` kebab removal '' to any serbian that does n't hang out on reddit/4chan he would n't have idea what you 're talking about . 
  a bit surprised with italy, 
  ** very ** similar grammar , pronunciation and vocabulary between english and dutch and dutch and german certainly helps . 
  for snatching the money off of other member 's tax revenues , yes, 
  but we have its recognition, 
  i 'm sorry but balkan states are neither accumulating debt or are in eurozone , we live with what we make , so fuck you for categorically putting balkan when speaking about something bad . 
  heck , balkan 's debt is even lower than a lot of `` cool '' european countries, 
  szczy stuff is usually pronounced as one or two sounds so talking polish is n't as hard as it may look judging by the spelling system . 
  if you 're interesting in learning to read a slavic language , you should try serbo-croatian as it has the best and the easiest spelling system of all the slavic language . 
  basically in * almost * every word there are the same number of letters as there are sounds when it 's said . 
  every letter and every combination of letters can only be pronounced the same way . 
  you only need to learn how each letter is pronounced and then just patch them up into one word . 
  after you learn that you 'll be able to spell and read almost every word of the language . 
  actually that 's not true . 
  western slavic languages ( polish , czech , slovakian ) are more similar to serbo-croatian than eastern slavic languages ( ukrainian , russian ) as serbo - croatian is influenced by german as well , but your average speaker does n't realize that . 
  eastern slavic languages retain much more old slavic words as roots , while western and southern were influenced by magyar , german and a bit by french and italian . 
   now i 'm not sure this analogy is correct but learning russian as serbian speaker is like italian learning latin , it 's so similar a more correct analogy would be it 's like a romanian learning italian . 
  the language shares the same root of latin ( old slavic , in our case ) but was influenced by surrounding languages . 
  learning slovak would be significantly easier for serbo-croatian than learning russian , considering more similar accents and vocabulary . 
  sorry for a long and messy post , it 's not often that i 'm knowledgeable about cultural topics here . 
  not implying something , but just because an economy is `` large '' does n't mean it 's stable . 
  russia is still one of the largest economies of europe for reference , and they 're fucked . 
  i hate that too . 
  bosnia was a `` brother nation '' to serbia through out the history before it got turkified . 
  we even fought together and died together in many battles against turks , one of which is the [ battle of kosovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kosovo ) which is considered to be one of the most important events of serbian history . 
  and now dying for one anothers like 600years ago , we 've killed one another 25 years ago . 
  the present is really sad . 
  i think estonian circle jerk is way too fucking strong on this board and it needs to stop . 
  i like estonia though , but seriously , it 's surely not better than the nordic countries or western european ones , so i do n't get the amount of circle jerk  inb4 getting successful in 25 years i get that , it 's nice , but still not as nearly as the `` rich '' countries of europe, 
  woah , slow down there cowboy  fulfill nato obligations you realize serbia is not joining the nato any time soon , right ? 
  estonian circle jerk makes me wan na vomit sometimes . 
  i get that it 's a nice country but seriously stop shoving it in our ears, 
  well you do have a lot of unused bunkers ... 
  and the french are usa 's . 
  i guess everyone is europe licks someone 's boots , 
  people serioisly overestimate our hatred of albanians, 
  all of you idiots who think they are experts in balkan politics , yet do n't know 1 % of it , should be beaten with a stick . 
  oops , accidentaly wrote 5, 
  i never understood why arent there 1 , 2 and 5 euro notes, 
   clan-dominated montenegro are you seriously this stupid ? 
  not according to this http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/countries/check-current-status/index_en.htm, 
  serbia and montenegro are already negotiating . 
  just wondering , which part of serbia do you live in ? 
  but it 's not culture you 're refering to , it 's mentality i would say . 
  greeks are trying to imitate ... french culture ? 
  that 's her husbands surname . 
  dude there is no such term , give up . 
  he ca n't make up a term just because you can not accept that there is none .
