  more slavic speakers use cyrillic than latin tho, 
  greek speakers were very concentrated while slavs inhabitated 1/3 of europe, 
  its actually , i think , the least based on slavic . 
  you would maybe do better with german due to your english knowledge , not because romanian has more german loan words than slavic . 
  and you lack 2 periods instead of comas . 
  if you 're exclusively into 65 year olds, 
  serbia 's renewable sources for electricity are at about 36 % and we have cheap electricity too . 
  among the cheapest in europe, 
   also germany is not the most import reliant country so they could take smaller hits . 
  or , they could you know , make a common currency with their main export partners that prevents rise of their prices and prevents them from getting a weak currency for importing . 
  devaluing dm would drastically increase import expenses , not from european countries only , but from the us , china , russia , etc. 
  / u/zamzam73 is correct , you just dont understand inflation/deflation in trade . 
  ill try to simplify : lets say every country gets its currency , germany gets deutschemark ( dm ) . 
  so , germany keeps exporting as much as they do , everyone buys their products and pays in dm . 
  dm starts being more expensive relative to other currencies due to high demand . 
  german products now experience lower exports because they cant be as competitive with higher prices ( caused by dm 's value going up ) . 
  a lot of jobs are lost in germany , and some companies are forced to close . 
  thanlfully , in reality , they use euro , whose value is determined by a lot of countries ' exports . 
  now germans can export a lot without worrying euro will jump because there are a lot of other countries using it . 
  im more into civ tho i dont really mind the posts but i thought it was more suitable for meta , to reduce traffic on the front page . 
  the dumb part is a lot of posts who are deemed as `` not relevant enough '' get removed on daily basis , while this is a sticky relevant to what , 15 people ? 
  dumbest logic ever . 
  its only relevance to europe is that players happen to browse a subreddit dedicated to europe . 
  its not a subreddit activity like amas as its only organized on the sub . 
  amas are organized here and are realized on the sub , with users participating here . 
  can i organize a football match in belgrade through here and get a sticky afterwards ? 
  shouldnt these posts go to europemeta sub ? 
  its not really relevant to 99.99 % of users ? 
  should 've won . 
  portugals song is bland and boring, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vampire#etymology https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/petar_blagojevich https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arnold_paole, 
  [ my all time favorite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdw27j_usp0 ), 
  real estate value in the eastern europe is multiple times lower though . 
  and ownership rates are most definitely not 90 % . 
  not even 90 % families have a home , let alone 90 % people . 
  i 'm not freaking talking about number of people that support her . 
  i 'm talking about eligible votes votes . 
  that 's the only thing that matters in an election . 
  so , marine le pen received 35 % of the eligible votes in the 2nd round of the french 2017 presidential elections . 
  i 've been found out . 
  you are n't through you 're just nitpicking something that is formulated correctly , but you misunderstand it . 
  i said out of the 75 % turnout , they had 11 % blank votes and since blank votes are n't counted it 's * obvious * 66 % macron and 34 % le pen of the remaining votes . 
  and how did you manage to miss the `` out of the 75 % turnout '' part of my post ? 
  not sure how you managed to find those numbers considering i read the data in my post from the same link . 
  and if you look at the big ass table at the beginning of the page you 'd read the same numbers as i posted . 
  this is n't a logical matter , it 's an accounting matter . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm just simplifying what / u/clerk77 meant, 
  exactly . 
  he 's like that kid who gets an f and says to his mother `` but my best friend got an f too , so it 's okay '' . 
  22 % was in the 1st round . 
  34 % in the 2nd . 
  11 % of the votes in the 2nd round were blank . 
  out of the 75 % turnout . 
  i do n't know where you got your facts , but they seem to be wrong . 
  i quoted qurac to explain / u/springinslicht 's argument . 
  if you were n't as busy playing the victim , you maybe would 've understood the context of my post , but i guess drawing parallels to imply christians are as bad as muslims was more important . 
  well obviously but that does n't really play a factor in the statistic of the post, 
  all of those had been a thing long before the us was discovered , let alone conceived . 
  your argument is dumb . 
  we argue how it 's ironic for gays to support refugees and you pop up with `` but christians are the same '' . 
  you are not wrong , but you 're disconnected . 
  if there was a trial on hitler , and you were his lawyer , applying this logic your defence would be `` my client is n't that bad , see musolini did the same '' ? 
  yes . 
  but the word itself directly originates from serbian , and the legend was popularized in serbia from the first `` documentation of vampires '' in kisiljevo . 
  funny how you imply that 5 days after le pen receiving 35 % support in a 66 million country . 
  so if you make volkswagens in germany and export them through rotterdam to spain it would be ( assuming he 's correct ) counted as `` exports '' in the netherlands , even though the goods only passed through there . 
  analogy : pizza boy `` exports '' hundreds of pizzas , despite making none of them . 
  the pizzeria still is the one who profits, 
  some people here believe in free speech only as long as it fits their own narrative . 
   as the america gave a lot of inspiration to europe such as ? 
  not trying to be snarky , legitimately asking . 
  i do n't understand what does that have to do with anything ? 
   oh well russians will find something else soon enough existence of far right europeans never crossed your mind , huh ? 
  check 4chan . org/pol / or stormfront , european flairs are the solid majority . 
  do n't be ignorant and say `` must be the russians '' for every brigade . 
  rather , you are a transgressing people . '', 
  besides our national cuisine , popular ones are : austrian ( so popular that a lot of people do n't even know a bunch of dishes we make is actually austrian ) , italian , american , greek and chinese . 
  arabic ( middle eastern ) and japanese cuisines are gaining traction as of recently too . 
  well , the eu pretty much openly supported the candidate that was n't advocating france leaving the eu, 
  euro is n't necessarily tied to the eu . 
  there are other countries in the eu that do n't use it such as denmark , sweden , czech republic , hungary , bulgaria , romania , croatia . 
  technically all are obligated to join , but some of before mentioned still refuse to . 
  he is referring to the possible outcome of brexit in which germany and france will/could gain absolute power in the eu without the uk to counter balance it . 
  the vampire legend and word originate from serbia, 
  2010 was also a good year . 
  moldova , turkey , romania , france etc were quite good imo, 
  a really nice biscuit . 
  i dont want nothing you to do . 
  im just linking the reason for the abnormal growth . 
  yup . 
  wouldnt say your growth will collapse but it will drop significantly, 
  did you not read the first paragraph or just did n't understand it ? 
   the strategy has ceased to be available since 1 january 2015 , though those already engaging in the arrangement have until 2020 to find another arrangement, 
  berlin , for example, 
  latex if my memory serves me right ? 
  how about burek with hazelnut creme and plazma ? 
   is redundant . 
  burek has beef inside there are multiple variations . 
  beef , pork , mixture ( usually the best ) .
