  if you 've not noticed by now they like you as much as you support their independence . 
  the usa is for a reason their , by far , favorite country after albania . 
  you got it wrong, 
  well , he 's khooler than you , so that 's a start, 
  feelsbad p.s. 
  you 'll change your mind once you realize how stubborn people there are lol, 
  high majority of people there speak russian , and since this is a language map ... 
   note that the colours represent etymological relations among the translations of the word `` year '' and do not necessarily correspond to language families . 
  for example , even though polish and russian are both slavic languages , the colours for them are different because the corresponding translations of the word `` year '' are not based on the same root . 
  god forbid you opened the link and read . 
  or even logically deduce from the fact polish and russian are differently colored that the colors represent common root of the word `` year '' and not the language families . 
  i disagree . 
  montenegro is far more culturally influenced by serbia than croatia and being in nato is n't gon na change that . 
  i 'm curious , what did you study about it ? 
   we still need a slovakia for bosnia . 
  oh , so that 's why people here love slovaks more, 
  it ca n't be our slovakia if we do n't recognize it as a country . 
  and even if we did , montenegro would still take the spot lol, 
  holy fuck , people abroad actually have seen that movie ? 
  what are you sorry for ? 
  edit : i like how i 'm being downvoted for asking a legitimate question . 
  i guess people on this sub are imbeciles after all, 
  does n't change things he ^ he ^ he, 
  what about it lol, 
  nono , montenegro is our slovakia, 
  the hate in balkan did not start during the 1990s war . 
  the war was the result of the hate , not the cause . 
  people dont fight over ethnicities , ethnicities have different ideologies , etc which lead to war . 
  happens everywhere in the world, 
  considering how many ethnicities are here , its not surprising . 
  but guns are not chicken to have more than 10 , or actually even more than 1-2 for that matter . 
  lol, 
  agree . 
  even if the numbers are correct and even if we are the 2nd highest gun per capita country it does n't matter , there has n't been mass shootings and no big problems came out of the guns like in the us , middle east or latin america . 
  and a lot are giving their guns back nowadays due to high taxation of it, 
  then is the us flying simulator 2015 ? 
  that wiki article has to be incorrect . 
  75 guns per 100 people in serbia seems bullshit . 
  i know only of couple people who own a gun, 
  because of the numerous african and pacific island nations we are n't gon na visit anyway . 
  that index goes by number of countries you can visit visa - free . 
  when are you going to visit tuvalu , svaziland , equatorial guinea or similar ? 
  serbia and san marino are actually the only european countries with whose passports you can travel to china visa free . 
  it 's killing me now to find out who you are lol, 
  does n't surprise me . 
  the biggest market for electric cars is california, 
  i agree, 
  yes . 
  a lot more . 
  and those who havent left reduced their posting a lot . 
  in europe iphones are more expensive than androids . 
  you can find both an iphone and an android for 400 + euro , sure , but you can only find an android for 200 for example . 
  so people who dont care about having a high end phone usually go for an android . 
  also taking the high end phones ( at least in my country ) off contract is so uneconomic . 
  you might as well buy it for cash and take a 50 % off contract . 
  im just saying the communist built part of town is good for business here , so if you cant talk objectively about stuff without getting your butthurt over ussr past in the way , do not reply anymore . 
  communist blocks are ugly , but they have wide streets with a lot of parking space . 
  period . 
  jesus christ , i have n't killed your family why are you so hostile . 
  we have one part of the city which is built during the commie times and it 's the biggest it , commercial and business center in the country . 
  hungary has never been more developed than austria from what i know . 
  i 'm not denying communism did damage , i 'm saying communism is n't the sole reason ee was always behind we http://encyclopedia.1914-1918-online.net/article/war_finance_austria-hungary, 
  having 10 times more gdp does n't mean you live 10 times better as you implied . 
  you can ship stuff from germany too ? 
  transportation costs , obviously . 
  how would you transport 5000 cars from portugal to switzerland for example ? 
  rail it 2000 km ? 
  or sweden , norway , netherlands , germany , finland , poland , russia ? 
  ferry it for 3000-6000 km for a month ? 
  instead they can build a factory in germany , to which the most populous and richest countries are very close . 
  take a map and look how far portugal ** actually ** is from the most inhabited and richest part of europe . 
  germany , netherlands , france , belgium , czech republic , northern italy , denmark, 
  oh right, 
  `` montenegrin language '' is a joke . 
  it 's not even a majority language in montenegro . 
   they 're more like , say , english and russian they 're absolutely not . 
  especially grammarwise . 
  still it wo n't because they 'll choose whichever is the best for them and i do n't think portugal is . 
  serbia 's is 31 % . 
  27 % from hydro , 4 % other sources . 
  comparing gdps like that does n't work . 
  serbs like croatian women . 
  it sometimes drives our women crazy because they 're just as beautiful , but they lack that [ `` forbidden love '' factor ] ( http://images2.kurir.rs/slika-724x489/srbin-hrvatica-mostar-ljubio-poljupci-1362870328-279877.jpg ) :d, 
   the main reason eastern europe isnt as wealthy as western europe is because of the failed communist central planning policies of the ussr do n't kid yourself . 
  ee always lagged behind , communism or no communism, 
  you may say whatever you want about communistic block infrastructure , but it 's very good functioning for business, 
  gulags all over again, 
  yea i understand , it was also a bit insensitive from my side to compare the sub now to 2-3 years ago . 
  i only now realized this sub has 1.1 mil subs . 
  i still associate the size of the sub with what it used to be - 200 000ish subs . 
  some people here constantly push propaganda which is made worse by the fact they often lie , twist information and generally have 0 decency while doing it . 
  idk if the userbase got worse over the years or mods dont moderate as wellas they used to, 
  i was joking abit because a lot of balkan houses used to own a similar carpet, 
  dat carpet . 
  do you have balkan blood ? 
  i 'm amazed at how certain users relentlessly shitpost against serbia on this sub : ^ ), 
  yeah you 're right . 
  i deleted my comment seconds before you replied btw, 
  most of the far east population lives on the southern border , i think . 
  so it makes it a bit easier,
