  i said his nationality was austro - hungarian . 
   nationality is the legal relationship between a person and a state since he was born in it , he was an ah national , with ah passport and citizenship . 
  dunno why you brought the ethnicity into the conversation though we 're not discussing about his right now . 
  ethnicity and nationality are different things . 
  stvarno cirkus od linka, 
  spanish people , for sure . 
  closely followed by the french, 
  here it 's as in english ( eych en em ), 
  get it ? 
  does n't change the fact his nationality was austro - hungarian . 
  hah , i know . 
  i think even i at some point a year or two ago argued with him about some aspect of it, 
  heh more like traditional , 
  on topic of wiki i always wondered why does serbocroatian one exist, 
  mustve been changed recently then . 
  still it 's the only one saying he 's croatian too . 
  croatia was not a country back then so it makes 0 sense stating his nationality was one that didnt exist at the time, 
   as i 've argued with a particular estonian a couple of times now lmao got ta be / u/h2ppyme, 
  not my native , but the croatian wikipedia is the only one calling nikola tesla a croat, 
  normalno . 
  postoji written intelligibility i spoken . 
  njihov written je dosta visi nego spoken, 
  za topic si u pravu , al generalno znanje 0, 
  even in the rare cases i could pick serbian i stick with english . 
  same goes for phone language , windows is in english , watching media in english without the subtitles browsing in english etc, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e7wubj4mvu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhpfrfhuiq8, 
  yes, 
  something that could be average or good but surely not bad, 
  who mentioned high level of life ? 
  low gdp doesnt necessarily relate to bad life . 
  all of them, 
  what `` other moons '' ? 
  the moon is one - and it 's the satellite that orbits the earth . 
  the satellites that orbit other planets have different names . 
  bodies orbiting jupiter , for example , are n't `` moons '' , they 're satellites . 
  atlantis would be great imo, 
  could be . 
  it 's not really a myth that anyone believes it 's more of a stereotype used only in jokes, 
  there is that you 're gays, 
  czech rep is only slightly bigger than serbia lol, 
  dunno what you mean , but he has edited his post after mine . 
  when i posted it only contained the link . 
  is that something like gossip girl ? 
  / r / ** ask ** europe, 
  that 's very pointless imo, 
  not only that it 's weird , it 's also becoming a cliche, 
  i find the irish people to be nicer people , in terms of arrogance and politeness, 
  i dont think the number of people having aids in german is that high . 
  4 times of a really low percentile is still a rather low percentile, 
   the bad relation to croatia is because of the croatian independence war , try ww2 . 
  most of your post is a joke anyway, 
  because it 's not ? 
  we 're in good relations with mne , hun , bul , rom , mkd oh and here 's something for you , op : https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/loaded-question, 
  the construction is under way, 
  yes . 
  it was anounced in 2015 , starter building autumn 2016 . 
  i know the feel . 
  once you go competitive you never come back, 
  ets actually is a chill game , too bad i do n't have the patience haha, 
  [ this is being built in belgrade ] ( http://www.elgreco.rs/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/beograd-na-vodi.jpg ), 
  norway croatia turkey, 
  buses , trams and trolleybuses, 
  what ? 
  you ca n't change your name just because ? 
  here you can do it for any reason i think, 
  that 's because russian authors from the time were , undeniably , the best . 
  specifically novelists . 
  the same way you probably know more american movies than german ones . 
  then why do you ask why people like russian culture ? 
  i personally am not a fan but i can see the appeal . 
  then again , ive had similar experience with the french and spanish too, 
  havent you read any russian literature ? 
  or listened to russian composers ? 
  also russian is prettier than polish, 
  at least 500 $ imo . 
  beware of cafes in paris monaco they can be very expensive . 
  also could you link me the tour programme ? 
  i 'm really interested how it looks like, 
  i know all the states but i do n't know any state specific stereotypes . 
  i have the ones regarding the south/bible belt , new england and mid-west, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.belgradewaterfront.com/en/ ) will probably be , currently its dedinje - for belgrade . 
  outside of belgrade we have zlatibor where the prices are going rampant for a while, 
  lot 's of people in america that have 6 figure wages could afford this place but they 're not considered really millionaires , as americans buy property with loans , so they would n't need to accumulate over a million dollars, 
  badly , but not as badly as hitler, 
  prague and budapest one . 
  mediterreanian cities are depressing during the winter . 
  they are built to house the summer population which is 2-6 times higher so during the winter they look like ghost towns . 
  before someone says `` who cares the architecture is still there '' sure , but visiting city is much better when it 's vibrant and full of people . 
  also february is quite rainy and cloudy on mediterranean source : been there , done that, 
  is it and people like him were saying the same thing 30 years ago when it started being popular, 
  dunno if you misunderstood me . 
  pointing at something is rude in general , but even more so pointing at a person, 
  rafting , hiking , swimming and fishing in montenegro . 
  everything is close, 
  not very familiar with eu 's single market laws , but i am familiar with competition . 
  imagine : you and i are selling vegetables on my uncle john 's market . 
  we have similar prices and our market share ( heh ) is about the same . 
  one day my uncle john comes and tells me i do n't need to pay the booth rent for 3 years . 
  so what do i do ? 
  i lower my prices to drastically ( since my costs lowered i can lower my income without lowing my profit ) and i knock you out of the market because everyone will be buying my 1 $ / kg bannanas instead of your 1.5 $ bananas .
