  well from our side we have no issue at all with you or hungarians living in vojvodina . 
  there has n't been a single incident regarding ethnic tensions over there that i 've heard of so that 's a really good thing considering there are 200 000 - 300 000 hungarians living in vojvodina . 
  of course some people have grudges over world wars , but it 's nothing too serious , really . 
  also l2p water polo , 
  damn you 're on edge, 
  well , i consider a few countries from the former soviet block to be more western than portugal , so there ca n't be really a true map in this regard . 
   we 're unique in many ways yup , you 're the dullest people in europe, 
  that 's 1 among very few lost games in the past years . 
  there can never be a ` just ' formula . 
  depending on the formula it will always favor a certain ratio of medals and population , be it a higher relative number of medals , or a higher relative number of population . 
  serbia , another landlocked country , is the best in water polo for about 10 years now . 
  her choices of partners which are based on her sexual orientation . 
  nothing wrong with that sentance , really . 
  she 's a minister of public administration and local self-government . 
  they are ? 
  oh nvm i thought i was in a different thread, 
  and hungary, 
  why are you bringing serbia into this ? 
  thank you for your well constructed thesis which ties language pronunciation of a single individual to the sexual orientation of his whole nation . 
  montenegro : 4 brothers in the family - 2 of them consider themselves to be serbs and 2 montenegrins . 
  you mean like that ? 
  yes . 
  still doesnt change the fact you made 3 claims in this thread without being certain about them, 
  you love making ignorant claims dont you ? 
  lol, 
  dunno where did you go but i think our nightlife is pretty good . 
  that did n't / would n't decrease albanian separatism . 
  researches themselves are n't factual . 
  speed of light is factual . 
  speed of sound is factual . 
  2 +1 = 3 is factual . 
  the netherlands having something over 17m population is factual . 
  a 44 factors researching indicating something ca n't be factual - only loosely approximate . 
  that 's why i said `` i heard stories '' i did n't claim it to be true . 
  those 5 points to the research being faulty are part of my opinion with which you can agree or not . 
  my opinion is not factual , but neither is this research . 
  nothing does . 
  but how many people have you heard saying italy is `` worse off '' than poland ? 
  if you think `` well conducted research '' has never been wrong , you 're delusional . 
  since you think this is only about economic growth i can tell you have n't even read what the list takes into account . 
  since you have n't i 'll copy it for you . 
   indicators measure , among others , the rate of unemployment , inflation , prevalence of diseases , life expectancy , quality and accessibility of education , quality of infrastructure , state of the environment , control of corruption , press freedom , and much more . 
  1 . there is no way montenegro is 2nd worst in europe . 
  i spend quite some time there and i 'd rather live in it than in greece for example . 
  i mean it 's under bosnia and moldova with twice the pay . 
  2 . belarus being on par with croatia is weird . 
  3 . slovakia 's number is suspiciously low ( not that i 've ever been there though , but i 've heard stories that it 's a better place to live than hungary ) 4 . italy 's number - seriously ? 
  i get the `` south blah blah '' stories , but italian north is the industrial core of europe . 
  and it contains most of the population . 
  i 'm sure higher ranked countries have comparable parts to italian south yet are n't dragged down as much . 
  5 . balkan countries are kinda too far from hungary even though the difference is n't as big . 
  there has to be a factor that distorts the statistic greatly for some countries . 
  here 's a very hypothetical question for you , as i 'm not from the eu and ca n't answer yours . 
  if say serbia entered the eu and macedonians would get a referendum to unify with either serbia or bulgaria , which do you think would get chosen ? 
  not trying to spark anything , just curious . 
  ex yu republics are n't gon na join all at the same time . 
  there will be either 2 or 3 expansions covering it . 
   demographically you might be taken over by ethnic albanians soon ( future ethnic conflict/seperatism ? ), 
  that 's already happening in the western part . 
  there were some unrests over it during the 21st century . 
  there is actually a slight increase of them in belgrade . 
  i ca n't be certain they 're chinese though , but big groups with big ass cameras taking photos of everything implies it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the problem is neither will leave us alone until we align . 
  it 's alright as i do n't know for certain either . 
  i just read wikipedia page which can be incorrect as well . 
  i just checked and wiki says his mother was voislava from serbia lol . 
  nothing about italian heritage, 
  half breed ? 
  they didnt put montenegro because they 're keeping the dutch tallest men meme, 
  since there is no montenegro in the list , maybe . 
  check montenegro 's . 
  let me slide this x amount gram of gold worth 100 euro to skip the line . 
  your swimmers arent foreign to doping either . 
  that 's becuase the map is not correct/detailed enough . 
  source : spent a lot of time in montenegrin mountains, 
  hungary has already shown it does n't give a fuck about being portrayed as the `` bad guys '' so i do n't know what are they trying to achieve there . 
  yeah , got ta slay those kids who wander carelessly while having fun and are n't able to detect the land mines buried under the ground which could n't even be removed by explosive removing teams . 
  i get that you 're trying to make a joke , but it 's neither appropriate or even justifiable . 
  well it is our [ specialty ] ( http://m.novosti.rs/upload/images/2014//13/05n/trpeza/shutterstock_135447194.jpg ), 
  actually , slovenia is . 
  then how come there are n't as many shootings in the eastern europe even though `` it has more guns '' ? 
  too bad you ca n't understand it : / it gets a lot better . 
  anyway , no problem . 
  if you have any further questions ask me in a private message whenever . 
  i 've been living in belgrade my whole life so i may be of help . 
  i know what most of the posters think of it , but serbian turbo folk has changed and most of the people listen to it now . 
  some people will probably diss me for saying it , but i think turbo folk is the best music to party to . 
  well clubs have thematic music and they 're actually themselves somewhat thematic . 
  some nights there is rnb , electro , pop , rock , depends . 
  if you 're worrying the dj will suddenly play serbian music , do n't . 
  clubs here do n't mix up music much . 
  check their facebook pages or sites they usually post what type of music will be played during the night . 
  some famous ones are `` freestyler '' which has electro music , `` cinema '' which is mostly rnb and hip hop , `` kafana na vodi '' which is mostly playing serbian music , `` plastic '' again electro etc. 
  this will help greatly - http://www.gdeizaci.com/en/ http://www.beogradnocu.com/en/, 
  im sorry , but your post is simply not true, 
  how would you know when youre not living here ? 
  + belgrade . 
  i only know 2-3 people of my generation that want to leave . 
  hell , our population even retreated to corfu via albanian 2000 + m mountains during winter when they realized they ca n't keep them out , just for the purpose of fighting again on thesalonikki front .
