  the red on the map is turkmenistan ... 
  i think rosen is germanic , for roses . 
  not that familiar with german and german names though, 
  hebrew , actually . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_mojkovac this one is also an interesting read, 
  what i could recommend would be to go through hungary and serbia and enter mne from the northern side . 
  that way you can visit zabljak , lake biograd , mora\u010da canyon and ostrog monastery and then carry on to the sea side . 
  may seem impossible , but it actually is with some planning as montenegro is a very small country and everything is near . 
  nope, 
  if you were any smart as you think you are , you 'd know european salaries are n't comparable in their raw numbers to american ones due to various reasons . 
   just an intuitive guess , but i think around 25 % of the population in the usa makes $ 100,000 + oh boy ... you have no idea how wrong you are ... 
  holy fuck this is a good description . 
  verka serduchka https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone, 
  * because of poverty *, 
  i wonder how would poland fare with a simlar song named 1939 . 
   lets make a new system that wo n't be politicized  a bad song wins just to poke russians top kek, 
  what do you mean ? 
  scotland would be less liked than serbia ? 
  no way, 
  i said european , not eu . 
  wouldnt your country 's invasion of cyprus and violating the greek air space also be considered agressive towards european countries ? 
  it seems to me people just dont have am opinion about them and/or are neutral towards them, 
  im pretty sure we 'd out rank you . 
  if its any consolation , the serbs think of romanians quite favorably . 
  north korea , officially the democratic people 's republic of korea is by the same logic democratic ? 
  i hate to be that guy , but same goes for republika srpska . 
  i do know what took it to become what it is , but that 's a thing of past . 
  confederation just does n't function well . 
  sadly only 2 of those 3 ( 4 if you count rs ) are in western interest to exist . 
  well i 've told you in the previous why they are n't the same language ... ? 
  since you 're repeatedly mentioning swedish and danish as being the same language , ill fill you in . 
  they do share a considerable vocabulary , though not even close as srb and cro do . 
  but their pronounciation and accenting are very , very different . 
  and their phoenics are quite different as well, 
  okay so serbs are apparently literraly the shortest europeans ? 
  this map is so bullshit, 
  not entirely . 
  german is the most learnt 2nd foreign language so some take it to impeove their grades . 
  language learning has become a big thing here ( at least in the capital and the north ) where a lot of teenagers go to language school in free time to learn an extra language or improve the one they 're currently studying . 
  i myself am also learning german on duolingo with no attention of moving there . 
  who knows . 
  still i said serbia is gon na enter before the others , dunno why are you bringing kosovo up, 
  serbia and montenegro are most likely gon na join before the other balkan countries, 
  bulgarian ones were better if i recall correctly, 
  it was between kotor and lotro . 
  appears the locals were more fond of star wars than lord of the rings, 
  probably not . 
  it just had the least gene diversification as it 's kind of isolated . 
  anyone familiar with genealogy knows the correlation between i2b gene and i2a ( which is dominant in the ex-yu ) countries ? 
  i do n't know shit about gene tree , but i assume having similar names indicate some proximity ? 
  we should unify , protest together , overthrow our politicians , connect subotica and szeged and name it the capital . 
  it looks like his actions were nationalism fueled . 
  he felt that muslims are a threat to norway and did it , just like hitler cleansed jews in germany . 
  a lot of people took the opportunity to shout `` look christian terrorism is a thing too , 77 casualties '' for their own agenda purposes . 
   while imprisoned , breivik has identified himself as a fascist [ 28 ] and a national socialist , [ 29 ] saying he previously exploited counterjihadist rhetoric in order to protect ethno-nationalists . 
  [ 30 ] in 2015 , he said that he has never personally identified as a christian , and called his religion odinism . 
   in letters sent to norwegian newspaper dagen in 2015 , breivik said that he `` is not , and has never been a christian '' , and that he thinks there are few things in the world more `` pathetic '' than `` the jesus-figure and his message '' . 
  [ 29 ] he said he prays and sacrifices to odin , and identifies his religion as odinism . 
  i think his claims to not being christian is more believable to media calling him a christian terrorist . 
  i often see this , yet no one bothers to source it . 
  also , do n't bother if your source counts killings from 20th and 19th century for christian terrorism , because it 's irrelevant to the present . 
  have a blast : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/eg.elc.accs.zs?end=2012&amp;start=1990&amp;view=chart&amp;year_high_desc=false, 
   edit : never mind . 
  it appears that serbia is harboring some deep hatred of gay man and this slogan is used as an insult . 
   wtf serbia ? 
  literally one youtube search was needed . 
  you have internet , which implies you have electricity too . 
  i assume you have santiation and a secure food and drinking water intake . 
  now compare that to african countries . 
  eu really played itself here . 
  people voting against vucic , protesting this week are the most pro-eu people in serbia . 
  support for eu will fall further . 
  our politicians are n't influencing russia to veto though, 
  they 're all using milo djukanovic 's patent though . 
  i dislike vucic as much as the next guy but comparing our regime to the russian one is a bit harsh . 
  this guy knows what 's up, 
  you 're confusing me right now, 
  i do n't really know any serbs living in ireland . 
   do n't worry former yugos love you are n't you the only ones emigrating to ireland tho ? 
  you 're exaggerating a bit now . 
  serbian newspapers report it ( not all , but blic , b92 and n1 at least do ), 
  these protests are n't influenced by romanian ones though . 
  serbs are n't really foreign to protests ( 1990 - 2000 there were dozens of protests ) . 
  glad you liked it , 
  how hard was it to keep a straight face typing that ? 
  agree, 
  yes , `` voters '' . 
  people who are dead and nonexistent probably . 
  the numbers of eligible voters list compared to ( population - underage citizens ) . 
  basically if you subtract the total population with number of names in the list it leaves you with 400k or so population to be under the age of 18 . 
  when you add up the birth rates of the previous 18 years , it does n't amount to 400k but to over a million . 
  but keep in mind the numbers are n't confirmed, 
  it was n't really by a landslide because the opposition mostly shares the voting body . 
  all the votes from jeremic , beli and few others would go to jankovic if there was a 2nd turn . 
   you would hear people dont know the names of the opposition i honestly have n't even heard of 2 names before receiving a ballot . 
  numbers on facebook are circling today , and if they are correct ( they seem to be ) something definitely does n't add up . 
  were n't there 30 - 40 thousand yesterday ? 
  [ in balkans you say ? 
  ] ( http://www.caliper.com/featured-maps/maptitude-brexit-map.jpg ), 
  heh dw about it , its a common misconception,
