  i think montenegro will join before serbia . 
  to be honest in the northern part ( where 2/3 of population lives ) there are n't many people that want to leave or that have left . 
  the emigration to me seems lower than in neighbourhooding countries . 
  idk much about south . 
  the emigration that would happen is imo far lower than people think . 
  and most of the balkans . 
  feel free to post . 
  this sub is n't for europeans to discuss various things , it 's for various people to discuss europe . 
  yeah ... 
  this is gon na be a depressing thread, 
  hard times create strong people . 
  strong people create prosperous times . 
  but can afford an abortion ? 
  they played badly too . 
  though portugal was even worse . 
  or if quality of their football was n't worthy of an european champion . 
  did you not see my flair ? 
  ... okay, 
  i have no reason to be salty , i 'm just objective . 
  i think we 're gon na win france , vs usa it 's gon na be really interesting . 
  though i dont think we can win, 
  lol good luck china . 
  talk about undeserved, 
  yup , in serbia 2nd language ( mostly german ) is mandatory for 8 years , yet people can in 90 % speak only the basics . 
  as long as media is dominated by english there wont be any progress towards learning other langs as ppl simply wont care, 
  serbia and slovenia , serbia and montenegro , serbia and macedonia, 
  to be fair i never understood appeal of vodka either, 
  underrated post, 
  thats a few delusional posters . 
  politicians will always look after their citizen the first , then after the rest . 
  true integration , at america 's level wont be possible for at least 50 years . 
  looks a bit like mereen pyramid , but only slimmer, 
  im sorry , but , `` small radio station '' ? 
  at least google first ... 
  thank god people like you do n't run the eu, 
  well i think plenty of ppl here view turks as arabs rather than white, 
  contrary to popular belief tokyo is a rather `` low '' city, 
  is [ this ] ( http://images3.kurir.rs/slika-900x608/spanski-tramvaj-1356551076-245975.jpg ) the tram model in the picture ? 
   bosnian serbs can study at universities in serbia free of charge , and they usually study technical sciences and medicine as they give the best chance to get a job in eu . 
  a lot of them study economy and law , but they usually stay after the studies . 
  ca n't believe portugal actually advanced the groups ... 
  relevant serbian ` myth ' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_building_of_skadar  the song describes the building of a fortress on the bojana river at skadar by the mrnjav\u010devi\u0107 brothers ( vuka\u0161in , uglje\u0161a and gojko mrnjav\u010devi\u0107 ) . 
  gojko had to wall up his young wife alive within the walls of the fortress as a sacrifice demanded by the mountain vila ( nymph in slavic mythology ) . 
  according to vuk karad\u017ei\u0107 , there was a belief at this time that it was impossible to build a large building without a human sacrifice . 
  vuk claims that people even avoided the building sites because they were afraid their shadow could be walled-up and they could die without it . 
  please , do n't deceive yourself that small non euro countries can influence anything versus germany , france , italy , nl , etc. 
  that 's just a lazy argument . 
  when have you ever heard of bulgaria and romania countering anyone in the euro zone discussions ? 
  they are practically non existent in those . 
  i do n't really care about being ultimately in the eu . 
  i am just arguing with the person above because his points are n't correct at all . 
  and even after i explained how new members would not matter for the eurozone you keep pushing an argument that really makes no sense, 
  euro isnt a problem of the eu , it 's a problem of the eurozone . 
  and more precisely it 's a problem of few endebted countries ( greece , spain , portugal , italy ) , another country not using euro joining would n't bring more instability , rather the reverse , euro would get stronger as exports to the said country would increase , causing euro 's value to increase . 
  so from an economical stand point this argument is worthless . 
  euro is weak as it 's weakest users , count of eu members has absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  migrant crisis , as above has barely anything to do with it as well, 
  he was as it was the only place he could get asylum, 
  lol you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  such as ? 
  not like any of the countries would be ready to join before the uk leaves, 
  i mightve been a bit confused then , it seemed to me you bonded costs with value, 
  well building costs have very little to do with value . 
  if your costs were 3 million , but the highest offer you got was 2 million , that 's the market value of the property , to sell it or not at that price is up to you . 
  to be honest , it does n't matter whether or not we join ( i 'd like to , though ) as long as we implement as many of the eu regulations/laws etc. 
  because they 're better than ours . 
  njuznet is a serbian satirical site , comparable to the onion , if someone is confused . 
  to be honest , while he was a cunt , he did have some really good points in the parliament , and he has done more than quite a bit of the parliament members . 
  then how is it worthy 1.5 million if no one would pay for it ? 
  actually worth is = for how much money can you sell it , that 's the definition of it . 
  depends on what you want to get off with the statistic , really . 
  some people would be interested in seeing what are the rates per capita , and some would be interested to how many eu citizen live outside of their country and how those numbers are split . 
  sure , capita is in most of the cases the most useful , but whole numbers are n't useless always . 
  well , i do n't know how well are you informed about our accession , but every other week croatia/uk/netherlands block or threaten to block the chapters openings, 
  also to add up on this , people never expected of eu to give us money for free , we just expected the accession process to make our country less bureaucratic , corrupt and overall a better functioning state but that seems to be not happening any time soon since turkey seems to be advancing more nowadays in the accession talks than we are . 
  holy fuck portugal . 
  by people 's rants over the immigrants i always thought poles and romanians are immigrating the most but your per capita is really screwed : /, 
  i do n't think our eu accession is going anywhere - whatever we do someone trips us . 
  i 'd rather be told we are n't welcome than have certain eu countries fucking with us while finishing the chapters and in the end some country ( probably netherlands ) will veto the membership . 
  from my experience people have massively lost faith in the eu . 
  10 years ago the eu support was massive , like a stronger support than most of the eu members had , nowadays it 's just meh , whatever . 
  well , yes , but iceland has a really tenacious team , fighting their hardest for the victory that has yet some space to improve . 
  they will become even stronger in the next tournement as their play their best every game so they just need to push the limit and playing versus strong nations has definitely helped them . 
  meanwhile serbian team is consisted of numerous talented players , yet they play like they do n't give a fuck ( because they probably do n't ) so they will never achieve what iceland did . 
  since when is music not an art ? 
  zaza came in at minute 118 though, 
  thanks for the info, 
  srsly?why ? 
   also brutal murders are not that uncommon in serbia they are pretty much around the average , what are you talking about ? 
  they reported on the news that they were told he was mentally unstable . 
  is n't croatia a similar case ? 
  weird , your flag is half way there !, 
  well i think france and germany are kinda conflicted under the table . 
  germany would prefer the uk staying so they can keep exporting their products with easy , on the other hand france seems to be inclined to see the uk out of the union as quickly as possible as it would enable them to become # 2 in the eu with no competition . 
  but that 's just my subjective opinion, 
  agreed . 
  `` bosniak '' nationality is actually newer than serbian/croatian, 
  if you 're willing to get out of the house and work you can make a decent living here . 
  interesting ... i 've never heard of it to be honest, 
  what 's c3 [ 2 ] ?
