this is just retaliation for the volkswagen fraud scheme stop being salty and get over it, 
  that ai n't gon na happen , usa ai n't bureaucrats heaven sorry , but the eu was flawed from the start.don ' t take it too hard, 
  hahahahaahah , kindergarten level joke hahahahaaha, 
  this is just showing how eager is eu to throw another country in the woodchipper . 
  beautiful , pristine lake, 
  beggars ca n't be choosers , idiot, 
  at least we have something to take out of our pockets , not like papers rationed by the commie goverment, 
  shut up yuropoor, 
  das right , we gon na transform rome into africa https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftqbinvzqay, 
  speaking for u.s , i want my marshall plan money back, 
  yeah , just torpedo them stay classy italy, 
  ` survival of the fittest ' does it ring any bell ? 
  i guess they czechs mate them, 
  we gon na throw you into the woodchipper, 
  idiot . 
  if you want to see that shit go to mexico, 
  might as well just shoot them in their back, 
  finally , now tell me how roman concrete is affecting the climate change ? 
  holy shit poland really is a third world country, 
  i 've heard is full or terrones but i dunno, 
  we are gon na teach them a lesson by teaching ourselves a lesson . 
  do n't be spiteful, 
  how ironically that 120 millions people from africa are estimated to speak french alone but you come with mental gymnastics to excuse your bigotry and racism, 
  so are other refugees . i dunno why europeans ca n't see that inb4 le refugees are economic migrants meme, 
  this mentality that caused the brexit is what kept the great britain as a global superpower . 
  so congrats to them, 
  yeah no thanks , it 's a shithole, 
  roll us into a new global government , environmental facism , dictatorship of the car cartel, 
  and i care , why ? 
  most cringe thing that came out from plebbit is boaty mcboatface, 
  it 's a `` sponsored plebbit marxist cultural dilution propaganda through the use of genetic conglomeration '' episode, 
  eu should stop bitching and let them in.become more humanitarian eh ? 
  aka invasion of bulgaria, 
  no , i meant with greek letters, 
  rar-right - archives your other political parties, 
  do you also have this map but with the names in greek ? 
  for your average swede, 
  the french staring frog of indochina, 
  we gon na tax anime and u gon na shut up dwerp, 
  hmm . 
  i like to see europe going back to it 's commie roots !, 
  this is why europe will never have a company similar to apple, 
  endangered as a result of hunting or just nihilistic ? 
  skyscrappers . ? 
  more liek bottomscrapers lmao, 
  if 9.3 % of people are unemployed who the hell is working then ? 
  eu aka nk 2.0 if you catch my drift, 
  dude weed lmao, 
  i would n't allow them to join schengen until they get rid of corruption, 
  ` member ask jeeves ? 
  thanks goodness for idiots from reddit not being in charge . 
  bunch of bigots , i 'm telling ya !, 
  you either get a gun or piss ur pants . 
  rest of europe i 'm looking at you, 
  us sticking their noses everywhere love it !!, 
  i own that hn account, 
  sadly , i have to agree with this.mexican food is on par with spanish one at the food poisoning, 
  the press release is well written . 
  it explains why google is fined in an easy way to understand , covering most aspects ; what is the problematic behavior , why it is considered as problematic , which data lead to this decision , etc , whilst not painting the company in a negative light . 
  opinions on the decision will sure differ among readers , but i think the decision is in place with the majority of eu citizens ' consensus . 
  just fire my neurons up , fam, 
  yeah , i do n't really give a crap about turkey, 
  balkans as always weakest link in the chain, 
  it 's for top gun 2, 
  they did nazi that !, 
  well you are entitled to have your stupid backward country, 
  it 's the global warming, 
  this is just a more point that shows eu should be more strict on who they approve to join the union . 
  projecting much ? 
  is this something that happens yearly ? 
  ( i mean the fire ), 
  eastern europe !! innovation !!, 
  anti-vexxers get a taste of their own medicine, 
  even if the values are immoral or bigoted, 
  it 's a '' / r/europe turns full nazi '' episode, 
  eurovision is a fucking joke !, 
  25 years ? 
  it will disband in 10 years, 
  * freedom * xd . stop making me laff !!, 
  / r/communism salutes you , glorious leader !!!, 
  communism dressed in blue !, 
  why are they holding the flag of netherlands and not the french white flag ? 
  they liberated from themselves !, 
  because they were lied to !, 
  eu trying to ridicule brexit.just like the fox who could n't reach the sore grapes.sad but true, 
  first you get universal basic income and the next thing you know gulags are popping up all over the eu . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u06jlgpmtqs starts playing !, 
  til / r/europe starts crying when someone criticises eu, 
  / r/europe is like like talking to a wall, 
  / r/europe loves to talk crap and to spread fear about brexit.guess this shows y' all not talk out of your ass !!, 
  who are you ? 
  / r/communism internet defense force ? 
  got ta make somehow the working class.the backbone of communism !!, 
  here is a reply to your dumb response pssst nothing personnel kid !, 
  no , we are not !, 
  maybe you should stop drinking so much bleach, 
  i do n't give a crap about what you think . 
  um , soros ? does that ring any bell ? 
  maybe you should stop being so hypocrite, 
  not having the flag on the moon .
