s/he has a wales flair , so yeah . 
  black mirror ? 
   london is a shithole  also i live in yorkshire ... 
  hjongoldrake . . hjon = h , ron = ron hubbard ( the founder of scientology ) goldrake = freemason/nwo code word . 
  `` collect the wealth from those below '' despite your obvious links to the illuminati i agree completely with what you say . 
  i think it has a lot to do with 24 hour news and the internet . 
  news agencies have to throw whatever they have at the screen as soon as they have it , they do n't have the luxury of time anymore . 
  err . . a teenage girl with god himself . 
  who 's that aimed at ? 
  do n't blame bingo . 
  how did you get from his/her islamic paranoia to colonial guilt ? 
  would n't colonial guilt be `` we have to let them in because if what we did to them '', 
  spoken like a true bulgarian . 
  * dude *, 
  yes , in bulgaria is not decades , it 's forever . 
  and i hate bulgaria !, 
  whatever that is . 
  and here is irelands entry to this thread !, 
  as a brit with friends from hong kong . . 
  i 'm saying you are pretty embarrassing . 
  it 's good bro . 
  greece flair ? 
  ahh , it 's alright you do n't have to suck up to the germans , you got the loan , you 're good for another week . 
  it did n't work for germany . 
  i think there 's a bit of money laundering going on . 
  sad world !, 
  my friend . 
  vote yes !, 
  it 's all good !, 
  i 'll look forward to watching it next year, 
  oh yeah it works !, 
  what i 'm saying is the music industry here wo n't go near it . 
  is n't the a rule about being a signed writer ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i know what you are saying , but we have to find someone who has n't been snapped up by the music industry ( so they are already not that good ) in a competition that nation of a million has the same voting power as a nation of 80 million . 
  hey , it 's all good fun and long may it last , it 's just hard to take that serious . 
  who 's entry did they mock ? 
  was n't it a part of the good friday agreement ? 
  albion ( ancient greek : \u1f08\u03bb\u03b2\u03af\u03c9\u03bd ) is the oldest known name of the island of great britain . 
  today , it is still sometimes used poetically to refer to the island . 
  the name for scotland in the celtic languages is related to albion . 
  well , it 's surprising that norway and sweden have been attacked more than spain . 
  so sweden and norway are more likely to be attacked by terrorists than spain ? 
  surprising . 
  canada , nz and oz . . you 're welcome . 
  nah , there is a truth to that . 
  [ britain had a major roll in the defeat of napoleons france ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_waterloo ), 
  one day . . one magical day . . ireland will have a massive cunt you can call a hero . 
  maybe he had a point , but now he lives in russia , he appears every so often online saying how ` watched ' people are , and how the nsa/gchq are laughing at your dick pics.maybe all this is true , but for me he has lost all credibility . 
  is he now a puppet for the russian government ? 
  maybe not , maybe he has a job and pays for his own wifi . 
  whatever the truth is , i do n't trust him or a word he says . 
   ever heard of schengen ? 
  yes , it 's that treaty that the uk did n't sign and is expected to clean up its mess . 
  thing is , if i went to an airport today and tried to get in to france without documentation , i would get turned away . . like everybody else !, 
  thank you for your balanced reply . 
  ( something i lack at this time in the morning ), 
  why did n't you protect your border in the first place ? 
  how many regions of france did they walk through ? 
  we say no and it 's our problem ? 
  ugh , and one * shared * border has shared too much and ca n't deal with it ? 
  there is little problem with uk citizens or french or eu . 
  is that the treaty that was signed saying that refugees sign in the first eu nation they land in ? 
  apply for asylum ? 
  after passing through the hell holes of italy and france ? 
  france signed up for open european borders , the uk did n't and now it 's turned to shit . . it 's our problem ? 
  i ca n't leave the uk and enter france because i do n't have documents , why should someone enter ? 
  your problem is with your borders , not ours . 
  send the rejected back to france ? 
  your problem is with italy and greece.you have an open border with them not the uk . 
  what was the rationale behind allowing the eu to control the border in france ? 
  for northern ireland . 
  that 's . . 
  it funny how quiet the republic of ireland is about northern ireland . . hey !, 
  just ask !, 
  ask !, 
  the football world cup worked ? 
  to be fair . . after he died he was dug up and [ beheaded , and his head was placed on a spike ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliver_cromwell%27s_head ) it was in the 1800 's he was remembered as a hero of democracy . 
   i 've always felt that `` god save the queen '' was weak and too short . 
  that 's because only the first part gets played . 
  i was shocked when i first heard it in full , it builds up . 
  it 's a bit like only playing the first minute of free bird . 
  i 'm still not a huge fan of it , but it is a lot better in full . 
  [ bitter lake ] ( https://youtu.be/nvyewavmdri ) that 's a good documentary about the subject . 
  it 's the school edition so it 's not as artsy as the full version . 
  still good though . 
  glue ? 
  is n't it lego fixings ? 
  ehh . . 
  i 'd rather replace the fuse on the device over the the source . 
  game of groans . 
  please !, 
  we have more than one . 
  i think this vote needed to happen . 
  every society is at best a quiet battleground . 
  it 's not important to them, 
  not that small, 
  yes hobbits live there . 
  i 'm firmly remain , but . . 
  this vote is saying the same , `` you are dead to me '' but the difference is they are already home .
