  it 's quite sad how much europe changed rational thinking for cheap left-wing propaganda . 
   refugees from iraq or afghanistan or syria will not be slowed down by a lack of incentives they will be stopped by fences and boarder controls . 
  you ca n't monitor the greek coastline . 
  but you can stop them on the next boarder . 
  if refugees realize they wont manage to get to europe , the refugee stream will slow down . 
  just to give you a less abstract example : syria , iraq , lebanon , egypt , marocco , lybia have together a population of almost 200 million people . 
  all of them speak arabic , so they could easily claim to be a `` syrian '' . 
  if given the chance to get to germany , france , uk , sweden , netherlands or austria , a significant number of people would take that chance . 
  if you tell them `` if you come to greece we will send you to a european country '' a lot would come to greece in order to be send to western europe . 
  worst case would be you have to go to poland or hungary . 
  but even then they would just go back home . 
  so how would that end in reality : - quota is announced - refugees from greece will be send to european countrys - greece still ca n't protect it 's sea border - another 500.000 will come to greece - greece will be overworked - a new quote is needed for 500.000 people - greece still ca n't protect it 's sea border - another 500.000 will come to greece - greece will be overworked - and so on in the end you would have to take a lot more than 3 million refugees ( 2 million are already here ) . 
  that would lead to a revolting population in eastern europe , a lot of countries wanting to leave the eu and the afd at 30 % . 
  so imo the only solution is : - close the borders - do n't let any refugees to europe ( except greece where you ca n't stop it ) - eliminate every incentive for the refugees to come to greece - build big eu funded refugee camps in greece that are just a safe place to stay , give shelter , food , improvised basic schooling for kids and a basic healthcare . 
  as long as you give refugees incentives to come , they will come . 
  if you openly tell them `` we take all the refugees in greece and distribute them over more or less wealthy countries in europe '' this will sound like an invitation . 
  and more will come to greece . 
  so you need a new quota contingent . 
  and after that 2nd invitation more will come . 
  so you need a new quota contingent ... and so on ... and i can tell you that the middle east and north africa has a lot more people than we can shelter ... 
  so the first thing to do is to eliminate every incentive to come to europe . 
  that would be saying `` if you come to greece we will give you shelter in a eu refugee camp in the greek periphery . 
  no welfare . 
  no working permit in europe . 
  no access to germany . 
  just a safe place to stay , shelter , food , improvised basic schooling for your kids and a basic healthcare . 
  and after the war ends you all must leave . '', 
  if you would do that , than the mass migration would slow down a lot . 
   again pull ( incentive ) vs. push effect probably is 20 % to 80 % . 
  you just made those numbers up out of the blue , didnt you ? 
  i would rather say the pull factors are way more important for the refugee influx to europe . 
  the push factors only push those refugees away from syria , to turkey or lebanon . 
  from there its almost exclusively pull factors , that draw them to europe . 
  and germany is giving plenty of pull factors . 
  if it was more push then pull , then the refugees would probably spread over a lot of countrys . 
  poland , hungary , slovenia , austria , serbia , greece , etc. 
  in none of those countries is war , so the push forces that drive the refugees out of syria are the same for all those countries . 
  for the refugees it would be even more convenient to go to those countries because they are closer to their home . 
  instead they go to the country with the `` willkommenskultur '' and highest social welfare . 
  pull factors par excellence . 
  and i strongly disagree that shutting down borders lead to a lot more dead people . 
  why should people die in refugee camps in greece or turkey ? 
  if they get food and shelter there they will definetly not die . 
  plus : for the money needed to supply 1 refugee in germany , you could supply about 15 refugees in lebanon . 
  i think we will get the answer how `` happy '' germans are with merkels refugee politics on the 13th of march . 
  there will take place federal elections in 3 bundesl\u00e4ndern with a combined population of about 17m . 
  surveys show that the conservative-right afd which is highly refugee critic will enter all three parliaments and get massive gains . 
  as a german i ( sadly ) have to agree with you . 
  `` narrative '' ? 
  by telling the refugees they are `` welcome '' in europe , merkel created a big incentive for them to come . 
  if mekel says in a bundespressekonferenz that refugees are welcome she is definetly to blame . 
  and if the federal ministery for migration and refugees twitters via their official twitter account that syrian refugees wont be send back , it is definetly responsible for luring more refugees to germany . 
  face it : merkel has heavily intensified this problem and recent german politics are responsible for dividing and tearing the eu apart . 
   i mean we could instate concentration camps and just gas everyone coming here . 
  that would stop the flow immediately ... adolf , is it you ? 
  more like `` we need to adress the cause of the problem instead of trying treat the symtpoms . '', 
  if you have a pipe burst , you need to stop the water flow before you can start to clean up . 
  and by closing their borders the water flow will be reduced . 
  as long as germany and sweden take in `` refugees '' there will come `` refugees '' . 
  and not just from syria , but from all over africa . 
  only after closing the borders and decreasing the incentive to come to europe , we can start to deal with the refugees in greece by sending them either back to turkey or build them eu funded refugee camps in the greek periphery . 
  no , thats called hesitation . 
  the eu does n't have a functioning democratic process that can lead to binding decisions . 
  instead one country ( germany ) can block the whole process of finding a solution . 
  lets face it , merkel is pretty isolated in the eu and still wants to make the eu act her way . 
  the other countrys pretty much all agree that we need to close and protect our boarders . 
  im pretty sure , if merkel would give in and join the other eu countrys we would have solution rather quick . 
  but because merkel effectively blocks the eu processes , the countrys like austria rather find their own solution without the eu . 
  ok last post in this tiring and rather meaningless discussion : that henry ford example is just silly , henry ford is a name and the name remains the same even after ford 's death . 
  dakar is the name of a city so obivous it must relate to the city in some way . 
  ( your words in some alteration ) dakar is a geographical location and its only fair to assume that a product/race that has that location in their name has a geographical connection to that location . 
  there is even a law for geographical indication in the eu that forbids misleading geographical advertisment . 
  however i 'm well aware that `` dakar '' is used as a brand name and a rebranding would be cost some money for the organisers . 
  i 'm also aware that the rally used to lead to dakar ( to forestall your next point ) . 
  nevertheless i do n't like stupid branding and the thoughtless use of words simply because they sound appealing . 
  a lot of people might not even know that dakar is a city , so my concerns do n't apply to many people . 
  call me oldfashioned , but i expect manchester united to play in manchester , the krombacher beer to be brewed in krombach and the rally dakar actually going to dakar . 
  i assume your main point ( behind all that passive aggressvie shitposting ) was , that dakar is just a name to honor the rallys history instead of a geographical location , which is a legitimate point of view , even if i disagree . 
  well how about you write it like that way next time and refrain from stupid shitposting on kindergarten level . 
  you can answer to this comment and i will even read it , but from now im out of this `` discussion '' . 
  peace . 
  the eu right now is a powerless , beaurocratic joke that is uncapable of taking any action necessary to solve this problem . 
  the fathers of the european integration would rotate in their graves ( german saying ) if they could see how todays politicians ( most blame is on merkel ) are fucking up the european union and are tearing europe apart . 
  next they tell us that the beautiful cars of the auto union are n't called horch anymore . 
  instead they go for the strange name of `` audi '' . 
  no that would be silly . 
  probably as silly as expecting the italian grand prix to take place in italy . 
  i know . 
  it 's just a bit absurd that they keep the name dakar if the rally takes place 7.000 km away from dakar . 
  more important : why is it still called dakar rally ? 
  it 's not even close to dakar . 
   if a country cant control its schengen borders it is not fit to stay in the european union . 
  thats a legitimate point of view . 
  i highly doubt greece will be able to conrol its schengen boarders on its own . 
  at least not in the next 10 years . 
  i think you grossly overestimate the strength of the greece state . 
  greece was in deep trouble before the refugee crisis and is even closer to collapse now . 
  greece has a longer coastline than the uk . 
  even a `` healthy '' greece would n't be able to protect their coastline against such numbers of immigrants . 
  for me the situation is simple : greece is protecting the eu foreign boarder , therefore the eu needs to assist greece with their boarder protection .
