  so for me its only fair that the eu will pay for the defense of the eu boarder . 
  the only other options are that we cancel schengen or exclude greece from the eu ... 
  however the eu and especially merkel are lacking the will to protect our boarders . 
  they rather outsource the dirty work to others and then start blaming them afterwards . 
  i honestly ca n't blame greece for the way they handled the situation before . 
  merkel was inviting the refugees and greece was simply letting them pass to their destination . 
  protect your intact societies as long as you have them . 
  if i could chose between wealth ( aka a new iphone every 24 month ) or an intact society , i would definetly chose the intact society . 
  maybe all those problems are a punishment for our historical sins . 
  us had slavery and got a huge problem with their black population . 
  uk and france exploited their colonies and are now punished with an influx of people from those countries . 
  germany , well you know our sins ... now germany is forced to be the shelter for all the poor people in the world . 
  plus , germany also tried to exploit turkish guest workers for cheap labour and as a result we got our turkish problem areas in western cities . 
  just eat plenty of good sausage with it and its fine , 
  plus theres the bundesrepublik deutschland -- finanzagentur gmbh located in frankfurt am main . 
  total proof that germany is a gmbh conspiring intensifies, 
  plus theres the bundesrepublik deutschland -- finanzagentur gmbh located in frankfurt am main . 
  total proof that germany is a gmbh conspiring intensifies, 
  theres a nice quote by former german journalist and news anchor hanns joachim friedrichs : `` this is what i have learned at my 5 years at the bbc in london : keep distance , do n't pick sides on an issue , even if it 's a morally good issue , do n't fall into consternation and stay cool in dealing with catastrophes without being cold . 
  only this way you will gain the viewers trust , so they view you as a member of the family and watch you every evening and listen to you . '', 
  translation by me it seems that a lot journalists today have their trouble with `` keeping distance '' and `` do n't pick sides '' . 
  which obviously results in the mistrust in media ulrik haagerup was talking about . 
  downvote the heretics . 
  dark bread is life , dark bread is love . 
  wow . 
  for a short but beautiful moment other countries actually liked germany . 
  i shed a single tear . 
  i agree , until the last point . 
  do n't blame germany . 
  blame merkel and biased german media and maybe also a bit the 70 year long `` anti-nationalist '' reeducation in germany . 
  there are federal elections in 3 bundesl\u00e4nder ( with a combined population of 17 million ) coming in 13.3 . and i think the outcome of those elections might change a lot . 
  the conservative-right party afd which is refugee critic will most likely get in all three parliaments and get massive gains . 
  even if they wanted it would be pretty difficult . 
  greece has a pretty long coastline and a lot of islands . 
  its hard to monitor and protect such a long coastline . 
  asylum claims are misleading here . 
  none of the refugees want to stay in greece , they just want to transit to germany/sweden/austria etc. 
  so until now the refugee `` traffic '' was just passing through greece . 
  thousands came every day to greece and thousands , left everyday . 
  if you close the borders , all those refugee `` traffic '' will jam up in greece . 
  with thousands to arrive every day and no refugees to leave , greece will be pretty crowded soon . 
  true . 
  but the main purpose of the eu should be to focus on the solution of european political problems . 
  this should be the core business of the eu . 
  and right now it seems like the eu does n't put as much effort in it 's core business , than it puts on regulations . 
  if it was only about standardization and regulation , we could replace the eu with the iso ( international organization for standardization ) . 
  that would be a lot cheaper . 
  however , i was looking for a space to rant . 
  and your / r/nottheonion comment seemed like it would be the best place . 
  you should watch more south park , especially episode 7 , season 11 . 
  another pro tip : if a big ass monster begs you for 3.50 $ do n't give it to him . 
  ahhh the powerful serbian navy . 
  only rivaled by the mighty fleet of andorra . 
  imho the eu is turning into a total joke with all those ridiculous regulations and banning . 
  the eu seems to care most about the bending of cucumbers and the energy consumption while boiling . 
  the real problems like the refugee crisis can wait . 
  as long as tea boiling via electric kettels is properly regulated and does n't consume too much energy . 
  and the punchline for the extra laugh is that they pause it , in order to not anger the british voters . 
  i would n't even be mad if uk leaves the eu and fuels all the anti-eu movements across europe . 
  the eu started as a project to unify europe and ended as a pathetic joke . 
  kinda sad . 
  what is tlc ? 
  careful reading my friend . 
   maybe omit some of the minor offences . 
  apart from that i can only speak for my country and we have a real problem with so called `` foreign intensive criminals '' . 
  most judges are very reluctant to order deportation so foreign criminals realy have to commit a lot of crimes to get deported . 
  an automatism , that a certain punishment automatically leads to a deportation would therefore be beneficial . 
  it does not necessarily have to be as strict as the swiss one . 
  yes , the poor greeks will get hit really hard . 
  but if you have a pipe burst , you have to plug the pipe , before you can clean up the water . 
  if europe does n't close its borders the stream of refugees , not only from syria , but from whole africa wo n't stop . 
  so maybe this is just the first step towards a solution . 
  the next step that should be taken , would be to protect the greek borders . 
  the remaining refugees could be sheltered in refugee camps in the greek periphery . 
  an inspiration could be found at israels refugee camps in the negev desert . 
  and after that europe should finally give greece some kind of a european `` marshall-plan '' . 
  the poor greeks definetly got hit too hard the last years . 
  true . 
  but maybe it is a step towards a solution . 
  at least it will slow down the invasion . 
  the only country which is pretty f * cked is greece . 
  poor greeks got hit really , really hard the last years . 
  the insane part is that laws like this even became a necessity in developed countries . 
  i would appreciate such a law for non-eu foreigners in germany . 
  maybe omit some of the minor offences . 
  as a country you have to deal with your own criminals , because you obviously ca n't get rid of them . 
  but you have no obligation to additionally deal with foreign criminals . 
  if you can deport them after their sentence , then you should . 
  edit : if you plan on living your whole life in a country then you should apply for citizenship . 
  swiss even allows a dual citizenship . 
  it seems that we have gotten our european solution . 
  just without germany and the eu . 
  imho it says a lot about the current state of the eu , that austria , hungary , slovakia etc. 
  came to a faster and probably better solution , than the eu . 
  we achieved a european solution by evading the european institutions that were designed to find european solutions . 
  it sounds a little bit like a joke to me . 
  edit : ok , you guys are right . 
  this `` solution '' is only a solution for some countries and massively f * cks over greece . 
  however you have to start somwhere . 
  and as it seems impossible to achieve a real european solution right now , this step might pressure some countries ( and by `` some '' i mean germany ) to come to a european solution with closed eu exterior borders .
