  if you want more `` diversity '' in europe , than you also have to abolish the european welfare state and orient yourself on the american model . 
  however a lot of people do n't like the idea we have to change our society to a worse standard in order to take more foreigners in . 
  so if there are more negative aspects in taking foreigners in , then why should we ? 
  just my 2 cents on the topic, 
  was it impossible to get a visum without bribery ? 
  im a bit curious now . 
  where do you come from and which country did your parents visit . 
  4000 $ per person seems to be a lot of money just for a visum . 
  was it just the visum fee or also some kind of deposit ? 
  serious question : what political and legal role does the eu play on this ? 
  after all turkey is not in the eu so as long as those turks do n't have a dutch passport it would be possible to drive them out of your country by making the right of residence stricter . 
  if they are citizens of a foreign country they can do nothing about it . 
  politics could just make the right of residence a bit stricter every year for turks and deport the offenders . 
  legalism at it 's finest but it would solve the turkish problem . 
  you militaristic warmongers !, 
  the dutch invasion force : https://www.baselland.ch/uploads/pics/443_2.jpg, 
  psv eindhoven still has a good chance to reach the quarterfinal , so it 's definetly not that bad . 
  i really had to laugh on that one . 
  hup holland hup !, 
  careful reading my friend :  should the audience have gathered information on which music will be played ? 
  yes , they should have . 
   was that behaviour rude ? 
  yes , definetly . 
  i said it 's understandable that a lot people were angry not that their reaction is understandable . 
  edit : however that was n't my main point . 
  i do n't want to defend the rudeness of rude people . 
  i only think that it is very very far fetched to label this incident as motivated by racism . 
  motivated by anger ? 
  sure . 
  carried out with rude behaviour ? 
  sure . 
  motivated by racism ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  were you drunk , when you postet your comment ? 
  well that would explain your comment . 
  and your nickname . 
  edit : clarification just for you : ( because i have a feeling you will not get it otherwise ) situation : if you make stupid unfunded claims and present them as actualities , you will receive a respective comeback . 
  solution : if you do n't like comeback , than do n't make stupid unfunded claims and do n't present them actualities . 
  tell me which do you favor : your fingers or your tongue ? 
  16/23 sorry estonia , i did n't recognize your map either . 
  i was really thinking hard which country that could be . 
  and i have even visited tallinn once . 
  shame on me . 
   of course they would not . 
  so you are a psychic that can see alternative realities ? 
  or what 's your point here ? 
  i think this attempt to label this incident as racist or push it in a right-wing corner is totally ridiculous . 
  apparently the visitors paid for what they thought was a classical concert and got some `` very special '' modern music instead . 
  i would also feel quite cheated if someone played that kind of music to me instead of classical music . 
  just listen to the link from u/raoul44 . 
  it 's like i would expect a metallica concert and get justin bieber instead . 
  i would be pissed as well . 
  so it 's understandable that a lot of people were very angry and felt cheated . 
  then the musician tries to speak in english to them . 
  you have to keep in mind that a lot of older people in germany do n't speak english very well , or do n't speak it at all . 
  so first you pay for classical music and get music you do n't want to hear and then they try to speak to you in a foreign language you do n't understand . 
  thats a double rip-off . 
  imo an older german citizen attending a classical concert can assume that the speeches will be in german . 
  should the audience have gathered information on which music will be played ? 
  yes , they should have . 
  was that behaviour rude ? 
  yes , definetly . 
  was it understandable that a lot of people were angry . 
  imo , yes . 
  was this a `` racist '' incident ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  hurz !, 
  and per capita includes everyone , even kids , retired people and unempleoyed people . 
  so imagine a family with 2 kids has to pay 11.616 $ every 4 years . 
  and what do they get in return ? 
  more crime ? 
  an erosion of the swedish culture ? 
  intolerance against minorities like homosexuals ? 
  thats a high price sweden wants to pay for their `` enrichment '' . 
  i talked to a russian employee of the russian foreign ministery ( he had his job in russia ) once and he told me , that a job at the russian embassy in germany is very popular among the employees . 
  that does n't refute his point . 
  the people who operate the machinery ( aka working people ) have to feed those who do n't work at all . 
  quick , import more unskilled workers form the middle east !, 
  the plebs might become too greedy !, 
  i also did n't know that the last time i voted for them . 
  now i know that merkel happily floods germany with immigrants and i will definetly not vote for the cdu again . 
  there is already a green party in germany . 
  i have no need for a green cdu . 
  you forgot the / s there are a lot `` intelligent '' left people that actually believe this . 
  oh yes you can . 
  only the will is lacking . 
  build 40 or 50 tent cities with eu money that give shelter to 10.000 people each and you have shelter for 400.000-500 .000 people . 
  greece is a country with a really low population density , so there should be space . 
  the construction of those cities can be done by european military . 
  even the bundeswehr is able to set up a tent city for several thousand people in a very short time . 
  thats the main job of pioneers . 
  so every european army sets up a few tent cities and we have those refugee camps in a few weeks . 
  additional to that fund , refugee camps in lebanon and turkey with eu money . 
  im very , very sure , if those refugees have the option between living in a greek refugee camp or in a turkish refugee camp , not many more refugees will come . 
  why should they spend several 1.000 $ to change a turkish refugee camp for a greek refugee camp . 
  and politcally speaking greece ca n't even say no to this . 
  they are so much in debt . 
  if you offer them that the eu will pay for all the expenses and give them a 10 % debt cut afterwards , they will say yes . 
  edit : however that proposal must be made by a country like france . 
  if germany proposes this , we are the `` new nazis '' and if an eastern european country proposes it they are the `` new fascists '' .
