you got me at space-bratwurst . 
  here , have my vote for supreme president of the allmighty european commission . 
   can you provide any actual figures , or anything at all to use as a citation , to support your claim re immigration from nations which used to be part of the commonwealth ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom#countries_of_origin out of the top 10 of immigrant origin countries there are 7 current members of the commonwealth . 
  looks like a good support for the claim the user made . 
  beside that , i have never heard in any media , that american , australian or german immigrants are causing any major trouble in uk . 
  most incidents i heard of were caused by a certain nationality . 
  just think of rotherham ... 
  i guess the number dropped analog to the austrian numbers , since all refugees in austria want to come to germany . 
  i could n't find any exact numbers in german media , only that there arrive less now . 
  but i agree with you there are still too many . 
  do you really believe what you just wrote ? 
  do you really think it 's possbile to `` swedify '' those people ? 
  what you wrote sounds really nice , yet it also sounds incredibly naive . 
  do n't let the sharia police catch you with alcohol that would end bad . 
  well maybe the swedes would wake up if someone took their booze away . 
  so maybe there is still hope xd sk\u00e5l, 
  a lot of people in the west are afraid to critize radical islam because they fear getting called racists . 
  mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk was a wise man , when he pushed for secularisation and modernization in turkey . 
  a swede laughing at denmark for not being progressive enough , that 's actually kind of funny . 
  i 'm asking myself who will have the last laugh if sweden stays that `` progressive '' and keeps getting `` enriched '' ? 
  im a bit confused now . 
  wikipedia says he died in 1978 . 
  so i guess this is n't peroutkas quote ??? 
  is it some kind of reference taken from his writings ? 
  as i said , such issues are like all legal issues up to a certain degree of interpretation . 
  according to the [ legal definition of genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide#international_law ) from the un from 1951 , a genocide must not necessarily be aimed to destroy the whole group . 
  it is enough to only have the intention to destroy a group partly . 
  '' ... any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : ( a ) killing members of the group ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part '' so it 's allways up to debate if those death 's were `` accidental '' or if there was at least some intention behind it to destroy the group in part . 
  in every war there is a line between `` normal '' collateral damage , war crimes and crimes like genocide . 
  and those lines are allways up to debate . 
  nevertheless your argumentation is logical in itself and it 's allways nice to be able to have a civil debate on reddit . 
  edit : however it might be the case that with kitcheners more intensive warfare the anger on the enemy rose and it might have been an `` intended sideffect '' to reduce the number boers to prevent future conflicts . 
  a policy of scorched earth is often used a method of last resort when the fighting gets more fierce and moral standards are quickly eroding . 
  it 's hard to determine afterwards how much intention and how much situational pressure has lead to certain actions . 
  the term genocide is allways up to debate . 
  russia also does n't consider the [ holodomor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ) a genocide and claims those people died due to negligence and a general famine in the soviet union . 
  the questions are : how intentional was this negligence ? 
  is a death rate of 25 % in this case still negligence ? 
  did the people that died in those camps really care if it was negligence or genocide ? 
   the term concentration camp saw wider use during the second boer war ( 1899 -- 1902 ) , when the british operated such camps in south africa for interning boers . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internment edit : to be historically correct : britain did n't invent the term and the usage of `` concentration camps '' it just made the name `` popular '' by letting 24.000 children starve in their concentration camps . 
  i do n't really know if it makes such huge difference if you invent a term/concept or spread the term and give it a wider usage . 
  but that is probably up to debate . 
  edit 2 : apparently this difference between inventing the concept and the term `` concentration camp '' and making it `` popular '' with thousands of deaths is enough for the commenter before me to `` laugh his ass off '' . 
  there were even instances before that . 
  hunger and starvation have allways had their part in warfare . 
  wikipedia says the first `` modern '' genocide happened already about 1820 in tasmania . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aboriginal_tasmanians https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_war but i 'm quite sure if you go back in history there will be many examples that qualify as genocide before . 
  of course i do n't want to downplay any genocides with that . 
  i think the only thing that changed over time are the technical possibilities and the scale of killing . 
  but even that is n't necessary at all . 
  in [ rwanda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rwandan_genocide ) they managed to kill 1 million humans with machetes and small firearms ... reading my whole post again , i have to say i 'm quite glad i 'm living in todays europe . 
  i agree with you , that there is allways a certain percentage of bigoted and racist people . 
  my impression from current politics in germany is , that as long as you have stable , well-functioning moderate politics then everything is all right . 
  those bigots are still there but they do n't get too loud because everything is working . 
  in the situation right now , our current chaos politics are not working very well and a lot of people lose their trust . 
  so the more extreme ends of the political spectrum get more influence . 
  and that is when the bigots and racists are starting to get loud or more extreme . 
  because the whole society tends more to extremes so do those people . 
  basically that was exactly how weimar fell . 
  of course we are still very far away from that , but those mechanisms remain the same . 
  the best way to silence extremists , is by having a functioning societey . 
  did you forgot about second boer war by the british colonial empire , which by the way invented the concentration camps . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_boer_war#concentration_camps_.281900.e2.80.931902.29  a report after the war concluded that 27,927 boers ( of whom 24,074 [ 50 percent of the boer child population ] were children under 16 ) had died of starvation , disease and exposure in the concentration camps . 
  in all , about one in four ( 25 percent ) of the boer inmates , mostly children , died . 
  does letting 25 % of the inmates starve already qualify as `` genocidal '' ? 
  i do n't think immigration is the best solution for that problem . 
  imho the best solution would be to introduce policies to increase the birth rate . 
  if you look at france for example , they have a birth rate of 2,01 which is almost enough to keep a stable population . 
  so it must be possible for other developed countries to achieve a birth rate of about 2,10 and have a stable population . 
  immigration is just the seemingly easier way . 
   otherwise nobody in the govt would even consider taking in large numbers of immigrants that do n't have skills that are in high demand . 
  i 'm not sure if that is really the case . 
  a lot of migrants really do n't have skills that western european countries need . 
  one explanation for this is that companies like to have an abundance of cheap labour . 
  the labour is n't needed at all but it creates pressure on the job market and helps to keep wages low . 
  the cost of that unemployment is payed by the society , so the companies do n't need to care about that . 
  this gave me a new perspective on the migrant crisis in germany . 
  a of german ceo 's are in favour of taking more refugees and that is probably the reason . 
  especially in times where a lot of people demand that germany rises it 's wages . 
  there has even been a debate if germany can make exceptions on the minimum wage for refugees . 
  edit : this is not some kind of conspiracy theory or something . 
  imho this is a plausible explanation why so many ceo 's of big companies gave pro-refugee interviews lately . 
   now if he would say ` kill all non-whites ' or anything related just had a look at his comment history ... and he literally said that in another sub . 
  edit : whoa , i just got a pm from u/randomblade , i do n't want to say what he wrote , but yeah that bann was definetly justified . 
  i totally agree with you that this kind of `` white power '' racism and national-socialist ideas are completley unacceptable . 
  however i would n't label the `` replacement fear '' as you called it as some more or less rational feeling . 
  imho it is just the simple and maybe a bit uneducated expression of a serious problem we face in almost all western european countries . 
  we face a serious demographic change in those countries . 
  the birth rates of the local and ethnical homogenous population are low , while there is a lot of foreign immigration from non european countries . 
  so naturally the demographics are changing . 
  the population becomes less ethnical and cultural homogenous . 
  almost all european national states are based on cultural and ethnical homogenous populations . 
  mixed populations were the root of so many problems and wars throughout europe that the homogenous national state became our european idea of an functioning and stable state . 
  just look at the ending of yugoslawia , czechoslowakia , northern ireland , german minorities in poland and czechia before ww2 , the whole history of the balkans and so on . 
  in fact our whole solidarity based welfare system is based on this idea . 
  why should someone pay a lot of money into social security that he will most likely never get back ? 
  because there is some kind of solidarity and connection with the poeple that receive welfare . 
  the more `` diversity '' there is , the lesser is the connection to those people , which leads to an erosion of the solidarity prinicple .
