  i.e statistically speaking every 20th person on your fb friends list is gay . 
  but in lithuania they would mostly be in the closet . 
  there is no law in any country in europe that bans you from saying those things . 
  you have complete freedom of expression . 
  just as i can say that you 're being such a stereotypically idiotic eastern-european-minded shithead . 
  the state will not throw you nor me for to prison for saying these things . 
  there 's a problem only if you would call for violence against those groups . 
  i.e hate speech is illegal . 
  how are the founders of transferwise not mostly estonian ? 
  i have also noticed that there 's a lot more people begging for money after the euro replaced the kroon . 
  the largest coin was 1 kroon - which is roughly 0.06 euros . 
  i personally liked it like that . 
  metal money is heavy and annoying to carry around . 
  i prefer dealing with paper money . 
  i also liked the apperance of the kroon . 
  http://i.imgur.com/yjf51oy.png but other than that i prefer the euro . 
  and czech rep also just simply is not that bad . 
  it 's pretty rich compared to hungary . 
  it 's more of a brotherly rivalry . 
  not real hate . 
  not nearly as much as you think though . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_efficiency_in_transportation#walking ps : obesity is a large problem in the western world . 
  it 's a good thing if people would `` spend '' calories for transport instead of `` spending '' them in the gym . 
  but people who do n't walk or bicycle still eat . 
  and they do n't really eat that much less . 
  the netherlands perhaps ? 
  i ca n't imagine anyone hating them . 
  or denmark . 
  also , i have n't really noticed much hate for estonia . 
  even most russians seem to be quite positive about estonia . 
  that sounds complicated as well . 
  we just do n't kiss anyone . 
  because we 're normal . 
  a car weighs more than a ton . 
  you need a lot of energy to move all that weight around . 
  walking is very efficient . 
  not as efficient as bicycling , but it still requires a lot less energy per km than a car ( even if we compare it to electric cars ) . 
  did n't san marino only have a jury though ? 
  well dutch people themselves chant `` hup hup holland '' . 
  there is no one answer . 
  the fall is stronger among boys than girls . 
  and the strongest in rural eastern finland . 
  one answer could be that reading as a past time has gone down very quickly ( and has been replaced with computers / smartphones ) . 
  reading level is connected with success in almost every subject in school . 
  lower level of reading - lower rankings in pisa . 
  it has also been noted that student 's motivation for studying has gone down in finland . 
  the thirst for knowledge . 
  not sure what the reasons for this are though . 
  2006 http://www.oecd.org/pisa/pisaproducts/39725224.pdf 2009 http://www.oecd.org/pisa/46643496.pdf 2012 http://www.oecd.org/pisa/keyfindings/pisa-2012-results-snapshot-volume-i-eng.pdf, 
  finnish educational system is n't like that . 
  you 're simplifying a complex issue . 
  finland is still way ahead of the rest of europe . 
  care to explain ? 
  it 's comparing estonia and finland . 
  no point in showing the whole scale from 0 . 
  finland does n't really have that many immigrants . 
  also , the biggest fall in the pisa test is in eastern finland among boys . 
  ( i.e in the more rural area with less immigrants ) . 
  english is less foreign for most europeans than french though . 
  they supported separatists only because they felt that this way they can make these two areas a part of russia . 
  i mean . . north ossetia ( which has almost 10x more ossetians ) was already under russia . 
  de facto both of these two places are now a part of russia . 
  they also did it in 2008 . 
  i remember reading a story on the facebook group `` eestlased taanis '' ( estonians in denmark ) how someone knocked on one of the member 's door and asked for money for the tv licence . 
  he thought that he 's being conned or something and asked other people in the group for help . 
  but it turned out that this is how it actually is in denmark . 
  tv people just come behind your door and ask for money . 
  in estonia the public tv is financed by the state . 
  but what about the prisoners who carry their whole 1-year sentence ? 
  what % of them is behind bars within 2 years ? 
  is there a difference ? 
   on a military level , nato is already overcommitted to defending the baltics , which are even more strategically screwed . 
  what exactly do you mean by that ? 
  most of the border between russia and estonia is physical . 
  lake peipus and narva river . 
  we only have a land border in a relatively small area in the south-east . 
  estonia is one of the few countries in nato that spends at least 2 % of gdp on the army . 
  the problem is that it 's a country with just 1,3 million people and our gdp is n't that high . 
  still ? 
  it was mandatory during the soviet occupation . 
  it has never been mandatory in a free estonia . 
  it 's quite common to choose russian as the second foreign language though ( after english ) . 
  sure http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a3/northern-europe.jpg, 
  if putin is dead , then this could be a bad thing . 
  he has so much support right now and his successor will continue his policies - if anything his successor might be worse because he has to prove to the russian people that he 's not `` soft '' . 
  i.e he hates gays and the decadent west and he will bring glory back to russia . 
  `` everyone '' ? 
  that 's just simply wrong . 
  oh yes . 
  hungary and lard . 
  who can separate that . 
  it 's world renowned lard . 
  this flag is used quite often for smaller icons . 
  it 's clearer . 
  iraak in estonian though . 
  you see this sort of thing much more in the us and the uk ( where uni costs money ) than in denmark or estonia ( where it 's completely free ) . 
  this just seems like a way for you to push your own agenda through this . 
   radio en tv channels dutch confirmed . 
  is there any reason why it should be a part of russia though ? 
  well i disagree .
