  it can unify people but it can also keep them separated . 
  it 's always the immigrants from the same countries that have problems . 
  and although different countries have chosen different strategies for dealing with immigration , the problems they 're having are pretty much the same . 
  with the same groups of immigrants . 
  let 's not just always blame the state for everything . 
  the chinese and korean immigrants seem to be doing fine . 
  i think it 's some country . 
  possibly in europe ? 
  somewhere in france if i remember correctly . 
  pretty small and insignificant . 
  i remember when a friend of mine accidentally downloaded some move with ashton kutcher with hardcoded polish dub . 
  we watched it and it was hilarious . 
  just this polish guy with a low monotonous voice repeating everything that 's been said in english in polish . 
  ( english came a bit before polish . ), 
  norway and switzerland are similar in this sense that they are both incredibly beautiful but very expensive . 
  where in europe would you like to go ? 
  southern europe ? 
  if you want something a bit different from the regular france-italy-greece stuff , then . . 
  the benelux countries are good to go to i think . 
  because two weeks is quite short and the netherlands and belgium are relatively small , but filled with a lot of interesting stuff . 
  amsterdam is great . 
  you could even go to fucking bruges . 
  i 'm biased i guess , but northern europe is actually very nice during the summer . 
  long days and short nights . 
  stockholm , helsinki and tallinn are connected with ferries . 
  ( and st petersburg is n't far [ if you 're not afraid of russia ] ) . 
  it 's just 80km between helsinki and tallinn . 
  and cruises between tallinn and stockholm are pretty popular . 
  http://www.tallinksilja.com/en/web/int/book-a-cruise switzerland is awesome as well . 
  breathtakingly beautiful and good public transport ( trains ) . 
  but it 's very expensive . 
  i also remember biker mice from mars . 
  or `` mootorratturhiired marsilt '' in estonian . 
  it was one of those things where all the boys in kindergarten had massive arguments about who is the coolest and strongest . 
  oh yes , i remember beyblades and yu-gi-oh . 
  and digimon . 
  everybody watched that in first grade . 
  and then we pretended to be the various digimons and everybody always wanted to be `` s\u00f5ja-greymon '' . 
  [ war greymon ] except for me . 
  i wanted to be `` vere-garurumon '' . 
  [ blood-garuromon ] . 
  come on children . 
  garurumon is clearly cooler than greymon . 
  clearly . 
  estonia . 
  i was born in 1991 . 
  [ the same year we achieved re-independence ] . 
  in kindergarten everybody were collecting `` k\u00e4ps '' - s . they came together with chupa chups lollipops . 
  they were these circular slabs of plastic with various pictures on them and then you just played with other kids using those caps . 
  this was in kindergarten . 
  then after that . . for a while everybody had yo-yo 's because snickers had a campaign with that . 
  i also remember all the people in school being obsessed with all the stuff lays and cheetos put into their potato chips bags . 
  their biggest hit was `` taso '' - s. which was basically the same thing which was found in chupa chupses previously . 
  circular plastic slabs . 
  this was a huge craze among children . 
  my friend made quite a lot of money from playing with these caps ( and winning them ) and then selling them to this richer kid in our school . 
  the school actually had to tell children to stop playing for money or for winning other people 's `` taso '' - s . it was massive . 
  everybody seemed to do it . 
  i also remember playing `` telekam\u00e4ng '' . 
  which means tv-game , i.e a console . 
  most often it was some cheap chinese knockoff of a famous console from the us . 
  yellow cartridges . 
  what else . . 
  playing wolfenstein 3d . 
  and a bit later , stuff like gta2 and runescape . 
  we became really capitalist really quickly i guess . 
  my youth is very connected with brands . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  what specific views of him make you think that he 's an idiot ? 
  they drink wine and it 's a nice place to visit as a tourist . 
  kind of mediterranean . 
  nice weather . 
  tasty food . 
  and not too expensive . 
  rich history . 
  cool alphabet . 
  we ( estonia ) have pretty good relations with them . 
  although actually we 're very different culturally . 
  this is actually just the trailer . 
  this torrent has english subtitles i think . 
  ( have you used vlc player ? ), 
  well the netherlands already goes partially by holland . 
  * hup holland hup *, 
  there is something that i wish that my country * did n't * have . 
  which is russia as a neighbour . 
  fellow redditors , do n't base your view of estonians on the personal view of one estonian . 
  like the channel tunnel ? 
  welsh is cheating . 
  and in estonian : \u00f6\u00f6 - night, 
  google translate says `` if flying flies , flies fly after flies . '', 
  economics can sometimes be counter-intuitive . 
  russia would probably not be better off by building the greenhouses and producing all the crops themselves . 
  no it is n't . 
  this is one of the most important tenets of economics . 
  it 's counter-intuitive , but even if you can produce some product more efficiently than some foreign country , it 's still often better to trade . 
  i think these sorts of maps are more interesting when based on gdp per capita . 
  it 's for the people who claim that homosexuals are an extremely small minority . 
  that just 0.1 % of people are homosexuals . 
  it shows that they exist and there 's a lot of them . 
  in reality around ~ 5 % of the population are homosexual .
