  the mass import of russians started during the soviet times . 
  finland was also under the russian empire until 1917 you know . 
  also , using your logic , countries like the netherlands or belgium should have turkish or arabic as one of their national languages . 
  yep . 
  during the soviet occupation massive amount of russians were imported into estonia . 
  a large difference compared to immigration into western europe is that all the immigrants were from one cultural group . 
  so integration is harder and in some areas of estonia it 's pretty easy to get by without speaking a word of estonian . 
  those people often get their news from kreml-controlled sources . 
  but the number of those people is decreasing constantly and most estonians get along fine with russians ( and vice versa ) . 
  all the russians i personally know have said that they would n't want estonia to be a part of russia . 
   as i mentioned somewhere else , the only reason janus and niklas chose estonia was because they had used those guys for kazaa earlier . 
  this is just simply wrong . 
  the way you 're wording your comment makes it seem that you think that kazaa was founded by janus and niklas who then used cheap estonian workforce write it . 
  when in reality it was made by those estonian guys who just sold it to them . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kazaa#history  kazaa and fasttrack were originally created and developed by estonian programmers from bluemoon interactive [ 1 ] including jaan tallinn and sold to niklas zennstr\u00f6m and janus friis ( who were later to create skype and later still joost and rdio ) . 
  -  i 'll put it this way , if estonia was the only country in the world skype would never have been made . 
  if estonia never existed , skype would still exist but the backend would just have been made somewhere else . 
  well we would n't know if it still would 've had become as popular as it did . 
  the idea itself was nothing groundbreaking . 
  i still do n't think that estonia was chosen just purely because they already personally knew those estonian guys . 
  there 's a reason why there 's such a large amount of tech start-ups in estonia you know ( especially considering in what terrible shape the country was just 20 years ago ) . 
  it has been an intentional choice of the government to invest into all kinds of it stuff . 
  starting from 1997 with tiigrih\u00fcpe http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiigrih%c3%bcpe, 
  not really . 
  the estonian guys who wrote the original skype had previously worked together on kazaa with janus friis and niklas zennstr\u00f6m . 
  they personally knew each other . 
  you know . . developing software is n't the same as producing cheap shoes or whatever . 
  the cheaper cost of labor does n't really matter if you 're paying just three guys . 
  there 's countries where they would 've had to pay way less . 
   the skype software was originally developed by estonians ahti heinla , priit kasesalu and jaan tallinn , who together with janus friis and niklas zennstr\u00f6m were also behind the peer-to-peer file sharing software kazaa . 
  i assume in countries such as the netherlands it 's the norm . 
  but germans generally do n't speak english that well , so it 's not suprising . 
  are you completely mad ? 
  are you living in one of these post-soviet countries so that you can make such a statement ? 
  i do , and i ca n't even express in words how wrong you are . 
  the ussr made a lot of propaganda about being efficient , organized and livable -- but it was n't actually true . 
  it was a totalitarian regime . 
  information was heavily controlled . 
  in the case of cargo it 's more about the cost than speed . 
  oil tankers for example are very slow , but very popular for cargo . 
  it 's extremely unlikely that any country will be using the hyperloop in the next 30 years or so . 
  also , rail baltica is largely about cargo transport -- which is n't going to be replaced by the hyperloop anyway . 
   i do n't want to sound pompous , but of course some people from certain countries like denmark , or even poland , would n't mind . 
  they do n't have a cultural `` super '' power status like france or spain . 
  france is a cultural superpower ? 
  maybe in the past . 
  during modern times the cultural influence of denmark and the scandinavia in general is considerably greater than that of france . 
  tv-series , films , design , various companies known all over the world , music , modern cuisine , etc. 
  you brits really like o 's it seems . 
  it 's interesting that swedes buy alcohol from finland . 
  does this only happen in the north where the countries connect ? 
  the distance from stockholm to tallinn and helsinki is the same . 
  why are n't the swedes buying alcohol from estonia ? 
  this map is made by some random guy on wikipedia . 
  no idea what his nationality is . 
  i think they included it under wine . 
  south-west britain belongs to the wine/beer belt here . 
  ( i did n't make this map . 
  it 's not oc . ), 
  this shows what alcohol has traditionally been drunken and produced in various countries . 
  this does n't necessarily show what is currently the most popular alcoholic drink . 
  for example sweden ( which is in the beer-vodka belt ) drinks more wine than beer or vodka . 
  you can see this from here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption, 
  * richer neighbour . 
  one neighbour . 
  finland . 
  these are the traditional alcohol belts of europe and it may not be representative of what is currently the most popular alcoholic drink . 
  for example swedes and norwegians drink more wine and beer than vodka during modern times . 
  this wikipedia link shows alcohol consumption per capita and breaks it down by type of alcohol : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption edit : but estonia still totally follows this trend . 
  [ damn . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uuvledk.png ) edit2 : but if you also include the unrecorded vodka ( the illegally made alcohol ) , then countries like moldova or russia would probably beat us . 
  i did think of adding them , but the map was getting kind of cluttered and these countries have pretty much the same name in english . 
  andorra , monaco , luksemburg , liechtenstein , vatikan , san marino . 
  i think vene meant boat in older estonian . 
  or at least that 's what my history teacher told me . 
  i believe the rootsi / ruotsi name possibly comes from the rus people . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rus'_people they also gave russia it 's name in most languages . 
  oops . 
  makedoonia . 
  i 've actually heard that the name `` venemaa '' comes from the fact that the russians came to estonia with boats over the lake peipus . 
  well judging this as an estonian , they 're definitely making fun of russians . 
  this is possibly a part of some kind of a viral campaign for the mineral water he 's mentioning in the end . 
  pisa just shows how well different students all over the world have taken a specific test . 
  the test is different every year , but the way the countries rank is n't that different . 
  so i would n't say that it 's complete bullshit . 
  it 's not all a country should care about when designing it 's education system , but it also should n't be ignored . 
  also , the results for the timss test are n't that different from pisa . 
  it 's still generally the same countries that are doing well and not so well . 
  would you still think that it 's garbage if denmark would happen to do well in it ? 
  many languages around the baltic sea may have similar words because of the old german influence . 
  for example in estonian trousers is `` p\u00fcksid '' and in danish it 's `` bukser '' . 
  they sound similar . 
  although they 're not similar languages and are from completely different language groups ( north-germanic and finnic ) . 
  also , `` perkele '' is n't a 100 % finnish word either http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perkele, 
  i guess so . 
  but religion is still kind of important in this context i think . 
  turkey is one of the most liberal muslim countries there is . 
  their version of islam is more compatible with current european values . 
  i would n't say that religion plays no part . 
  religion is a very important factor in what is your world view .
