you do n't have to say it 7 times mate . 
  you ca n't dump random people in another country , but these are not random people . 
  refugees are coming from turkey . 
  if i illegaly enter country a from country b , than a has the right to return me to country b. 
   since the opening of the camp in july 2012 , the camp population has repeatedly demonstrated . 
  the main concern has related to the lack of sufficient food supplies and better accommodation . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] the camp has seen an increasing number of reports of crime , including prostitution and drug-dealing . 
  [ 5 ] furthermore , demonstrations are used as a forum to create awareness of the conflict and to express political views against the current government led by bashar al-assad and the violence inflicted by the syrian armed forces . 
  [ 6 ] further the protesters declared support for the free syrian army . 
  on 5 april 2014 a riot resulted in a number of injuries to both refugees and jordanian police . 
  one refugee was killed by gunshot . 
  it depends on the channel . 
  i was listening to rtv1 news on the radio ( or maybe val202 ) , and the newsreader was calling the migrants , while some of the reporters in the field called them refugees . 
  the police union actually opened a [ forum ] ( http://pss-slo.org/?p=2149 ) for policemen to comment on the current work conditions . 
  from the latest posts it is looking like the situation is improving . 
  bosnian war ended with the dayton agreement , not an overwhelming victory . 
  once it gets unbearable we 'll send them forward to austria of course . 
  the only problem is that slo-aus border is much harder to cross illegaly that the hr-slo border . 
  because austria is closing it 's borders . 
  and if croatia can barely handle them , than how can we ? 
  yeah , problem solved . 
  this will surely stop the migrant flow . 
  hey !, 
  that sounds familiar !, 
  how do you know he 's downvoted ? 
  welcome to new / r/europe . 
  people profiteering from this are scum . 
  i 'd understand if she were giving them away , but this is just war profiteering . 
  and trying to shift blame to others is just pathetic . 
  a pervious crime being commited , does not absolve you . 
  when you have to leave everything you have behind , you do n't just stop at the first border . 
  you look for a better place to live than a disease infested refugee camp . 
  if you were a refugee , would n't you do the same ? 
  or would you be satisfied with living for the next 5 years in a refugee camp on nothing but dirty water and trinkets of humanitarian aid ? 
  actualy no . 
  / u/xf - never claimed the opposite , he just stated that some of these men have families . 
  / u/tszemix made a much more specific claim that most asylum seekers have no family . 
  or rather , he asked a very leading question in that direction . 
  seriously , how delusional do you have to be , to belive that somebody who just paid a smuggler all the savings he had , will be able to open up a business ? 
  where the hell do you get the capital ? 
  if the post was about stats , maybe people would agree with you . 
  what you are looking at is reporting on a solitary case . 
  i noticed that before the migrant crisis most people here had flag flairs . 
  after the start of the crisis , the ration of flairs has been noticably dropping , and they almost always have the same opinion on the situation . 
  it was a part of the national defense program . 
  everyone had to undergo rifle training etc. 
  saddam being a horrible dictator does n't mean that it was n't a war of aggression . 
  years which really matter : 1941 - start of the war in yugoslavia and the establishment of the liberation front ( of ) , 1943 - the second session of avnoj and the establishment of the yugoslav government , 1945 - total liberation of slovenia . 
  noun associated with the warfare period : armed resistance . 
  noun associated with the end of the war : liberation . 
  mostly . 
  the victory was followed by the reprisals agains collaborators and their sympathisers ( see foiba killings , otroci s petri\u010dka etc. ) . 
  it was a shameful time . 
  the role of your country in the war : part of the yugoslav partisans , the biggest and most effective partisan resistance to date . 
  the yugoslav partisan tied down some 100k german troops during the war . 
  the perception of your country-men who fought within the wehrmacht or waffen-ss : ahh yes , the homeguard ( domobranci ) and mvac ( milizia voluntaria anti-comunista ) . 
  up until recently they have been ( rightly ) seen as traitors , who joined the germans , italians and hungarians in their war crimes . 
  however recently there have been numerous attemnts by the right-wing to whitewash their crimes and present them as patriotic liberation fighters . 
  there have also been attempts to rehabilitate other quislings such as gregorij ro\u017eman , a bishop who openly supported the italian and german occupation . 
  the role of national partisans within your country : the partisan were basically the only resistance during the war ( since the chetniks spent half their time doing the dirty work for italians - claiming to be `` using the enemy '' ) . 
  it is difficult to explain just how much of an impact the partisan had on yugoslavia . 
  the leaders drew their legitimacy from their achievents during the war and the army doctrine effectively became one of pre-planed nation-wide partisan resistance . 
  the entire yugoslav state existed on the collective memory of the resistance movement . 
  once tito and the partisan generation became old or died , the `` yugoslav dream '' of equal nations living together fell apart as well , giving way to nationalism and infighting . 
  i meant the equilateral one . 
  i have personally never seen it used for anything but white supremacy in my country . 
   in fact has been released this year after serving only 8 years in jail 2003 - 2014 sounds like 11 years , not 8 . 
  i ca n't comment on the case , since i 'm not familiar with it , but from the looks of it , the assassin was not a member of any political party , nor a member of any terrorist `` left wing activist group '' that promoted such actions . 
   it 's a bold statement on yours to claim that these things are never perpetrated by left wing extremists what in the world are you on about ? 
  point me exactly to the post and sentance where i claimed that . 
  please . 
  because i 'm well aware of the left-wing terrorism that existed in europe during the 70ies  because nearly all of them recruit directly from these groups . 
   pretty much every left wing `` activist '' group is a terrorist organisation what i claimed was that these two incredibly generalised statements are very bold to make , and that you better provide some evidence for them . 
   if this is terrorism , then pretty much every left wing `` activist '' group is a terrorist organisation . 
  which does n't bode well for left wing parties , because nearly all of them recruit directly from these groups . 
  that is a very bold statement to make without providing some prominent examples . 
  no not really . 
  there is a world of difference between being poor and stealing , and being simply fed-up with people . 
  poverty can mean your life is threatened , being fed-up not so much . 
  uh ... yes ? 
  they are a centre-right pary ... 
  which is funny , considering both your government and the german government has been led by right wing parties for a while . 
  immigrants comming ? 
  blame the left . 
  right wing terrorism ? 
  blame the left . 
  right wing parties in power do nothing ? 
  blame the left . 
  mate , when people say `` people commit crimes because they are poor '' they are n't saying that we should n't persecute them for their crimes , they are saying we should try to solve the underlying problem of that community - poverty . 
  is it in their national interest to enforce it ? 
  redpill as well . 
  funny how it 's allways the whole shebang . 
  that 's quite the slippery slope you have there . 
  they are however very efficient . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how the hell can you completly misunderstand the point of that article ? 
  it 's not the lack of political will , it 's the fact that we live in a modern nation where you have to legaly convict a person to imprison him . 
  read what / u/latvis posted above . 
  many of these things are not failures of intelligence services . 
  there are however , significant problems finding the legal basis to persecute and imprison people based on their private opinion .
