  here is a part of it , i ca n't find the video of the full statement by the russian mod . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cs8jdjksgo found some more of it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgljfoibkqw, 
  you poles sure love your flags . 
  iirc the problem is that egypt can only deploy a limited number of troops on the peninsula as a result of a peace treaty with israel . 
  is there anything wrong if somebody would follow you in real life and write down where you went , who you met and what you did , every day of your life ? 
   `` risk of poverty '' itself is such a weasel term that it should be rejected outright . 
  not really . 
  it 's well defined . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/glossary:at-risk-of-poverty_rate http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/glossary:at_risk_of_poverty_or_social_exclusion_%28arope%29 http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/people_at_risk_of_poverty_or_social_exclusion, 
   german is the most spoken language in europe after english ? 
  or do you mean as a first language ? 
  because i 'm not sure that 's right , it might be russian ( wiki says so as well ) . 
  fuck off with your shit stirring . 
  stop spamming your subreddit promotions . 
  almost nothing , surprisingly enough . 
  the biggest right wing party was the driving force behind joining the eu , so they generally do n't complain much about it , and the current biggest party ( centrist ) loves mostly anything europe does . 
  the left sometimes comlains about european neo-liberalism , but it 's not really brought up that much . 
  yeah i 'm never sure with this guy either . 
  agreed . 
  from the article :  `` the tweets were never a credible threat and while ms mustafa might have offended some people , that alone should never be enough for prosecution , '' it 's bizzare how reddit would virluently defend this statement if it did n't involve a person they disagreed with . 
  a `` diversity officer '' on a power trip is somehow the worst human being alive ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  who upvotes this shit ? 
  how is one asshole in britain the worst human alive , when we have things like isis beheadings , political leaders murdering journalists , violent drug wars , etc. . on the news every day . 
  get some perspective man . 
  * envious ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  he 's talking about syrian refugees outside of syria , not migrants coming to europe ( which is what your infographic is about ) . 
  imo direct democracy ( ie referendums ) works best on simple questions , like legalisation of drugs , gay marriage , etc. 
  for policies that require long term planning and execution , like tax rates , infrastructure project , etc. 
  representative democracies are better . 
  i think it 's a culture problem . 
  people made the decision to join the eu and accept another government above ( or in parallel to ) theirs , but made almost no attempt to educate themselves and their children about it , and to participate in it . 
  read his comments in this thread . 
  he 's convinced that snowden is a russian spy who worked his way into the american inteligence services . 
  i invoke poes law . 
  i think he meant hang in a metaphorical sense . 
  who knew , you were right . 
  all over the thread . 
  you , however , forgot their favourite line : `` it 's the left 's fault '', 
   what do you mean ? 
  some police units that were sent to the border were not given anything to eat , so locals had to cook food for them volutarily . 
   afaik you registered everyone crossing through yes most of the migrants were registered and moved to the holding centres , from which most moved on immediately ( as they are allowed by law ) . 
   i would n't be worried about slovenia 's intentions , our government is committed to protecting the schengen border . 
  our minister of interior has declared that if we begin recieving more than a few thousand migrants a day , we will not be able to handle it , and since i do n't expect croatia to start handling them , austria will most likely have to pull some weight . 
  i just hope the embarassing police logistics situation is n't repeated this time . 
  well that 's not ... the usual meaning of this meme . 
   they 're also far more fond of riots , breaking and entering , industrial sabotage , and arson than their right wing equivalents you have any stats on that ? 
  ( i 'm not being sarcastic here i 'm honestly looking for any study done on the topic ), 
  horseshoe theory is about extremes . 
  social democrats and libertarians are not extreme positions . 
   i ca n't think of anything good about left wing extremists . 
  they do n't beat the shit out of people ? 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but i 've not heard of any significant left-wing extremist violence in the west , while right wing violence still has a significant presence ( attacks on gay activists , etc. ) . 
  i do n't how the hell you can define people telling you to `` check your privilege '' ( not that i 've ever heard anyone actually say that - and i hang out with mostly leftists ) as left-wing extremism , when right-wing extremism means activists getting their heads kicked in . 
  for you, 
  the post titles on / r/europe remind me of stereotypical daily mail titles lately . 
  it 's unreal how quickly the entire subreddit turned into click-bait titles and migrant-rage . 
  while i 'm not a fan of fsa and other rebels ( besides sdf ) , i think you 're being completely dishonest regarding assad . 
  his mukhabarat is one of the more brutal in the region and suppresses any political dissent . 
  it 's one of the reasons there is a war in syria . 
  russia pulled the same stunt in 2008 . 
  they invaded georgia , than waited for obama to take office . 
  the first thing obama tasked hrc with was normalising relations with russia . 
  and the relationship stayed mostly lukewarm , until the ukraine crisis . 
   shakira law hips be upon her . 
  i mean his manifesto was basically just compiled core / pol / beliefs . 
  it 's not like we have n't read anything like it before . 
  iirc from the last time i was there , the shopping centre is near a low income/immigrant neighborhood , right next to olympia park . 
  also police are reporting it as a rampage , not a terrorist attack ( perhaps no chants etc. ) . 
  we should probably wait and see . 
  germans itt :  make italy first french itt :  make spain first it 's like a metaphor for the major weakness of the eu lol . 
   african-american  american * eye twitch *, 
  what is this brilliant thing i 'm watching ? 
  script machine translated into chinese and than back ? 
   when the car starts rolling why would it start rolling ? 
  i highly doubt he 's in gear , when his left leg is outside of the car . 
  you 're assuming that the system does n't shape the culture . 
  it 's likely that political culture would shift under a new system . 
  it would probably be easier to just move it to a sunday no ? 
  it 's easy tearing down things others have painstakingly set up . 
  that 's what populists are all about - easy victories . 
  yes , because the middle east is such a peacefully place right now thanks to all the carriers stationed in the med & persian gulf over the years . 
  / r/europe upvoting a man who 's history contains brilliant and thought provoking questions like `` why eastern europeans think they are white ? '' . 
  why am i not surprised . 
   children do n't need to consent to medical procedures , they never have to . 
  i do n't know about germany , but where i 'm from consent must be given for any treatment . 
  an adult gives consent himself ( if he ca n't next of kin do ) and parents give consent for their child . 
  that 's what a male life expectancy of 64 years does to demographics . 
  good reference . 
  the best thing about it , is how easily you can recognise the copypasta in any language . 
  yes , until the tito-stalin split was mended by stalin 's death , after which yugoslavia cut off its support . 
   perhaps they only see it as '' less aggressive '' because russia , a poorer country , prefers to resort to hybrid wars instead of regular war no it 's because its wars and conflicts are mostly contained to russian `` near abroad '' or are internal to russia , so they have less to fear from russia . 
  and no , russian war is about as a `` regular war '' as you can get . 
  look at what they did to grozny . 
  if you take your list from wikipedia all but two wars are in the near abroad area . 
  the remaining two are the syrian war where russian efforts are supported by a large chunk of people and the guinea-bissau war , which i 've yet to find any evidence of russian forces participating in . 
  that list does n't spell danger to us , it spells an incompetent military desperately trying to keep a country together . 
  most people would n't be able to even point a rough location of most of the locations on that list . 
  compare this to wiki 's usa list ( which is incomplete ) : panama , kuwait , somalia , haiti , bosnia , kosovo , afghanistan , iraq , pakistan , libya , syria , nigeria , yemen , plus a quite few others where usa has used drone strikes or various specops . 
  that 's a resume that makes it seem like a nation that 's not just aggressive , but aggressive all around the world .
