  ksa actively promotes their extremist islamic sect around the world with millions of dollars . 
  they have turned islam in numerous countries from its semi-tolerant version to its extreme interpretation . 
  since i just posted about it elsewhere i 'd figure i 'd repost :  [ the obama doctrine ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/04/the-obama-doctrine/471525/ ) by jeffrey goldberg ( it 's linked in your link ) is a must read . 
  it 's been the source on numerous articles on obama recently . 
  it 's very long but offers real insight into obama 's thinking and policy decisions . 
   one of my favorite sections in the article that are related to the issue here , especially the indonesia part :   in private encounters with other world leaders , obama has argued that there will be no comprehensive solution to islamist terrorism until islam reconciles itself to modernity and undergoes some of the reforms that have changed christianity . 
    though he has argued , controversially , that the middle east 's conflicts `` date back millennia , '' he also believes that the intensified muslim fury of recent years was encouraged by countries considered friends of the u.s. 
  in a meeting during apec with malcolm turnbull , the new prime minister of australia , obama described how he has watched indonesia gradually move from a relaxed , syncretistic islam to a more fundamentalist , unforgiving interpretation ; large numbers of indonesian women , he observed , have now adopted the hijab , the muslim head covering . 
    why , turnbull asked , was this happening ? 
    because , obama answered , the saudis and other gulf arabs have funneled money , and large numbers of imams and teachers , into the country . 
  in the 1990s , the saudis heavily funded wahhabist madrassas , seminaries that teach the fundamentalist version of islam favored by the saudi ruling family , obama told turnbull . 
  today , islam in indonesia is much more arab in orientation than it was when he lived there , he said . 
    `` are n't the saudis your friends ? , '' turnbull asked . 
    obama smiled . 
  `` it 's complicated , '' he said . 
  i thought the panicking around new year , when they canceled public celebrations was way overblown . 
  turns out there it 's plausible there was a great danger even back then . 
  that many europeans disagree with them ? 
  that it 's causing economic damage to smaller economies in the eu ? 
  an exclusion zone with a radius of ~ 40 kilometers is not negligible thing . 
  the fukushima disaster left a profound mark on many japanese people . 
  i find it hilarious that your link directly contradicts what you said :  it measured as a level 6 disaster on the international nuclear event scale , [ 1 ] making it the third most serious nuclear accident ever recorded , behind the fukushima daiichi nuclear disaster and the chernobyl disaster ( both level 7 on the ines ) . 
  there is more to a nuclear disaster than the immediate death toll . 
  hehe i was about to post that . 
  shit i 've never heard of wiper before . 
  i just use fb messenger . 
  loud wind noises . 
  i 'm honestly curious what caused the significantly lower birth rate in france than in other states during the 19th century ? 
  industrialized the ussr , and won the war , both of which entrenched the soviet union as a superpower . 
  under communists ussr grew from a largely agrarian state , to a state , who 's industrial output matched that of germany by the start of the war . 
  the great patriotic war was the largest , most bloody front in the history of armed warfare . 
  for clarity , he said that in relation to tolerance of islamic extremism . 
  any member of the union can block countries being accepted into the union iirc . 
  unless spain accepts it 's independence it 's most likely not welcome . 
   they should help the greece . 
  this is where help is needed . 
  i 'm fairly sure european leaders have sort of given up on greece . 
  remember last years bailout ? 
  [ they are about to need a new one very soon ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/new-greek-bailout-same-as-old-merkel-tsipras-imf-economy/ ) . 
  austerity measures , and now the migrant crisis are putting way too much strain on their finances . 
  which is why i said russia has to be aggressive . 
  defense using scorched earth tactics was the only thing they had , so capturing and holding large amounts of land was the best tactic . 
  they could n't use mountains or other terrain features to defend , since the european plain is a highway from france to russia . 
  the infrastructure was mostly fine in western russia before ww2 , the russians just made sure to destroy or take anything that the germans could use . 
  what also helped was the incompatibility between soviet and german railways , which meant that germans could n't use any soviet rail and had to build their own . 
  i was referring more to carting troops to the far east and back trough siberia . 
  if japan invaded the far east siberia , managing both fronts would be, 
  i think you 're being a bit dismissive about russian problems and the advantages of other countries . 
   loads of resources true enough  access to the med , pacific , and atlantic access to seas has always been a major issue of russian states . 
  of its four access points to the sea , one is controlled by denmark , one is controlled by turkey , and the other two ( north sea and pacific ocean ) have a tendency to freeze during winter , which makes them inoperable . 
  it 's one of the major reasons why usa had control of the seas during the cold war . 
   vast amounts of land which is actually also a major downside . 
  one of the reasons why russia is so aggressive in its foreign policy ( and consequently why it 's so hated in the west ) is that through its history it had to contend with large borders with hostile states , and no meaningful defensible land to speak of on many of them . 
  to the north and west were the finns , scandinavians , germans and poles , and no defensible land , to the south turkey , persia , mongolia , and during the great game britain . 
  in the far east they had to contend with china and japan . 
  the huge amounts of land to cover and very inhospitable land in between were a nightmare to defend and is completely incomparable to any to usa by canada or mexico . 
  as for japan and uk , they were able to withstand major powers near them precisely because they were islands . 
   aside from maybe japan failing to get her fertility rates up a slight nitpick , but the western world would be following suit , if we were n't delaying the problem by importing large amounts of immigrants . 
  yeah erasmus is a fuckfest tbh . 
   i like how putinbots are evolved . 
  yes great argument there . 
  if somebody disagrees with you or says something bad about your country they are automatically a shill , putinbot or any other topical insult . 
  like / u/temperok wrote , minsk specifically demands point # 11 be implemented before # 9 . 
  no , your comment quoting without context is the dishonest one . 
  he is talking about the minsk agreement , and you are purposefully ignoring the rest of his comment to soap-box your grievances with russia . 
   you keep the dogs locked in the room not to upset your guests somebody should have told that to putin , when merkel came around . 
   politics have been influencing the media in poland since 1989 i 'm pretty sure the media were influenced even before that . 
  not since their leaders were `` suicided '' in their prison cells . 
  i actually believe that the cape town was justified . 
  there were plenty of people here who supported the removal of the statues of lenin from the baltic states and poland . 
  they both represent years of occupation , and in both cases the people are ( imo ) right to demand them to be removed . 
  which is the only major european country with a left government in the past few years . 
  welcome to new / r/europe , where facts do n't matter and it 's all the lefts fault . 
  that 's absurd . 
  if it was refugee snow it would have stopped in the first country without gulf stream - poland . 
  instead it traveled all the way to turkey . 
  it 's simple , this is not refugee snow , its economic migrant snow . 
  belgium was in total panic after the paris attacks , now this . 
  what is going on ? 
  i 'm wondering whats going on in their intelligence services . 
  are these legitimate threats , or just fear mongering ? 
  [ lel ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/30/belgian-soldiers-police-held-orgy-during-brussels-lockdown ) , belguim does it in style . 
  nice find . 
  it brings some perspective too . 
  i thought for a second there was over 1.5 meters of water on the streets . 
  from here it seems it 's actually `` just '' half a metre . 
  look i 'm not trying to white-wash what assad has done . 
  what i 'm saying is that usa is getting caught in the same trap as they did in afghanistan . 
  they are white-washing the crimes of different opposition groups , to get them into their anti-is coalition , not realizing that these islamists are not very far , ideologically , from is . 
  islamist rebels will not be satisfied with a democracy . 
  they want a sharia based islamic state . 
  will usa invade syria in 20 years , like they did afghanistan , when it turned out countries led by islamic extremists support islamic terrorism ? 
  i 'm hoping that sdf does n't turn out to be filled with islamic lunatics as well , because it seems like one of the few groups that has not committed any serious war crimes . 
  sadly i just do n't see a bright future for syria . 
  also , to argue semantics , that 's mass murder , not genocide . 
  read [ this ] ( http://www.joshualandis.com/blog/zahran-alloush/ ) , it explains it a bit more . 
  it also goes into the similarities between his ideology and al-nusra 's ideology . 
  ( or just google his name , there is plenty to read . 
  he was an important figure in the scw ), 
  at 3:15 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhlazmjqvme the wiki for jaysh al-islam has a bunch more of his quotes .
