  now , i 'm not sure why you 'd prefer a failing state as an ally , rather than a superpower , but that 's a different question . 
  ( sorry for the rant , that wiki list has been bothering me for a while ), 
   certainly no mass killings , but prison or exile . 
  / r/europe upvoting calls for ethnic cleansing . 
  yay !, 
   homicide rate and gun ownership are completely uncorrelated . 
  that 's blatantly false . 
  a cursory web search will reveal more then enough peer reviewed studies that show a correlation between high gun ownership and overall homicide rate . 
   well right now only the criminals have easy access to firearms . 
  this fallacy again . 
  stats show again and again that enacting stronger gun-laws decreases gun related deaths . 
  restricting access to firearms makes the black market harder to operate , so no , they do n't have ** easy ** access to firearms . 
  and no , criminals are not the only ones with guns . 
  police are armed as well as well . 
   and if the victims were armed , such lowly cretins would n't assault them . 
  so your answer is not more preventive and police actions but to arm everyone with a gun ? 
  how about we do n't turn our cities into war zones eh ? 
  because the penalty for vandalism is not death . 
  proof ? 
  i 've never seen somebody use a chinese flag here before . 
  rare . 
   pgp key it 's a way to identify yourself . 
  you have two keys ( just really long numbers generally ) - one for encrypting and one for decrypting . 
  the two keys are uniquely paired , which means that anything encrypted with one of the keys , can only be decrypted by the other key . 
  the way to sign things and identify yourself is to publish one of the keys ( called a public key ) and keep one ( a private key ) . 
  than encrypt something with your private key and publish it . 
  people can then use your public key do decrypt it , and verify that you were the one to encrypt it and therefore are the holder of the private key . 
   warrant canary or a subpoena subpoena is just a court order to testify or give over data . 
  many subpoenas force secrecy i.e. 
  you ca n't disclose you 've been subpoenaed . 
  a warrant canary is an inverse of that . 
  you keep publishing a `` canary '' stating we have n't been subpoenaed , unless you get subpoenaed , so your customers can figure it out . 
  it 's pretty funny actually , i 've seen similar in the scw sphere . 
  pro-assad tweeps and redditors were cheering for trump . 
  i 've seen redditors with hezbollah flairs cheering trump ffs . 
  meanwhile he was staffing his admin with pro-israeli , anti-iranian hardliners , who 'll turn on assad and iran at the first possible moment . 
   if we did n't vote for stupid shit . 
  it 's your voting system that encourages you to vote for shit . 
  russia supplies a large chunk of german energy demands . 
  german economy lives and dies by russian oil , until a replacement source comes along . 
  you mean single males living and `` studying '' in our mothers basements ? 
  i love nothing more than a good protest against corruption . 
  it 's an american military thing . 
  pence would just be bush jr. 2 . 
  they jumped ~ 2007 , but if you look at future projections , they are expected to drop soon . 
   right now it looks like the government is basically just waiting for those older people with large pensions to die off and those who are yet to retire , will do so under not so generous conditions . 
  the problem is that then you have a bunch of pensioners living in poverty which just moves the costs from pensions to social support . 
  secondly , we are also losing a large chunk of workforce , without replacing it . 
  if you look at individual generations on the pyramid , you can see that the retiring generations are ~ 10k larger then the younger generations . 
  the slovenian workforce consists of ~ 900k people . 
  add all the people retiring before the final retiring age and you 're shrinking the workforce by 1-2 % a year . 
  and the total births are decreasing every year . 
  here 's [ our expenditures by function ] ( http://www.stat.si/statweb/en/show-news?id=5704&amp;idp=1&amp;headerbar=10 ) . 
  a large chunk of this is the horrible pension system , that 's bound to collapse in the coming years ( see [ our age pyramid ] ( http://www.stat.si/poppiramida/eng/piramida2.asp ) to understand why ) , unless someone can form a government without the pensioners party and enact a pension reform . 
  not true . 
  respected predictors gave trump 20-30 % odds of victory . 
  i did n't even know we had life imprisonment tbh . 
  i always thought it was max 30 years . 
  turns out in was enacted in 2008 ( i do vaguely remember the discussion about it back then ) . 
  we 'll probably go back to 30 max in the next few years , since in the past 8 years it was never actually used . 
  we have a border dispute with croatia , and nobody stopped us . 
  i do n't know mate , i did n't make the poster . 
  yeah . 
  that 's what i said . 
  he 's an icon in slovenia not austria . 
  the picture depicts kekec , a cultural icon in slovenia . 
  yes , no , no and nobody ( in that order ) . 
  jeremy corbyn is not a leader or a member of any government . 
  over half of european governments are right wing . 
  i 'm sorry , if you consider mussolini to be centrist , the rest of the world does n't . 
  4 . who are you kidding here ? 
  lol , are you a meme ? 
  ffs you ca n't educate people to recognise photoshopped images . 
  that 's the point of it - you ca n't tell the person is gone . 
  i 'm sorry , but i refuse to tolerate intolerance . 
  of course . 
  alt-rightists , / r/the _ donald and other scum decided that they need to `` red-pill '' europe . 
  they see / r/europe as a nice and juicy target . 
  in fact , the op of this very thread is an alt-right shitposter . 
  pls no . 
  your country is up next is n't it ? 
  praise our dear leader jj . 
   so do n't critize trump or farage for using their rights and opportunities . 
  it 's just a con of democracy . 
  fuck that noise . 
  i 'll criticise them for lying and spreading fear . 
  just because they can do it , does n't mean we should be okay with them doing it . 
  you link does n't actually show anything if you follow it . 
  you need to search the page through google , then it 'll work . 
  that list also does n't have any small countries . 
  we have a hilarious situation in slovenia , where the party that constantly complains about communists , is the only remaining party in our parliament to actually have ex-communists as members ( and also as a leader ) . 
  i 'm not sure where the red came from ... our coalition is formed by three parties : a centrist one , a social democratic one and whatever the fuck desus is supposed to be . 
  why does nigel have this mouth open , squinted eyes laugh in almost all his pictures ? 
  yes he is . 
  all his posturing in the eu parliament is done for the home crowd . 
  they love him back in the uk . 
  to the rest of us he just sounds like an obnoxious arsehole . 
  e : sorry for lumping all brits into one group . 
  i meant certain groups love him . 
  i think westerlands , riverlands , stormlands and crownlands are all supposed to be england ( kl would be london ) .
