  irish controlled air space extends out half way across the atlantic . 
  virtually all air traffic from north america comes through it so we ca n't realistically deny anyone acces . 
  also since we are neutral we allow almost any nation use our airspace once they ask . 
  it can be the us , russian , china or anyone . 
  the only restriction is that no armed aircraft can enter or weapons can be carried unless the foreign nation can prove it 's not going to a war zone and is only for training . 
  this is hard to enforce for carried weapons unless they search every aircraft . 
  it as all issues there is split between the republicans and unionists . 
  republicans are pro eu and unionists are anti eu, 
  we got a complimentary goal for been the best craic at the euros . 
  france criticising any eu country for screwing others by having companies pay less tax is so hypocritical . 
  at least we are honest about it unlike france who have a high tax but give a tax break for everything to undercut most other nations . 
  until recently dell computers manufacturing division accounted for 4 % of irish gdp . 
  st. patrick 's day . 
  our national holiday celebrated across the whole world . 
  we win this dick measuring contest :d, 
  yeah . 
  off the top of my head i can see 8 or 9 that are based in ireland each with a few thousand employees here . 
  yes , i know we are not technically neutral but we are recognised globally as such . 
  that comment was in a thread explaining why we could work with other nations militaries . 
  also touche , 
  not really , ireland , malta , austria and sweden are all recognised globally as neutral states and all in the eu . 
  most per capita . 
  woooooooo we sort of win :p, 
  remember the good o'leary . 
  days of military expenditure in the 1940 's . 
  we had an army of over 107,000 troops , well over 100 fighters and an actual navy . 
  those were the days . 
  wait until ireland publishes theirs . 
  we had over 9 % growth last quarter , literally off the chart in this report . 
  eastern eu not eastern europe ... . it 's an improvement :p, 
  do you have any evidence of eu bribery . 
  i have n't heard that one before . 
  in all fairness though european governments these days are no way antisemitic . 
  they just do n't like your government . 
  too many people ca n't seem to tell the difference on both sides . 
  it 's ridiculous how bad the broadband infrastructure is outside the cities . 
  i 'm in dublin and get the now basic 240mbps connection in my area with upc and have the option to get 1gbps from eir since last month . 
  yet just a few miles away your lucky to get 10mbps : /, 
  fun fact : anglo irish bank hq is now a starbucks, 
  any irish citizen ( from the republic or the north ) who lives in the uk has the right to vote and is not considered a foreigner . 
  we have all the same rights as a uk citizen and the same goes for uk citizens living in ireland ( except they ca n't vote for our president but we ca n't choose the king or queen so that 's fair enough ) . 
  this is because of how closely tied our 2 countries are so yes irish citizens in ni can vote along with irish citizens in all parts of the uk . 
  the irish government is actively encouraging them to vote to remain as the irish vote accounts for several hundred thousand votes . 
  we are two independent nations with a not to great history but thankfully we are now great allies . 
  because of this history we are both tied closer together than any two other nations in the eu . 
  the irish government even has a voice in the affairs of ni for example when the ni government could not decide on a budget last year our pm and the british pm went to belfast to help negotiate one . 
   drilling down into the figures is revealing and - perhaps for some - surprising ... just 14pc were jobless emigration does n't have as big an effect on the unemployment rates as you would expect http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/irish-migration-gain-or-drain-31505095.html, 
  ireland conservative ... ha you might want to actually look up something about ireland other than us movies portraying an outdated stereotype . 
  how about you do n't edit the headline . 
  no , here in ireland we like self inflicted increased taxation . 
  us politics summed up, 
  nah it 's just the north . 
  ireland and the rest of the uk get along great now . 
  do n't worry we do n't really understand how that happened either :p, 
  [ the central bank of ireland ] ( http://solvencyiiwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/central-bank-of-ireland.jpg ) is also an unusual building . 
  it has a central pillar and each floor of the building is suspended from its roof . 
  so each floor is hanging from those black beams in the photo . 
  because that insinuates we have a drinking problem :p, 
  we have virtually no natural resources or indigenous industry 's . 
  our economy is mostly dependent on international companies and trade such as pharmaceutical , it etc. 
  we have the world 's most globalized economy . 
  so since we are so small as the world economy grows ours rockets up , if it has a little dip we have a big one . 
  this is overly simplified but essentially how we achieved over 7 % growth last year . 
  edit : spelling, 
  last year and group of over a dozen us students tried to come to ireland as missionaries to spread christianity since they thought we had strayed to far from their stereotype of a christian country ... . there visas were denied . 
  turn the gypsies stereotype into a reason to go there , we have done a great job of making alcoholism a great reason to come here , 
  no we accidentally legalised all drugs for 24 hours ... good times . 
  before all of the comments about ireland i 'll give some context to our law . 
  it was not that long ago a very conservative country , the right to life for the unborn was engrained into our constitution decades ago . 
  our constitution can not be amended in any way without a national referendum where the majority vote in favour of the amendment . 
  in recent years ireland has become very liberal . 
  we have very good transgender rights , we voted to change our constitution and engrained the right for any two persons in love to marry no matter whatever their sexual orientation is . 
  in the last 2 decades ireland has gone through huge change and the separation of church and state however you ca n't change everything at once . 
  abortion is the last big thing to change . 
  the vote for equal marriage had no negatives in the campaign , a referendum on abortion however will not be as nice as the conservative mostly older population believe it is murder , the campaign will be horrible with outlandship claims of murder . 
  the majority of the population is in favour of changing our constitution to allow abortion and a national assembly is currently discussing how best to change it ( phrasing for the constitution etc ) and we will likely have a referendum in 2018 to change our abortion laws . 
  tldr : change takes time and we are trying . 
  before all of the comments about ireland i 'll give some context to our law . 
  it was not that long ago a very conservative country , the right to life for the unborn was engrained into our constitution decades ago . 
  our constitution can not be amended in any way without a national referendum where the majority vote in favour of the amendment . 
  in recent years ireland has become very liberal . 
  we have very good transgender rights , we voted to change our constitution and engrained the right for any two persons in love to marry no matter whatever their sexual orientation is . 
  in the last 2 decades ireland has gone through huge change and the separation of church and state however you ca n't change everything at once . 
  abortion is the last big thing to change . 
  the vote for equal marriage had no negatives in the campaign , a referendum on abortion however will not be as nice as the conservative mostly older population believe it is murder , the campaign will be horrible with outlandship claims of murder . 
  the majority of the population is in favour of changing our constitution to allow abortion and a national assembly is currently discussing how best to change it ( phrasing for the constitution etc ) and we will likely have a referendum in 2018 to change our abortion laws . 
  tldr : change takes time and we are trying . 
  dat bridge !, 
  this is just the republica , protestants only make up 2 % of the population and there is no divide . 
  the north though is a different story . 
  clearly never walked a night through some parts of belfast . 
  i find it interesting that no british media outlet can just say ` ireland ' and instead always uses some descriptor instead of the countries name . 
  for example in this article the chart names several countries and then just says `` irish replublic '' in the middle . 
  it 's like if we always called the uk the `` british constitutional monarchy '' . 
  woosh, 
  yeah how will the poor uk survive, 
  actually ryanair europe biggest airline does n't fly to north america . 
  only does domestic eu routes . 
  actually it came out this year that the cia actually armed the ira . 
  ca n't give a source now as i 'm on my mobile in a pub ( yes i know it 's a stereotype ) .
