  since the 1990 's we have legalised divorce , gay marriage , legalised contraception ( 1978 ) , introduced transgender rights and much more . 
  the state would once never go against the church but now we have almost completely separated the church from the state with the church having virtually no influence on the government . 
  a referendum on abortion will be a must for the next government here and promises of a referendum will play a big part in the election in the new year . 
  the other topic will be the removal of the church from schools . 
  the last area in ireland where the church has some influence . 
  i can see both these issues been resolved within the decade as irish people generally no longer care about the church or religion and the older generations have less and less influence . 
  rip ireland, 
  also never expect a cavan man to pay for anything, 
  outside of dublin soccer is nowhere near gaa in players or participation and 3/4 of the population live outside of dublin, 
  gaelic football and hurling are number 1 and 2 here . 
  soccer is third, 
  try and troll a bit harder if you can, 
  republic of ireland is the official description to distinguish between ireland the state and ireland the island, 
  that makes sense . 
  still it 's a massive investment . 
  no offence but where is lithuania getting $ 599 million for this . 
  wikipedia says the total yearly budget for the lithuanian army is $ 652 million so 92 % of the budget on one purchase . 
  ( i know wikipedia ... ), 
  this does n't make sense to me either . 
  who blames the eu for crashing the economy , does n't everyone blame the fianna fail government . 
  irelands gnp greater than that of the uk and is a better measure if wealth as it excludes those multinationals and only takes into account money the state actually has so ... . ireland is in fact much wealthier than the uk currently . 
  yes , all commemorate coins can be used as valid currency . 
  it 's a commemorative coin for the 10th anniversary of the euro . 
  the chosen design used on this coin was by a 5 or 6 year old school boy . 
  http://www.coin-database.com/coins/2-euro-10th-anniversary-of-the-introduction-of-the-euro-eurozone.html http://www.coin-database.com/series/eurozone-commemorative-2-euro-coins-2-euro.html, 
  and yet we are one of the safest countries in the world to drive in . 
  st. patrick 's day and guinness ... . so alcohol and alcohol : /, 
  they do n't exist in ireland . 
  concrete houses are better for keeping in the warmth . 
  also i think wooden frame houses would fail fire safety tests here which are very strict . 
  this is what we call football or gaelic football https://youtu.be/raqbo1gimqk, 
  the british army is now receiving training from the irish defence forces on how to carry out peacekeeping missions as the idf has been primarily used for un peacekeeping missions for over 50 years . 
  this is part of the first ever military agreement between ireland and the uk , the british army gets training from ireland and ireland gets to buy equipment with the uk and benefit from the savings of bulk orders . 
  ireland was n't a very wealthy country prior to the 21st century ( one of if not the poorest in western europe ) , the eu poured funding into us to build infrastructure throughout ireland and made us a very wealthy nation . 
  we were supposed to become a net contributor as the recession hit and now we are just getting back from that and then brexit . 
  just as we were becoming a net contributor to the eu ... brexit . 
  you ca n't write this shit !, 
  you are now dead to me denmark ... . dead !!!, 
  from the outside it 's entertaining as fuck to watch when its not happening to you . 
  woooooooo it just keeps falling . 
  to think how high it was a few years ago . 
  ireland also stays put , we 're stubborn that way . 
  the fact that there is a bot specifically for this speaks volumes . 
  things can change fast . 
  i live in dublin and went from barely 15mb for $ 50 a month to 1gb for $ 39.99 in the last year with virginia media . 
  i was i 'm prague and it was similarly cheap . 
  in dublin it costs me $ 20 to go 4km in a taxi . 
  i do n't know who wrote this article but from everything i 've ever experienced here we are n't of the opinion it 's us vs france and germany . 
  people are generally more of the opinion to work together to improve the eu, 
  common enough here in ireland . 
  no , after a decade scotland will be established as a independent nation also an independent scotland will be linked very closely to the uk in many ways . 
  for example ireland left on very bad terms but we kept all trade , freedom of movement , voting rights and much more which we still have to this day . 
  an independent scotland if they wish will be still unbelievably close to the remaining uk . 
  as someone from mayo near corrib those protests were not all peaceful . 
  the gardai there had a hard time and several were injured and they showed huge restraint at times . 
  lads it 's a picture of a fucking church not op reclaiming the north for the republic . 
  relax in the comments please , 
  afghanistan was an aggressive war , and invasion of country . 
  the others are countries which suffered civil wars or a conflict that left the country unstable and these countries asked for un assistance to stabilise them . 
  ireland was invited into those countries by their governments . 
  i 'm not a pacifist . 
  i served in the army for years . 
  i just belive we have built up a reputation and skills set as a peacekeeping military . 
  neutrality is a huge issue in ireland , there are regular protests at shannon airport to oppose foreign armies using our airports . 
  the lisbon treaty was originally rejected due to it 's impact on neutrality . 
  if the government tried to end neutrality there would be mass protests all over the country . 
  how am i acting high and might . 
  am i supposed to apologise that we live in a peaceful area and can be a non-belligerent nation . 
  also i 'm not saying other eu nations are not peaceful , i have nothing wrong with nato etc and nowhere did i say i did , i understand completely the necessity of their positions . 
  how else would you classify the difference between nato and non-belligerent nations . 
   i think non-belligerent nations are either naive or extremely selfish . 
  thats a very narrow minded view . 
  how are non-belligerent nation selfish , last i checked ireland was hugely more involved globally with troops deployed in several conflict zones , we are doing much more with our army to help other countries than estonia ever has so do n't call us selfish . 
  currently we are the only eu nation with troops in syria where they have been fired at with everything from small arms to artillery and last year a company of irish troops there rescued fijian peacekeepers held by the al-nusra front . 
  also to date over 40,000 irish tours of duty have been served in lebanon alone . 
  we have also sent hundreds of troops to congo , kosovo , cyprus , liberia , east timor and more . 
  we are by no means selfish we just do n't want to fight in wars like iraq and afghanistan . 
   defense is n't a matter where people can simply opt out of actually it is , ireland and denmark have an opt out of all eu defence policies past and future . 
  ireland rejected the lisbon treaty to get that concession . 
  eurostat shows ireland is the most supportive country of the eu by a big margin and the thought of ever leaving it is nuts but i do n't think you understand how important this to us . 
  been forced into an eu is the one thing that would defiantly result in a vote to leave the eu and we would probably leave . 
  we have no defensive pact or military agreement with any nation in the world , we have zero enemies and work hard to stay a non belligerent nation and this will never change . 
  also i do n't understand why an american is so concerned about if we join an eu army or not . 
  and about respecting the will of minority groups . 
  we already have a veto on defence policy . 
  we rejected the lisbon treaty to get it . 
  yes but ireland is n't all democratic countries . 
  we are a small peaceful country with a history of been invaded , it 's in our culture to oppose war and instead we want to use our armed forces to preserve peace in a country that has experienced a war . 
  it 's something we are very proud of . 
  i think there is a place in the eu for both non-belligerent and belligerent nations . 
  we 'll join if we can be a specialised peace keeping force like a seperate branch of the army ( preferably us and finland since we already do so much peace keeping together ) . 
  we 'll need a guarantee that our troops wo n't fight in a foreign war or we will never join . 
  yeah i have n't heard it once either . 
   we are committed to ireland and we plan to continue investing there , growing and serving our customers thank fuck for that !, 
  ok yes we have low tax but it 's us companies we attract . 
  i ca n't name one big uk or eu company that has moved here . 
  also that small google office has 3500 + employees and they announced 500 new jobs , include contracted staff and that rises to almost 6000 + people working for google in ireland . 
  by no means just some small office . 
  who the fuck wants to live in a flat , sincerely ireland . 
  well ireland did have a bit of a territorial dispute with the uk at the time with a few thousand people been killed on this island by british and irish terrorist groups hence us not sanctioning argentina .
