  most people in the area know at least 1 or 2 of the victims or injured . 
  also cnn had a structural engineer on , he said that type of balcony should hold the weight of 30 - 40 people ( much more than could ever fit onto it ) . 
  he said their had to be a structural fault in it . 
  [ waterford whispers news ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/category/worldnews ) is a brilliant one from ireland . 
  here is an article on greece not making it 's payments . 
  it is , i 'm in my 20 's and have never really used imperial measurements just the metric system . 
  most irish do n't anymore either . 
   however , what i find a tad bit annoyng is english speakers ( be it american , canadian , british ) who make little to no efforts to learn other languages , especially if they travel within europe . 
  this is n't entirely true . 
  in ireland from the age of 11-12 to 17-18 everyone in ireland learns a european language studying it almost every day in school . 
  the most common are french , spanish and german ( i learnt french ) . 
  i try to use french as much as possible when i 'm in france but when in other countries i only have english . 
  i have traveled to countries all over europe but it is impossible to learn more than a few words in each language unless you are naturally good at languages . 
  for example when you travel do you use english or learn the local languages . 
  i realised that after posting but there is a truck advertising in dublin and scotland . 
  he has one of the worst attendance and voting records of any mep in europe . 
  he does n't do anything and is joke . 
  now that 's scottish, 
  just wait for ireland 's data to be released ... 
  are you been sarcastic about finland ? 
  ca n't tell without the / s finland is the only country we really have military ties with . 
  we train together regularly , have shared bases on several un peacekeeping missions and currently the finnish-irish battalion is in lebanon . 
  because we are fucking awesome !!!, 
  but yeah it irritates irish people when an americans says `` i 'm irish '', 
  it 's the same in ireland . 
  when i was a child i was amazed to see police in spain had guns . 
  the amount of people in the czech republic ( brno ) who thought ireland was still part of the uk . 
  also i loved it there and will be going back , maybe to prague next time . 
  almost $ 60 billion of our $ 80 billion bailout loan came from the uk . 
  the remainder was from the ecb and imf . 
  * is f\u00e9idir le daoine ar / r / eoraip a bheith br\u00f3d\u00fail as a dteangacha n\u00e1isi\u00fanta * people on / r/europe can be proud of their national languages, 
  this is by far the best design i have seen so far . 
  i would be very happy to see this as the new design for / r/europe, 
  i 'm nor sure about outside dublin as i live in dublin but it is very noticeable here . 
  all the shops are very busy and you never see an empty storefront anymore . 
  you sir are an asshole, 
  unemployment in ireland fell below 10 % last month . 
  we are flying out of the recession . 
  i wonder what would have happened if the learner driver was driving a volvo instead ? 
  for anyone wondering why the first 2 say ` united kingdom of great britain and ireland ' and it is not until 1948 that it changes ` ireland ' to ` northern ireland ' . 
  that is because after ireland gained independence from the uk and was partitioned in 1922 we became a british dominion like canada and australia . 
  it took several years to completely set up the new state so it was not until 1927 that we got our own passport for the [ irish free state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_passport#/media/file:irish_free_state_passport.jpg ) . 
  after independence irish citizens also remained british citizens and so could hold both passports until ireland cut all ties to the uk and declared itself a republic in 1948 . 
  also yes we did actually name the country the [ ` irish free state ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_free_state ) until 1937 when we changed it to ` ireland ' or in irish ' \u00c9ire ', 
  as of the 2011 census 1.07 % of the irish population are muslim . 
  ** shut up ** !!!, 
  we ca n't let the imf & amp ; ecb know that 's how we are getting the money to pay them back . 
  we actually have good pensions . 
  it 's a low percentage of gdp because we have a high gdp and a small population . 
  this graph does n't take this into account . 
  he invented the first commercially successful submarine . 
  isaac perals invention was not successful . 
  it 's like henry ford is regarded as the inventor of the car because he made the first commercially successful one . 
  context : a member of the garda\u00ed ( police ) is telling the crowd how to exit a concert in slane castle . 
  ireland is the worlds largest net exporter of pharmaceuticals . 
  3 things surprisingly invented by irish people * submarine * tank * guided torpedo, 
  amazing, 
  in ireland it has fallen from 46 % in 2009 to 30 % in 2011 and from what i see here it must have fallen even more since then . 
  we helped , we are helping re-training mali 's army with you . 
  we need to store the extra food in case of famine . 
  it 's a shot in the usa and they think it 's a thing here . 
  ireland is the official name of the country not republic of ireland . 
  we are not a catholic conservative country ( we are one of the 10 most atheist countries in the world as of the 2011 cencus ) we are not * all * drunks . 
  americans this one is for you : going into a pub in ireland and ordering an ` irish car bomb ' is like an irish person going into an american bar and ordering a 9/11 . 
  seriously stop !, 
  the no campaign here received most of it 's funding from us christian organisations and most anti abortion groups get their funding from the us giving these groups a much louder voice in ireland than they should have . 
  for example the no side in the referendum could afford double the amount of posters even though they only had the support of a minority of the population . 
  i 'd say that 's people trying to enforce their views . 
  that ` double irish ' loophole where as us firm could tell the us their hq is in ireland so we pay tax there and the tell ireland our profits go to the us so we pay tax there ended in january of this year . 
  france has many other taxes that add up to more than ireland 's total taxes so they still save money coming to ireland . 
  my point is that simply creating a minimum corporation tax wo n't work . 
  the only fair way to create a minimum amount of tax companies in the eu pay is to create a universal tax system for all companies in the eu and this is not going to happen . 
  [ the irish times ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/ ), 
  ireland will never agree to this unless it is fair . 
  for example our rate is 12.5 % and we successfully collect 12.4 % of that where as france has a rate of 33.33 % but due to tax breaks and other circumstances the effective rate collected is around 7.4 % . 
  this practice has to stop in the eu before ireland will agree to a minimum tax . 
  source : http://businessetc.thejournal.ie/ireland-tax-haven-1796050-nov2014/, 
  what ? 
  * commonwealth and ireland, 
  irish citizens in the uk can vote in this referendum and i would ask all of then to go out and vote to remain in the eu . 
  it 's a few hundred thousand voted that could make a difference . 
  their has n't really been one . 
  the only reaction i 've seen was the head bishop on the news say the church has failed to react and change with the social revolution here in the past 30 years . 
  i completely agree . 
  we also voted no to lowering the age you can become president from 35 to 21 . 
  that 's what would be a problem . 
  ireland would be a open back door into the uk for the entire eu . 
  plus if the uk leaves ireland has already said it will most likely join the schengen area . 
   i gjess it is not true the other way around yes , it is unique to ni . 
  it 's because of the fact half the population identify as british and half as irish . 
  ireland and the uk are so intertwined that even though we are separate completely independent nations irish people are not legally recognized as foreigners in the uk and can vote in uk elections if you live there and have the same rights as a uk citizen and in ireland people from the uk are not recognized as foreigners and can vote in our elections if they live here even if their not citizens and have the same rights as irish citizens . 
  ( uk nationals ca n't vote in referendums or presidential elections but can for parliamentary elections ) ireland even has a say in the governing of ni so when there is a dispute in ni our government and the uk government in london meet and work out a proposition for ni . 
  this is also why ireland is afraid of the uk leaving the eu as then we have a situation of a country ( ni ) that is not in the eu but half the population are eu citizens and what happens the border and several other issues . 
  anyone born in ni is automatically able to be a citizen of the uk and ireland so as irish citizens they can get married here . 
  it 's up to ni if they will recognize it . 
  the government could have legislated for it but after discussions with several pro and anti groups it was decided with all sides agreeing a referendum was best as it would give a result no one could argue with and there would be no legal battles to dispute the decision . 
  as much as i hate sinn fein and would never vote for them i have to admit in the north they really seem to be the better party and the voice of reason . 
  they have pushed for marriage equality 3 times now and the dup blocked it . 
  when they do n't get their way on any topic sinn fein go through the democratic process to try again where as if the dup do n't get there way they always threaten to pull out of the government and end power sharing with sf and then the governments in westminster and dublin send the pm and taoiseach ( our pm ) to belfast ( not storemont as the dup refuse to enter storemont if the taoiseach is present there ) and then they have to negotiate a deal the dup will accept . 
  for example the dup refused to accept the budget last year because sf wanted to give some funding to gaelic language courses ( previously funded by dublin ) so the uk had to give the dup # 2 billion to the dup for the budget to not pull out .
