  ireland and the uk have a good arrangement for there armed forces . 
  ireland is a small elite peacekeeping force and the uk is a larger elite offensive force . 
  uk citizens can join the idf ( irish defence forces ) a surprising number have and irish citizens can join the ba ( ~ 4000 at present ) . 
  british and irish interests almost always line up . 
  we do more peacekeeping than the ba . 
  also the uk is not welcome but has an interest in some of the nations we operate in ( syria at present ) and britain gets a good supply of needed troops from ireland . 
  this arrangement benefits both countries . 
  i am a member of the df , just because we do n't have heavy tanks and fighter jets does n't mean we are badly equipped , we are just not a offensive military . 
  our military is a humanitarian peacekeeping force and is one of the best equipped with armored vehicles and the latest technology and most skilled forces in the world for the job . 
   he closest thing we got to a war was in the 60 's during the congo crisis that was a big one but we have been involved in several battles in lebanon over the years and most recently in syria . 
  the irish military is one of the un 's foremost and most experienced peacekeeping forces . 
  it is not a fighting military ( no heavy tanks , large ships or fighter jets ) it is a humanitarian force . 
  i do not believe irish people would like to see this change as we are very proud of what they do . 
  / r/ireland has several posts at the moment about the ongoing operation in syria where they have just rescued some encircled peacekeepers from an al qaeda linked terrorist group . 
  we will not join nato as there would be huge opposition from the public . 
  if finland joins nato it might effect the relationship between our armies . 
  ireland and finland train together regularly and have have done several joint missions such as the irish-finnish battalion currently in lebanon . 
  if finland abandons neutrality we may stop the training so as not to be tied to nato more than we are at present . 
  my mistake , it was the second then . 
  actually enda kenny 's national address on the difficulties of the recession and the bailout a few years ago was the first such address since ww2 . 
  this is all happening with microsoft ireland been told to hand over the data , irish law ca n't do much so microsoft and the irish government are going to go to the european court and as the us is breaking eu law . 
  have you considered neutrality ? 
  it 's a great excuse to do nothing . 
  the reason for neutrality is that even if we had conscription our army would still only be barley big enough to defend ourselves . 
  as it stands we only have ~ 10,000 full time troops in all branches . 
  we can do more as a neutral state , such as our current peacekeeping mission in syria . 
  sorry do n't know then . 
  i seen this image before , it was made before croatia joined the eu . 
  is it just me or is the belfast telegraph just printing articles that start fights lately . 
  is it trying to be controversial to sell papers ? 
  fun fact : ireland is the only foreign nation asked to become a us state . 
  ( 3 times unofficially ), 
  sure they ca n't be bombing there own citizens now , can they ? 
  seriously though it 's not a bad thing that they are taking time to make a decision before rushing into what could become another war . 
  it 's the thought that counts . 
  we learn about the french trying to help us fight britain in school here . 
  yeah , the french are a great bunch of lads . 
  that 's why we copied you flag  also the fact you sent two armies to help us fight cromwell , but one was sunk by the brits and the other landed in the wrong part of the country and got immediately surrounded and destroyed . 
  they play both ireland 's call and amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann at all rugby matches . 
  last year trade with russia was only $ 250 million and we by no gas from them . 
  the current sanctions already reduced that be almost $ 200m so another $ 50m is not very much . 
  go for it !, 
  ireland has little to zero trade with russia so if you stop trading with them you can trade with us because we now have gas , a lot of gas for sale . 
  actually google and amazon are starting construction on two large cloud server building in dublin and microsoft are building a 5000 person campus to expand there operations here . 
  the irish government has gone to the eu to raise the issue now as it effects the eu . 
  we ca n't talk for all of europe and we rely on us money more than any other eu nation so we ca n't make do anything to risk that business due to the current state of our economy . 
  the second biggest shareholder . 
  til : there was a great irish elk . 
  that would be better . 
  the uk is the only eu member that is dissatisfied , support for the eu in all other nations is so strong that they do n't even talk about leaving . 
  some nations are unhappy about some aspects but the same can be said for any type of government . 
  even if the uk leaves there are still nations lining up to enter and the euro zone is still growing and the changes introduced because of the crisis means it will emerge a much stronger currency in years to come . 
  also if scotland votes for independence they will likely join the eu as support is strong in scotland an the benefits to a small nation joining are huge . 
  ( scotland ( ~ us$ 200b 2013 ) has a smaller economy than ireland ( ~ us$ 220b 2013 ) and it 's largest city is just over half the size of dublin . ), 
  for example the eu turned ireland from western europe 's poorest nation into the worlds 4th wealthiest in 2006 . 
  scotland would be mad not to join even if the uk had left so it could just be england and wales who leave . 
  if the uk votes to leave no one will follow . 
  general opinion in ireland is that if the uk leaves we will just have to integrate more with continental europe . 
  i can not see anything that would lead to us leaving . 
  if anything it will encourage the eu to work better with the remaining members . 
  after independence ireland tied it 's currency to britain 's ( irl # 1 = uk # 1 in value ) from the 1920 's until we adopted the $ . 
  i see no reason scotland ca n't do the same . 
  only downside would be having to change currency when crossing into england but that is n't a problem for people in ni and ireland who have to do the same ( crossing from ni into irl and vice versa ) so it should n't be a problem for scotland either . 
  i like the irish wolf hound . 
  probably one of the most impressive native animals . 
  wrong country , thats wales . 
  theres not actually that many sheep here compared to other countries . 
  i would have said an irish wolf hound . 
  funny fact , all the warriors in the movie are irish army reservists and most of the movie was filmed in ireland . 
  the esa is pre-eu and is a completely separate organisation from the eu . 
  outside of dublin soccer is not even close to closing the gap . 
  inside dublin it is very close but still less popular the gaelic football . 
  do n't forget rugby , it has a huge spectator following and we are currently ranked 5 ^ th in the world . 
  i think dublin is the only county where the number of people in soccer clubs is close to gaa but even in dublin more people play gaelic football . 
  does it annoy people from romania that an irish book ( [ dracula ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dracula ) ) has created the stereotype that romania is the home of vampires or do you like it or not care ? 
  just a bit curious , 
  thats because america is a continent and the usa is a country . 
  corporation tax is the only tax we have that is lower than other european nation . 
  all of our other taxes are the same or even higher than elsewhere . 
  also after our other taxes the difference the low corporation tax really makes is closer to 9-10 % below average not the ~ 20 % the media always says and that before the cost of setting up here which is extremely expensive and most large companies have to employee people from outside ireland due to our low population . 
   some workers can work in your country with less 500 euros / month and do n't pay the employer and employee taxes thats in greece not ireland get your facts right , employee / employer taxes in ireland are very strict . 
  you clearly do n't know anything about irish history , we were a match for the britain in military strength hence it took almost 500 years to conquer us completely . 
  ireland was civilized with cities , towns and farms . 
  ireland was made up of several kingdoms with a law system that was older than yours . 
  we civilized scotland and wales when irish celts started to settle there long before you invaded hence there languages are decedents of gaelic . 
   if it was n't for us , eire would be a completely failed state . 
  since independence britain has held ireland back economically from the 1932-38 economic war ( which we won :d we got land off you ) to thatchers policies towards ireland . 
  it was finally the eu that helped ireland integrate with europe . 
  i 'm in favor of abortion been brought in here and the current law sucks ( it is very backward ) but this article is very bad , the woman was in the third trimester and piratically ready to give birth , it was way to late for an abortion . 
  when she originally asked for one she was told no as there was no reason ( such as suicide ) at the time as decided by several independent doctors she was not at any risk . 
  also how is ireland a theocracy , religious organisation where removed from state institutions a while ago , we have a bigger percentage [ atheist population ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/news/-irish-atheists-increase-by-400-percent-in-ten-years-survey-shows-237949531-239669351.html ) than the uk , our government closed the embassy in the vatican and they recalled there ambassador because of our governments anti church stance and our president is an atheist . 
  we had that long before , and because some of our other taxes are stupidly high when you account for them and the corporation tax together the effective difference between tax here and the uk is more like 9-10 % lower than 17.5 %, 
  this is a bit different , to banks this size who 's purpose in london is to do business with the whole eu why base yourself outside the eu . 
  i am thankful britain did that , but it was more to protect your own economy and the eu has turned ireland from western europe 's poorest nation to a extremely wealthy nation thanks to the benefits of been a member . 
   ireland 's aggressive tax policies our taxes are all in line with the eu apart from corporation tax at 12.5 % . 
  the media over exaggerates the situation here to the extreme . 
  if it was so bad the eu would have forced us to increase it as part of the requirements to receive our bailout . 
  our economy is currently growing faster than yours and we can borrow for less than the uk too . 
  the recession in ireland is over and we are starting to pay back the bailout loans whereas the uk is still on the verge of recession . 
  i consider myself both irish and european but i call irish when i 'm inside the europe ( because i never say i 'm irish to another irishman so why european ) and as a european when outside europe such as when in the us because that is what i consider myself and also partly because whenever i say i 'm irish in the us it results in a conversation about how they are part irish or a stupid potato joke .
