  we are commemorating the event which ultimately led to irish independence in 1921 . 
  high rises are banned in dublin without special permission as most buildings are a max of 5 stories . 
  although more and more high rises are been built in the docklands ( the financial district ) but this is n't really an area to live in . 
  do n't post any guardian article about ireland please . 
  they are always extremely biased . 
  it 's not common to have air ambulances in all countries . 
  for example ireland is so small your never really far enough away from a hospital to need one . 
  here the military provides air ambulance when needed which is mostly to emergency air lift a patient from ireland to the uk for an emergency treatment with specialists . 
  this is the first of the new beckett class ships entering service in 2014 followed by the l\u00c8 james joyce last year and soon this year by the l\u00c8 william butler yeats . 
  yeah we did  about 30 years ago : o, 
  apple are very happy where they are here : /, 
  something has to be wrong here . 
  i feel perfectly safe in ireland and rarely ever witness crime . 
  it 's so safe here we have an unarmed police force . 
  i have no idea what could be causing ireland to preform so badly . 
  and yet we have one of the world 's wealthiest lower class and more benefits than most countries . 
  yes ireland has problems but try living in even other western european countries and see how it is . 
  oh your one of those ejits who thinks everything ever was the last governments fault . 
  what level of ignorant are you, 
  no one ever remembers poor ole northern ireland, 
  look like we are going to have an unstable coalition in government . 
  i think we may have to have another election in the near future as any government formed with these results would have a good chance of collapsing after a few months or a year . 
  he lives in kildare . 
  also he has lost his indian citizenship as they do not allow dual citizenship . 
  it 's extremely well organised . 
  each constituency has several polling stations as is normal everywhere . 
  then each polling station has several stations for each area in that local . 
  so for example the table that i show my voting card at an get my voting paper will only by the people who live in my estate and the two either side of it so is only used by a few hundred people over the whole day and is staffed by w people so there is never a queue . 
  and i live in dublin the most densely populated area in ireland . 
  they have never been a large party here , i think the 2011 election was there best ever . 
  they made huge promises in that election and then entered government as the junior partner in a coalition . 
  they were not able to keep any of there promises and the did the complete opposite in some cases . 
  it 's pretty much the same situation as to what happened the liberal democrats in the uk last election . 
  labour are going to get wiped out . 
  i 'd like to see the social democrats as there new partner if they do well . 
  who do my fellow irish voters here on / r/europe want to see get elected . 
  / r/ireland seems to be very disproportionately pro sinn fein compared to the general population . 
  i 'm hoping for another fine gael led government and do not wish to see sinn fein a very left wing eurosceptic party win . 
  i would call the embassy and just ask . 
  there may be some simple explanation such as they made a mistake with that stamp , cancelled it and stamped your passport again correctly . 
  that happened to me when entering the usa . 
  ireland is one of the ten most atheist countries in the world according to our last census . 
  you ca n't just leave the eu and keep all the benefits . 
  this is a bit over dramatic but uk citizens are going to lose a lot of rights in europe they are currently entitled to . 
  the real topic should be how bill clinton could be ireland 's next president if he runs !, 
  the thing is ireland and the uk have a wierd relationship . 
  we are separate completely independent nations but citizens of the uk are not foreign citizens in ireland and have the right to vote here and almost all the rights of an irish citizens and the same goes for irish citizens in the uk . 
  we then have the situation with northern ireland where a huge portion if the population are citizens of ireland ( republic ) so there is a hugely complicated cross border relationship between ireland and the uk . 
  it 's almost like another eu like union within the eu . 
  hence the problem if the uk leaves . 
  the freedom of movement agreement between the uk and ireland ( the common travel area ) is an agreement predating and separate from the eu and is the reason we are both not in the schengan area so there should be no change in movement of people or the ability to live or work in each country . 
  it 's one of the benefits to being islands . 
  support for the eu in ireland is stronger than in any other member state ( eurostat ) . 
  there is zero chance of ireland leaving , it has n't even been discussed once as even a remote possibility by politicians . 
  the uk wo n't be leaving the eea so trade will only see a marginal drop of around 5 % . 
  ugh no it would n't, 
  well since ireland has the most globalized economy in the world i 'd say we rely on it an awful lot . 
  ireland trying to be all different with a purple box . 
  there travel visa 's not passports . 
  but still a stupid idea . 
  he 's just saying we do n't want our economy to end up like there 's . 
  any portuguese users here will agree there economy is in need of a boost and hopefully it gets one . 
  but honestly he should n't have used compared the two . 
  no explanation needed for us . 
  until the 1998 peace treaty in the north it would have been the uk . 
  but now we have a great relationship . 
  i do n't think we have any enemies or rivals . 
  the benefits of neutrality i suppose . 
  ireland has a lot of immigration . 
  one of the highest rates in europe already so been forced to take thousands more will result in a disproportionately large amount of immigration here compared to europe . 
  we generally have absolutely no problem with immigration but just do n't force huge numbers on us in a short time . 
  did the english get a right to vote in scotland 's referendum ... no of course not . 
  so why would they vote in ireland . 
  no ireland will side with the uk on this since we have a shared border . 
  unlike the rest of europe we have border controls . 
  we can keep them in or out . 
  [ we could take them !, 
  that is doing nothing , 0.05 % of gdp over 5 years is a joke . 
  just look at any source about the famine without picking points out of context . 
  i 'm not even going to bother arguing anymore with you , your ignorance is baffling . 
  the government spent # 7 million for relief in ireland between 1845 and 1850 , `` representing less than half of one percent of the british gross national product over five years . 
  millions die and this is the response https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( ireland ), 
  that was in the 1300 's almost 700 years ago and about 500 years before 1841 . 
  the population had recovered at this stage also the black death although bad was n't as severe in ireland due to its very rural population and it been and island off the continent . 
  there was a surplus of other foods in ireland but the british authorities continued to export almost all of it . 
  potatoes where effectively the only source off food available to the irish people . 
  ireland was virtually entirely a farming country . 
  all land was owned by a small number of landlords . 
  if the farmers did n't give their food to the landlord they were evicted . 
  food aid was blocked from entering ireland . 
  the ottoman empire send ships full of food aid but the royal navy blockaded them from entering ireland . 
  also the british man responsible for running ireland believed that this famine would result in a smaller more efficient population in ireland so did not actively do anything to prevent it . 
  millions were evicted from there homes adding to the severity of the famine . 
  this is why it was so much worse in ireland and is probably the biggest event in irish history to create anti british sentiment . 
  note : i 'm not bashing on britain today , they are now our greatest allie and the nation we have the best reactions with . 
  i 'm just stating the facts from the time, 
   happy to know it is still practised !, 
  [ 2015 all ireland hurling final kilkenny v galway ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwtgfwd2bne ) yeah it 's insanely popular here . 
  [ demographics of the republic of ireland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_republic_of_ireland ), 
  the west of ireland has a fairly large brazilian community that is growing fairly fast too .
