  not near a horny as us . 
  ok , last living dictator in power . 
  you mean europe 's last dictator . 
  it was suggested because most people in israel are of european heritage having moved there after ww2 . 
  this is not ok . that is way to much money for what is just a public service job for a few years . 
  even half that would be to much . 
  three is a mobile network who when they came to ireland had no infastrucure and had to rent from o2 and vodafone until there aquisition of o2 ireland earlier this year and was not a part of the national broadband scheme . 
  ireland now has 3g throughout the country with 4g in the cities and spreading so mobile broadband is far better now than several years ago when 3 came to ireland . 
  also this new scheme is a landline scheme and has nothing to do with the mobile network . 
  / r/ireland links to / r/northernireland which links to the rest of the uk . 
  i currently have upc 150mb broadband and no data limit . 
  also within 3 years the vast majority of the population should have access to this new service both in the city and rural towns and villages . 
  not just the big cities . 
  here is a map of the areas that already have the infrastructure and will get the service very quickly http://www.esb.ie/main/downloads/vodafone-esb-network-map.pdf, 
  til : uk and ireland are apparently not a part of western europe . 
  official press releases : http://www.esb.ie/main/press/pressreleasews.jsp?id=4074 http://www.dcenr.gov.ie/press+releases/2014/major+fibre+build-out+to+rural+ireland+will+be+cornerstone+of+government+strategy.htm 2 . 
  areas reciving service first : http://www.esb.ie/main/downloads/vodafone-esb-network-map.pdf 3 . 
  the esb ( eletrical supply board ) is a state company with a vast existing fiber optic infrastructure throughout ireland, 
  i did n't understand one word of that , but it was english ... i think . 
  your welcome  also poland and ireland should for some sort of alliance since the polish are now the biggest minority in ireland . 
  this is more of a current affairs sub , try / r/askeurope people should be more helpful there . 
  i for one welcome our new icelandic overlords . 
  ww1 helped to shape modern ireland . 
  during ww1 britain attempted to introduce conscription in ireland . 
  even though thousands of irish fought in the british army during the war people did not like the idea of been forced into the british army . 
  this directly resulted in the setting up of several organisations in ireland . 
  one of these was the irish volunteers ( a republican paramilitary force ) and in response to this the ulster volunteers ( a unionist paramilitary ) was formed . 
  this was the first big clash of cultures between ulster and the rest of ireland and the ulster volunteers are a big reason to ireland been divided as granting independence to all of ireland would have resulted in another war . 
  in 1916 there was a rebellion against british rule in dublin and the war of independence 1919-1921 . 
  ( note : this is a very simple overview ), 
  ireland has civil union and a great welfare system , the government and majority of the people fully support gay marriage but our constitution can not be changed without a referendum which is been held later this year or early 2015 . 
  abortion is our only real issue in equality and will probably be included in the upcoming referendum . 
  i agree , well said . 
  it is for the first 3 years of secondary school the you can choose to study a combination of chemistry , physics , biology or do none for the remaining 2-3 years . 
  yeah thats because we are part of the eu nordic battle group . 
  here 's the wikipedia page about it . 
  the dutch and german armies working together is something common between big and small nations . 
  for example the irish army is trained in the same way as the british army and if needed could be used as an extra division of the british army and both nations have a joint operation ongoing in mali to train it 's military . 
  the dutch and german unit combining is just the next step . 
  apple ireland employees more than 4000 people to run the european part of the business and some other areas . 
  they are taxed accordingly to this . 
  ireland can do nothing if the refuse to pay tax in other countries by claiming that all goods sold ( which the production and sale of has nothing to do with ireland apart from the strategy ) are somehow irish good only taxable by ireland . 
  it 's good to be irish . 
  if someone did then there wrong , the pay here is very good compared to cost of living . 
  ah i see , he is probably a 13 year old with nothing better to do . 
  this is a comment from a person who has not even spent 5 minutes looking at irish culture . 
  to me norway , sweden and finland have an identical cultures with no difference but i have never researched your cultures and you probably share a lot due to close proximity . 
  we have a lot in common with the uk but that happens when you are occupied for 800 years but our cultures are very different . 
  we speak english because the british destroyed our language by executing anyone who spoke it or practiced our religion ( hence the strong roman catholic culture ) and if you just looked it up you would see that , so do n't make a stupid comment you know nothing about . 
  also if you comment in english try to spell ireland correctly or call it by it 's gailge name ` eire ', 
  it 's not that expensive . 
  everything is almost the same price here as the rest of europe for cost of living . 
  everything just seems a lot cheaper in other countries to us because of our high wages . 
  neither have i , someone probably did it as a joke . 
  i realize some are much worse than others but every country has there own one . 
  every county elects at least 1 person like this . 
  ireland has elected a member of sinn fein a party with very strong links to the ira . 
  i know but i feel that if you do n't vote you have no right to complain . 
  actually if this trade agreement is passed trade between the us and eu will only be equal to that of our trade with china which is increasing year on year with several individual eu members signing trade agreements with china such as ireland recently did . 
  but yes the eu and us do need each other . 
  there is no way the eu is anywhere near an end , just wait till the election results and you will see that the vast majority of europeans support the eu . 
  in ireland we have council elections on friday and its easier to rearrange the eu elections as there are less candidates also for some reason any vote ever held on a weekend in ireland has had a much smaller and i mean none existent turnout . 
  maybe, 
  he 's just been argumentative . 
  english and irish are both national languages . 
  fluent irish speakers are a small minority . 
  english and irish are both official languages and the government recognizes english as primary and irish as secondary language . 
  there is nothing wrong with the post in regards to ireland . 
  english is most spoken followed by irish then french then english spoken by immigrants to ireland who do not have english as a first language . 
  i study computer science in dublin and intel come in to recruit often and the last people to come in said all there next gen pc chips will be produced in ireland exclusively unless they expand the business further . 
  i do n't know why , it does n't make much sense to me but for some reason they are not classed as a commodity here . 
  we are a small island in the atlantic , without a low cooperate tax there is not enough incentive to bring enough companies here for our population . 
  also the high minimum wage here and cost of shipping goods here to be manufactured and then shipping the out again results in the companies not making as big a saving as the media shows . 
  yes it is . 
  pc manufacturing is one of the biggest industries in ireland just behind pharmaceuticals and agriculture . 
  intel have a huge plant here and within 5 years almost every intel chip in the world will be produced here after a $ 5 billion upgrade to the facility . 
  ibm , hp , dell and several more large companies manufacture pc 's and components here . 
  in 2006 a dell pc manufacturing plant alone made up 5 % of irish gdp, 
  but pharmaceuticals are not commodities and this survey only applies to commodities . 
  yeah , the main one is unemployment . 
  they lay all the blame on european union policies an immigrants . 
  from what i gather from sky news and bbc news they blame the eu for a lot of there problems and not their government . 
  some of them companies employ several thousand people each in dublin . 
  how is dublin ranked so low , almost every major ict company in the world bases there european headquarters here ( google , microsoft , amazon , facebook , paypal , ebay , intel , twitter , oracle , cisco , ibm , yahoo ( currently moving to dublin ) and sap to name a few . 
  the collapse of the holy roman empire which was a bunch of small aligned kingdoms, 
  yeah sure even our national anthem is about taking up arms against britain . 
  yeah but it 's nice to mix it up now and again . 
  belgian colonists and mercenaries along with soldiers from the katanga province of the congo attacked un peacekeepers from ireland , the layed siege to the town of jadotville where the 158 irish soldiers had set up a defence against 4000 - 5000 fighters . 
  the battle lasted 6 days . 
  on the last day of the battle the irish soldiers had to surrender as the were out of ammo and food . 
  the irish had 5 wounded while the belgians and congolese had 300 dead and up to 1000 wounded . 
  then do n't you get some unsafe water in the first bit of drinking water ? 
  they have two taps for the same reason as ireland , the cold water is safe to drink as it has been treated . 
  when our prime minister went to meet the italian prime minister last year he was invited to a mass held by the pope . 
  at the mass he got bored and started to use on his phone in full view of everyone . 
  that was as good as flipping off the pope for a politician . 
  i remember being so proud . 
  apparently the home to twitter europe is n't a big fan . 
  wow , dublin airport is very busy for such a small country . 
  people in the roi like britain , we have a lot in common .
