  sure it is . 
  if ireland was to leave ( we wo n't , ireland has very strong support for the euro even after the crisis ) we could return to our old currency and tie it 's value to the british pound again . 
  i think that 's why the polish integrated so well into irish society . 
  they are now the biggest minority in ireland . 
  the [ late late show ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_late_late_show ) is the most watched show overall since 1962 in ireland . 
  it is the longest running talk show in the world with season 51 about to begin . 
  over the years it has become a part of irish culture as much as guinness . 
  i get it , a 1916 reference , 
  yes , just to see the reaction in the usa . 
  yes but the uk would veto them every time . 
  here here  yeah it 's something about reddit that makes us all assume the other person is almost always an ass in some way . 
  it 's nice to meet another nice user . 
  also same to you have a nice weekend . 
  i agree with you about reddit commenters . 
  i have a degree in computer science but also studied european politics a bit in college as i have a big interest in politics in ireland and the rest of europe . 
  the points i made above are mostly my own opinions from my knowledge of europe . 
  talking about the future is always speculative no matter how much data is available so getting everyone to agree on events yet to come is not going to happen e.g. 
  almost no one predicted the recession and the big hit the eu would take or how ireland economy is bouncing back in a big way at present . 
  but i enjoy discussing my views with people that have differing ones . 
  now that 's an insult , also you seem to be getting aggravated when we are just having a discussion . 
  it was stagnant for several years after the economy fell with little change up or down . 
  when did i insult you ? 
  although some of you points about the people on reddit are true your knowledge of the euro and eu seem very limited and misinformed . 
  the euro is certainly not at risk of crumbling , no nation has lost support for it . 
  i have never heard someone say russia is more powerful than the us militarily . 
  for example  size of population , one language throughout all 50 states , relative ease of moving from one part of the us for a job to another we have double the us population , english is spoken very well throughout the eu and almost all business is done in it , we also have complete freedom of movement between states . 
  the us is still the worlds economic center but the eu now accounts for more of the worlds gdp and china 's is now also a significant amount , the us is no longer the lone dominant economic power . 
  with more and more globalization it is likely that the eu and the us will be near equal in a few decade and they will both be used as reserve currencies . 
  it has a lot to do with our cultures . 
  i agree , this is a major factor . 
  any of those companies are charge corporation tax ( which is low but our higher wages , cost of living and other costs make the savings not as large ) ) on all the revenue the business gets through ireland . 
  companies like apple ( who employ 3000 people here and are increasing that to 5000 ) make billions but the money never passes through ireland so we ca n't tax them for it under our law ( even us law would n't be able if our places were reversed ) . 
  all that money passes through and ends up in the us , all your government has to do is change the law to allow you tax them instead of trying to get us to charge them more and force them to leave . 
  companies like apple are exploiting an loophole in the us that your government ca n't be bothered to fix , hence all these big firms with hq 's here are american and not from other nations . 
  but when has the us media ever cared about the truth when it criticizes the us . 
  the celtic tiger is reborn !, 
  it 's mostly from manufacturing and agricultural exports . 
  also when your economy collapses even a moderate growth will show as a higher than normal percentage . 
  biased bbc article warning . 
  i have never seen the bbc report a positive story about anything that does n't effect the uk . 
  ah the congo , the site of one of ireland 's most famous military battles against belgian mercenaries and katangans . 
  ff and fg were founded as parties aimed at making ireland a republic and both still are officially republican parties but are now more moderate . 
  sf is a cross border party and they are extreme republican because of there policies about ni . 
  labour is de facto republican party as it was formed by many former ff and fg members and it 's policies and actions in government have been almost identical to ff and fg . 
   you ca n't have a republic unless you have sovereignty , so that 's ff and fg out . 
  this line makes no sense , care to explain ? 
  scotland , then wales . 
  yes that 's right , irish celts settled both . 
  it 's the closest we have ever had to a colony . 
  [ ireland ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/irish_general_election_2011.png ) the main political parties here are : [ fianna f\u00e1il ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fianna_f%c3%a1il ) the republican party ( center-right ) [ fine gael ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fine_gael ) a republican party ( center-right ) [ labour ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labour_party_\\ ( ireland \\ ) ) republican socialist party ( center-left ) [ sinn f\u00e9in ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinn_f%c3%a9in ) extreme republican party ( left-wing ) in ireland you vote republican or republican , it has a lot to do with our history . 
  there are some other smaller parties that are not republican that have 1 , 2 or no seats in government , mostly far left-wing parties founded during the recession . 
  scotland on independence would get the same status as canada and australia . 
  they are both independent but are british dominions with the queen as head of state . 
  ireland also had this status after independence until we became a republic in 1949 . 
  to not be a dominion scotland would also have to declare itself a republic . 
  ireland ( roi ) is bigger than wales . 
  northern ireland is smaller than wales . 
  in ireland they changed the borders when we achieved independence and it had negative repercussions for decades . 
  i think they will just keep it as is ,, 
  if there is a 100 % open border with the uk and ireland why would an independent scotland ( which would still be a british dominion ) not have an open border . 
  the american civil war was over some states wanting to leave and the rest of the us saying ` no your staying ' ( i know this is simplified before someone tries to tell me  ), 
  the population of ireland is only 4.5 million . 
  ( you included northern ireland ) . 
  we have no hostile states anywhere near us and military spending is only 0.7 % of gdp , that 's one of the lowest in the world and yet our military is larger . 
  the combined strength of lithuania , latvia and estonia is about the same as the strength of the irish military . 
  that 's a surprise . 
  unfortunately that was true at the time for very complicated reasons , but it is no longer the case and the state is now giving them the respect they deserve . 
  i have to say well done to the queen , she has invited the irish president to every remembrance event that she has taken part in for ww1 & ww2 as a sign of respect to the irish who served in the ba and elsewhere both pre and post independence . 
  and the germans finally made it across the channel . 
  nice to see an irish flag , i know we were neutral but tens of thousands of irishmen fought and died in the war on the side of the allies all over the world and i do n't think there sacrifice should be forgotten . 
  churchill was a big fucking man . 
  suppose we do , but that 's very different and stupidly complicated . 
  but you share a monarch , we do n't share anything like that . 
  i was just making a simple point , i did n't feel it was necessary to into detailed specifics into why . 
  i forgot it was a king then , woops : / i was just pointing out that we did n't remove the monarch immediately after independence and we had more reason to . 
  scotland will probably keep the monarch , for a few decades at least . 
  ireland and the uk did not join the schengen area because there is no point , if you want to get here you would need to get onto a plane or ship and you need some sort of id anyway for security to board both so joining would change nothing . 
  it 's purely for land based travel . 
  ireland 's unemployment is falling , our economy is the eu 's fastest growing and we are paying back our debt . 
  the light at the end of the tunnel is bright . 
  yeah , even though you make whiskey the wrong way . 
  that 's what ireland did , we got independence in 1923 but did n't remove the queen until 1949 . 
  portugal 's favorite is the same as ireland 's , the atlantic ocean . 
  ding dong the witch is dead went to the top of the charts in ireland the day after she died . 
  in ireland as long as you do n't live in a very built up area it is actually not that hard to get a gun license for a shotgun or single action rifle .22 ( including optics ) . 
  if you live in a urban area you will need to be a member of a gun club as you can not own a gun if you have nowhere to use it . 
  hand guns and high caliber rifles ( 7.62 is maximun legal ) are a bit more difficult to get but not very if you are a member of a gun club and have received some training on safe handling or have firearms experience from elsewhere ( e.g. 
  .22 rifles and shotguns are generally used for pest control on farms ( badgers , foxes that kill livestock such as sheep and so on ) . 
  all other firearms are for recreational us only and can only be used on firing ranges or private land with a license . 
  all semi automatic weapons apart from handguns ( which are very strictly regulated ) and all fully automatic weapons are illegal . 
  the gun culture here is almost none existent and a very small minority own guns for recreation ( mostly ex-soldiers ) . 
  i am an ex soldier , i do not own a gun , i only know of 2 other ex soldiers that have firearms and 1 farmer . 
  but i would say i 'm the exception as most of the people in ireland probably do not know a person with a gun . 
  actually even though we are two different countries we are not foreign countries . 
  seriously it 's specifically says ireland and the uk are independent nations but not foreign nations in both constitutions . 
  so a brit in ireland is not a foreigner and vice versa . 
  just got home from work , were we invaded again ? 
  we have only been a state since 93 years ago and only stopped been a british dominion 58 years ago , you have been for for over 200 years . 
  in recent years this has been becoming more and more true , for example we now have a joint mission to train the army of mali so it is an effective force . 
  i do n't think we should join nato as we have nothing to offer , let us do what we do best , peacekeeping .
