  the light at the end of the tunnel , greece take note . 
  i am meeting some friends , we might do that over the weekend , 
  ca n't wait , i 'm going to paris tonight for the motor show . 
  well technically it could , but shooting everyone is a bit extreme . 
  if you going to troll you should try to be a bit more subtle , less obvious , try to include at least one true fact and do n't us a brand new alt account . 
  til : gaza has a gaa club . 
  your mixing up the arabian sea with the mediterranean sea . 
  the mediterranean sea has a immigrant problem , there are no pirates . 
  irish people are the most active reddit users in europe per capita so the numbers look about right . 
  for example / r/ireland has ~ 40,000 subscribers while / r/unitedkingdom has ~ 86,000 . 
  we have half the subs but a population about 14 times smaller . 
  in 2010 ireland made the palestinian representative in ireland a full ambassador with equal rights to those given to any nations ambassador . 
  this resulted in israel making a formal complaint to ireland . 
  at the time it is believed the government chose not to give full recognition as a state to palestine as they did not want to completely destroy our already bad relationship with israel and risk the lives of irish troops who are in lebanon and some getting ready to go to syria at the time who are presently relying on israel for help in an emergency ( for example they might need to evacuate syria at present if the situation deteriorates ) . 
  note : more irish troops have died as a result of israeli actions in the past 4 decades in lebanon that to any other group , and ireland has been outspoken about the gaza conflict causing the bad relationship yet we still protect there borders with lebanon and syria . 
  the racism is strong in this one . 
  your welcome  ( you now get the small amount of gas you used to get from russia from us ), 
  in 2010 ireland made the palestinian representative in ireland a full ambassador with equal rights to those given to any nations ambassador . 
  this resulted in israel making a formal complaint to ireland . 
  at the time it is believed the government chose not to give full recognition as a state to palestine as they did not want to completely destroy our already bad relationship with israel and risk the lives of irish troops who are in lebanon and some getting ready to go to syria at the time who are presently relying on israel for help in an emergency ( for example they might need to evacuate syria at present if the situation deteriorates ) . 
  note : more irish troops have died as a result of israeli actions in the past 4 decades in lebanon that to any other group , and ireland has been outspoken about the gaza conflict causing the bad relationship yet we still protect there borders with lebanon and syria . 
  there was a period were the sub was getting spammed very badly by mostly americans wanting holiday advice . 
  there is a sub / r/irishtourism that is on the sidebar and already has all the answers anyone could want and is full of helpful people so it 's a bit annoying when half the posts on / r/ireland are people asking for the same travel advice over and over again . 
  turkey is the turkey of europe . 
  ireland has 7.7 % growth this quarter so ... ... 
  what relevance does this have to this sub reddit . 
  4000 jobs with a possible 3000 more on the way is giving back a lot considering the original operation only employed a few hundred , but yes they should pay more tax . 
  just some clarification as the guardian paper once again has failed to do research before writing an article . 
  this is a law from the 1939 in the constitution . 
  the governments of ireland have all just ignored it . 
  in 2009 it was not reintroduced , the law around it was updated with a $ 25,000 fine to come in line with other fines related to the constitution , no one has ever been fined and it was only done because we have to be seen to respect what is in the constitution even if it 's not going to be enforced . 
  it is part of the governments recent actions to remove outdated laws and decree 's . 
  as this one was in the constitution it needs a referendum to remove it which will happen with the referendums next year including one to introduce gay marriage . 
  there is also a law that no business can open on a sunday since 1938 , the whole country was made an exempt area quickly after they realized their mistake . 
  our government also just revoked 2500 decree 's and laws from the past including declarations of war against denmark & france and many other pointless laws . 
  not as high a percentage . 
  the irish free state was less than 20 years old . 
  it had just gone through a war of independence , civil war and an economic war until 1938 with the uk that crippled the country ( but we won the economic war as the uk gave in to most of our demands ) . 
  so we where near bankrupt , tired of war , british rule was still fresh in minds , our army was completely unequipped and untrained and you expected us to come to your aid in a war against germany over poland . 
  maybe things would be different if they knew before the war what we now know about german atrocities but in 1939 it was just another ww1 . 
  ours go to healthcare , education etc. 
  yours go to the military . 
  even if ireland declared war we would still have no means to attack , the us was struggling to keep you supplied never mind adding us and it would have caused uproar in ireland as the population would see the government as a pawn of the uk . 
  nobody knew about the death camps until the last year of the war and britain got involved because it and france had agreed to protect poland . 
  civilians been killed had little to do with the uk joining the war so is a bad argument . 
  common mistake , we are n't neutral . 
  check the constitution it 's not mentioned anywhere . 
  we are militarily non-aligned as a foreign policy . 
  we can speak out about anything , provide aid , impose sanctions etc but we will not get involved militarily in a fight that does not threaten ireland . 
  when apple came to ireland they were losing money and in trouble as a company . 
  it was not until years after the state aid they hit gold with the ipod . 
  us only , we have no large eu firms basing themselves here . 
  our tax system unintentionally creates a area where us firms can cheat the us system . 
  if the us changes a few laws it can be fixed . 
  but if they do n't want to why should we turn away these firms . 
  also corporation tax is just one tax , in reality the effective difference of operating in ireland over the uk is around 7 % not 27.5 % . 
  actually only the us is losing out because they are all us companies using ireland to exploit a flaw in the us tax system ( which only requires the us to change a few laws to fix ) . 
  no big european firms have ireland as a base . 
  the amount theses firms contribute to our gdp is very small . 
  the increase in gdp is coming from growth in manufacturing and agricultural exports ( mostly agriculture ) . 
  ireland has a low corporation tax but our other taxes and expenses of operating here make the difference between ireland and the rest of the eu actually a lot smaller than you think , it not as simple a 12.5 % ( for example france has a high corporation tax but gives out way more state aid ) . 
  also at the time apple came to ireland and received state aid they were losing money and doing very poorly as a company . 
  it was not until later they became hugely successful . 
  also if you did any research you would see that even if they did get a special deal it would only mean they paid around $ 1 billion to little over the past decade . 
  which is nothing to a company that size . 
  ireland and northern ireland are two different countries . 
  although the situation is improving parts of northern ireland they still have a big problem with racism in some areas . 
  this seems to be stopping more with the younger population . 
  whereas ireland ( republic of ) is one of the worlds most secular societies that is very excepting of other beliefs and nationalities . 
  islam is the second biggest religion in ireland . 
  it 's very sad that this is actually true . 
  we actually like the rest of the eu more so we will just stay where we are . 
  in ireland the minimum wage is $ 8.65 an hour . 
  but compared to other nations a lot of people tend to be paid more in both the public and private sectors , for example i am a student working part time for a average retailer an i make $ 10.20 an hour . 
  and thousands of irish will fight with both sides in spain for some reason ... oh wait that was also 1936 . 
  i do and have always fully supported the eu and the euro zone but the ecb can go fuck itself . 
  the ecb needs to be redesigned in how it operates to work better to benefit all euro zone nations . 
  what is essentially a big bank should not have the power to make threats / ultimatums like this . 
  in events as large as this all euro zone nations should be consulted and come to an agreement on how best to proceed as it effects us all . 
  it 's not that simple in reality . 
  you must be resident and working for 5 years , pass an exam on irish history / culture and meet several other requirements and even then it is at the discretion of the state and not guaranteed . 
  or if you have an irish grandparent that 's instant citizenship . 
  also op you are more than welcome in ireland , we are culturally very similar and very welcoming to foreigners ( i know the uk is not technically a foreign country and so you would not technically a foreigner , damn ireland and the uk 's relationship is confusing ) so come on over to dublin anytime . 
  a bit of noise , * ah sure it 's grand * . 
  also suck it , uk !, 
  ireland has an east west divide . 
  although it is a small one . 
  yeah it is . 
  our debt was all public debt where as the other countries is private debt and public debt , as a result ours did n't fall as far . 
  we have consistently beat the uk for years now . 
  even after the recession ( unlike the uk ) ireland is still one of the [ 20th wealthiest countries in the world per capita ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) . 
  also if your speaking english it 's called ireland . 
  \u00c9ire is the irish , for example you do n't say `` deutschland '' you say `` germany '', 
  that has to do with irish people been conservative not religious and most of the population supports abortion and is now calling for a referendum to legalize it . 
  ireland is actually one of the [ 10 least religious countries in the world ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/news/-irish-atheists-increase-by-400-percent-in-ten-years-survey-shows-237949531-239669351.html ) . 
  irish people all been religious roman catholics is an outdated stereotype . 
  in the 2011 census less than half the population considered themselves religious . 
  not for an economy as small as ours . 
  them multinational hq 's account for  10 % of our economy , the media overstates it hugely . 
  also * andorra * monaco * vatican city,
