i convert some items to pounds , but only because i use amazon a lot and convert prices to get the best deal . 
  there is no $ prices for ireland on the amazon site and we have to use amazon.co.uk . 
  which is stupid since amazons website is base in dublin . 
  the live with the cold the same way we live with the rain . 
  ireland loves the euro ( and the eu ) . 
  the idea that people still convert back to there old currencies is mind boggling to me . 
  it is a better currency because it is used across europe and makes business and travel easier . 
  even during the recession no one ever mentioned the idea of leaving . 
  now that everybody is what we call racism . 
  if it does collapse ff and fg would put there shit on pause for a few years and form a coalition before the let sf into power . 
  a ff fg government would probably be as bad as the rainbow coalition in the 1980 's but it would still be better than sf . 
  ** [ brno ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brno ) ** - if you are a student like myself brno is the place to go . 
  it 's a university city that has a great night life , is extremely cheap and makes for a brilliant city break . 
  the sites are beautiful and there is a lot to see and do . 
  i went for 4 day 's to visit a friend on erasmus and had a great time . 
  also the locals are unbelievably friendly and we got free drinks and entry to all clubs for the sole reason of been irish . 
  i 'm not good enough at economics to see why , all i know is what the news has been saying her . 
  as of april emmigration was down 20 % and falling . 
  of the 80,000 to emigrate in the previous year more than 4/5 had a job and were not unemployed when leaving , ~ 30,000 were college graduates ( thats just a small bit more than the 26,000 who were emigrating every year before the recession to travel , work etc ) and ~ 60 ' 000 people moved to ireland . 
  the number of unemployed people leaving ireland has increased during the recession but it is having little effect on irish unemployment . 
  also our population is still growing , if emmigration was as bad as you believe it would be falling . 
  [ irish times article ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/emigration-of-irish-nationals-falls-20-in-year-to-april-1.1908275 ) also as far as the government cares the protest was about water charges nothing else hence they are reviewing their implementation . 
  whatever else you are mad at the protest made no difference for that as the government only heard complaints about water charges . 
  i hate when people like you have to complain about everything , things are finally starting to look up and only see the bad . 
  thing do n't change overnight and take time . 
  i really dislike this government and they have made some big mistakes but overall have made the best of a very very shitty situation . 
  also i do n't vote fine gael . 
  i do n't know where you got the data for that but unemployment has been falling steadily for a while now and the protest was over water charges been very poorly implemented . 
  it 's not evidence of standards of living falling . 
  all data says the standards of living are rising again . 
  do some research and get some facts before you start talking shit . 
  it is going by current government bond prices which have been doing very well in ireland and stagnating in the uk . 
  ireland , fuck yeah !, 
  you are correct but in ireland it does as the growing economy is resulting in faster job growth . 
  we are starting repayments to the uk before the end of the year . 
  we have already started repaying the imf . 
  we can do this so soon because we can now borrow for cheaper than the uk ( apparently we are a safer bet to loan to so get better interest rates , it 's been on the news here all day ) . 
  this means we can get a loan to pay you back with interest and then repay the new loan from our own pocket saving us ~ $ 400 million a year in repayments to the uk , imf and ecb . 
  not really , it has been a very underfunded resource ( not enough money from tax has been put towards it ) . 
  by paying directly into the infrastructure we will get a better , safer and more reliable service . 
  they have made some mistakes setting it up which is to be expected as it is the biggest project ever undertaken by the state but these will all be rectified in time . 
  irish people and the media for some reason expect a finished perfect service overnight that should be almost free . 
  different government . 
  yeah there is no real border between the two countries , it 's as easy to cross the border as it is to go from england to wales . 
  these `` peace walls '' are walls separating catholic and protestant communities in belfast to stop them fighting . 
  you would n't see anything like those paintings in the republic , we got over that shit years ago . 
  also if you look at the bottom of the page you will see a user karma banner to parody the stock banner on nbc . 
  wow , if your going to do an interview about ireland with someone who works for a government body in ireland you would think he would do at least a 5 minutes research . 
  his ignorance is just unbelievable . 
  ireland and most of europe does not have free speech like the us . 
  for example the westboro baptist church who do them horrible protests wuld be arrested here for inciting hatred . 
  i looked it up , it 's the media trying to make a story out of nothing . 
  a small group of fruit importers have stopped buying from a greek supplier . 
  actually ireland is so high because we currently have a extremely young population . 
  do n't know , this is news to me . 
  they did but the two main parties abstained so there were not enough votes for it to count as an official vote . 
  i do n't see how ireland scored so low in political . 
  two of our last 3 presidents were women who served two terms each , our deputy prime minister is a women ( the second from 2 governments ) along with 3 more ministers of state , the head of our police force is a women , two of our supreme court judges are women and the heads of several government bodies . 
  i also probably forgetting loads more since there are so many . 
  green represents the nationalists , orange represents the unionists ( orange because william of orange came here with an army to help britain crush a nationalist army and since then unionists in northern ireland have adopted the colour ) . 
  white represents the wish for peace between the two groups . 
  it 's supposed to be a temporary flag until there is a united ireland ( if that ever happens ), 
  your country had much more of an impact on irish culture and history ... hell your on our flag !, 
  france sent 2 armies to help us . 
  you destroyed one at sea ( do n't mess with the royal navy ) and the other landed at the wrong place and was encircled and destroyed , the irish army sent to relieve them had to leave defensive positions and march across ireland resulting in it 's destruction and ending the last war in which ireland was almost equal to britain in strength . 
  the kaiser sent lot 's of guns to ireland during ww1 , these were used in the 1916 rising and 1919-21 war of independence . 
  ireland has one of europe 's youngest populations resulting in a high birth rate currently and a low death rate . 
  i approve , ireland is shown twice . 
  / u/executivemonkey is correct . 
  if one of your grandparents is irish you can become an irish citizen and an eu citizen . 
  all you need to get is proof such as a birth certificate if they have it or check the irish records for the birth record . 
  i would recommend trying to find the original as if your grandparent was born before mid 1920 's there may be no record as many were destroyed during the 1919-21 war of independence and the 1921-23 civil war . 
  it was several years before they could get records back in order but many people from the time have none . 
  even if you never intend to come to ireland it is still worth getting as an irish passport will allow you to travel to may countries much easier than a us passport e.g. 
  no visa required to enter the eu and easier access to china and india for example . 
  anglo-saxon is southern england or parts of northern france . 
  irish is gaelic / celtic . 
  together we shall take all of germany 's euro 's . 
  since joining the eu ireland has gone from been western europe 's poorest nations ( by a very large amount ) to been one of the 20 wealthiest nations on earth ( top 5 per capita for a very short time before the recession ) . 
  so yes they could be as wealthy if not more in 20 or 30 years . 
  ha , this sounds just like us and the uk . 
  i think the british were the first to use concentration camps / gulags during the [ boar war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_boer_war#concentration_camps_.281900.e2.80.931902.29 ), 
  we have reached the limit of what tax alone can do , high unemployment is the biggest expense for the government and biggest problem for the country . 
  bring unemployment to around 4 % ( considered full employment ) will ease the social expenses burden by a huge amount . 
  so if the government continues to create better circumstances for and encourage more job creation we will see huge improvements in ireland that ca n't be achieved through increased tax on the wealthy and more social spending . 
  the budget * is done according to wealth distribution not income * so everyone pay 's a fair share . 
  so that % pay 's what they should not any more and maybe even less . 
  where government revenue comes from in the 2014 budget : * 21 % from top 1 % of earners ( only ~ 46,000 people ) * 44 % from top 6 % of earners ( almost half the revenue comes from just ~ 276,000 people ) * 80 % from to 24 % of earners ( ~ 1,100,000 people ) so the other 76 % of the population who all earn less only make up 20 % . 
  it hardly seems fair that the top 24 % of earners should pay for everything hence 20 % comes from the rest of the population . 
  almost all of those high earners work very hard for that income and give half of it away in tax . 
  higher earners pay much more tax ( as they should ) but you ca n't expect them to keep giving away so much of there earnings . 
  i think 70 % - 75 % of the budget coming from this group is about right but no more . 
  taxing the wealthy more wo n't fix anything , the only thing that will is job creation . 
  i know but i 'm sick off explaining to everyone that it is a loophole in the us these companies are exploiting and ireland is doing nothing wrong . 
  the budget today closed the double irish loophole and stopped us been a tax haven . 
  america dislikes a country full of muslims . 
  color me surprised . 
  also this has nothing to do with religion , it is the recognition of a peoples right to be identified . 
  nothing was mentioned about israel or territorial disputes . 
  if you looked at the news in the past few day 's before posting you would see this double irish loophole is been removed today .
