  will try to link a source later of i remember . 
   because they teach them medieval poems instead of teaching them to actually speak . 
  ^ ^ this, 
  actually the effective rate is 12.4 % . 
  that did n't happen last time , us mediators really helped bring about peace between both communities . 
  ni is one of the few places us intervention would be welcome by both side as they both trust the us more than the each other , 
  there will be a huge chance of violence and terrorism if unification occurs . 
  in the discussions between nationalists and unionist the us will act as a mediator . 
  the us was instrumental in helping get peace in ni and establishing the state you see today . 
  for this reason it 's likely they will do the same again . 
  not in this way they should n't but in the event of a unification vote they will be heavily involved . 
  the us was a huge part of the peace treaty negotiations and since they have more knowledge and experience of the situation in ni than any other third party they will likely mediate any transition of power following a vote to unify . 
  have n't something like 40000 irish troops served in lebanon now . 
  this makes me proud that we are ranking up top for this ( per capita ) and if i remember correctly i 'm pretty sure this is the lowest it 's been for a few years from us . 
  [ ireland ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/fc/19/58/fc1958c9f4ca1ad1e8b93887384cd64e.jpg ), 
  until around the last 20 years it was civil war politics . 
  each party represented opposing sides of the civil war but now people realise they are extremely similar parties . 
  nah , he said this over a week ago . 
  it only been reported in the uk now . 
  did someone say potato !, 
  god i miss podge a rodge , absolutely hilarious to watch . 
  any developer who speaks english and any second language will get a job instantly in dublin . 
  yup aws is massive in ireland, 
  sure we might buy it , how much do you want ? 
  i was there 2 years ago . 
  lovely city but students , students everywhere !!, 
  here are two articles about it . 
  tourism is a huge industry here and growing so you should have little trouble finding work here if skilled . 
  it seems people are visiting countries with less risk like yours and mine because of these attacks . 
  https://www.irishtimes.com/business/transport-and-tourism/tourism-group-says-terror-attacks-boosted-visits-to-ireland-1.2920298%3fmode=amp http://www.dublinlive.ie/news/dublin-news/tourism-increasing-dublin-viewed-safer-11289974, 
  ireland is seeing a big increase in tourism as a result of attacks in mainland europe . 
  it 's sad to see people avoiding traveling to countries like france because of terrorism but it is happening . 
  medical uses gives it a good image and changes people 's opinion on it being a purely bad drug . 
  doing this first will make full legalisation easier later . 
  take that back mexico !, 
  christ this brings back memories , is it still open ? 
  the situation has some similarities to ireland and the uk 's accession into the ecc . 
  at the time ireland constitutionally laid claim to northern ireland and recognised it as occupied territory , this was n't resolved until the 1998 peace treaty was signed . 
  ireland and the uk joined the ecc on the same day in the 1970 's and the territorial dispute was sorted out after membership . 
  kosovo and serbia should join together and resolve the dispute from within the eu with access to greater eu assistance . 
  it 's a british paper and british journalist, 
  the learned from the best / s, 
  hard to believe we were up there with spain not that long ago in the midst of a major recession . 
  technically the should have asked but i doubt they did . 
  its not enforced in any way , it 's an old law from when we first got independence used to remove lords etc in ireland from holding land and returning it to the state / people . 
  nowadays it just means the title is n't recognised here . 
  for them to be recognised titles here they would have to renounce their citizenship as we do recognise foreigners with titles . 
  i think it only applies to titles from foreign monarchies and not state honours . 
  a interesting point about bono and bob geldof . 
  as they are irish they technically committed a crime by getting knighted . 
  as irish citizens they need permission from the irish government to receive a title from the uk , the irish government needs presidential approval to give this and its not in the presidents power to give approval so its technically impossible for an irish citizen to get a title from the queen . 
  what are on about ? 
  stop talking shite , ireland has over 99 % 3g coverage and there is talk of switching off 2g soon since it 's no longer really needed . 
  so over half the migrants are from non-eu countries , can someone explain how migration from outside the eu to the uk has anything to do with the eu or single market ? 
  lidl in ireland tries hard to sell local irish produce and is always selling more and more main brand products for less than the other stores . 
  my local lidl even has a great bakery . 
  lidl here seems to be better quality than the lidl stores i 've been to on the continent . 
  ireland = aldi s\u00fcd ( just aldi here ) vs lidl lidl 4 life, 
   they were part of our country and then when it all kicked off , we gave independance to the parts that wanted independence didnt we ? 
  we were n't part of the uk by choice and definitely were n't given independence , ireland literally had to go to war for a few years with the uk to get independence . 
  what ever way you cut it you were the foreign aggressor at the time to the irish people . 
  and people like you are the reason there is a dispute, 
  what i ca n't figure out is that all this money makes it back to the us . 
  why are n't the us taxing it either ? 
  confuse drivers traveling at 50kph ... . yeah thay sounds smart / s, 
  1000 's more have applied here ... .394 is shag all !, 
  agreed there are none left here either . 
  as someone living in dublin i am delighted some banks will move here as it will give the cities economy a great boost . 
  on the other hand the influx of so many people is going to push the ridiculously high rents in dublin even higher pricing some people out of the city . 
  i 'd imagine all of those in support do n't live in northern ireland and have to deal with a border to cross, 
  yet more absolute rubbish from the guardian . 
  actually it 's called \u00c9ire , eire has a completely different meaning . 
  wow your a depressing fuck . 
   so-called leaders of the united europe under german hegemony well this is n't a biased one sided article with an agenda at all / s, 
  3\u00a01/2 years old . 
  newest car i 've ever had, 
  also in ireland , i have a tax disc and insurance disk ... . that 's it . 
  we have our own gas fields and export gas ... . 
  i was fucking dying in the heat yesterday . 
  why is ireland so low ? 
  we are part of everything but shenghan and the only reason we are n't in it is because we share a land border with the uk who wo n't join shenghan . 
  it decreases the size of parliament resulting less seats being needed for a minority . 
  ireland : the fact that he is gay never once came up during the last 2 weeks of news on who would be our next pm . 
  rest of world : ireland elects gay pm !!, 
  this is just what i see from working in the industry in europe . 
  it 's actually quite uncommon for 90 % of your internet traffic to leave your own geographical area . 
  for this reason the impact here will be limited . 
  i work as a network engineer for a large cloud computing provider and so have a lot of exposure to how businesses actually use the internet in the back end . 
  all big and medium sized businesses on the internet use servers located in europe and the us . 
  the only effect to europeans will be if visiting the sites of small websites only located in the us for us customers . 
  if the is throttles have it 's websites , the effect seen in europe will be insignificant . 
  i understand for people on the us this is a huge thing but for europeans it wo n't effect us . 
  the eu protects net neutrality here under law . 
  the whole net neutrality situation is in the us will effect isp 's and people in the us only . 
  it will have zero impact on europeans . 
  as someone in ireland , i 'd like to know what the hell qualifies as a terrorist attack in ireland because i ca n't remember a single one during this period . 
  i 'll allow it in exchange for the north !, 
  almost 30 % investment from the eu and we are now a net contributor , nice !, 
  also this is a big reason as to why we have 89 % approval for the eu and 99 % among the younger population . 
  the irish independent is n't associated with the independent in the uk .
