  try and troll harder . 
  there was no ira in the 30 's and 40 's . 
  ok but dublin gets to be the new capital of the uk and michel higgins gets to be king, 
  the army base in dublin city center has on air raid siren that goes off every friday at 12 . 
  during ww1 they would test it each friday and they have n't stopped since . 
  it 's just a tradition of that base now to sound it every friday for over 100 years now . 
  or we can sell them to the usa for trumps wall !, 
  a booklet was sent to every house in the country by the independent referendum commision . 
  it 's your fault if you did n't read it . 
  you just proved that most people do n't know what they are voting for . 
  the reasons the lisbon treaty was rejected the first time were addressed and the treaty amended for ireland and then we passed the amended version addressing those issues such as our opt out of mutual defence to protect our neutrality . 
  what ? 
  just 5p is n't much of a charge ? 
  ireland introduced a levy on plastic bags in 2002 but we charge 20c per bag now . 
  it 's very rare anyone here does n't use a reusable bag . 
  i would kill for some a/c right now . 
  at least it will probably be back to perpetual rain soon ... 255 days of rain a year :(, 
   crusher of the rebellious irish cromwell is literally the hitler of irish history \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  it 's almost 11pm here and humidity is still 78 % ... 
  30 degrees with 80-90 % humidity . 
  the humidity is much worse than the heat . 
  it 's more the unbearable humidity than the heat itself . 
  this is a very bad way to survey how many have been hired . 
  almost always very large companies require skilled staff with degrees and knowledge of the area of that business . 
  i 'd like to see how many have been hired by small companies or large retail companies such as lidl etc. 
   we really are getting that number down quick considering where we were a few years ago . 
  probably someone from roscommon / s, 
  i do n't get why the us complains but does n't fix it . 
  here is the situation in its simplest form . 
  -- the us taxes a company based on where it 's hq is . 
  -- ireland taxes what a company on what is done in ireland . 
  so companies can tell the us they have there hq here and pay less tax in the us or none on a lot of there profits . 
  then in ireland they are taxed on everything they do in ireland not globally . 
  so companies can avoid paying tax in the us by saying they are irish and avoid paying it here because we do n't tax there profits generated in other countries . 
  solution : the us taxes companies based on there us operations and not where the hq is . 
  in denial ... what ? 
  to begin i 'm not denying this growth figure is ridiculous but our actual growth has been very impressive . 
   company x who has a hq staff of 5 in ireland can you name one company that does this ? 
  i 've heard of none . 
  every big us multinational here has huge operations . 
  for example apple employs 5000 + people and has the only manufacturer facility in the world that they fully own and is n't contracted . 
  microsoft , amazon , dell , ebay , paypal , facebook etc all employ 1000-3000 people and are expanding . 
  some are n't even hq 's such as amazon who are based in luxembourg . 
  yes ireland has 12.5 % corporation tax but estonia has 0 % , cyprus has 12.5 % too and luxembourg has so many loop holes for tax it 's ridiculous yer companies come to ireland . 
  our tax plays a part but the infrastructure , workforce and ease of doing business here are also major factors . 
  the fact tax isnt the main reason companies come to ireland is shown by the fact all the loop holes like double irish have been closed and yet more companies still open here and existing ones are expanding massively . 
   the irish central bank recent changed how gdp/gnp is calculated , so that companies hq 'd in ireland exports count towards irish gnp i have n't heard this . 
  do you have a source , i 'm genuinely curious ? 
  it 's a click bait title . 
  100 police cordoned off the area while a special until cleared the building , the hostage and gun man were already dead . 
  why ca n't we all just be friends and spend 0.39 % of gdp . 
  neutrality woooooooo !, 
  pound is plummeting , government in turmoil , verge of recession ... lets build more nukes !!, 
  sarcasm does n't translate well to text , that why we have ' / s ' , 
  uhm ... because we speak english too . 
  no need to learn a third language in another eu state . 
  no doubt , we owe the eu hugely and irish people generally know this . 
  that 's why eurostat shows irelands population is the most supportive of the eu than any other member state . 
  we must have been the only bailout nation to place all blame on our government and not pass the blame to the eu ( which probably helped with the recovery as we voted back on the austerity government who get a lot of bad press but did stabilise the economy ), 
  you really are clueless . 
  dublin ca n't build a metro because of the type the type of earth under the city , it would cost billions . 
  a tunnel to the uk would be one of the most expensive projects in history for such little benefit in comparison . 
  our health care system is top class , we just bitch about it . 
  if you ca n't afford college fees the state pays them + accommodation allowance and travel expenses etc. 
  if you ca n't afford health care you get it 100 % free . 
  you can live you whole life on social welfare with a lot of benefits and there 's so much more you get here that you wo n't in a lot of countries . 
  ireland has gone from western europe 's poorest nation to one of the world 's wealthiest in less than 40 years with one of the world 's highest standards of living . 
  it was low years before 1995, 
  the eu would help with with the expense of ni and the north would benefit from our lower tax to encourage job growth and hopefully fix the economy . 
  yeah . 
  i have literally never heard anyone here even suggest we leave the euro or the eu . 
  anyone who says it would be considered mad in the head . 
  or maybe it has nothing to do with two classes of europeans and is because almost half the population of northern ireland are citizens of ireland and only 18 years ago a peace treaty was signed to end decades of bloodshed and the open border was a huge thing for that treaty so it is in not only economically beneficial but helps the peace process too . 
  it would n't go down to well setting up a border and cutting off a large number of people from the republic who identify as irish and not british . 
  you think i already have n't ? 
  [ the celtic union of the craic ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/jjhjzasiv2oiplks89pmpnergci3etlj9p_qrmcpopu.png?w=1024&amp;s=2fcc5e49cb474f933bf3b7254c7355ec ) will be the eu 's greatest achievement . 
  ( craic is irish for fun e.g. 
  we 're having the craic ), 
  no one thinks that but the number of professionals immigrating will fall significantly . 
  it 's no longer as simple as just buying a plane ticket and moving . 
  you will need to get a visa and all that entails and as a result will have less rights than a citizen . 
  this will turn off a lot of people . 
  the nhs is fucked unless they allow immigration and for brexit immigration was well ... ... 
  i thought this was worthy of its own thread as this specifically is a pretty big deal for ireland and ni and would get lost in the mega thread . 
  as per the good friday agreement only ireland and northern ireland get to vote on the issue . 
  in the event of a referendum the rest of the uk get no say in the matter . 
  the vast majority are . 
  ireland has a law that large companies must have a certain number of irish natives in management positions running the companies operations here so that they will employee irish people . 
  for example apple employs over 5000 people here in its campus in cork , most are irish . 
  this is also apples only and first manufacturing facility opened in the 1980 's ( all others are contracted companies ) . 
  steve jobs liked ireland because when apple first started and were small ireland gave them a grant to set the facility and start manufacturing mac computers . 
  the campus in cork now makes mac 's , runs apples operations in europe , africa and the middle east and develops new tech . 
  apple in ireland is n't just a little office to dodge tax as the media like to say . 
  it is a major part of the economy for the south of ireland and apples biggest location outside it 's hq in the us . 
  we have uber , airbnb etc in ireland just like in the us and we have decent public transport too . 
  every company in that list employs 1000 + people each in dublin and some of them much more and all are growing . 
  microsoft for example will employ 5000 soon . 
  yes low tax is an incentive and i 'm not denying that it plays a big part but you do n't invest that much in a country just for a tax dodge . 
  ireland invests a lot into educating a tech workforce and making it easy for business by doing its best to limit the red tape making ireland one of the world 's easiest countries to do business in . 
  it would be much easier for these companies to register in luxembourg and have a small office to avoid tax but ireland has so many more incentives that any other country could have to if it wanted .
