  ni is a country so ... 
  i do n't think i even need to say or explain my answer . 
  same situation here , the only reason it has not been removed is because no one has been bothered to remove it yet . 
  there is no incentive to do it . 
  he could be from the other one but using the tri-color because ... . let 's just say the political situation . 
  in ireland there is a referendum in a few weeks to change the constitution and give gay people equal marriage rights to everyone else . 
  the polls are giving it support from about ~ 80 % of the population . 
  from what i have seen people in ireland no longer really care if a person is gay or not . 
  if the french army that landed in ireland and the second french armada that the first french republic sent to ireland to aid irish forces in the 1798 rebellion had not both the french landing and armada been destroyed could we have gained independence over 200 years ago ? 
  yet another article by the guardian in which the writer did little to no research . 
  this topic has been extensively discussed in ireland . 
  no noticeable difference would be seen in the movement of people and trade between the uk and ireland as most of our agreements in travel and trade would not be effected . 
  also something similar to a brexit has happened before here and the uk and ireland immediately pushed through legislation to ensure trade and movement of people would not be effected . 
  ireland and the uk are two separate independent nations but when ireland left the commonwealth , removed the king as head of state and declared itself a republic in 1948 ( the equivalent of a brexit today ) legislation was pushed through in the uk that stated  s. 2 ( 1 ) -- declared that , even though the republic of ireland was no longer a british dominion , it would not be treated as a foreign country for the purposes of british law . 
  this act is still in use today and the result of this is that ireland and the uk could keep every agreement they had and not effect trade or the freedom of movement because our economies were so important to each other as shown by the 1932-38 economic war . 
  in the event of a brexit in order to protect our economy and for the uk to protect theirs it is understood by everyone here that something similar to the ireland acts of 1948 and 1949 will be introduced . 
  the reason ireland is campaigning against a brexit is that ireland is a huge supporter of the eu and it 's more favorable to keep the statis quo than see change . 
  i thought we already did ... are we not best friends now ? 
  [ $ 279 billion ] ( https://imgflip.com/i/jupzb ), 
  at the time wales was still considered to be a part of england . 
  ** ireland ** oliver cromwell - ruler of england , ireland & scotland during his conquest and rule of ireland 41 % of the population of ireland was killed , that is estimated to be around 618,000 + people . 
  he forced everyone in ireland to convert to protestantism , move to connacht ( a sparsely populated province in the west of ireland ) or die . 
  most of those killed were civilians , entire villages where massacred . 
  to this day he is hated in ireland , several years ago the taoiseach ( irish prime minister ) bertie ahern visited london and the following happened :  in 1997 , shortly after the labour party 's victory in the british general election , the newly appointed foreign secretary , robin cook , received a courtesy visit from bertie ahern . 
  the taoiseach entered cook 's office but immediately walked out again on seeing a painting of oliver cromwell in the room . 
  he refused to return until somebody removed the picture of * ` that murdering bastard ' * . 
  anxious to avoid a diplomatic incident , cook made the necessary arrangements . 
  the comedian and author stephen fry related this story at the launch of the heritage sector 's ` history matters ' campaign in 2006 , and commented that ` it was a bit like hanging a portrait of eichmann before the visit of the israeli prime minister ' . 
  [ war casualties ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_civil_war#casualties ) [ cromwellian conquest of ireland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cromwellian_conquest_of_ireland ), 
  this is just one of a series of events for the anniversary of the 1916 easter rising , the event which ultimately led to irish independence from the uk . 
  on easter sunday there was a military parade . 
  this year saw several events as a precursor to the 100th anniversary next year which will see parades and events been held throughout ireland to commemorate the rising and celebrate independence . 
  yeah , that would be the correct command . 
  the officer fucked up and gave the wrong command . 
  he gave the command to rest arms not ready arms . 
  then they all did n't know if they should do what he said or what he meant to say . 
  so this confusion was the result of the officer fouling up and not correcting himself and not the soldiers fault . 
  i was in the army and i can tell you there is weeks of training leading up to this parade each year but all it takes is one person to ruin it . 
  [ aer lingus flight 712 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aer_lingus_flight_712 ) an aer lingus flight in 1966 from cork to london crashed en route killing all on board . 
  the cause of the crash was never determined . 
  there has long been popular speculation that the aircraft was shot down by a british experimental missile . 
  it should stay at this level as the grant system in ireland is very good compared to the rest of europe . 
  i know we all complain about how slow it is and the amount of confusing pointless red tape but it allows everyone the chance of a college education no matter their income level . 
  yay :d we beat the nordic nations !!, 
  i was in brno last year and i can say czech is definitely a 1st world country . 
  this is a 2 year old add for civil partnership which we now have in ireland . 
  the referendum in may is to change the constitution and give full marriage rights making no distinction between straight and gay marriage . 
  i 'm honestly surprised this is n't a law considering how strict aviation rules are . 
  in ireland it has been mostly very positive . 
  the biggest minority in ireland is now polish . 
  in 2004 there were a few thousand poles living in ireland and by 2011 they made up over 2 % of the population ( ~ 122,000 people in 2011 cencus ) surpassing british immigrants and they are surprisingly culturally similar to us and have integrated into irish society very well . 
  the second biggest group is uk nationals who also integrate extremely well into irish society . 
  why is ireland excluded ? 
  germany is black for ww1 , red for ww2 and gold for the hopefully peaceful and prosperous future . 
  we can into potato . 
  in eu spirit we can share potato with latvian brothers . 
  bagpipes are an irish instrument . 
  there just very popular in scotland . 
  thanks for reposting my post from / r/militaryporn / s http://www.reddit.com/r/militaryporn/comments/2yjx5a/irish_defence_forces_col_paddy_mcdaniel_and_other/, 
  wait so the irish air corps have more active helicopters than the entire german air force ? 
  that ca n't be right and is mind blowing if it is true !, 
  it 's a secret ? 
  what about all of the protests , demonstration throughout ireland and it been on the news here every other day . 
  til : irish and english the official languages of ireland are foreign languages . 
  it has worked brilliantly . 
  almost no one uses plastic bags anymore in ireland . 
  it was introduced in 2004 and within less than a year most people stopped using plastic bags . 
  public opinion is that it was a brilliant decision by the government . 
  ireland introduced a 20c tax on plastic bags years ago . 
  so if you get six bags with your shopping thats $ 1.20 . 
  within weeks plastic bags almost completely vanished and now everyone uses reusable eco-friendly bags . 
  should i be insulted ? 
  a compromise , we rejoin the uk you support a federal eu . 
  a federal european union , 
  trolling you ... did you see ireland !, 
  yeah we really have none . 
  not a single one . 
  the joke going over his head . 
  subs and frigates in a field . 
   ireland does n't have an army . 
  ireland has no potentially hostile neighbors and yet still has a bigger military than several nato members and a proportionally bigger military than nations like portugal which have much larger populations . 
  i support further european integration and do n't mind if other eu states want this but ireland will never join . 
  we value our neutrality to much even voting no to the lisbon treaty until we got a clause protecting it . 
  god remember when they convinced media outlets around the world that north korean media had claimed nk had landed someone on the sunday . 
  wwn is brilliant !, 
  take your irish down votes for saying british isles :p, 
  never ever ` southern ireland ', 
  for such a small nation i love that our flag is there . 
  if we and all memebers contributed 2 % of gdp to the esa imagine what we could do !, 
  it would be better spent than on nato as most other nations aim to do . 
  edit : i know defence is more important to many states ( and rightly so for many ) . 
  i 'm just saying it would be nice if we could spend our money on research instead of armies . 
  if the uk implements a border policy ireland will have no reason not to join schengen , the only reason we are n't in it now is because of that border . 
  ireland supported joining it but the uk would n't and we vaulted uk free travel more but if that 's gone ... 
  in ireland the presidents role is to protect the constitution . 
  our government can not change the constitution , only a national referendum can change the constitution and even then the president can call a council of state ( president advised by former presidents , prime ministers and appointed individuals with expertise in the area of said law ) and decide to refer the change back to the government for changes if it violates the constitution . 
  also he can stop any laws that do not change but violate the constitution . 
  if needed in order to enforce this the president is supreme commander of the military and can declare a state of emergency or dissolve the government . 
  while the government controls the police and courts ( although supreme courth judges need presidential approval ) . 
  the president is usually just a figure head but does have real powers to balance that of the government so no one person or group can ever get to much power here .
