  / r/ireland is purely about ireland . 
  news , politics and all the random wonders of reddit related to ireland . 
  it 's also an all island subreddit not a national one making it a bit diffrent although it is dominated by people from the republic . 
  people not from ireland , post at your own risk . 
  we have a let 's say diffrent sense of humour and will rip you to shreds along with any irish person who gives us the chance . 
  do n't take it as an insult , it 's just irish humour e.g. 
  poor america user and a snickers bar . 
  it 's also the most popular country subreddit per capita in europe . 
  go have a look at the top posts ever on / r/ireland if you want a good laugh . 
  well if you promise not to be cunts we can maybe discuss it . 
  fun fact irish citizens are not legally foreigners in the uk and have a special status giving them almost equal rights to uk citizens , including the right to vote . 
  uk citizens in ireland have the same status and rights , just ca n't vote for our president . 
  ireland and the uk have the same netflix library so 2 countries . 
  no one does . 
  even in ireland we ignore his ramblings . 
  obama care is a long long way off most european health care, 
  we should hold a referendum and actually do this . 
  nato member beside russia , thats why . 
  now is the time to strike !, 
  we can secretly replace the refugees been sent back to turkey with troops as a surprise attack while simultaneously launching an invasion to reclaim northern cyprus for the glory of the european union !!, 
  i for one welcome our new ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ russian overlords . 
  ireland has one of the highest immigrant population in europe , around 13 % and that 's almost all in the last 15 years . 
  yet we do n't have a far right party and no party opposes immigration . 
  i can tell you that here in ireland ukip i 'd seen as an extremely right wing party in the uk . 
  this is just an outside perspective from ireland . 
  your not looking at it as it was saw at the time . 
  no one knew the holocaust and other horrible atrocities were happing in german controlled europe . 
  ireland saw it as yet another imperial war like ww1 as did most countries . 
  also ireland had not yet recovered from world war one , the war of independence and following civil war and our civil war was over ireland being partitioned into two countries with the anti treaty side losing . 
  the anti treaty side considered the new government a uk puppet and if ireland joined the uk in another imperialist war it would have restarted the civil war . 
  thay been said tens of thousands of irish men did join the british army to fight europe . 
  also most nations including norway did everything they could to stay neutral . 
  if norway had n't been invaded they would not have joined the war either . 
  unlike other neutral nations we did nothing to aid germany . 
  so do not condemn us or say we should be shamed not to have joined the war . 
  that was us keeping our neutrality . 
  we actually gave all the weather reports and intelligence we could get to the uk , we also held any axis personnel who came to ireland prisoner . 
  ok take it all out of context and include ww2 for god knows what reason . 
  we gave them a big loan in the 1920 's to fund there war against the tsar . 
  proclamation 24 april 1916 ( the rising / start point ) declaration 21 january 1919 ( war of independence ) anglo-irish treaty 6 december 1921 ( end of war of independence ) 1922 constitution 6 december 1922 ( start of irish free state , a british dominion ) 1937 constitution 29 december 1937 ( new constitution / start of state in current form ) republic act 18 april 1949 ( declaration of irish republic , removal of king as head of state ) this is the reason we celebrate our independence on this day . 
  everyone can agree it was the start point of independence , what these men and women did caused the rest and led to independence . 
  the other date we could celebrate is over 30 years later and ireland had been mostly independent until then or do we celebrate 1937 when the current state began , no one date can be chosen over the others but 1916 . 
  our independence was n't like say in the us where on one day the officially went from a colony to independent , ours took decades so we do n't have a 4th of july date hence we celebrate the beginning of that struggle . 
   then celebrate on actual independence day , all the proof i need you do n't understand irish independence at all . 
  also i 'm also an australian citizen , 
  how did we give the uk the middle finger . 
  we invited your ambassador and gave him a front row seat with former pm 's . 
  we included the union jack in the parade with other national flags . 
  one numerous occasions it was mentioned how the relationship between the uk and ireland today is so good and how much work how did we give the uk the middle finger . 
  we invited your ambassador and gave him a front row seat with former pm 's . 
  we included the union jack in the parade with other national flags . 
  one numerous occasions it was mentioned how the relationship between the uk and ireland today is so good and how much work we have both put in to achieve this . 
  you ca n't just expect us to forget our past and not celebrate our independence . 
  ~ ~ how did we give the uk the middle finger . 
  we invited your ambassador and gave him a front row seat with former pm 's . 
  we included the union jack in the parade with other national flags . 
  one numerous occasions it was mentioned how the relationship between the uk and ireland today is so good and how much work we have both put in to achieve this . ~ ~ ~ ~ you ca n't just expect us to forget our past and not celebrate our independence . ~ ~ sorry replied to wrong comment : /, 
  i said thanks for funding our war of independence not the ira of the mid to late 20th century who was a completely different group who came from the losing side of our civil war . 
  that was actually a huge factor in us winning our war of independence 1919 to 1921, 
  i suppose this is the best place to thank the nations that helped us achieve our independence throughout our history . 
  to the french people for the army of 1100 men of the first french republic sent to ireland in 1798 to join 50000 irish men and the 14000 french soldiers who attempted to land here 2 years previous but were stopped by the royal navy . 
  thank you . 
  to the german people , thank you for all of the arms you provide ireland enabling us to carry out this rising and later fight our war of independence . 
  thank you . 
  to the americans who financed our war of independence and fought for our international recognition . 
  thank you and to all the other nations that helped in other ways towoards our gaining independence , thank you . 
  this is all actually way to accurate and true . 
  the 2 suicide bombers were belgian citizens not refugee 's . 
  they do n't exist anymore , what 's left is just a drug gang using the name to give themselves some form of validation . 
  i do n't know why ireland is n't a zero . 
  there has n't been a terrorist attack carried out or even a real threat in years . 
  the uk is so high because of the fear of another 7/7 as there are alot of people who want to attack but this does n't mean they can as the uk has excellent border control ... . called the channel . 
  it helps us been islands . 
  since the good friday agreement british isles is no longer a term used officially . 
  both countries now say britain and ireland or ` these islands ' . 
  no there not bad at all . 
  i think we 'd get on great in a celtic union with scotland . 
  can we have wales ? 
  haha to true . 
  not our fault we 're lovable drunks, 
  [ here 's the video in irish ] ( https://youtu.be/qrgjf73qkdu ), 
  you are hereby disowned by the irish . 
  in ireland calling it st pattys day is seen as the height of american ignorance and insulting . 
  i presume ireland would be included since we already have a common travel area with the uk . 
  it is extremely unlikely this vote will pass if it even happens . 
  economically it would destroy ireland for years and restart the troubles in which thousands died last time . 
  as for laws , they are very similar as we both use common law . 
  to do it ireland would probably have to become a federal republic with two regional governments for a few years or decades working towards integration . 
  that been said people in ireland ( republic ) including myself would overwhelmingly vote in favor of unification if it passed in ni . 
  eurostat ranks ireland as the most supporting nation of the eu with support well over 90 % . 
  it never even dropped below 90 % at the worst point of the recession so i do n't think it will ever happen . 
  also i was amazed at the news yesterday that the deputy leader of the northern ireland government is using brexit and people in northern ireland 's wishes to stay in the eu to call for a vote on the unification of ireland in the event of a brexit . 
  for the first few years or decades it would have to be a federal republic with two regional governments working towards full integration . 
  i ca n't see any other option working . 
  all fear the irish minister of defence and agriculture !, 
  yes we have one minister for the two . 
  national policy and motto . 
  it 's been grand so far . 
  there has also been a huge surge in the number of britons seeking irish citizenship . 
  for anyone that is interested this is the ` proclamation of an irish republic ' in 1916 , 100 years ago this year .
