  no we wo n't , we would have no reason to and the government has already stated they wo n't even consider leaving the eu . 
  the eu has done more for ireland in the last 40 years than britain did . 
  ok if thats your opinion on neutrality i wo n't argue but check your facts on ireland 's operations first , for one the irish government has never payed a ransom to a foreign terrorist organisation and irish peacekeepers have carried out important missions in kosovo , chad , lebanon and east timor to name a few . 
  for a very small country we do more than others with similarly small armies . 
  we have just over 9000 active soldiers in all 3 branches . 
  if the uk leaves we will be the only english speaking member state and most of these banks and institutions already have smaller operations in dublin . 
  bank of america already operates out of ireland for a big portion of there european business . 
  the laws here are a bit different but are generally the same as the uk so they would have no real problem moving to dublin . 
  the original report is by the `` financial times '' but is behind a pay wall . 
  there is actually two big reasons . 
  1 ) our neutrality allows us to send peacekeepers on missions around the world safely to nations other western nations ca n't go . 
  for example we currently have several hundred troops peacekeeping in syria . 
  2 ) we have no enemies what so ever , even al qaeda release an irish hostages they have unharmed and we have an almost zero risk of terrorist attack . 
  arming the kurds ( which even a big irish contribution would only be a drop i the ocean ) would make us an enemy and could compromise my previous two points and more . 
  staying neutral allows ireland to do more good around the world than not . 
  because of our constitution we can not take military action including peace keeping missions , training foreign militarises or arming people without permission from our president , both the upper and lower houses of government and the un . 
  no and yes , it 's extremely complicated . 
  sssshhh , no tax havens to see here ... ... . 
  the title is very misleading , neutral eu nations ( ireland and sweden ) did not want to become very involved more than condemning the actions of isis . 
  what they all agreed was that individual eu member states could take action themselves if they wished . 
  so now all non-neutral eu nations are backing the kurds . 
  we proposed it a few years ago but the uk said it would be to expensive ( excuse was the channel tunnel was not worth it so why would this one be ) . 
  i do n't know why because if we can afford it the uk defiantly can . 
  this is one of the only downsides of being an small island . 
  our rail network is small and has 1 state owned operator as a result it is the least used form of transport in ireland . 
  i think you should go back and look at more irish history , you do n't seem to have a very good understanding of it . 
  more there for a parade than in our entire military, 
  [ i like the mediterranean and skiing . 
  something very similar happened when we banned smoking in public places as we where the first nation in the world to do it . 
  we will be the first eu nation to introduce this and the rest will follow like last time because it makes sense . 
  less tobacco advertising = less new smokers . 
  the 5 % was negotiable and unlike the other loans they did not make specific request like the ecb and imf setting very high goals to meet to receive the loans . 
  yeah the uk pretty much gave us a blank check with no conditions attached . 
  this played a part in us inviting the queen to ireland to bury the hatchet once and for all . 
  we will most likely pay you back before we pay the imf and ecb, 
  i do n't want to see it replace english , i would just like to be able to converse in it fluently . 
  i would like to see our language revived . 
  it was almost completely destroyed when the english made it a criminal offence to not speak english for several generations and even into the 1900 's you would not want to be caught speaking it . 
  irish ( gailge ) is only spoken now by a very small minority in the west of ireland . 
  the government is doing a decent job keeping it alive , all road signs and official documents are in both irish and english also everyone learns it in school but not enough to be fully fluent even though it is our official language alongside english . 
  we already left the union , how much further do we have to go : s, 
  they funny thing is that the gas is offshore and the refinery was built offshore at a greater expense so as not to disrupt the locals . 
  what they are protesting is a very small plant on shore to take the refined gas from the pipe and either pipe to to all of ireland for domestic use , the uk for sale or put it onto ships . 
  there is actually no environmental damage done or danger of it at this plant . 
  get a lot of tug boats and move closer to the us . 
  we ca n't , loads of european environmentalists keep protesting against gas and stopping the work . 
  almost all of the locals support the refinery because it will bring jobs but some locals ( a small minority ) and a lot activists from other eu nations who have no reason to be here other than to piss off people are holding it up by blocking roads . 
  ireland has it 's own natural gas resources , when we finish our new refinery we will be able to process enough to sell it to more than just the uk . 
  woops i just took the first image after googling dail without really looking : /, 
  this confusing stuff is probably why people still think we are in the uk . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  ireland 's are very obvious . 
  and before you say northern ireland , even though it is a different country it is not a foreign country so the border is n't a border in the traditional sense . 
  yeah even our national anthem is about fighting the british . 
  the image for ireland is the general post office . 
  this is our parliament or as we call it [ d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_asn8uuscgsw/tfndjkdslxi/aaaaaaaaayy/ju6gvv0msi8/s1600/001pau15599.jpg ), 
  ok so then why not england ? 
  it 's not the most impressive but it is one of the most historic sites in modern ireland . 
  it is where 1916 revolutionaries were executed after the 1916 rising by the british army without trial , an event that ultimately triggered the war of independence in 1919 . 
  ok , i 've only seen the new ones on the dublin to galway route . 
  a [ 99 ] ( http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6084/6073220798_38659267e6_o.jpg ) is a brilliant ice cream . 
  would you like some sprinkles ? 
  ok , no problem , 
  sanctions in ireland are up to 235 million . 
  almost 200 million more than the uk . 
  the nordic battle group which ireland is a member of trains every year . 
  usually in either ireland or finland . 
  source : i served in the defence forces reserve . 
  this is mostly done because ireland and finland have joint peacekeeping missions in lebanon and until recently in chad . 
  :( ireland sells them almost a quarter of a billion euro worth of food . 
  in a completely unrelated topic ... would you be interested in some more agricultural products . 
  for example ireland rejected the lisbon treaty in a referendum as it allows the eu to have a defence pact ( a bit like nato ) . 
  it was amended to allow ireland to choose to stay neutral if anything ever happened . 
  it was the passed in a second referendum . 
  note : this is an extremely simplified explanation , this treaty involved every eu nation and was extremely complicated . 
  uk and ireland is now the official term used when mentioning the two islands . 
  it replaces the term `` british isles '' as part of the anglo irish treaty . 
  i said uk and ireland as there are no other cities in ireland to compare it 's size to that someone from outside either nation would understand . 
  ireland has clauses in the eu treaties to keep us neutral . 
  under the common security and defence policy we are still neutral unless the eu itself is in danger in which case we do not have to fight . 
  this is mostly because we are to small to defend ourselves never mind actually going to fight . 
  the only nation we would consider getting involved in a war to help defend is the uk as if they fall we fall . 
  officially no nation disputes our neutrality . 
  since ww2 started we have had a policy of neutrality . 
  this was first adopted because after the war of independence , civil war and economic war we were in no shape to fight in a world war . 
  since joining the eu we have also had several treaties amended to keep us neutral . 
  this policy has allowed us to send peace keepers to regions some nations can not ( i.e. 
  syria ) and because we have bad relations with no country our citizens can travel and trade with almost any country in the world ( i say almost as we have no relations with nations such as north korea ) . 
  i think this is the first time sanction have been imposed on us since the [ economic war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-irish_trade_war ) with the uk from 1932 to 1938 . 
  the image for ireland shows the old train , they have been replaced with [ these . 
  ] ( http://wp-ag.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/sites/9/2014/03/irishrail.jpg ), 
  ireland is neutral and we were trying to stay out of this conflict . 
  these sanctions will take a quarter of a billion euro from our economy ( which is noticeable to a small nation ) . 
  so ... this now effects us directly and without effecting our neutrality we can safely say `` go fuck yourself russia , stop trying to annex more regions that are n't yours . 
  i said `` in the uk and ireland '' meaning it is 4th out of all the cities in the two countries . 
  this applies to all of ireland , it is because we have a low density population and there is no real need for high rise buildings and they will ruin the view wherever they are . 
  but this will most likely change in dublin in the next decade as it is now the 4th largest city in the uk and ireland and will be the 3rd soon if the growth continues at the current rate and property space is now at a premium . 
  ireland is slowly coming out of recession but dublin city flew out of recession a long time ago and is growing fast again . 
  ireland is the only other eu country with english as a first language . 
  dublin is a very multicultural city with around 12 % of the population been from different ethnic background from irish and it is the 4th largest city in britain and ireland .
