  i wont the 8th to be repealed but it 's not happening soon, 
  ireland can into nordic , we are in the eu nordic battle group . 
  ^ quietly ^ ask 's ^ estonia ^ to ^ back ^ me ^ up, 
  we do n't really hate the uk , they are now our closet ally . 
  we were a semi tax haven for us companies but that law has changed and in 2 years we wo n't be a haven any more . 
  also we are one of the 10 most atheist countries in the world . 
  also in the last generation religion in ireland has died . 
  heathens , the fucking lot of ya !!, 
  you can turn on english subtitles on the video . 
  i do not agree with the actions of alexis tsipras but come on now these people are supposed to be mep 's . 
  he should be shown the respect he deserves as the pm of greece and not booed . 
  especially inside the eu parliament . 
  they pooled their money and bought a submarine . 
  apple employees over 4000 people here , google employees 2500 people and opened a new office with space for much more , microsoft employee 's over 2000 people and is now building an entire campus to accommodate more staff , dell employees over 2500 people and facebook employees over 500 people and has moved to a new office with space for 1100 people . 
  this is just naming a few companies . 
  none of these are small hq 's for tax avoidance . 
  they are extremely large and valuable parts of the businesses and proof tax is not the only reason they came to ireland and continue to expand their operations here . 
  also the vast majority of these staff are irish so yes they are large employers of irish workers . 
  do some research before you post nonsense next time . 
  it 's us companies only . 
  they set up here in part because of the low tax and the double irish loophole ( which is now closed ) and because we have a well educated english speaking population . 
  the last point is a very big one for most companies . 
  sums it up really, 
  the double irish loophole which allowed us based companies to put their hq in ireland so as not to pay tax in the us and then have all their profits go straight to the us having never entered ireland has now been closed . 
  also yes we do have a 12.5 % corporation tax but when you add all the taxes on a companies profits in ireland our tax rate is almost the same as denmark 's . 
  edit : i found a source on tax on profits : https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/38tkt8/corporate_taxes_paid_as_a_of_profit_oc_1920_x_1080/, 
  yes , our economy is very export based as we have very limited natural resources . 
  ireland is the world 's largest net producer and exporter in the world for pharmaceutical goods , one of the largest net exporters of computer goods and is a large agriculture exporter to europe . 
  our largest trade partner for imports and exports is the usa as we have positioned ourself as their doorway into the eu market as a business friendly english speaking nation . 
  for anyone not from ireland . 
  the author of this article is well know in ireland and is a very conservative gobshite ( asshole ) . 
  he campaigned heavily against same sex marriage in the recent referendum , hates the eu and will make any excuse to complain about it , is a leading figure in the pro life movement to keep all forms of abortion illegal in ireland . 
  he gets published in papers because he is controversial . 
  it 's amazing how much ireland has changed since we joined the eu . 
  we were by far the poorest nation in western europe ( we as a result had large work poverty ) and now we rank among the wealthiest nations in the world . 
  this is about granting citizenship not asylum . 
  these people have already lived in ireland a number of years and met all the criteria to become a full citizen . 
  i doubt a single immigrant from the mediterranean crisis has received citizenship here . 
  it will be a few years before the first of them are even eligible for citizenship . 
  the double irish loophole was closed last year , companies can no longer pass their money through ireland for tax avoidance . 
  it was op who started shouting, 
  actually the biggest factor in our high gdp is that ireland is the worlds largest net exporter of pharmaceutical goods . 
  [ this is my favorite rendition of ode to joy . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87qt5bol2xu ), 
   but you still did n't win the actual war the aim of the war was to achieve independence , that was achieved . 
   and you did a good job with your independence . 
  well since ireland has a higher standard of living , is wealthier ( according to the imf , world bank and eurostat ) , more peaceful , has a higher education standard , is a more developed nation ( higher on human development index ) , a more democratic democracy than the uk even after a reccssion i would say we are doing a great job at independence . 
  combined source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_rankings_of_the_republic_of_ireland, 
  militarily yes it was a stalemate that resulted in westminster calling a truce . 
  but the war resulted in the uk losing control of ireland with us gaining independence . 
  i think that counts as a win for us . 
  [ official global and diaspora announcement video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0daa_3jbqm ) today the global and diaspora programme for the commemoration of the 1916 rising in ireland was announced . 
  this will be a week of celebration of ireland , it 's diaspora around the world and commemorate the rising against british rule in ireland 100 years previous . 
  it will be mainly in ireland , the usa , the uk and australia with smaller events in many other countries . 
  the uk events will be focused on our shared history and how we have moved from the rising to the present where ireland and the uk have a brilliant relationship with the uk been our strongest and best allie . 
  the rising in 1916 was a military failure but caused a huge shift in irish public opinion to british rule and in 1919 after a general election in which the sinn fein party won a huge majority they then refused to take their seats as mp 's in westminster . 
  they instead set up their own government of the irish republic as declared in the 1916 rising . 
  by 1921 this government with it 's armed forces the ` irish republican army ' or ira ( not the terrorist group that appeared later with the same name ) had won the war of independence . 
  since ireland became an independent dominion of britain ( like canada and australia ) after the war in 1921 , was partitioned in 1922 and cut all ties to britain becoming a republic in 1949 we do n't have one set independence day so instead celebrate the event where the irish republic was first declared . 
  this repatriation practice know as the double irish loophole has been now closed and new companies can no longer do it and existing companies have  3 years to adjust their business in accordance with the new law . 
  actually with the declining unionist population and growing nationalist / non-unionist population it is very possible before the end of the century we will see a situation where ni may vote to rejoin ireland . 
  because of the good friday agreement all that is needed for a vote like this to take place is a nationalist majority in government and at the moment the unionists have a very small majority that is declining with each election . 
  although the situation is see as more likely is ni demanding more powers to rule itself likes scotland and maybe eventually becoming it 's own independent state in the long term as ni is now developing it 's own identity slowly instead of identifying with ireland or the uk . 
  haha you might want to actually look at some financial statistics instead of regular media who are losing their shit over greece . 
  ireland is currently wealthier than the uk and has a better performing economy according to eurostat , the imf , the world bank and every other source . 
  did n't we already know this . 
  did the uk government really expect to be able to propose treaty changes , have them debated in europe and then have all member states vote on ratifying the changes ( which may require referendums in some nations ) before the vote . 
  in ireland every family gets a `` children 's benefit '' of $ 135 a month per child but the cost of 2 children even with this should mean less money than someone with none . 
  it does n't really make sense . 
  my mate works in dublin airport and on more than one occasion americans have arrived with british pounds to be amazed to find us using euro 's and wo n't accept their pounds . 
  i also work in retail and once had a discussion at the check out with a customer ( american ) who was amazed their was two currencies in ireland ( he had just traveled from belfast to dublin ) . 
  it blew his mind when i told him he had crossed into a different country . 
  i still ca n't believe he did n't notice the language used on every road sign had changed from english to irish when he crossed the border . 
   beer is not food [ you obviously have n't had a guinness before . 
  ] ( http://blog.dublinpass.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/guinness1.jpg ), 
  that 's very understandable having to cut it down . 
  it 's easily the best short comprehensive video i have ever seen on irish history . 
  it is a very good video . 
  it glosses over a lot of significant events and the reasons for a lot of the conflicts but that is to be expected when you try and fit 800 years of history into a short video . 
  it 's not that bad , you get used to it always been autumn . 
  yay , people are n't including ireland with the pigs anymore !, 
  ireland has a very good pension scheme . 
  the low percentage is a result of high gdp for a small population and having the youngest population in the eu . 
  omg we are so broke ... 
  i know sure we even have plans for invading and retaking ni . 
  it does n't mean we are going to try and do it . 
  although we came scarily close in the 80 's with the army been mobilized to retake derry . 
   if the uk leaves the eu trade zone , ireland will have to either a ) leave the eu as well or b ) begin customs enforcement at the border with the uk . 
  no we would n't . 
  this has been discussed here extensively . 
  free trade and travel would continue . 
  ireland is not in the schengen area and our travel agreement with the uk the ` common travel area ' is an agreement separate from the eu and due to this free trade would continue with a new agreement already been drafted by both governments in the event of a brexit that would immediately come into effect . 
  so business would continue as normal . 
  ireland and the uk have an unusual relationship . 
  we are separate independent nations but our citizens can vote in each others countries , serve in each others armies , irish citizens have equal rights to uk citizens in the uk and uk citizens have equal rights to irish citizens in ireland . 
  ireland has already said it will not leave the eu no matter what happens in the uk as the irish people are the most supportive of the eu of all 28 members . 
  even mentioning the idea of ireland leaving the eu or the euro zone is crazy here . 
  i do n't think there is even a single td ( irish mp ) in government against eu membership here . 
  apparently they were taking a group photo . 
  i 'm from the area in south dublin where all the victims are from and everyone here is devastated .
