  if you have any questions visit / r/ireland or / r/irishtourism both communities are very helpful to anyone with questions about ireland . 
  in ireland we have a restriction on how tall buildings can be . 
  the elysian 68m is the tallest tower and required special permission , but some old church spires are taller . 
  say 's ireland , shows image of northern ireland : s, 
  it 's not true , the tabloid paper lied . 
  they are n't boycotting them . 
  this article links to a tabloid that is blowing a story out of proportion by lying . 
  one store manager tried to do it and was told to stop . 
  fixed it , 
  amazingly dublin is the safest capital city in the eu for [ pedestrians ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/viewpoints/columnists/ann-cahill/dublin-tops-eu-capitals-for-drop-in-road-deaths-74334.html ) ... but not cyclists . 
  most big cities have a good metro or tram system . 
  buses in dublin are not always on time but they are very frequent and there is rarely more than a few people at a stop . 
  the buses used to all have 2 doors but the second door was almost never used so they recently got newer buses with one door and replaced the second door area with a wheelchair / child pram bay . 
  remember dublin and edinburgh are small cities with only 1 million people in dublin and half that in edinburgh . 
  correct but all our manuals and equipment is nato and we train with them so use not been a member is just a way for use to keep claiming we are neutral . 
  i served for 5 years in the army . 
  we are not in nato as you say but every piece of equipment says nato and we use nato manuals to train . 
  irish soldiers are trained the same as and to the same level as the british army . 
  ( if a war ever involved ireland we would fight as a division with britain most likely ) . 
  world rankings for the level of training of soldiers always has us equal to britain . 
  since the army was reorganized in 2006 instead of training as many soldiers as possible we now concentrate on having a smaller better trained and very well equipped army . 
  in eu battle group exercises ( joint exercises with most eu armies ) we actually out prefom some nato members . 
  we are part of the eu 's quick reaction force [ nordic battle group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_battle_group ), 
  this year alone in syria they have come under artillery fire and it was just lucky they were all in apc 's as it was practically on top of them . 
  they were also attacked by a force of rebels who they repelled and one of the vehicles hit a ied but it was one of the new aroused jeeps designed take a hit . 
  the next vehicle that could of hit it was an army nissan . 
  so they are by no means seeing no combat . 
  yeah some try every year but none have ever gotten passed the 3rd or 4th day . 
  ca n't remember which . 
  i seen them in the curragh last year a few day 's into the selection course . 
  they looked ready to die . 
  ireland does n't have conscription but on the point of sexism , the irish defence forces is on of only a few completely gender neutral military 's in the world . 
  a female can work in any position in the army , navy or air corps even in front line infantry . 
  there is no difference in the military between male and female . 
  what 's the best thing that ever happened between england and ireland ? 
  the irish sea !, 
  wo n't lie , i laughed . 
  that because of neutrality . 
  we will abstain from anything that does n't directly effect us . 
  this policy has allowed us to send un peacekeepers to regions most other western nations ca n't such as syria . 
  i seen this before . 
  always makes me laugh . 
  region locked :(, 
  your battle group is nothing compared to the mighty [ nordic battle group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_battle_group ), 
  omg , an american who actually understands ireland . 
  they said i was mad but i knew there had to be at least one . 
  the posts are genuine and have been on the national news here after the latest post . 
  kicking out the ambassador over the crisis in gaza is not the right way to go about objecting to it but the the current ambassador is a racist idiot who needs to be replaced . 
  or irland ** e ** in french . 
  for a country that went bankrupt only a few years ago were doing very well now , 
  i never heard about that rumour so i could n't comment on it . 
  i grew up in and live in dublin , i have a big interest in history and every time i 'm on o'connell st. 
  i take a minute to look at the old bullet holes and buildings . 
  the irish government is now planning to invite the queen to the 1916 centenary commemoration in 2016 as a sign of how much our two nations have come in the last 100 years from bitter enemies to britain becoming ireland 's greatest allie . 
  also a fun fact : when nelsons pillar was bombed little to no damage was done to the surrounding buildings but when the army was asked to knock down what was left they used to much explosive and did thousands in damage to the surrounding buildings . 
  if the uk leaves the eu it will have little to no effect on ireland 's and the uk 's relationship . 
  most of the trade agreements , free travel , etc predate the eu . 
  and yet everyone calls us the drunks . 
  since may we have a several hundred troops in the golan heights with india . 
  they are there to stop israel and syria from fighting and making the situation worse and to also ensure the safety of people in the area . 
  so far they have been ambushed , had artillery fired at them and hit an ied . 
  thankfully no one has died so far thanks to the armored vehicles and their training . 
  we sent troops there since the countries ( some western ) that where there decided it was to dangerous and left . 
  several videos show that the knocks do not give enough time for anyone to leave . 
  do n't know why your been downvoted what you said is true . 
  also the new ministers have reverse all he did already . 
  no , it 's because the situation in palestine is somewhat similar to our history ( in a overall sense ) . 
  british settlement in northern ireland which the effects of are still very noticeable centuries later and past displacement and religious prosecution . 
  because of our past we culturally feel we should support the little guy . 
  from 1916 and 1919-1921 the irish who fought for independence where viewed as and treated as terrorists for bombings and ambushes that gained us independence . 
  this is only one of the reasons but is a noticeable one . 
  note : rereading this i sound a bit anti-british , i 'm not and like britain . 
  we are one of the only western nations with troops actually in syria . 
  was n't expecting that at the end . 
  burn, 
  except the arms dealers , they win no matter who wins . 
  the majority of europe 's jewish population was displaced during ww2 . 
  after the war britain who controlled the region allowed the jewish population to move there and helped create the israeli state . 
  they never asked the local population who where mostly muslim thus setting the stage for the current and past conflicts . . 
  yeah , the second paragraph of this link explains it quickly . 
  he implemented a policy called `` to hell or to connaught '' . 
  this was covert or move to connaught ( western most province ) or got to hell ( die ) . 
  to this day when an irish politicion visits the uk all images of him are taken down . 
  in the early 2000 's our pm refused to have a meeting in a goverment room named after him . 
  after irish independence the uk kept st. patricks cross in the flag to represent ni and still use it but the people of ni wanted to disassociate themselves from the south so choose a new flag based on england st. georges cross . 
  actually england ( normans ) invaded first in 1169 and from that point on part of ireland was under english rule . 
  much later cromwell invaded and conquered the rest . 
  he is the adolf hitler of irish history and every schoolchild learns about him . 
  he had 40 - 50 % of the population killed during the war and after for not converting to protestantism . 
  note : i really like england , do n't want to come across as some anti-british asshole . 
  no they do n't . 
  do you have any understanding of the situation in ni ? 
  the irish government supports palestine over isreal ( but do n't say it outwrite because we are '' `` cough cough '' '' ... neutral . 
  therefore loyalists hate them . 
  yeah we have the least newborn deaths of any country in the world . 
  something we should be more proud of . 
  actually a dome over the whole area like in the simpsons movie might work better . 
  we secretly do n't want it anymore . 
  it 's a economic , social and security nightmare to deal with . 
  yes , but it was been twisted by extreme loyalists into a sectarian celebration in recent years .
