china is the largest by all economic standards . 
  eu is ranked about third so i do n't know where your pulling your statistics from . 
  sorry i should have specified . 
  i was just pointing out that sexual assault was n't the only violent acts being committed . 
  i know it was n't in germany , but i figured it was relevant since it also happened nearby in europe and during nye as well . 
  it 's a form of cultural subjugation . 
  if you were to go to jordan or lebanon you would rarely see a burqa'a or niqab . 
  before isis and the civil war , you would never see them in iraq or syria either . 
  i do n't even think egypt was big on them . 
  saudi arabia is the biggest proponent , along with iran for women to wear clothing like this . 
  they use the religion to oppress the women and force them to wear the veils . 
  and now we have western women wearing it with `` pride '' for their religion or because france banned them . 
  greatest example of muslim women not understanding their own culture or religion . 
  i 've seen more american/european women wearing the headgear than i ever have in the middle east ( outside of saudi arabia ) . 
  they took a form of oppression and embraced it . 
  an iraqi woman i know who is in her 50s could n't believe that people would wear that here , she thought they were crazy . 
  arab nations have routinely treated africans poorly . 
  yes it may say north african , but that does n't mean anything really . 
  north africa is mostly sahara desert . 
  egypt , libya , algeria , morocco are all african nations and their climate , geography is all very similar to most arab nations . 
  it just so happens that they occupy northern africa instead of the middle east . 
  just take a look at sudan to understand arab mistreatment of black africans . 
  north sudan is desert and has a larger arab demographic . 
  south sudan is black african and more rainforest arable land . 
  there have been so many conflicts between those two demographics and now the country has been split across those two lines . 
  for those who will say i 'm racist or something . 
  i speak arabic , i know more about their cultures than most non-arabs do , and i have not only studied these issues , but have heard them first hand from arabs . 
  the sudan issues specifically from my black african sudanese teacher who also taught me arabic . 
  they are n't just groping/raping women . 
  this was also one of the many things they did : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4ppmp-udh0, 
  that is true , but things are much more even keel now . 
  the scales have even tipped in the opposite direction in ** some ** areas , but not all . 
  as much as you dislike the bbc , that license fee is probably what is saving it from becoming like american national news . 
  ours have to fight for ratings and viewership to make money since they ca n't get it from taxes or government funding . 
  publicly funded news is a good thing , even if the bbc have been blundering shit up recently . 
  you ca n't if they do n't want to . 
  you would have to find a way to change their minds , but that would require a certain subtlety i do n't possess . 
  yet , if your dealing with foreigners who do n't want to assimilate , then it brings to mind the question of `` why are they here ? '' . 
  yet , that is only seeing it from one perspective . 
  maybe the problem is you think they do n't want to assimilate . 
  maybe because you see them wearing hijab or acting differently than people you are used to , that , you think they do n't want to assimilate . 
  another perspective is a lot of people from the middle east come to western countries , because they are fleeing their former country and coming to the west as refugees . 
  it was n't on these people 's minds to have to emigrate . 
  they were n't planning on changing their lives completely and putting themselves into a culture and society that is alien to them . 
  they were given no other choice if they wanted to escape the violence and oppression . 
  they all heard stories about how the west is paradisaical . 
  that america 's streets are paved with gold , and how everyone else loves living in europe . 
  many did n't expect the major culture shock they are exposed to . 
  many more were n't expecting the animosity you find ( notably in france ) towards their culture . 
  i think the deeper you go into this issue , you 'll find we in the west are just as much to blame , if not more , for their delayed assimilation into western culture . 
  people have different backgrounds and different experiences in life . 
  best thing to do is accommodate and help someone acclimate to the culture shock . 
  if everyone acts like smug pricks to foreigners , then that person will never fully assimilate into the new culture and society . 
  if you keep treating muslims and arabs like shit and alienate them like we see here , then how the fuck are they supposed to become a member of your society ? 
  btw , i 'm not using the pronoun `` you '' to signify you in particular . 
  i love all of you swedes . 
  do n't hate me . 
  fair enough , i 'm not asssuming you 're on any side . 
  i 'm just trying to provide as much unbiased information about the issue . 
  i would have to say the issue always ends up polarized , because of the moral implications but more so because of us policy . 
  the fact that we are seen and act like the world 's police force and that we use our military and multiple agencies to further our agenda . 
   `` those soldiers knew what they were getting into !, 
  '' , nor is it as simple as saying : `` all soldiers are heroes ! '', 
  i do n't think many people would ever consider saying either of these in the us . 
  maybe it 's because i spend most of my time with people of academia , but it seems like something most people would never encounter in a conversation . 
  i do n't think most people would believe either of those statements . 
  you 'll have your biased individuals who will believe things like that , but i have too much hope for humanity to truly believe that is a prevalent thought process in america . 
  we are largely stereotyped these days , and most of it just is n't true from my experiences . 
  you 'll most certainly run into people who will believe what you expect them to , but it just is n't the majority . 
  well , almost everyone who joins the military , joins the military as a supporting role . 
  as in , there job will be to provide support for those on the battlefield . 
  it may be surprising , but most people in the military will never kill someone . 
  there are roughly 3 million military personnel in the us . 
  maybe 200,000 tops are in a combative role . 
  the rest are to provide support to those 200,000 . 
  these numbers are rounded and are n't exact , but from my research they are pretty damn close . 
  the army has 55,000 combat troops and they provide the bulk . 
  now , it could be said that every marine is an infantryman , and that i have n't figured into my numbers . 
  my point still stands though , most who join will never see combat and only serve from a role of support . 
  that is a huge part of it , but not the only factor . 
  you are correct though , it has always been this way . 
  the poor die while the rich decide where . 
  proof that you 're an idiot . 
  we tried those assholes who maltreated those pows . 
  furthermore , those sadists do n't represent everyone in the military or everyone in our country . 
  you are biased and irrational , and everything you 're saying is undermining your point . 
  i think you might have no fucking idea what you 're talking about . 
  i was not happy to hear of his death . 
  he should n't have been assassinated by our special forces . 
  he should have been tried for his crimes of violence he enacted , not murdered . 
  it 's fucking sickening that our president waves bin laden 's death around like a fucking trophy . 
  i believe it has more to do with they signed up thinking they were doing the right thing . 
  that or it 's they decided to dedicate years of their life to do a public service , one that might get them killed or seriously maimed . 
  this is n't something unique to the us . 
  respect in one form or another is very commonly bestowed upon people who choose to serve their country . 
  it should n't be hard to understand , regardless of whether you agree or not . 
  yeah it really depends on the location . 
  the rest of america holds the south in contempt , and for good reason . 
  yet , there are plenty of more tolerable and enlightened areas in america . 
  specifically the west such as california and washington as well as the new england states .
