has is claimed the attack ? 
  the article says nobody has but is outdated maybe ? 
  it 's also the motto of brooklyn , new york ( named after the dutch town breukelen ) ` eendraght maeckt maght ' ( `` unity makes strength '' ), 
  sour ? 
  i think the word you 're looking for is bitter , 
  netherlands can into nordics ? 
  crazy if you think about it . 
  comments on america on an american site , how does it work ? 
  same in the netherlands , post and proxy i mean . 
  certain immigrants you mean ? 
  yesterday at the turkish protest in amsterdam less than 50 people showed up , showing that most turks do n't support their cause . 
  it 's a couple dozen youngsters looking to stir shit . 
  my point still stands ? 
  absurd , you wan na live here learn the language damnit . 
  we do n't care about your religion , wether you love a man or a woman or both , all we ask is you learn the language . 
  if you do n't put an effort in you can fuck right off . 
  fuck no , if anything we need him to speak up and provoke others on issues they 'd rather not touch . 
  he has been around for almost 2 decades , he is n't a ` this year thing ' . 
  please fuck off with breitbart links on this subreddit . 
  740000000 people live in europe 1200 is nothing . 
  the grand-daughter of this lady goes to radboud university and would n't shut up about this all week haha !, 
  grandma looks like she 's having a ton of fun . 
  damn , watching your family die in front of you while you 're on the shitter . . what a horrific crash !, 
  i do n't discriminate !, 
  that 's a bingo !, 
  we have them made from flowers , google bloemencorso netherlands !, 
  i study in nijmegen , my program is 50 % german and boy do they love stamppot . 
  cole or carrots mashed with potatoes and sausage / bacon on the side = german dream meal . 
  it was on display in london not too long ago !, 
  now it 's back where it belongs , 
  warming shots fired when police tried to arrest a wanted person , and this is actually news in sweden !, 
  imagine that for the us , police firing warning shots being national news !, 
  the dutch is je maintiendrai ; i will maintain . 
  he 's been here for almost 2 decades , nothing new here . 
  you said you 're one of the most inflated , i disputed that . 
  we are the biggest transport hub in europe , the biggest in the world not counting china . 
  our tax adventures do n't compare to that , not even in the slightest . 
  what the netherlands would look like if we had mountains !, 
  stunning view !, 
  compared to norway ( oil ) and ireland ( tax ) we are not . 
  besides being a tax haven we are extremely industrious . 
  europe , not european union . 
  it looks absolutely fantastic !, 
  imagine living there in the old days !, 
  what 's that red area in england ? 
  middlesbrough ? 
  also , go germanic countries !, 
  i always do this haha , i 'm notoriously bad with names . 
  i hope it makes you feel better to know it was bought in hungary !, 
  went to sziget 2004 and spend another 5 days in budapest after the festival , then roadtripped to serbia - bulgaria - serbia - croatia in 4 weeks time . 
  we brought along many bottles from hungary , i did n't really like brandy before but palinka is almost too tasty for its own good . 
  damn , this was such a good read !, 
  just wanted to mention that my friend !, 
  / r/europe is one of the subreddit where i can get lost in comments on the most trivial stuff . 
  palinka , now that 's something i have n't heard in a long time !, 
  granted it 's been almost a decade since i traveled through bulgaria . 
  arrghhh i 've been breaking my brains for the past hour thinking where this is from and i ca n't stand it any longer !, 
  source ? 
  yep , the letter y in dutch was replaced by ij over the years . 
  ij counts as one letter so both need to be capitalized in the case of ijs so i 'll admit it looks a bit weird . 
  found the swede . 
  precisely !, 
  that 's not what i said . 
  you could paint wilders in so many bad pictures that to me it 's weird he chose ` another one of those putin lovers ' . 
  the referendum had nothing to do with our poliics . 
  this website gets millions of views daily and only needed 400k signatures to force our government to host a referendum . 
  they delivered it just like trump delivered his campaign , by shouting edgy shit . 
  the u.k. brexit team took out ads in our biggest newspaper to vote against ukraine , geenstijl went out in force to show the people that they too could influence policy in the netherlands and the result came together as it did . 
  the political establishment was circumvented , if anything they showed they wo n't be corrupted by right wing spasms by ignoring the vote . 
  ` another one of those putin lovers ' , what a weird way to describe wilders . 
  he 's been around to a decade now , you 'd have to go out of your way to make putin his order of business . 
  geenstijl facilitating the referendum was spot on though , edgy right wing website that holds a lot of power , they used to stay out of politics but i guess it sells ads . 
  i 'll take it !, 
  the real question is do the finns beat us on this or not ? 
  our king represents our country . 
  he builds bridges , and it has nothing to do with democracy as he does not rule our country in any form . 
  we 're fine . 
  everything 's fine . 
  the netherlands is orange , as it should . 
  as long as it 's not spain i guess !, 
  just because people have made peace with a lost vote does not mean they agree with the fact that they will probably never experience open travel within europe ever again . 
  if anything they most likely feel betrayed by the other side , especially young people . 
  accepting the result does not mean the country is unified . 
  checks username ; what the fuck am i even doing arguing here . 
  in the future ? 
  when the vote is 50/50 yes/no , how can you possibly say it unified the country ? 
  we traded it for the spice islands in the indian archipelago to get ourselves spices , mainly nutmeg so we could preserve our meat to feed the biggest merchant fleet in the world at the time . 
  this kickstarted the dutch golden age in the 17th century , becoming the richest nation on earth independent from the spanish empire . 
  ca n't believe i had to scroll this far down for a switzerland nominee . 
  what a beautiful face !, 
  brings a whole different meaning to hung-aria, 
  but , when i walk around in budapest there 's crazy good looking gorgeous women everywhere !, 
  they 're back at home . 
  well , we are in / r/europe after all , so i 'll allow it . 
  relevant flair ? 
  hehe, 
  mushi mushi gushi gishi english motherfucker !, 
  and lidl still has more revenu . 
  crazy !, 
  oh no , the germans are doing pincer moves again !,
