  thanks for that . 
  hi , thanks for you answer . 
   i did n't read this myself , i know i know , fuck me no need for that my friend everything is fine . 
  the general government debt increase is huge the last 5 years , interesting . 
   anglo-saxon model vs rhineland model i already know some of the difference between this two models , i will read this pdf you linked to get a deeper look in this . 
  thank you edit : deficit -  debt, 
  nice read , thank you !, 
  some personal opinions about that military thinky . 
  for me as a german , it is acutely more acceptable that our military , beside defending our own country , to serve in a multinational force . 
  the reason for that is obviously i think . 
  and there for i would also support a eu army for the terms of defending the eu , but because we have the nato i do n't see a need for a eu defense army . 
  if you ask me about a eu army that actually fighting in non eu country 's like africa and so on , that is really difficult like you mention . 
  also i would like to ask a question to the other eu members people . 
  would you be actually happy or supportive about a rise of the military spending in germany and there for increasing the military power of germany ? 
  wow if the u.k. is growing that much , we will have the next financial bubble to burst soon . ^ / s any further statistics where this growth come from ? 
  respect , was a nice reading . 
  thanks for you effort sir, 
   it 's still a big surprise that the euro-dollar exchange rate was n't notably affected by the recent events . 
  yes and one of the reason of that was explained by u/rtft just one comment over yours . 
   the swiss central bank buying euros, 
  please do n't do it , i have stolen this joke form u/ferriswinkelbaum in this subreddit https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3buxo0/found_in_athens/, 
  absolutely right , but the people of country 's who bailed out the banks , was told to do it , because we have to save this kind of marked because there is no `` other solution '' or any other solution than the free marked is baaaaad . 
  i remember that miss angela merkel told us all the time there are no option just the solution i tell you . 
  and this will go on and on until the `` richest '' country 's also can not afford there debt anymore . 
  at this point or maybe before of that also the unemployment in richer country 's are rising to a point where maybe some sort of leader comes around and tell the german 's ( for an example ) the foreigners workers steal our jobs , and because it is written in the bild `` newspaper '' , most of germans will say , oh yea that 's must be true it is written in the newspaper , lets start a war . 
  you know the main reason for people in the 193x to vote for the right party was because of high unemployment , and the right party give a simple but wrong answer , like it 's all the foreigners workers fault . 
  you know i 'm also not a communist , but in germany , if you just talk a little bit about that the free market system might not be as perfect as we think off , you are called as a communist . 
  absolutely there is a chance , just after the call of the referendum in greece , the german market index went down by 4 % . 
  at this time it was just a call for a referendum , if greece actually would leave the euro , i would guess the drop will be more than 4 % . 
  because nobody have crystal ball so nobody knows exactly what will happen . 
  maybe no all off the europeans , but i can not speak for the 1 % of the top that actually have the power to punish greece . 
  he is wearing socks to sandals like the germans do it , maybe we have more in common than we think of . 
  please vote with a no . 
  maybe at this point our `` lovely '' 1 % on the top see that the free market is not working well for all of us , not even close . 
  yea i know i 'm a communist, 
   a good piece on how green policies imposed by the eu are destroying the last of british heavy industry and mining : http://germanywatch.blogspot.de/2012/12/green-de-industrialisation-economic.html ok , this website looks very strange , but at the other hand i do n't think that the u.k. government would allow it , to implement rules that destroying there industrial economy just because of germany . 
  i mean the u.k. would never just admit a rule that only helps the german green economy . 
  what you imply here is that germany only rules the laws of the eu/ez and i just do n't think that country 's like france and u.k would ever allow this . 
  sorry but at this point i cant agree with you anymore , because we are not the master of the ez/eu , un , wto or the global economy . 
  also other smaller country 's in the ez doing pretty well like luxembourg , finland or netherlands . 
  why we are not changing them to our needs , like we do with greece as you imply ? 
  thank you for the effort you put into that . 
   troika supervision means the totality of the greek state economy and society can be restructured to suit germany 's needs . 
  ok , i would not agree with that , but i also not saying that you are lying or you wrong . 
  edit : if this would be true , could you tell me please why other ez country 's would allow this ? 
  the euro is very beneficial for the german export driven economy so far i agree with that of curse . 
  but what i do n't get is , we all playing by the same global economic rules , so why only the german export 's benefits from that ? 
  what advantage do we have that other ez members do not have ? 
  our average salary are not lower than the one from france as an example . 
  so why we are doing better than the rest of the ez ( not all of them of curse ) ? 
  are we using criminal way 's to improve our exports ? 
  we are also not smarter than other europeans , where does this advantage we have come from ? 
  interesting , i do not see how the change of greeks debt statistics to a point where the free market wont lend more money to the greek government helps germany . 
  because now , instead of private investors holding credit lines of debt the public sector have to do it . 
  how this is helping germany ? 
  edit : yes i will listen to the broadcast later . 
  first off , thanks for your reply !, 
   first off , start at 2009 . 
  according to elstat whistleblowers the greek debt was illegally revised up again and again in 2009 by andreas georgiou the then head of elstat who was a political appointee with no proper background in statistics , in concert with the then greek economics minister . 
  according to the whistleblowers this was done to make a high but still manageable and serviceable debt , into a crisis that could not be managed without inviting troika intervention . 
  do i understand this correct , that the greeks ( elstat ) them self change the statistics of there debt to a point where they have to call for a bailout program by the troika ? 
  why would the greeks ( elstat ) do something like this ? 
  get i something wrong ? 
  maybe you can help me to get some thinks right . 
  if i see this correctly at 2010 after the banking crisis with the fall of lehman brothers . 
  the troika at this time , sad we `` help '' greece by giving them new loans ( this time public loans , not private loans ) to bailout the private investors ( many german and france private investors but not only ) in greece . 
  today we have 80 % of the greece debt are loans from the public sector , only 20 % left hold by private investors . 
  so it was kind of a bailout for private investors like banks and so on . 
  was there an option to do this in another way ? 
  like letting the private investors deal with there `` bad '' investment by them self ? 
  and if this was an option would this not lead to a second shock like the lehman brother shock ? 
  i think in any way the result would be the same , major public debt for all invested country 's by bailing out there private fail investors and also a massive down turn in greece like today ? 
  was there any possible to handle this kind of crisis , without the pain for greece and without the possibility to start the next global banking crisis ? 
  i do n't get it , why is bitcoin the answer for that ? 
  bitcoin is also a shared currency , the greece government ca n't devalue the bitcoin either , like the cant devalue the euro today , because it is shared currency . 
  can some please tell me why bitcoin would be a good option ? 
  edit : you also have a fix amount of bitcoins available if i see this correctly , so you cant even inflate it , if you want to devalue the currency . 
  edit : supply the successful miner finding the new block is rewarded with newly created bitcoins and transaction fees . 
  as of 28 november 2012 , the reward amounted to 25 newly created bitcoins per block added to the block chain . 
  to claim the reward , a special transaction called a coinbase is included with the processed payments . 
  all bitcoins in circulation can be traced back to such coinbase transactions . 
  the bitcoin protocol specifies that the reward for adding a block will be halved approximately every four years . 
  eventually , the reward will be removed entirely when an arbitrary limit of 21 million bitcoins is reached c. 2140 , and record keeping will then be rewarded by transaction fees solely . 
  if you write it like oexit than you also have the word exit in it . 
  in german language you can write the letter \u00d6 as oe just for the non german speaking people in here . 
  sing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqmuz9wffzu, 
  yes i will my lord . 
  sorry that i 'm writing my opinion in your reddit . 
  thanks for your great respond . ^ / s, 
  complete show with english subtitle . 
  if we call angela = mutti , how we should call fran\u00e7ois ? 
  lol that 's amazing . 
  thank you !, 
  til, 
  please give me a hint , i do n't get your point . 
  a link or something to this topic would be nice . 
  edit : now i got it , my english is just to bad . 
  if i see this correctly we can do joke about the evil germans all the time but not about the brits yea ? 
  just wane understand the rules . 
  i agree with that completely , i think , if both sides are willing to help each other , than there can be solutions for every problem .
