  they even lent this money to country 's . 
  for me this is like , a country have banks this banks belong to the country and not the other way around . 
  it would be more logic to me , if banks have to lent money from a country . 
  but you know i see this a bit from a object oriented design point of view , where children inherent from there parents . 
  in this example the bank is a child from a country not the other way around . 
   idealistic sure it is , but every mayor step was at some point idealistic . 
   `` jeder ist sich selbst der n\u00e4chste '' if this is true for politician , what i ` am voting for every 4 years ? 
  that we got eaten by the biggest shark ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i ` am not saying that you are wrong . 
  i would like it , if it would be a little bit more for every one of us , not just only for the 1 % . 
  if you understand what i mean . 
  i only say they are earning huge amount of money . 
  i did not say it is to much or to less . 
  and yes for an politician who got elected in a democracy i expect that there are working for all of us not just for them . 
  in a greater context , if you got elected today as a german mayor politician you should not just work in favor of germany but also in favor of whole europe . 
  and maybe the german government do it all ready than i 'm just do n't see it . 
  that was very funny , thank you . 
  maybe i should change my setting from german to english . 
  i wonder why all my words are red :-), 
  thank you, 
  can you tell me please , how this will work if it is actual be a real poll from the coverment . 
  do you only deside to stay or go out , or stay in but only if ? 
  cool , did not know that . 
  and even it would be the other way around , i think it 's not on me to judge them . 
  i would miss them , because an other or even a critical point of view is not bad at all . 
  you dont have to agree with them but respect should always be . 
  and dont forget they are there own country and if they dont want more further integration of uk and the eu than thats there free choice . 
  nice lmfao , damit i forgot iam german iam not supposed to do jokes about that . 
  not for me , i think culture can be expandet and get an even richer society , in term of culture . 
  for the second part of the question , i hope so . 
  i think , that like most other people on this planet they wane have peace . 
  maybe there media is such as bad as oures and they fear a war from other countries . 
  just maybe, 
  have a nice day guys !, 
  you are independent from your former own ussr now ? 
  that sounds wired to me :-), 
  i feel so sad about that , looks like history returning over and over again . 
  got your point , but if i remeber corectly money is made by people and intrest rates made by people so it 's not like god given . 
  so i think there has to be a better way than just more and more and more dept. 
  iam not an expert not at all , but people should not suffer like the greeks have to suffer now because of financial errrors . 
  maybe iam wrong , but thats my point of view . 
  ok , this money think was a bit over the top ofcurse and i know that the issues that politicians are dealing with are extremly complex . 
  but please for god sake solve this issue 's . 
  dealing ears of it becouse of finance issues is just not worth the time i think . 
  you know i dont have any solution for this stuf , but there must be smarter people out there as me . 
  you know you are right iam electing and pay for my goverment to handle thinks like that because i have other work to do in my life . 
  and iam realy sick of it that politicians earn huge amounts of money for doing diplomatic thinks and they cant deliver because of some kind of selfishnes . 
  what i have a goverment for if they ca n't solve problems like this or like the ukrain russion thinki . 
  it would be most likely the same result even without politicans . 
  they getting payed for doing this shit right , if i wane somebody doing it wrong i could just doit by my own . 
  dont get me wrong , iam not in favor of transfer union . 
  but iam also not in favor of a system where people or countrys getting beaten to the ground for doing a mistake in financials . 
  thanks for you awnser , was realy interessing . 
  beside the fact that most likely no other european country will have major issues because of this . 
  i must be horrible for all this normal greek people who did not know anythink all about this and facing a time of just poverty . 
  i hope after this hole crisis the normal creek people feel not guilty . 
  and i know how you can feel guilty even if you did nothing wrong just because of the past . 
  best wishes for our european greek brothers and sisters . 
  i ` am not one of them . 
  and if we can not just solve a `` problem '' like the size of greece in the eurozone , than srew this fucking credit system and develop a better one , that can handle situation like that . 
  i realy hate this , that we now reach a point where financial problems of contrys can destroy a fucking amazing project like the eu . 
  hate me for this comment , but i think people and countrys a far more valuable than fucking money , numbers on a screen . 
  i hate this so called greece crisis . 
  and maybe iam wrong or just stupid , but trying to solve a problem thats developed because of interest from credits by giving just more credits with even more interest , will not solve any bit of problem at all . 
  do i have a better solution ofcurse not , but i did not develop any stupid capitalism system that can maybe destroy a whole fucking country . 
  thats just not what the `` european dream '' was all about . 
  sorry for the hate, 
  all i noticed is , they are loving there language . 
  i would probably love it too if i could unterstand it . 
  :-) but i would not call this rude , just normal . 
  and if i travel to france i do not expect that everyone can understand my bad german english . 
  the power to reanble the `` dream '' of europe or eu . 
  you can not build somethink like the eu just on laws and bureaucracy . 
  we need this great inspiration that we belong together in good or in bad times . 
  thats the power i would like to see the eu have . 
  france have a rude reputation , did not know that . 
  i love france and i meet wonderful people there . 
  nope not at all . 
  i miss the good old day 's where eu or even europe was a real dream and not just a common market blabla thinki . 
  i would like to see a bigger , way bigger german army this day 's , because there is no trust in this eu anymore . 
  and i also feel under threat by the bigger army of the france , uk and the russians . 
  u.s. never been there or china, 
  yes we did it ... ^ ^ , we have to prepare for a brexit :-(, 
  nice one, 
  wow reading all this comments , it looks like that the eu is already dead . 
  we fucked up the south of europe , now we are building borders again , gb is about to leave . 
  this european union project is working great . 
  what comes next ... 
  why i ` am not surprised that a refugees crisis are the only possible way in germany to maybe kick merkel out of office . 
  why the hell is this still less than 200 years after this many vampire movies ... 
  could you be more specific , what do you think would happen if russia would start a war against a eu member ? 
  that all the other member look and say oh its just this eu member state not us so we dont have anything to do whit it ? 
  we are not talking about the ukraine we are talking about a eu member ? 
  that is ridicules , just because we are not into war mode in peace time does n't make us defenseless in war times . 
  also russia is just one country it is not the ussr anymore . 
  people minds about `` being against war '' change pretty fast when there entire country and lives are at stake , which is by all means not the case at the moment . 
  the last time we had a war at this fucking scale you pointing to , the russians alone could never beat germany alone . 
  for now we have poland , france , uk , spain , italy , germany and many other countries on the same side in europe alone . 
  so please do n't pretend the russians are some super humans with super weapons and everyone else are playing with sticks . 
  russia knows very well that the eu is untouchable for them in terms of war .
