  for an example germany agrees to not build or own nuclear weapons for them self , because we are part of nato and france and britain is our partner and not our enemy anymore . 
  so i really think that the nato and the u.s. is more crucial than just defending nato from the outside . 
  if i only could take him seriously , the world would be so lovely . 
  she is preparing for trade negotiations with the eu :-) . 
  spread the fear little miss may good leader , have a cookie . 
  thank you very much . 
  who know what a freak made this map . 
  i think he would like to be funny on a very primitive level . 
  eiffel empire . 
  nobody is calling france `` eiffel reich '' . 
  i guess it is called like it on the map because of the eiffel tower . 
  i thought maybe because of the eifel area but this area is not even in france . 
  who ever did this map , had not really much in his mind beside the eiffel tower i would guess . 
  edit : eifel area https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eifel, 
   but we need to use italian when angry , when fighting and when yelling at one another , hand gestures included as an essential part of the language i am ok with this , if we add science to german . 
  edit : im not sure if i would add music to france instead of italian, 
  nobody knows . 
  maybe a bug in the matrix . 
  i would like it if it would be that easy to learn dutch . 
  lol, 
  not to bad i could live with this . 
   if we can keep our language you have to talk with france about this , we let the langue up to them for the most part . 
  maybe we have to find some parts for the dutch too , i thought about if you are stoned or drunk you have to speak dutch . 
  or maybe if you talk to flowers i do n't really know . 
   boys , we need to discuss your langage . 
  i 'm afraid you need to change it ... 
  lets make a deal , we use german for working and angry stuff and french for anything else . 
  absolutely and not just because of the beautiful landscape of slovenia and the awesome football team of croatia . 
  only because this map where taken a month to early , before denmark became part of merkelreich . 
  how could we not , we love you all so much , it would not be fair to let people out of merkelreich . 
  looks good for me , maybe merkelreich is a bit small . 
  we are only so boring , because there is not enough weed support from the netherlands . 
  this is the trick my friend , looks like harmless :-), 
   germans-germans ( germans ) please give us a better one , this is boring . 
  have a hug my friend , there will be better day 's . 
  looks like it is time for being less pacifistic and start the german war machine , if i would follow your point of view . 
  a good read , not really that new for me what he is talking about , but a good read . 
  my condolences to the families who lost somebody in this accident . 
  that 's a hard topic , because this surplus is private economy surplus with is not easy to get you hands on by the german government to tackle this issue . 
  of curse we could rase taxes for companies but i am not sure if the government would spend this money better than the private companies . 
  another way would be to rise the living cost and the wages of german workers to balance that there is no devaluation of currency inside of the eurozone possible anymore , but even this could not be done easily by the government because we do not live in communism . 
  also even if the german government would like to share this surplus with other eurozone countries is do n't see how they could share private economy surplus . 
  i think that we are to cheap for the eurozone at the moment and i have no idea how to tackle it , without destroying our competitiveness in the global marked . 
  congratulation, 
  congratulation !, 
  congratulation, 
  the csu a bit more to the right ? 
  what is you definition for a right party in our democracy something like npd ? 
  what i see in the last time , that the csu try very hard to compete with the afd about the way more right wing people in our country and i would love if they would not do this . 
  no i am calling the csu a right-wing party that 's all . 
  ah excuse me please , the u.s. stayed in germany most of the time because of the cold war . 
  germany did not need that long to became a fully functional state . 
   right-wing does not have influence in politics and media i hope you are joking , if you call greens left-wing than i call cdu/csu right-wing and there for , beside the fact that afd also exist , right-wing have very well media and also political influence . 
  as much as i agree and understand you anger , this austerity sadly had to happen . 
  nobody from any other bank , country or any other private investor wane to lend money to you anymore and there was the danger that some countries could go bankrupted and took us all with them . 
  at this point there where no other chance to get back some trust of private capital by imposing strict restriction on you . 
  i think you are right that the harshness of how this austerity where put in place was wrong . 
  but the austerity itself was needed to get some trust back on the financial markets . 
  if this had not be done this crisis 2008 could possible destroy many european countries if not all countries . 
  about the stimulus you are talking about , there is one problem , if nobody lend you money because of no trust there will be no stimulus happen . 
  and do n't get me wrong i am not blaming you to be part of this global free financial market and took the opportunity with low interest rates to lend some money , but at the end you lend to much and the whole world would not give you much more . 
  also i highly disagree in that germany would like to have poor neighbor countries in the eu where we do trade with . 
  for germany there where only two option left , this eu countries go bankrupted and there for no trade anymore or ensure the market by pushing for austerity so that his countries could still lend money and trade with us . 
  i just do n't see why austerity would had be chosen by germany if there would had been a better option to ensure a better option for our economy . 
  just for you to remember we are are a big exporter we do n't profit , if other countries ca n't buy our products any more . 
  yup , but there is a need for some changes . 
  if it stays like this it is today , it is not sustainable , even worse it could lead to radicalization if people become poorer witch leads always do a destabilized of the society . 
   https://twitter.com/polizeiberlin/status/687416452874407937 lol the comments on this are awesome . 
  yea we build or allowed to build a system where non elected people in some private companies could screw us all . 
  please france it is time for some revolution , please do what you are mostly famous for . 
  the us did also a way better job to bring this people from some banks in front of the senat or what ever this was and try to get some answers what the hell this banks are doing . 
  yea and the sun rotates about the earth ... your economies are so interconnected , if one goes down the hard way than it is most likely other will follow pretty soon . 
   it 's the condescending messaging coming from germany basically only condemning right wing parties and attacks ( which are few btw when compared to left wing ones ) . 
  if this was a right wing attack , it would be blasted on media for weeks on end . 
  this statement alone show me you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  also you might not know a single bit about eu law , so let me give you some sense . 
  there is a law that the country where the refugees arrived had to register them . 
  at the point of 2015 the mas of refugees where so many in greece and italy that they could not handle it without damaging there whole economy even further . 
  at this point there where two options : send the refuges home who is not allowed by international law . 
  second treat them like asylum seekers , wich was not an option for greece because of economic problems . 
  what we did was nothing more to allow this asylum seekers that where already in the eu to come to germany . 
  but please lissen to your lovely news who has no clue what is going on . 
  next time we will give a shit and let the border countries deal with this shit alone , if you get a responds like this . 
  and this funny saying the refugees came because they where invited by germany is so stupid as fuck i do n't even have word . 
  we only allowed asylum seeker to germany from other eu countries without the need to be registered in the country who the arrived , because these countries could not handle the amount of refugees coming to the eu because of syria and so on . 
  but please live your easy live in your super country . 
  i will not speak with you anymore than this . 
  what the fuck are you talking about please ? 
  and what has this to do with what you have writen before . 
  if you have problems with left wing people that 's fine by me , if you have problems with how germany managed the refuges in europe that is also fine by be . 
  but saying that only right wing parties are monitored by germany is just not true so please stop speeding lies . 
   bullshit news of they are living like kings i can not agree on this because i never heard of this . 
  what i can tell you , is that we were called that there is no other way than the one provided by mr. sch\u00e4uble and mrs. merkel . 
  and yes if you want to save this kind of banking system than they are right to bail out this banks who are so big , if we do not , we go to bust like a stone in the sea . 
  what i am missing is real consequences for people and private companies who are playing with the lives of a whole country if not with the lives of many people in many countries . 
  the so called free market has a simple rule , if you can not compete you lose and will be out of the market , and this should also be true for private banks but of curse the money rules the world the free market allows to bail out banks with public money because they are to important to the system . 
  fuck this really hard . 
  yea right ^ / ^ s , not to mention that also every left wing parties is on monitoring . 
  but talking about a country you obviously know nothing about is nice to do . 
  absolutly,
