  do you really think that a normal german are happy with it , to save some rich peoples money , just because if not , this fucking system goes to hell and everything with it . 
  fucking pensions and so on are stored in this fucking private banking system . 
  this is a nice trick to steal money from people who worked there fucking hole life to get some money at the end of there live . 
  edit : i do n't blame you , i am as pissed as you are about this shit . 
  yea this banks are funny as hell , if they make lots of profit than it is private profit , if they makes loses than the society has to pay for it . 
  what a fucked up system is this please . 
  let it out , let it all out ... do n't let the anger eaten you up . 
  i do n't agree , english is nice and easy to learn and spoken by many non eu countries too . 
  nice, 
  its a shame i can feel what you saying !, 
  after the reunification , east germans felt the same , but give it more time it will ~ ~ get ~ ~ become better . 
  france for all what they have done for us in the last 70 years !, 
  great people and leaders who made a peaceful today and the eu possible . 
  love you france \u2764, 
  and now tell me why they do n't do it with countries that wane share this kind of fiscal policy together ? 
  the problem is that non of the eurozone country can agree on how to do it and what power should be shared and what power should not . 
  do n't get me wrong i would be happy if we would build a federal eurozone but many people in many eurozone countries do n't want that for many different reasons . 
  the problem is that the eu share some politics and do n't do on other terms because of national interest and fiscal policy is one of the thinks we do not share , we do not have the share same taxes , dept and so on that comes with fiscal policy . 
  such a mechanism could only be implement if we would deeper integrate in terms of fiscal policy but i do n't see any country that is willing to share this kind of power or say it in other word give it up to the eu . 
  yes we also have broken the rule to not bail out other countries . 
  i do n't have this kind of experience , but the link : http://www.expatica.com/de/visas-and-permits/a-guide-for-eu-eea-swiss-citizens-moving-to-germany_108794.html] say . 
  eu/eea/swiss nationals :  the federal republic of germany is one of 26 countries making up the ` schengen ' area , allowing free movement for citizens of the following countries : austria , belgium , czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , france , greece , hungary , iceland , italy , latvia , liechtenstein , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , the netherlands , norway , poland , portugal , slovakia , slovenia , spain , sweden , switzerland . 
  they have one common visa and no border controls between them . 
   under the freedom of movement act , if you 're a national from one of the countries in the ** eu or eea ** , you also do n't need a visa or other permit to visit , live , work or study in germany . 
  because the u.k. is still a eu member i would say you can stay in germany as long as you wane to if you are from the u.k. . edit : if you are not from the u.k. with britisch passport than i would say the schengen rules apply to you and you have to leave in 5 days . 
  maybe ask r/askuk / wich ist the ask the uk channel and maybe they know better how this british non u.k. passport stuff works . 
  the countries in the eu can not come to common sense how the eu should be reformed . 
  at some point the smallest point we can agree on is not enough to change anything . 
  i think europe is not ready for more eu at this time in history . 
  we still today are way to much into the hemisphere of our own nation believing that anything that would involve sharing more political power between each other is not possible . 
  maybe we should shrink the eu to some free trade maybe or even less than that , if nobody wane to work together , than a eu makes no sense at all . 
  a the moment it looks like that nobody in the eu trust the other ones so maybe the eu was a nice idea but is not working at this time in history . 
  i do n't see how this working together will work out . 
  the countries in the eu can not come to common sense how the eu should be reformed . 
  at some point the smallest point we can agree on is not enough to change anything . 
  i think europe is not ready for more eu at this time in history . 
  we still today are way to much into the hemisphere of our own nation believing that anything that would involve sharing more political power between each other is not possible . 
  maybe we should shrink the eu to some free trade maybe or even less than that , if nobody wane to work together , than a eu makes no sense at all . 
  a the moment it looks like that nobody in the eu trust the other ones so maybe the eu was a nice idea but is not working at this time in history . 
  i agree , offering a friendship to the germans after what we did was a great move . 
  maybe he will play in the german football league at some time , would be nice to watch . 
  you know it is football and if your opponent is better and you miss to score goals you lose . 
  and that 's why france deserved the win because they scored goals . 
  yea we got reckt by griezmann , he is very good . 
  congratulations , good game you deserve it !!!, 
  next time we have to buy antoine griezmann , he is really good . 
  good luck for the finals !!, 
  why , because i am german ? 
  i will not accept making fun of other countries in this kind of `` fun '' only because is the `` standard '' on reddit . 
  if we do not start to take the feelings of other people more serious how should we become more friendly to each other ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  all these ugly bank towers ruin our skylines . 
  lol putting a german flag on the space suit is funny as if it matters in space . 
  :-) if the aliens visiting and see him , say oh he is german lets return home . 
  crazy and beautiful picture, 
  holy shit , can this fly to the moon ? 
  this would be crazy shit , it would be lehman brothers 2.0 if not worse . 
  talk about `` germanization of poland '' with polish people and look if they can laugh at it . 
  it does not even close matter if it has anything to do with wwii . 
  the citizens of european countries are mostly proud of where they are born and if you questioning this kind of dignity than you do n't joke anymore . 
  i do n't want to talk about this anymore , i know you want to make a joke , i just ca n't laugh at it . 
  have good day and a happy life . 
  a than please do n't do this kind tired memes to others anymore than maybe they do n't do it to you . 
  edit : you know there is a different between joking about `` germans wear socks and sandals '' and joking about a `` germanization of poland '' . 
  why do you think i am joking . 
  you think it is funny to read shit like `` germanization '' or other stupid shit like this all the time is funny to a german . 
  maybe we should start with sweden next time if we read bullshit like this all the time . 
  nope , i also see french people do it too , sad but true . 
  * right wing people * middle east * trump if he get 's elected . 
  * the power distribution between financial markets and democracy * the possibility of a new cold war * austerity * a lost generation in the south * u.k. / brexit * economic competitiveness of eu nations in the global market, 
  looks like the climate between greece and germany is very damaged . 
  so could we please not send politicians there if it is about the eu , let other eu countries deal with greece . 
  love your point of view !, 
  i absolutely agree the u.k. is an impressive history in every term you could imagine . 
  maybe if you have at some point the chance to visit one , please do it . 
  the last time i visited one was at the age of 27 and the feeling i got in there cant be described in a movie or a book . 
  there are many good movies out there , that try to catch the horror that people have must gone through , but the real shit is way more impressive and horrible than every movie good be . 
  just because we talk about very important stuff in europe , the industrial revolution started and was driven by the u.k. was also very important . 
  why , because during wwii it was actually the first time that humans where killed in an industrialized way . 
  i am not sure if you ever had the `` opportunity '' to visit a concentration camp , but there you can see how industrial methods where used to kill millions of people in the first time in history . 
  this kind of thinking that you could treat people like objects and used industrial methods to kill millions of people was the actual horror of this war . 
  sure it was , but for me not as important as the printing press and everything that become possible because of that . 
  for germany i would say the printing press by johannes gutenberg around 1440 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/printing_press, 
  as if all this countries would like to build a `` giant superstate '' funny as always . 
  signed , thanks for info . 
  if this is an `` epic speech '' than i am really sorry for what you think is by any means `` epic '' . 
   so you are saying that nothing will happen until there riots half around europe ? 
  sadly i think so , many people do n't go on the streets if they do n't feel the need for it . 
  by now many germans still live a life good enough to do what the want to . 
  of curse not all of germans life a `` good '' life in economic terms if you compare it with other germans , but they are not enough to change germany or start a social movement or anything like that . 
   feeling that the franco-german couple is in trouble i agree on this , anything else you mention i think we are just not informed enough about what is going on behind close doors and only get our information from news papers . 
  the bnd stuff you mention where a big deal in germany too , many germans where absolutely angry about it and still today there are discussions about how to deal with the lost of trust in official institution like the bnd and other ones . 
  yea sadly we do n't share exactly the same opinion how a economy should be run in our countries . 
  or how much social service is enough or to much . 
  but for me i think this is a good think because we can see what works better and what do n't . 
  one example : the `` minimum wage '' in germany was never in favor of the german industry ( service industry ) or the german politicians and economics , but the pressure in terms of sozial pressure by the eu societies was to high to deny a minimum wage any longer to the german society . 
  and see germany still works even with minimum wages . 
  i agree , but what you mention should not be reason why we let the world burn just because we are to weak to share the wealth more equally to all of us . 
  maybe the 1 % do n't care about social peace in a society and also do n't care about social peace in europa at all , if than we are screwed anyway . 
  ok let me phrase it like this .
