  for my part i which the uk all the best for the future and every other country in europe too . 
  we have seen where this kind of road can lead us in europe and i do n't want to go down this road . 
  the us has europe as a `` neighbor '' , if this is not crazy enough than i do n't know what is . 
  yep now we are talking the same language :-), 
  please let us all build armies like that . 
  instead of killing each other just make some new friends . 
  this was just the first try , the next one will more look like : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/45/d7/27/45d727c112d4cb96713e157da346c2e0.jpg at least i hope so :-), 
  if you think german military technology is good , just imagine what a european military technology would look like , with all the other great european countries technology . 
   but if france , the uk or germany felt threatened i 'm sure we would see some pretty big budget increases ... we tend to invest more into education , research and healthcare then tanks and guns thank you sir , thats what i think too . 
  sorry but i dont get your point . 
  i did not disagree with this statement too . 
  in point two i wrote , that i would go with britain too if it is about millitary operations . 
  can someone tell me what this `` flawed germany-eu plan '' is ? 
  are they talking about eu army or what they are talking about . 
  france is a nuclear military power and britain is a nuclear military power and germany is not , i would go with britain too . 
  i agree too , if we find a solution that is not full on abondon all of the un solution and international and human laws that are in place for stuff like this . 
  i also would really love if we can get a leading from france or italy on that micrant topic , because for germans that is still a hard or trubiling topic to lead at least for the public , maybe not su much for the politicans anymore . 
  what the solutions might be is not for me to decide . 
  what i think germany , aka the covernment of germany should do , is to make clear that we are standing 100 % behind the italian decision on that matter . 
  yes of course , but the artical is about poland so i only mention poland . 
  no iam not . 
   but the economic backbone must be strong throughout the continent and that 's why i think we should help italy with the migrant crisis , in one way or the other . 
  we can not affort to lose italy as an economic powerhouse in the south of europe . 
  exactly what iam thinking , and it should be possible , even if we do not agree about everythink 100 % all the time . 
  lets make yurop strong again . 
  if poland has a good economical run iam all for it , they deserve it for what they have been through in 20th century . 
  first the nazis than the soviets , its about time they have a good run . 
  i hope they can establishe a stable and wealthy society for them , even iam not in favour of there political leaders at the moment . 
  good luck poland !, 
  is this still the case in germany in terms on adoption and taxes ? 
  if so , it is really a shame if marriage and civil unions are still not the same infornt of the law . 
  dont ' t calling it same sex `` marriage '' i could live with at a voter but dont get the same legal rights is a shame . 
  poland can into space ? 
  thats true , but a giant ? 
  the only military giant today is the usa and we would need to spend way more to come close to that level , if at all possible . 
    military giant oh please , even if we would spend 3.5 % of our gdp like the us does , we would still not be a military giant . 
  being able to stand by our allies is a whole different story , but `` giant '' come on . 
  welcome , looks like a nice and diverse pick of mods . 
  i think most of it has todo with the imperfect transformation of knowledge about the history into the presence . 
  neither study , documentation , movies or any sort of art of history , can implant the real feelings/emotions and thoughts of a soldier into your mind , that jumps on a beach where he knows he is most likely to die in the next couple of minutes . 
  that what i expected from the greek presidents office , looks almost like a library . 
  very nice . 
  very classy , also not to much , like it . 
  the desk could be a bit bigger or maybe not . 
  i like this desk , pls gib . 
  if you want to argue like that , than there is nothink to say anymore . 
  and where does she say that britiain is not reliable anymore , please show me ? 
  just you interpret somethink into her words does not make it true . 
  thank you , that you try to tell me how i have to read a german artical . 
  still no mentian that britain is not a realible partner anymore . 
  also the dw artical did not mention britain , only talks about the us . 
  so where is the source of merkel says britain is no reliable partner anymore ? 
  ok , this is not the same artical and even the part you linked ( before you changed what you linked ) , there is no mention of britain at all ? 
  if you have the agenda to denounce germany and its leader than please links somethin that undermines your opinion in the artical . 
   `` the times when we could completely rely on others are partially over . 
  and why is this wrong , you ether want the germans to invest more in our military or not . 
  if we invest more on our own military that implies to be less reliant on others . 
  and that is true for all of europe . 
  first , what is digialjournal.com for a source ? 
  second , where in the artical , merkel says britain is no longer a reliable partner , i ca n't find any of this inside the articel , beside the headline ? 
  tomorow i write a blog and put a headline on top of it that say 's britain fianced the 9/11 attacks and write some non related crap down below . 
  what is this for bullshit ? 
  looks impessive , is the royal navy so did not expect less . 
  but i dont have any military or naval knowledge so what iam looking at exactly ? 
  what this different ships are for ? 
  that might be the case yes . 
  but lets asume there will be a full on agression of russia on the eu . 
  at this point many germans would maybe think , that there family , there loved ones , borther , sisters , wife , kids and so one , could be in danger of losing there lives . 
  if it comes to this point , i can tell you at least for my point of view , i would do anythink to prodect my family and loved ones . 
  and iam not at all a person who is in favour of wapons and war and all this stuff . 
  there is no need for rally around the flag . 
  you think that if the first 100-1000 german soldiers die at the east front , the average german sits and say , ah nothing to worry about lets chill ? 
  i dont think so , the attitude will change very drasticly if it comes to a point like that . 
  the russians know this , it would be suicide for russians to pull west europe in to a war against them . 
  ok , thank you . 
   it also depends on what we want the bundeswehr to be - there are fundamental differences between an army designed for foreign operations and asymmetrical conflicts and a `` classic '' army focused on country defense in symmetrical wars . 
  is the bundeswehr even allowed to be designed for foreign operations ? 
  does the grundgesetz not only allow the bundeswehr to be a defensive army ? 
  you know how it is actually possible that our army is operating in other countries like afghanistan ? 
  i guess that this is needed if we want to increase our military budget to 2 % of the gdp , if we not only wane buy drones . 
  somebody needs to use this extra stuff and with only 180.000 soldiers , i guess 2 % of budget is way to much for this amount of german soldiers . 
  but i have no clue about the military . 
  can somebody tell me , if german military equipment is shared in arrengemnt like mention in the article ? 
  and maybe explain what 2 % of gdp spending in military would actualy mean for germany ? 
  thats true yes . 
  yes and the reason for this is , that politicans dont want there power to be reduced . 
  if iam as a german would now be allowed to vote for a non german politican in a eu parliament vote , the german politican would maybe lose power and as part of this some sort of loss in soveranity an thats why this is not implemented at all . 
   well you 'd think that different german politicians might have different views on what to do at eu level . 
  ofcurse they have different views about the eu depending on the party they belong to in germany . 
  still i would love to get more than just the german perspetive on the eu during a vote for eu parliament . 
  absolutly , plus i would like to vote for non german politicans also , if i vote for a eu parliament . 
  if this is not possible there is no reason for non german politicans to catualy campain in germany for the eu parliament . 
  i also dont like that there is actualy no reason for a non german politican to campain in germany , because i cant even vote for a finnish politican even if he could conviced me that his view is the one i am more in favour . 
  one reason for this is , that there is no eu campain for the eu parliament here . 
  only some german politicans who talk a bit about the eu and mostly about there own german party . 
  for me i have some clue now what german politicians think about the eu and what they stand for , but i have no clue what other eu politicans from other eu members are up about and what the eu parliament parties actually wants . 
  i can guess what they might want if i see what german parties are a part of eu parties but still no clue what an italian politicans in the same party actualy wants ... 
  it would be nice to get some more information and a wider perspective than just the german one for most parts . 
  i would love to see at some point a real eu campain for eu parliament elections on german tv/streets and not only some german politicans on tv who mostly only talk about there german party instead of eu stuff . 
  very beautiful , thanks for sharing .
