  it 's kind of balanced the distribution of wealth , i guess but not completely sure . 
  with this also comes a higher labor cost and there for high cost of production of good 's . 
  this can lead into higher unemployment because some kind of work is not profitable anymore . 
  it 's all interconnected . 
  thank you very much first of all . 
  would you please also give a link where i can see the % of debt your private house holds and your companies piled up ? 
  because the country is the lender of last resort , and i can not see if this is just a switch from lower country dept to higher company debt or personal house hold debt . 
  just as an hint there are three lender or debt holder i a country , the country it self the company 's and the private persons . 
  but not or less looks kind of cool . 
  i need to look closer into this to know how this was achieved . 
  can you provide me a link please , where i can read what actually happened ? 
  did you really pay back you debt or did you increase your gdp , or did you default or something like that . 
  how was this possible to achieve ? 
  let 's hope you are right !, 
  ok if debt is not a problem , why does greece has so much trouble now ? 
  if the debt reaches a point where it is to large for the gdp nobody will lend money anymore to country . 
   there are examples of it going down the debt it self never goes down only the gdp rises and so the debt/gdp ratio got better . 
  if i understand you currently , than there is no problem with lending money all the time as long the gdp also increases . 
  i would be kind of happy with this , if it would be possible to expand our economies for ever . 
  but at some point one planet will be not enough anymore i guess . 
   and within the current system there is no actual obligation for them to do so . 
  absolutely, 
  you know i got why we did what we did to prevent a total collapse of the ez . 
  but i do n't see how this can be sustainable solution in the long run . 
  my point and my question , is this kind of crisis is build in our monetary system ? 
  or is there any way to pay back a credit without a new credit ? 
   this is such bullshit please tell me why this is bullshit , i never saw a western country that was able to reduces it 's debt . 
   sure sure yes i know that and we prevented the bankruptcy of private creditors by switching the private debt to public debt . 
  we saved some banks with public debt if i ` am remember correctly ? 
  and if we do this over and over again , and some point not even germany can sustain there public debt anymore . 
  but if i ` am completely miss informed in this topic please tell me . 
  edit : changed dept to debt , thanks for the hint, 
   reminder not a bad point at all . 
  did something like this ever happened again ? 
  if i were not an optimistic person , i would say we are doomed . 
   he has no choice exactly and none of our countries have a choice as well . 
  because how the money system is working in the whole world . 
  money always and only was and is created out of credits and there for interest and debt come with it , in our current monetary system in place . 
  and after a couple of year 's the debt of every country ( lender of last resort ) reaches a point where it is no longer sustainable . 
  in the history many country 's faced a debt crisis . 
  and mostly it is solved with inflation , currency change or war . 
  but neither of this options is a possible option for greece in the ez . 
  the only thing other country 's are able to , is to share the debt of one country between all other country 's . 
  and at the end every country will end up debt piled up until is is not longer funded anymore . 
  it 's way more complicated than this but you wane read about look for google : * fractional banking system * modern money mechanics edit : people who do n't like to read and think about all the consequences of modern money mechanics , here is a video for you . 
  https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=modern+money+mechanics edit : what you also would maybe like to know is compound_interest : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compound_interest, 
  does someone know , if the imf solved any dept related problem in some country by now ? 
  edit : thanks for all the reply, 
  my condolences and best wished for the family of this woman . 
  you word 's in god 's ears . 
  as i understand this , the eu is not ( yet ) build for dealing with problems like this as one entity . 
  sad , but the eu is a really young construct , for now the responsibility for problems like this is in the hand of the local politician of each country alone . 
  yes it did , and thankfully this had made a reunification of germany possible and there for i ` am really thankfully for your effort . 
  as for how i see it , yes the eu is mostly a financial and market kind of think , in term of structure of the eu . 
  in the mind of man people of the eu it should be much more ( deeper integration ) and in many peoples mind it should not . 
   is it a political union , like , in terms of domestic policy ? 
  no the eu and also not the ez is this kind of deep . 
   as for eu nations which are n't nato partners ... that 's the ambiguity ; will eu nations rush to defend them ? 
  i have no idea if there is any kind of agreement in place , for me personal yes i hope , if not this eu has no point at all for me . 
  because we were told for decades that germany + a major military infrastructure is a very bad think . 
  and this is now extremely deep rooted in the german society . 
  edit : changed mayor to major , thanks for the hint . 
   not so great that `` finally '' taking seriously european security are people outside of europe . 
  i agree . 
  for me , as a german , that is a very difficult topic . 
  first of all what i ` am writing now is fully personal opinion with no political or military background at all . 
  and i would like to get some kind of respond to what i will write later on , because this all makes me really nervous . 
  let 's assume for a moment that the russians really wane go full in and try to annex part 's of the eu . 
  i think by this time all mayor european country 's like uk , france , germany , spain , italy and poland ... will shift mayor parts of its industrial and media industry into war mode . 
  and if so , it will be game over for russia , because usa and mayor parts of the eu fight a long side together against russia . 
  by this time the atomic threat will be so real that the whole war would perhaps switch to an cold war i guess . 
  i also thought to prevent us all from this kind of scenario , we ( excluding germany ) build this atomic weapons to scare each other off so much . 
  i hate thinking in this kind of dimensions of war . 
  i would write much more but you know english is kind of complicated , so i will stop now . 
  cool, 
  exactly , now way to charge such a nice car on a street parking slot . 
  i hope at some point in time there will power sockets right beside the street . 
  i would absolutely love to buy such a car . 
   ard and zdf are generally quite good in terms of news coverage i will not agree with that . 
  mayor events are not covert like the spain `` revolution '' m-15 , or if the cover it , than very late , like after everyone got the news elsewhere all ready . 
  but you know ` quite good ' is very elastic . 
  more a structural aspect of the monetary system we use today . 
  and i ` am praises satan as our real god , but it does n't make it true at all . 
  maybe waiting . 
  you have not much of a choice if your whole monetary system is build on debt . 
  country 's going default is kind of build in , in our system . 
  most country 's inflate ( hyperinflation ) there currency to pay back foreign dept other go to war . 
  what will happen in a monetary union like ez , i have no idea . 
  look at this link and you will see all the default by year in the last couple of years . 
  hi because you are thinking i ` am kind of an retard or intellectually weak . 
  please inform your self . 
  i give just 3 hints . 
  modern money mechanics : http://lisgi1.engr.ccny.cuny.edu/~makse/modern_money_mechanics.pdf fractional reserve banking system : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fractional-reserve_banking if you not like to read that much watch this youtube video with a good explenation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0pqnkx8jlm the links all refers to u.s. but the same mechanic apply in any other modern banking system today . 
  there are many more links in the web about that , but i do n't wane do all the work for you . 
  and after you study this information a bit , please tell if you still think that your monetary system is a good one . 
  have fun, 
  that 's sounds like an expert , please tell me more . 
   in a free society this is basically the only system that works how do you know that , did we test any other system in a free society yet ? 
  and please do n't tell me tested it with communism , that was not a free society . 
  and i ` am not complaining about a currency , i ` am complaining about that today private banks lend money with interest .
