  the only real problem i see here that treaty 's between germany and the u.s. in term of espionage are broken in some regard . 
  but espionage is a normal behavior in the world today , if i like it or not . 
  nope i did not know that . 
  because we do n't need them , to be cool !, 
  europe is amazing indeed !, 
  dance faster little greece , so awesome, 
  that 's great, 
   maybe we should offer them statehood and just annex the entire country . 
  who in greece wants to be an american ? 
  that is funny , if germany would offer them to become a german state they would call us nazis 24/7 . 
   my apologies if i came across as overly aggressive . 
  no problem you are not the first one on this topic today , i edit the first text i wrote a bit and hope it is better to understand now . 
  ok , i get your disappointment , because i ` am not an native english speaking person you should maybe considering that the part of `` need to go '' was not meant that every child has to . 
  it was meant that there should be at least the possibility for every child or teenager to get an experience like erasmus even if there parents has not the ability to do so or the child will not be a student at a university . 
  and of curse nobody should force the parents to send there child abroad if they do n't want to . 
  also it was just idea , also the age or the period was just an idea you know . 
   who the hell do you think you are there is no need for this com on . 
  if you have another opinion that this is fine , but no need for being offensive . 
   do you have any idea how much that would cost ? 
  i think some people here have try to put that into perspective . 
  you might have a problem with `` need to go '' , or `` for a year '' , but first of all this was just an idea . 
  it is not in place today and it will be not in place in the future . 
  so you can cool down , you do n't have to leave your super duper school . 
   fuck off anyone who tells me i 've got to leave for a year and study in some french state dump for a kid with the attitude like your 's i think it would be the best if you never ever leave your country , the french people really do n't need some one like you i guess . 
  hi , it is not about learning another langue only . 
  if you visit a country for a year you will get way more out of it than just the langue . 
  you see different people with other behaviors other cultures , or as a kit maybe a complete different school system . 
  people would be way more open minded about other country 's and there behavior in different situations . 
  and the english part i mentioned because today it 's is the first language people from different country 's use to communicate with each other . 
  it is not the only one but i guess most common ones . 
  and if we talk about integration between different country 's it would be stupid if we would not chose english for that in europe . 
  if we would use german ( example ) for that , than all europeans would have to learn german to communicate with each other in europe and than learning also english to communicate with the americans . 
  that would not be efficient . 
  thank you , was very funny . 
  add a german perspective : we need one for a week , reuse it so it is more efficient . 
  you might be right . 
  do we actually know how many 16 ( example ) year old people we have in europe ? 
  are this 10 million or 50 million ? 
  i cant find a source for that . 
  edit : ok 50 million is a bit crazy , we have only 500 million people in all of europe if i know this right, 
  yea i know the money , i hate this argument a bit . 
  of curse it is true , but we are building a space station and the lhc and we do not have enough money to get our kids a year to become more european that 's sad . 
  i think we should start a petition/referendum in all european country 's to implement a program like erasmus just for everyone or at least for the younger ones . 
   but is definitely something we should establish again that 's would be great , but i would not just do it for german speaking country 's . 
  this langues barriers should not prevent us from doing something like this for all of europe . 
  absolutely, 
  erasmus is nice but to small . 
  it would be better , if every child in europe between 16-18 years , need to go to a different country 's school for one year . 
  like kids from the south go north and kids from the north go south . 
  the lessons should be only in english in this one year . 
  this kids would learn english much better i think and also the langue of the host country . 
  doing this only for students is just not enough . 
  edit : ok , i have to make a point here , the part of `` need to go '' was not meant , to force some people to have to this . 
  if the parents or the teenager it self does n't want to go abroad than they do n't have to , we are not living in a dictatorship in the eu . 
  it more like there should be a possibility for teenager 's without a rich family to have the opportunity to be a part of something like the erasmus program even if they are not at the university . 
  sorry for this bad english from my site and the confusion how this was meant . 
   my biggest complain is that he is not governing as he should be . 
  he 's leaving all the work to the pm . 
  he 's basically behaving like he did n't have the majority in parliament . 
  e.g : how he handled marriage equality by barely saying a word on the matter and leaving all the work to his ministers , when on3 of his campaign promise was marriage equality . 
  so he is actually governing like angela merkel , now i get why you are disappointed . 
  lol , 
   also if we could wait until hollande is out of office that 'd be great ... that made me lough . 
  what is the problem in your opinion with mr. hollande ? 
  edit : please dont destroy this sweet couple :-) http://media0.faz.net/ppmedia/aktuell/gesellschaft/3824860843/1.3364116/default/frankreichs-praesident.jpg, 
  smarter as you for sure, 
   greece decided to leave the euro . 
  lol you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  i fix that , thank you . 
  at least now we know whats happen if you put a country 's like germany and greece in a monetary union without a fiscal or political union . 
  it 's a shame what happen at this time with europe . 
  i 'm really disappointed in our ( europe ) political `` leaders '' , in all of them . 
  edit : leaders -  `` leaders '', 
  upvote sir . 
  that is exactly what i saw in a video with yanis varoufakis and i 'm absolute sure that this would be the best way for booth sides . 
  the only problem i see is where are the potential economy 's are in greece that investment could actually increase the gdp . 
  sometime i think about , why we are not just invest in the solar industry in greece instead of the german one . 
  the greeks could sell us green energy for years and have a stable income . 
  what major economy is still left in greece where people could invest ? 
   it 's not like there is appetite in germany to reclaim `` lost claey '' in say ... poland , right ? 
  of curse not , today nobody ( beside this stupid neo nazis ) would ever do or say something like , we need more space or shit like that . 
   fwiw , is n't this where the eu steps in ? 
  going back to its roots was n't one of the results of the ecsc being that it would n't make sense for germany and france to duke it out once more since two key industries in war production on both sides are tied together ? 
  these are treaty 's and to ensure treaty 's like that you need the power to ensure them . 
  treaty 's like that are awesome as long the nation 's who sign this treaty have no need to break it . 
  for the last couple of years we saw that nation has broken treaty 's because of national self interest , like maastricht treaty broken by germany and france . 
  and because two major eu country 's broke this law , there where no third power in the ez to ensure this treaty against this two major country 's in the ez . 
  do n't get me wrong here , i 'm very happy about how the power balance in western europe is today . 
  you know i 'm just a little bit concern about , where this financial crisis we still have today in parts or europe could lead us in the future . 
  i absolutely agree with you . 
   european country has it 's own military and military infrastructure , when potential threats are mostly the same for all countries what i think is , as long as we sovereign country 's and define us as different groups , like we are germans and france and brits there will be no 100 % safety that a war between us would never ever happen again . 
  and because of that the member states of this eu army and special the larger country 's would never share there critical military infrastructure . 
  as an bad example , the u.k. would say , ok we on an island , maybe we should focus our military spending to the navy part and get ride of some of our tanks and let the germans instead build more of them but less navy . 
  as long as we act together this would be awesome and extremely cost efficient . 
  but what if we do not longer act together and we are still sovereign nation with our prejudice against each other . 
  thanks for the answer , but you know that is kind of a problem , sure the u.s have no problem with a larger german military , even if we would double or triple our military , is still would not be huge enough to come even close the the u.s military and there for we would not be considered as a threat to the u.s. 
  but maybe at this point , the poland , france or the u.k. would say wow the have a larger military then we have now , and even this would not be a problem today , because we are friends and in the nato together , but you know military advisers of france and the u.k could argue whats about 10 years from now or 20 years from now , are we still friends , are we really want the germans have a stronger army than we do ? 
  edit : because the german people know how fast thinks can change and the wrong people can come to power , we are not very supportive with the idea to get an army that is actually representing the german economic power . 
  you are right , i mixed this up in a wrong way . 
  i was searching yesterday for a chart of gdp per hour worked .
