85 years is a very long time . 
  i think the technical advantage over the next 85 years will change the face of the world completely , not just in europe . 
  i think the kind of political and economic structures we see today will not least over the next 85 years . 
  also the power supply of the world will change very raptly at some point . 
  the most point the eu should be prepared for in the near future is the huge migration that will be happening . 
  what we should try to achieve is to destroy the need for war all over the world and because energy resources is a main reasons for wars , it might be possible with future green technology . 
  we also should achieve a technology for faster travel than airplanes to get a real world village . 
  like beaming from star trek or something like it . 
  also a translation technology that can translate all languages in real time in 100 % accuracy would be awesome . 
  merging the nasa , esa and roskosmos because there is no need for 3 of them . 
  there are many more think that need to be done but this post getting to long . 
  thank you too, 
  good points , i hope we will find a good balance for all of us to prevent harm in the future . 
   also , while i think `` family of nations '' is a nice concept , i see this as a concept that applies to the whole of humanity . 
  do you think could be possible if we still believe in something like borders and national states ? 
  i mean borders do nothing more than dividing people in different groups of people just by the geographic . 
  and because we are born and raised in this national state mentality , i do n't think we can solve it with this national states concept at all . 
  hi , i agree on that , but at some point we have to build this eu in a greater spectrum . 
  france and germany could still be the engine of this project but if we not start to take the need for other country 's as serious as ours than , we build a car without wells or breaks seats . 
  i do n't like this picture at all , i would like if all of the eu country 's would just like to be engines too . 
  ok i get it and i agree on that , because we stop after the half way and now think it is to hard to see any positive if we going the full way . 
  for me the eu is pointless if it is not more than a trading union and not just like a `` family '' of nations . 
  the main point for eu and the structures we builded before the eu was to balance the power within european nation like france and germany and the coal union and so on . 
  for my historical knowledge we did this to prevent something like the big wars we had in the past . 
  in the last couple of years we did not have a war of curse but the hate between difference country 's because of financial problem is still like a little `` war '' . 
  i would like to see , in maybe 100 or 200 years the kids of my kids of my kids would not see the need anymore to call the greek people lazy because they are just the same as we . 
  i hope i got this point across . 
  if you see a solution for this without building a real european union than let me know . 
   the uk , happily , still has the pound . 
  if the eurozone wants to become a single country , so be it . 
  but there is no reason for the uk to join in this project which to date has had devastating consequences . 
  yes and i think no one will or can actually force the uk into something like a ez-state or what ever you call it . 
   given the way people feel , this may well be a very painful experience and there is no real evidence that most people even really want that . 
  i do n't agree on that one sorry , the people are disappointed by the eu/ez how it is build today . 
  this does n't mean that we can not build a better one if we really wane to . 
  please do n't ask me how this `` better '' eu/ez looks like . 
  but how we build it today we see heavy dis balances in the ez and in the eu . 
  and for me i think less eu/ez can not solve this dis balance . 
  if you talking about the euro within the ez how it is build today i agree with you completely . 
  but the u.s. have also one currency with very difference economic powers of there states . 
  so for me we should think a little bit bigger if we really want to . 
  but if we wane to think bigger that 's of curse is in the decision of every souverain country . 
  but at some point we should decide if we wane build a real union or not , this kind of half build union will not work very well in the future i think . 
   it would be good for the eu though if the uk engaged more . 
  i would say it is necessary that the uk is more engaged in the eu to get a more balanced eu in all terms . 
  if we buy this argument that germany has to much power in the eu , this will not get better if the uk steps out even more . 
  absolutely , but the same goes for the the us if we talk about the global economy . 
  i think we can not solve this kind of problem by getting divided even more . 
   it means germany can leverage that strong economy to be able to impose other political ideas on the other members of the eu . 
  for me the solution to this is , to become a closer union even more to be able to stop thinking in this inner border eu thinki . 
  if we would have a real eu parliament with real power , germany would be more stabilized in terms of economic laws or labor laws within the eu . 
  with a strong eu parliament i think it would not be possible for germany to outperform other eu country 's just by surpassing laws to undercut labor wages in comparison to there working power . 
   what that system is , i do n't know i also do n't know it , but building a europe just for the free marked is only a half europe , at least for me . 
  this is a very hard topic and i think we get more and more depressing of the eu because it is just half build . 
  edit : i would like to have this poll the uk will do in the future for all the eu country 's . 
  with the simple question do we want a real union or just trading treaty 's with each other . 
  what i see in this poll , is how far we have damaged the picture of the eu in the last 5 years . 
  the eu and also the ez was build with the hope in mind that europe would become closer and closer and the monetary union should just be step one . 
  but everything i read and hear in the last couple of years is that this eu project gone to far . 
  what i see at the end is , that many european country 's want more integration to solve big problems but without losing there own sovereignty political power and this is kind of schizophrenic . 
  what i also see is that many country 's complaining about that germany has to much power in the eu today and in some regard i would agree on that . 
  but for me to solve this power problem , is more integration not less . 
  as long as we still have this national thinking in our minds we will always complain about the others , because we are still separated by borders on maps and in minds . 
  i also find it very funny that many people complaining about that a more integrated eu would be a more centralized eu , even we all live in centralized democratic country 's . 
  funny and a little disappointed by the spell check if this comes instead of germany . 
  hi , i would agree on your top dogs arguments , but do you think that without the eu this picture would be different ? 
  if we like it or not without or with the eu , germany is the economic center of europe and as long we balance this in europe we should be good . 
  as long as i know most of european country 's have there most trading with germany . 
  i agree with you , please do n't call us germoney . 
  still i think that the peace we have the last 70 years in western europe is mainly because of the us protection . 
  because of that protection the three big eu country 's france , uk and germany do n't have to go heavy military by them self and stay in balance with each other . 
  if something like the nato , eu and the us would not exist , germany would have way more military power than france and the uk again and this was not going to be good for all of us in the past . 
  so i ` am very happy with the way the us and eu work in this regard this day 's . 
   hollande said that the way to govern the eu should be changed because it is uneffective and the eu takes too much time to take decisions i would agree on that , but if you want to establish a ez government you have to make clear that this government cares about every country in the ez the same way , and not just care about the one where the people born or come from . 
  and i think is hard to achieve today , because we are raised in term of sovereign nationalities and not in term of being european first and then a german ( in my case ) . 
  thank you, 
  i ca n't read it !, 
  did he also say that the ez only consists of france , germany , italy , belgium , luxembourg and the netherlands ? 
  if not than this idea is kind of strange . 
  what do you think are parts of the `` culture-field '' ? 
  if a `` culture-field '' is something like a point of view or a behavior from a group of people , that in this terms the group is the uk . 
  than the uk have many different point 's of view in many thinks , than other eu country 's . 
  and i would say , that a different point of view are not a bad think , it just make the conversation or a debate about a topic more valuable . 
  every poll i saw the last couple of month from the uk , shows that most of the uk people are in favor of being a part of the eu . 
  and also the eu is not just a german project , so at least if a eu member country has some issue with the treaty 's who are in place today , we should a least considering to talk about the issues and not just saying if you do n't like than leave . 
  i mean this is not a german eu project alone , it is project for all eu members . 
  you are suggesting that human laws are not as perfect as nature laws and can be changed if needed ? 
  you must be crazy :-) ^ / s, 
  that 's a good one made me laugh thank you . 
  it 's sad but true . 
  i think this statement is completely wrong . 
  maybe the european union or the eurozone as it is today , has lost confidence of young people , but europe not at all . 
  and the europe 's crisis is a symptom of bad `` leadership '' of european politicians . 
   what they do not deserve are bickering politicians in a paralyzing stand-off . 
  they do n't deserve panic stories by leading german politicians about the installation of a `` technical government '' in greece , or a grexit accompanied by the re-introduction of the drachma . 
  such alarmists should know they cause harm to our economies and they should think twice before opening their mouths . 
  i hear this a lot too , but many lawyers say we are a sovereign nation and some say no we a re not because of no peace treaty and so on . 
  for me this is simple , the u.s. have the nsa to get secret information about others . 
  every country have something similar to the nsa , maybe smaller but similar . 
  i 'm also not happy with these nsa `` scandals '' but it 's normal that a sovereign nation like the u.s. have something like the nsa .
