   some people order stuff from amazon.co.uk to a service in northern ireland that then brings the stuff down to the republic of ireland . 
  that sounds even more complicated , is it not much cheaper to buy the stuff in euro , instead of pound ? 
  is the shipping of german amazon to expensive ? 
  edit : trying to write better english :-), 
  so your answer is , you are doing it the complicated way because you are not german ? 
  why you do this ? 
  you can switch amazon.de ( german version ) to english if it is because of the $ . 
  thanks a lot , that we can always count on the austrians if the turks going nuts . 
  i use a british styled towel all the time :-), 
  lol if he wants to play hardball with the eu i think our leaders are easily up to the task to deal with a puppet like erdogan . 
  i think this man needs at some point a little reality check , he really overestimating his power by a bit . 
  he is talking to the eu like he would talk to a little country that actually depends on turkey , but we do not , nether economic nor military or in terms of refugees . 
  haha funny , at least it is just about towels this time ... we live in good times . 
  i was there several times with my cycling club for training and holiday , enjoyed it every time , beautiful landscape for cycling . 
  could we please also hand you all the akp lovers over who choose to live in germany instead of the beautiful country called turkey . 
  people who publish shit like this should be sorry not you . 
  you know that is not my decision , if you feel that you have more democratic possibility to deal with the german government that you would have if you would have to deal with a democratic eu parliament that why should i convince you to further integrate . 
  you could also argue like that if you talk about germany , a bavarian has more power over bavarian government than he has over german government because his voice is in competition with more people . 
  the question is , if the eu parliament is builded like a real parliament with all the power of a real parliament would you accept the decisions they make ? 
  even if it not your decision or that most of the voters of your country is not represented by this decision . 
  i think at the moment there is not enough `` we are europeans '' but to much we are `` from x nation state '' and if this does not change in the future it does not really matter how democratic the eu will be . 
   are you not worried about the uncertainty affecting the economy ? 
  of curse i am , but i think rushing something like the brexit with only 2 years to get this stuff done could lead to extreme negative outcomes if we do it wrong . 
  the common market we have brings laws/rules for products and services with it , that enable every company in the eu to know how you have to build something to be allowed to sell it in every country of the eu . 
  our companies in the eu are set up for this laws/rules and if you rush this exit , many companies might not be able to apply to new rules fast enough to be still able to sell or buy something to or from britain . 
  also the free movement need to be dealed with , what rights does eu people have in the u.k. after the brexit and the other way around . 
  all of this is not done is some minutes , this stuff needs time to get agreements on that suits booth sides . 
  and many other stuff i do n't even know for economics and then you have the political power play on top . 
  two years are just too taff for so interrelated economics we have in the eu . 
  might be true , i hope you are wrong . 
  i am not sure about it , that most of the `` brexit '' voters have issues with eastern europeans at all . 
  i think most of them have a problem with the kind of implementation of the free movement and how this enables companies to hire `` cheaper '' east european people instead of more expensive britisch people . 
  the race to the bottom if you will . 
  but you know i might be wrong . 
  i do n't think it is that simple , not to try to outsmart you because i am not that smart at all . 
  but i think there is no single country in the eu at the moment where you do n't have this debate about more or less eu . 
  even in germany you do n't have this amazing huge majority who would go full into deeper integration . 
  i think both sides have good arguments for there point of view . 
  i am not a person who just think other persons are wrong just because they do n't share my point of view . 
  and for europe it is good to have a discussion about this all the time , if we will integrate or not it will only work if most people can live with it without the need to destroy the result , if it more or less integration . 
  thank you , i will change my answer know . 
   do you support the creation of an eu army ? 
  ( yes/no is enough ) yes  would you join it voluntarily ? 
  yes  would you support a draft ? 
  yes but only for training , and not for combat . 
  for combat i would only agree on this if the shit hits the fan really hard for europe in terms of defense . 
   would you sacrifice a year of two in basic training if mandatory ? 
  for a free europe yes of curse  are you physically able to join it ? 
  ( gender does n't matter ) not for now , but i was in the past and could be in the future if needed . 
   do you have relevant skills you could bring into it ? 
  i think so , i am a tech guy and i was a sports guy in my early years so yes . 
   which role/branch would you like to serve in ? 
  i do n't care as long it is about defense . 
  edit : if you down vote me please tell me why , i am here to share opinions and the down vote is just not enough . 
  yea for sure , but transportation is just one part of energy efficiency wich would relate to the scale of country in geographically terms . 
  all the other stuf mention is not very related to geographically and i am sure the u.s. will be at the best in a couple of years because of the mind set to be best , like we have it too . 
  we have the same `` problem '' with the coal part you mention . 
  i do n't share you assumption that most people think that integration is against there will . 
  if it would be that easy than we would not argue about it . 
  i think europe is very split about this and no site has managed to get the upper hand by now . 
  i do n't think so , because people with power always want more power if they are british or other european people with power does not matter . 
  if they see the opportunity to get more power over others than that is what they are aiming for . 
  absolutely , and everybody on the top knows that i would asume . 
  but there is one problem that is holding our governments back to imply a stronger eu parliament or eu government with real power and that is that the national parliament would lose power and therefore also the leaders of the countries . 
  and politicians do n't like to lose power none of them so it would need a real commitment to the eu to do more integration . 
  you just have to watch how people fear the dominance of germany already even it is just a feeling it is not help full for more integration and also the other way around with germans and other countries think they pay already to much for the project and so on . 
  the next level of further integration is a huge step and we will see if europe/eu/eurozone is even ready at all for it . 
  i think that many other states of the u.s. who are not so much into renewable energy and all this stuff will change there mind if they see that other u.s. staates get it really done and be more cost competitiveness that the ones who did not change . 
  yea that is the paradox at this , and one problem i see in this . 
  also we are already very integrated in the eurozone , even more integration would most likely question the `` integrity '' of the nation states and this is not easy for many people if you believe in something like nation states and build our own self seeing person as a part of a nation state . 
  you see this many time on reddit that many people say the fear to lose there culture if we further integrate , as a german i do n't see this because we are a federal state and if you ask a bavarian if they lost there culture because of germany the would tell you that will never happen . 
  but this concerns about losing culture even if it would never be a real problem are serous concerns for people and how they view them self . 
   we do n't have unified policies in that regard that is the reason why i think that at some point the u.s. will be at the top . 
  i think it is just a matter of time and competitiveness in terms of money in and energy out . 
  for the u.s. money for energy and gas for cars matters way more than for germans for example . 
  of curse is all relative , but calling germany or japan a small country in terms of energy is not quite right . 
  as much as i understand your opinion , i have to say that we should all calm a bit down . 
  the eu should not exist because we need each other or do n't need each other . 
  for me we should build this eu because we want to be together with each other on a deeper relations and not because we need other more than others . 
  of curse , i think the u.s. is not further up on the ranking because you started a bit late but the last couple of years you made a huge effort and i think you will be at the top at some point , because the market of renewable and energy efficiency become more competitive every hear so it just a matter of time . 
  than i am good with this even i did not vote for her party . 
  i did not like the turn out of the referendum but it was not up to me so i am fine with it . 
  i do n't see this brexit referendum as a `` fuck you europe '' . 
  i just see it as the british people do n't want to go the same way as we might wane go and that is ok for me . 
  beside the brexit campaign was a real shit show , but this is politics so nothing new about that . 
   `` as soon as possible '' sounds good for me as long if we do not rush this and crush the u.k. or europe even more . 
  does not surprise me at all . 
  nobody really knows how to build such a eu government in the first place and many people do n't even want it , however it is made . 
  i guess we payed for the ranking to let the better ones out of it . 
   humour what do you mean by that never heard of it , must be some english conspiracy . 
  i have no problem with this . 
  2 years after trigger article 50 is not much time for negotiations at this scale . 
  i think it is good for all of us if this goes as monthly as possible . 
  there is no gain for anybody if this is made in a rush and destabilize the u.k. or/and the eu . 
  greens/european free alliance ( greens-efa ), 
  yea we have only 81 million people with almost no industry at all . 
  japan and italy wich are also very small countries . 
  i have to agree with u/marktplatz on this . 
  i also see the the u.s. not only as a good ally to defend nato from the outside if something happen . 
  the u.s. / nato is also a huge factor for military stability inside of western europe .
