  that is 12,23 $ for a german per month , that should not be a big problem after all . 
  do n't worry to much , it is really easy to use stuff like the tor browser . 
  it is blocked because of the gema and youtube is in conflict with each other because of copyright issues . 
   the military power between the three countries is not balanced at all yea , that was not what i meant , i was talking about the military budget in total what is somehow balance . 
  of curse we do not have the same military power as france and britain because of reasons and nuclear stuff . 
   lots of nazi comparisons most likely . 
  you do n't think that this expression is just the outcome of deeper inner feelings of a stronger military germany again ? 
  just because the war is now 70 years in the past does not mean that people have still some kind of bad feeling of a bigger german military force . 
   but overall this point is quite moot as long as they are our allies . 
  and they are our allies because we are in the nato together , so should it not be in our selfish interest to do everything we can , so the nato are able to do its job and allow us to be allies ? 
   i think we could do more , but what is really our goal in it ? 
  i think that basically changing how much we do for nato would require changing entirely on how germany is looking at miliatry . 
  it hink that we as germans rely to some extend to much on our nato partners . 
  and because we rely on other nato partners we allow us the luxury to think everything can be solved without military . 
  and yes if i could wish me something i would wish me that something like weapons and war would not be a part of the world . 
  but this will not happen anytime soon . 
  the fact i would be interested in is , what france and britain would actually say if we would rise our military power to a lvl that is inline with our economic power . 
  after all the nato is not only in place to protect us from the russia or any other treat , it is also in place to protect us from our self . 
  for now the military budged of france , britain and germany looks kind of inline to balance these three countries . 
  would love to hear you thoughts on that . 
  good to know , thanks . 
  other question do you think we as germans are doing enough for the nato ? 
  we are as far as i know the second biggest economy in the nato . 
  we also as part of the nato and so protected by it . 
  would it not be at least fair to do our fair share , at the end we get much out of it , by not being a nuclear weapon nation and do n't forget the u.s money because of that in germany . 
  as much as i like it that we as a society have decided to not get into military that much anymore , the real world looks still today a bit different . 
  hi , you know what i do n't get , we are all over it if it comes to tell other countries they should stick to rules . 
  but if it comes to the rule of the nato to spend 2 % of it 's gdp to military , we just do n't do it . 
  i know why we are not happy with military spending over all , but at the end we are part of the nato and we should stick to its rules . 
  hi , because i ca n't find a good source of my own , maybe you can help me . 
  i would like to see if the surplus of the german economy is because of trading with eu members or because of trading with the rest of the world . 
  i do n't even try what ? 
  i would like to give the british people some advise if you do n't mind . 
  please do not consume german media after your voting is done . 
  i can image that many , of curse not all of the german media will be covered with shit like that . 
  i loved it , but i am not british and i do n't have to vote , so i will not write much more . 
  i agree , at least it is not just open a box and get every stupid stereotypes you know on tv screens . 
  i have to disagree , how the eu is designed today is not great for other countries too . 
  let 's ignore the fact that the gdp of germany is doing ok in this eu , but that 's about it . 
  i for myself think that how the eu is build today does not provide the main reason for me to be in favor of the eu , peace and becoming a closer continent in terms of relations and equality of life . 
  an this should be funny , as much as i hate it when other people tell us that we are not funny , i have to admit this is not even close to be funny . 
  this is just insulting nothing else . 
   what a disaster . 
  i agree , give this some years without a public eu wide referendum , to ask every one , if they want a political union or just a free trade area and this will end in tears . 
  you know the germans where never asked about if they want a closer union or just a free trade union . 
  and you know why , because our leaders think it is better for us if they decide what is good for our live than every single one us decide this . 
  because there could be people who does not share the same idea for there lives than our `` leaders '' do . 
  this might sound a bit harsh but i have another understanding of democracy . 
  beside the fact that this architecture is schizophren , it also does not help to provide more peace between european nations . 
  i would not argue against this . 
  i absolutely agree with you in the terms of protect our allies . 
  for the fact to learn from our past , what i learned for me personally is , it does not really matter why i use a gun to kill somebody , at the end somebody will be dead . 
  this might be easy to say because i never faced the situation where my life was in danger because of someone else . 
  oh my god this is crazy , i am ashamed by this . 
  i do n't want to see a war in europe again at this scale . 
  the life of every one are way to import to lose just a single one person in a war like this . 
  and for me it does not matter if the dead person is a russian , american or any european every single one is one to many . 
  there has to be other ways to prevent a war like this beside scaring the shit out of each other by military power . 
  maybe i am to naive but please not this again . 
  you know , i do n't sit on the table behind the close doors where stuff like this scale is discussed . 
  because of that i do n't know the reasons for particular actions done by our government and you do n't too . 
  corruption might be possible . 
   realistic or opportunistic ? 
  i am not sure how i should respond to this . 
  for me there some kind of bad taste to it if i can phrase it like that . 
  i can imagine many reasons for our government to do this , but nothing that come 's into my mind would be reasonable after the last couple of action russian did . 
   and as a german i am sure you would agree that events in modern russia has many parallels with germany in 1930s . 
  i am not sure if i would go that far , but our point is valid . 
  that does not change the mindset and the guild you feel as a german , wich is the main reason for us to not get to involved in military action even if it would be for a `` good '' cause . 
  me personal i would like it if our allies would give us other options beside the military ones to help you . 
  and no it 's not because we think other should sacrifice there people in a war , not at all . 
  it is because , that we think that nobody in the world should die because of weapon where shot by a german ever again . 
  and yes i know we where involved in afghanistan and that for it self is bad enough , even if it was for a `` good '' cause . 
  and yes the allies did a good job to learn us a lesson , and germany today is the consequence of this . 
  of curse i can speak only for my self and i am to some extend kind of happy that our government is more realistic about the world we live in . 
   just because people on the street said `` nah - why fight for them '' i never heard anyone say this . 
  if this is the case , it is extremely annoying . 
  i think there enough other reasons for us to not escalate stuff with russia . 
  i am not sure if i really wane to respond to this but i do it anyways . 
  just imagine you as person and as society , where raised with the mind set that something bad like ww2 should never happen again . 
  and to prevent that something like a ww2 could happend again there mechanism implemented for balancing the power between countries in europe . 
  for an example germany does not own nuclear weapons for them self , wich is good by me but this makes us way more vulnerable than france or britain for example . 
  also you do n't have to live with this kind of guild , that you ancestors where the reasons for millions of death people across europe . 
  this is nothing you can just overcome because we are all friends now . 
  i think we are on a good way , because of the help from our european friends but we not there yet . 
  yes still today i would say that most of germans are very pacifistic , if you like it or not . 
  no need for danzig . 
  germany is already to big for europe again to be balanced . 
  at least this is my impression if i hear all the time that we overrule other countries in the eu . 
  i do n't get it , what is the reason for this . 
  there is no way any of both sides could win a war like this . 
  even if the war would be without nuclear weapons , we would be all doomed anyway . 
  no prob for me , do what you like and have a nice evening . 
  ah ok , good for you as a girl i guess . 
  ok thanks , for the german sentence it would be : frankreich oder italien , ich mag die zwei l\u00e4nder einfach . 
  `` blo\u00df '' is not quite right , it would admit i only like these two countries . 
  hi and thanks , please tell how the sentence would be correct , if you do n't mind . 
  nice summary , i feel the same way about france . 
  yea i would not even consider to call czech rep part of `` eastern '' europe anymore , i see them more as `` central '' europe . 
  france or italy , i just like these two countries .
