  you know we are europe , there i just no problem that ca n't be solved if we ( europe ) are willing to do so . 
  ok maybe problems because of physical laws can not be solved , even if europe try 's that :-), 
   mastermind pinky and the brain , love it . 
  lol , i 'm spreading the anger . 
  looks like , it is not good for being pro european in this subreddit . 
  edit : got -  good, 
  ok , than i will laugh , thanks for your help . 
  do n't get me wrong but this is funny , calling the americans by the brits because of democracy . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_revolutionary_war, 
  no we do n't have to do it this time , the free market will do it for us . 
  nice :-), 
   that is evident . 
  if this is evident , why do you making a comment like  you 're really not helping , mate . 
  edit : it 's like i 'm saying , the water is wet if it is liquid . 
  poland is funny , most trustworthy = germany , least trustworthy = germany ?? 
  i am not sure if i wane laugh or cry ... 
  nope , it was not enforced and a law or a treaty that is not enforced is pretty useless . 
  because of that we should just break every rule or law , because nobody cares obviously . 
   according to the maastricht treaty , the national debt should not exceed 60.0 percent of gdp and the deficit should not exceed 3.0 percent of gdp . 
  looks like that treaty worked pretty well in that term . ^ / s, 
  i am not trying to help , i am just angry . 
  he my friend , you missed the german attitude of being angry !, 
  that is lovely . 
  wow europe became smaller and smaller . 
  i ca n't spot the joke in there , sorry . 
  it 's more like a tragedy that financial problems can have such an impact . 
  i would understand if greece would have to leave the ez/eu , because of major disagreements on shared values with the rest of the ez/eu , but just because of money it 's tragedy . 
  our lovely politician on booth sides destroying something today , that many generation of europeans have build and dreamed of . 
  but you know it 's just funny i know . 
  we are so fucking deep rooted in your national behaviors , that at the end we will destroy europe ones again . 
  and for me the eu without greece or maybe without the uk , is more like earth without water or air . 
   we should call it simply civilization . 
  civilization hd please . 
   my democracy nice , i think you got the whole point about democracy . 
  nuclear reprocessing reduces the volume of high-level waste , but by itself does not reduce radioactivity or heat generation and therefore does not eliminate the need for a geological waste repository . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=nuclear_reprocessing so not all of the waste can be reprocessed right ? 
  at the end , we still have to deal with waste , if i read it correctly . 
   what 's your deal against nuclear ? 
  it works incredibly well for france ? 
  if it works for france than i ` am fine with it . 
  maybe they found a way to store the waste in a proper way over thousands of years . 
  as far as i know , for germany , we did not find a proper way for now . 
  i agree, 
  funny and true . 
  the research on fusion is subsidized by many country 's this day 's . 
   renewables are subsidised more and that 's what i think is a wrong adoption . 
  atomic energy will even get subsidized long after it is in use . 
  because storing atomic waste for thousands of years . 
  this storage 's have to be maintained and the money for that will not come from the companies that ones got the profit for selling this atomic electrical power . 
  and you are coming to the conclusion that subsidized renewable energy is worse than subsidized coal and atomic energy ? 
  or what is our statement about ? 
  did you also ask this question about coal and atomic energy too ? 
  this industry is subsidized all the time for a very very long time too . 
  well said, 
  33 % that 's amazing for 2014 . 
  is this not the movie ? 
  : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_hitchhiker's_guide_to_the_galaxy_ ( film ), 
  that is not my point , i just hate news like this , it 's like i would say all elephants are blue . 
  why they do n't give us and the uk people just more information and not just a sentence like this . 
  but this is your opinion that was not written in the news ? 
  just to make that clear , he just said it is impossible but no word about why , yes ? 
  than cern has done something extremely wrong . 
  i do n't want that the uk leaves the eu too , but did he mention why it is impossible , maybe i missed it ? 
   the language of europe is translation that 's sound very cool , now we need this ears fish who translates in the movie : the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy, 
  i agree , but then we would need euro bonds . 
  so that not only the greek debt become federalized . 
  many country 's would say why not our debt too . 
  edit : also because of the owners and shareholders of the european central bank are the central banks of the 28 member states of the eu . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=european_central_bank, 
  that 's a good point the news say nothing about how this loan will get payed back . 
  i just assumed this because of the word loan . 
  this link http://www.haushaltssteuerung.de/schuldenuhr-griechenland.html shows that greece actually reducing it 's debt , but only 6.15 $ per second . 
  edit : sorry do not have a english link for that, 
  i agree , like i said it 's buying time , and in some regard yes it is a solution . 
  i ` am sure that news like this will help to find a solution . ^ / s, 
  at the end it is also a loan with interest , not something like a gift of money . 
  i do n't see how this will help to find a solution , it 's only buying time . 
  yes i do n't like both of it . 
  i have to agree , that 's why i do n't like it that we sill behaving like we are normal national states . 
  the surplus of germany is not produced in germany alone , its actually produce all over europe but the surplus only counts for germany . 
  like a bwm the parts for it come from all over the europe . 
  ok the people who are working for bmw in other country 's get they wages and the gdp is also rising for the country 's , but the surplus for selling this car only count on german surplus . 
  edit : what i mean by that is the selling price of a bmw are production cost ( wages , cost 's of the parts and building and so on . . ) + profit . 
  the profit is not shared between the country 's who are part of this production line . 
  if the profit would be shared , the trade surplus would be much smaller for germany . 
  i would blame the german 's , because they are the evil of this world . 
  if all of the current debt would be forgiven the huge amount of interest the greek government as to pay right now , would not be such a pain anymore . 
  off curse you also need stable funding of you country . 
  edit : look at this http://www.haushaltssteuerung.de/schuldenuhr-griechenland.html greek debt is droping, 
  i would like to now , what would happen , if for an example germany would give out german bond 's in the amount money needed for pay back all the loan from greece . 
  than germany instead of giving a loan to greece we just give the money as a gift . 
  would be interesting if this would destroy the credit-worthy of germany . 
  just a theoretical consideration , nobody would every do something like this in the real world i guess . 
  just as an example if we would not take 100 % of greece dept maybe just 0.1 k billion and add this to the german 2.1 k billion of debt , than grecce had only 0.2 k billion of debt and germany 2.2 k billion of debt . 
  i think this would increase the interest/yield of german bonds by maybe 0.50 % . 
  i think we could handle this in mathematics and economic terms . 
  but the major problem with this would be that most likely other country 's would demand germany do the same for there country and that would not be impossible . 
  what you think , is it worth to do something like this for all of us in the eu and in ez ? 
  or do you think this is absolutely ridiculous even to think about something like this ? 
  edit : just for people who do not now germany debt rising every second abount 1600 $ , after 2 years this would be 0.1 k billion , if i did the math right .
