  ok , at least they try , they cutting huge amounts of there welfare system as far as i know . 
   true , but they could then just print 1000 drachma and hand it to the creditors when they come knocking . 
  it obviously has the risks of hyperinflation . 
  that 's how i understand this too . 
  and a hyperinflation is also extremely painful for the people in the country . 
  that 's what my question was for , i ` am not a lawyer for international law . 
  the new bonds will in drachma for sure , are you really sure that the old loans also will converted to drachma ? 
  and if if so lets assume the ration from drachma to euro would 1/10 does this not also mean that all the old loans would be increasing by 10 times ? 
  example : old loan of 100 $ with euro as currency , after switching to drachma , with 1 drachma for 10 euro 's , the former 100 euro loan would now be 1000 drachma ? 
   you 're confusing deficit with debt that 's the truth , i used the wrong word exactly . 
  i will change this . 
  i guess the music you can listen to in the german music chart 's 2015 . :-), 
  i never heard someone say this , interesting . 
  i only hear people talking about the nazi german concentration camp . 
  wow that 's crazy , is this legal ? 
  serbia is not in the eu and not in schengen area so i guess yes it is legal . 
  any lawyer in here that have a larger understanding of this ? 
  if the country is going to default than it 's also can go default in the ez . 
  if default mean that all creditors lose there money . 
  the only reason for a grexit as far as i understand it , is that they devalue there own currency and be competitive again . 
  but does somebody understand , how they can pay back debt with the new currency without going default too ? 
  the debt will still remain in euro even if they change there currency . 
  the part with leaving the eu i do n't get at all . 
  a better solution for me would be , that the creditors accept that the greeks and the creditors did something wrong . 
  and the creditors write off a huge amount of the greek 's debt , the greeks bring there deficit spending under control like they did in the last 5 years . 
  and booth the creditors and the greeks never ever do something like this again . 
  but i guess creditors do n't like to admin that at this point they will never see a huge amount of there money , if not some other lender will buy them out . 
  can someone tell me please what other option are available ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-13361930 turn the other country 's off and will only see the the line for greece mouse hover over the line at 2001 and you see the % . 
  it is not relevant lol . 
  debt that was expelled in the greek 's balance sheet with the help of goldman sachs was wrong . 
  2001 as greece entered the ez with the actually debt of 103,7 % of there gdp . 
  and because of this wrong balance sheet creditors invested in greek . 
  the first time someone published that the balance sheet of greek ca n't be the real financial situation of country was 2004 by eurostat . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_financial_audit,_2004 edit : change deficit to debt , that was really misleading, 
  it is not wrong , what was actually wrong , was the deb that was expelled in the greek 's balance sheet with the help of goldman sachs . 
  2001 as greece entered the ez with the actually debt of 103,7 % of there gdp . 
  i guess the history tells another story . 
  r/germany is only connected over r/europe to other country 's subreddits but not in reverse . 
  absolutely possible and i ` am sorry if i do n't got our point . 
  wtf , crazy and so on ... 
  you should ask this your government . 
  because country 's acting almost every time only in there own interests , i guess your government had some serious point 's why to join . 
  so far i agree . 
   keeps spending of member states at check how do you do this if every country 's government only decides for them self how much deficit they are spending . 
  there is nothing in europe in place that can really sanction or intervene a member-state that maybe will harm the whole ez if they overspend . 
  the pressure government feel for overspend is some blaming from other eu country 's or the market . 
  and normal the market is a good think for that but in case of greece the yield of there bonds was actual not representing the economic power of greece at this point in time . 
  first of all , the interest or yield for greece bonds droped like hell after joining the ez . 
  if greece had not chosen to overspend there deficit like crazy in term of the country 's gdp , there would be no problem at all . 
  but as i mentioned in another subreddit already , politicians like to stay in power and buying vote with welfare . 
  and creditors like to lend money , does n't matter much for them if it is not suitable in the long run , because they now they will got there money back in whatever way . 
   very reasonable but otherwise unpopular i agree . 
   only scandinavian nations that already have balanced budget laws . 
  was there not a ez or eu treaty that say , country 's are only allowed to spend 3 % there gdp as deficit ? 
  witch was broken by germany and france too , if i remember correctly . 
   europe as a whole entity , there has to come a governing body that keeps the spending of countries in check i think that 's the main issue in this regard . 
  but the ez is not a fiscal union for now , just a monetary union . 
  for now i think no country is will to give up there fiscal independence to the ez . 
  so the nuclear arming starts again , i feel a bit scared , so can we please build our own nuclear weapons to protect germany . 
  i think you showed me this in another subreddit already . 
  i hope you are right , i really hope so . 
  a computer simulation would be nice , with what would happen if we choose this parameter goes up or down and the consequences of that for the economy . 
  but because economy and financial systems are not only driven by math , they are also driven by irrational people , we will never have something like that i guess . 
  is this not the case ? 
  now you destroyed my world view , let me believe in unicorns . 
  are you sure , because i ` am only believing in thinks , if a link of a `` serious '' news source confirmed your statement . 
  if you have enough people you could do booth at the same time . 
  and i doubt that the chef can help very much to prevent the ship to sink, 
  did we mate it to the guinness world records with that ? 
  if not i ` am really disappointed . 
   greece blames everyone but itself come on , the whole europe does this . 
  it 's much easier for politicians to stay in power if you tell your voters , it was not our fault the other did the mess by them alone . 
  i mean your economy 's are so highly interconnected , who the hell still believing in that shit . 
  sure greece did something wrong by believing just because the interest rates after joining the ez was so low the could spend more that there gdp was able to handle . 
  in the same time none of the big creditors did there job in a proper way to first watch if lending this much money is sustainable for a country with this gdp . 
  where the hell was s&p , moody 's and fitch at this time ? 
  no word from them that this kind of lending money could maybe cause some problems . 
  cool , nice done . 
  thank you, 
  i just do n't get this . 
  that 's a good one . 
  thanks for fixing my mess !, 
  i followed the news and no new baby yet , please generalscruff make it happen we count on you . 
  congratulation , do n't drink and drive . 
  it ever was and it ever will be until we discovered the warp-drive than we build united federation of planets . 
  i know it hurt 's a bit , but if you considering this statement 's as fun than we should maybe not take everything who is considered as fun extremely serious . 
  understandable, 
   she 's happy if it 's true , so that 's all that matters for me . 
  nice one !, 
  good luck for the future !, 
  yes please tell your beautiful princes , they need to get more baby 's , we love that very much . 
  yes we are very smart , we are pudding solar panels everywhere because germany is such a sunny place . 
  ^ s  more and more houses in the uk are getting solar panels . 
  nice that you riding the train with us . 
  for me it would just more awesome if we would build this solar panels all over southern europe who actually have sun and it would also create jobs in regions where they are needed . 
  and than northern country 's could buy green energy from them in the winter . 
  oh because of accidentally ? 
  that all the uk has to offer in terms of good news ? 
  if so , congratulations !!,
