  even if most of the germans do n't share this romantic view about the eu and europe i have , the care about there life 's at least . 
  and if you believe it or not germany is not a rich country because we are just germans and selected by god to be rich . 
  we are rich because we live on a rich continent and if this changes we will be poor too . 
  so there for i think the germans will do everything to stay a rich country and this means to care a bout that your neighbors are rich too . 
  i do n't agree on everything you sad , because these people you are speaking about do n't feel the need to do a transfer union because there life is good enough with out it . 
  if the life of this germans get worse because the eu get 's unstable around them , i think this germans will to do almost everything to keep this eu stable , even if this means drastic changes like a transfer union . 
  maybe i overestimate the important 's of the eu for most germans but i do n't think so . 
  i agree !!!, 
  now i think is time that the people ones more standing up and show how important this project really is . 
  it does not matter if it is not perfect but it is absolutely better than anything we had in the past . 
  and just because the anti people are the loudest today does not mean they are the majority in europe . 
  good luck my friends , i hope for the future that we will be good friends but not a family and absolutely no never ever enemy 's , if i can it phrase it like that . 
   which destroyed the dream of real unification this dream is not destroyed and will never be destroyed . 
   i really hope that merkel will not dispoint us i would say merkel act like she did because many germans have failed to let there voices heard because they live a `` good '' live at the moment . 
  the only screaming voices in germany today are this anti everything voices and for now the huge majority of germans still do n't see the need to counter this by there voices . 
  also every political party in germany that is in the `` bundestag '' today is pro-eu , if this will change at some point there will be a counter to this anti eu just not now sadly . 
  edit : some grammar, 
  hi , i would agree on the view you and many other have on germany today . 
  but let me say you this . 
  many germans the silent majority of germans today will not allow to let this eu project go to the dust . 
  today many germans do n't feel the need to get out and show what they stand for because for many the life they have today is good . 
  if this eu project will get in real trouble on economic or on peace terms this silent majority will be loud and heard , trust me . 
   spain and italy are likely to be left behind this will not happen , many people in germany see this eu project not just as a trading union and nit just only about money . 
  maybe we are not the majority in germany today , but we are also not just like 3 people who think like this also . 
  i would like it , because i do n't like the view that we build blocks just because on economic reasons . 
  the eu is about more than just money . 
  i my self see the eu more like a big family , not every one in a family share the same opinion on everything , but at the end a family stands together does not matter how hard the times are . 
  as much as i understand your opinion , i would not like it if germany and france would be on a different speed track in europe . 
  for me this eu project is more , than just the economic stuff . 
  i want a closer union not because of money , but because of the people and romantic view that was at some point in time presented to me mostly by the french , to become real friends in the future and not just closer trading partners . 
  i would like if it is at some point in time possible that a politician born in germany will do everything he can to build a better life for all of us in the eu and not just for the german interest 's . 
  i know we are sadly far away from this kind of acting but i still have hope that we will be at some point more a family of nations and not just a trading union . 
  and yes i know not anybody feels the same way and this is absolutely fine for me , but i think we lost the bigger picture of the eu and only care about the money today . 
  thank you very much . 
  in germany if we talk to get more direct democracy like in switzerland into germany , you get the same answer from our politicians over and over again . 
  it only works for switzerland because they are not as many people as in germany and of curse we are still evil people because what happend in wwii . 
  absolutly, 
  i do n't think it is possible to solve the problem that the people who are informing other people about something , are in a more powerful position that the people who get informed . 
  and because of that you would have still people that could be compromised by special interests groups and there for the information that is presented to people . 
  i man not sure i get your question . 
  could you phrase it a bit different please ? 
  yea that is the huge problem with direct democracy . 
  i am happy you did not watch `` the purge '' :-), 
  at least it was like you describe it in the past . 
  i wish we could handle it better that time , but i think we will not be able to sadly . 
  people only know what they have lost , if they lose it in the first place . 
  i would also go much more into directly democratic decision making . 
  even if you do n't like the results that come out of it , you at least know what the people are on about . 
  so we could deal with the real problems of the people and not just what some elites think are the problems the people have . 
  i am also highly in favor that the best decision for every one people 's life are done by the people them self . 
  oh ok , so you are a empire of vampire 's , dam . 
  you referring to this right ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_confederation i miss the past too my friend ;-) joke a side this is fucking long time ago , i think we are better of now . 
  man you did not ask me if you are allowed to speak again , what is going on , why are you so rebel to your master ? 
  where you from please ca n't see a flag . 
  summer 1815 , you are a immortal vampire or what ? 
  if so maybe we have work for you in our empire . 
  no we do n't plan invade you because we did it already . 
  next time ask me first if you allowed to speak because i am your master . 
  beside the fact that the referendum is only 4 day 's in the past . 
  i will ** not ** boycott uk-products , sorry . 
  just some question if you do n't mind . 
  is this driven by big energy companies or by smaller stakeholders ? 
  can you sustain this kind of renewable energy level over the whole year ? 
  winter and summer ? 
  you have a graph with detailed information about the renewable energy sources ? 
  thank you very much . 
  ok , i excepted it a bit different because of the sun you get . 
  but does not really matter if you get it done without it , very nice work . 
  edit : the wind is more offshore or onshore ? 
  awesome to see , good job portugal . 
  why only 1,1 % in solar , what the reason for this ? 
  agree, 
   did merkel even prepare anything ? 
  or was she caught completely off guard ? 
  i do n't know her or what she has planed . 
   well it would have been nice to have prepared a joined statement . 
  hollande went one way , merkel went another way , the foreign ministers of the 6 went the way of hollande kinda , cameron went a 3rd way . 
  and juncker probably a 4th way , i dunno . 
  see we can not agree on that so why you have to blame merkel for her view ? 
  i do n't blame hollande on his views . 
  so can you please calm down a bit . 
  i agree with all what you say , but please we are in 4th day after the vote . 
  this will look way different in 1-2 weeks , we do n't have to wait 3 month . 
  just a question for you , what would you do now ? 
  the article 50 can only be triggert by the country who wants to leave , what will you do about it ? 
  the british parliament is talking today for the first time after this referendum , maybe we see some steps you want to happen . 
   again ... have you seen the markets ? 
  is that your image of stability ? 
  of curse not , but the u.k. does not know by now what to do and how to do it . 
  how the market is behaving is completely normal in this kind of circumstances . 
  if we would push the u.k. now even harder do you think this would be stabilizing the market ? 
  and yes i would like if the exit campaign would have a plan after they vote to leave , but they do n't because these leaders where nothing more than fear mongers and lied to there people all the time about how the eu works and so on . 
  we should blame the leave campaign leaders for having no plan , not the u.k. as a whole . 
  edit : if you feel that we should push them down the road than please step up as france and do it . 
  it is not the germans who need to make every single decisions , if france or other countries would step in and do something so please do . 
  lol of curse fox news ^ ^, 
  the leaders in u.k. did not expected this outcome of the referendum and so had no plan for the time after . 
  as important the market is , the u.k. is in a internal political crisis now after this referendum . 
  i think they have to fix this first and than we can deal with this splitting from the eu .
