  i also see no gain for destabilizing the u.k. even more , not for the u.k. and not for the e.u. 
  edit : grammar, 
  yes right , but give the british more than 4 day 's to figure out how they should deal with such a complex subject is just fair for me . 
  looks yummy , give me more . 
  :-) interesting, 
  i am not sure if i would say it like that . 
  the german export industry is very in favor of the euro , but the normal worker who has lost economic power in comparison with a strong deutschmark and more than a century with almost no wage surplus are feel it a bit different . 
  there i just more than one viewpoint on it . 
  i think we are good of with the euro , but germany lacking extremely behind in sharing the wealth from top to button because of low wages or taxes on companies and rich people , so the purchasing power of normal people is to low in comparison to economic power of germany . 
   still , it would be nice to see general public 's opinion on the topic ... yup that would be nice . 
  i agree it is the goal for many people , but not for all people . 
  i think we should only deeper integrate if most of the people are in for it not just like 51 % . 
  there is no gain to build a deeper federal eu if its get destroyed from inside because the people are not happy with it . 
  we also started this project not so long ago , and society 's need time . 
  this project will not be finished in couple of years , this is a long time project . 
  if i look at it , i try to imagine how it is for people from like eastern europe , who hat only 25 years now to build there own countries how they want it to be . 
  forcing them into something will not help them and will not help all of us . 
   people here have abandoned all hope of this country ever turning into a normal , democratic state . 
  first i am very sorry for you if this is the case . 
   i 'd much rather vote for germans than bulgarians , that 's for certain . 
  i would rather vote for fran\u00e7ois hollande than for angela merkel , but i know this is not comparable to our situation . 
  i wish you and your country all the best , do n't lose hope for a better world please . 
  i do n't read his statement with this kind of mindset , so i do n't think that `` murdering everyone who disagrees '' was his intention at all . 
  i think you missed the whole point what i am talking about . 
  but you know i guess your main language is not english and also mine is not english so that 's normal . 
  and no i am not comparing the eu with the soviet union , because i am old enough to know what the soviet union was a like and i also lived with it for some years . 
  i was just making the point that force against the will of people , will not work for a deeper integration of the eu . 
  hi , i am not sure if you could get a majority of 51 % of germans like to build something like a `` use '' . 
  something like the use is a very big step for every nation even if there are more pro-eu than other nations are . 
  also i think there is no need to rush something like this . 
  i would say there is a huge different , the nazis where not asking the french nicely if they wane do become part of germany and also not the other way around for napoleon . 
  a federal state in the eu that consists of more than one european nation will be something completely different in any way . 
  edit : also if for an example a nation like france and germany would like to build a federal country , the way to build it would take a long time . 
  just try to imagine what all has to be done . 
  different legal systems that had to merge different political system that had to merge and so on . 
  what do you referring to please ? 
  help my history knowledge . 
  there is no need for a push for the united states of europe . 
  something like the `` united states of europe '' will not work if you try to force nation and societies into it . 
  the russians tried it ones and it was working only by force . 
  the deeper integration will happen if people of certain nation a ready for it , if you try to force people into something like this , it will fail . 
  who ever claim something like `` americans are dumber '' as who ever , never had the intelligence in the first place to claim bullshit like this about a nation of over 300 million people . 
  statements like this are absurde in itself . 
  there will be no trade war or anything like this . 
  at the moment the `` eu '' is disappointed and screams a bit like always . 
  but at the end britain is in europe , it is one of the main trading partner for the eu and for germany , especially for our main industry , the car/mechanical industry . 
  there will be a deal that pleases both side , because nobody is willing to risk a economic collapse of europe and the rise of the far right because of that . 
  also if other eu member think that they might be better of the eu so might be it . 
  there will be countries that will further integrate and there a countries that do n't want that . 
  at the end non of this countries will disappear from europe and also the eu is not something that is finished and also not even somebody knows how it will be alike if it is `` finished '' . 
  maybe there will be multiple layer of the eu from trade only layers to full integration on the continent of europe , and any european country will decide wish layer of the eu is best for them and there people . 
  at least this is what i think will happen . 
  awesome, 
  this would be awesome . 
  diana , princess of wales we miss you !, 
  the end is near , get ready for the army of robots :-), 
  woooot , that 's not good , please leave the eu , we need the royal babies and weddings . 
  edit : no `` fun '' key on german keyboard , i hope you got it anyways . 
  nobody prevent your country to go into fracking if you like it that much , do it . 
  if you think the green way is the short-minded one than i am really sorry for you . 
   edit : yeap wtf !, 
  nice one , thanks . 
  wow , the statement of you and / u/quickstrike22 made me cry . 
  i feel sorry for you , that you have to live with the feeling that you describe . 
  i hope that our country will be able and allowed to be a free nation and be surrounded by `` friends '' like switzerland . 
   then again , i 'm of the opinion that germany desperately needs to get off its ass in terms of military budget . 
  one of the biggest world players in terms of economy and politics yet we only fulfill 1,2 % form the 2 % of nato quota . 
  i absolutely agree on that . 
  just imagine the u.s. would say : europe you are big and wealthy enough to protect yourself from countries like russia , we have other stuf to do . 
  at this moment i could imagine that the military spending in europe would go up like crazy . 
  but the u.s. is also a main factor for a peaceful western europe itself , so this will not happen soon i guess . 
  and that is my problem , we should take the nato seriously . 
  at the moment europe is protected by the u.s. and they are so kind to call it nato . 
  it think we as europe should be a full partner in the nato wich means we ( europe ) should be at least as powerful as the u.s. in terms of military power . 
   i think he was talking about de jure possesion of self manufactured nuclear weapons . 
  not being capable of producing nukes in a months if we want to or having some leased us nukes . 
  i agree on that . 
  of course we could build our own nukes . 
   that 's why we should get tactical nuclear weapons . 
  we ca n't rely on the us for that . 
  i do n't agree on that completely . 
  my problem is that other nato members want us to increase the protection of other nato members , but argue we should to the same if not more than the u.k. or france . 
  but we are not a military power like the u.k. and france not even close . 
  and in terms of protection against a nuclear power ( like russia ) , the only protection against it is your own nuclear weapons . 
  i can just imagine if we sit on a table with putin and merkel say , you know we will protect poland what ever it takes and putin start laughing . 
  at the end only the u.s , u.k. and france are cable of protect us against the russians . 
   we have a rocket shield over europe soooo ... yeah . 
  no problem with that , but this is also not a german project to protect our self and europe . 
  these are all nato ( u.s. ) initiatives . 
  and i do n't argue about that we are not protected . 
  the point i wane make is , that we are not the country you ask for protection , because we are not able to do it , nor in the position for it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_sharing that 's the point nobody cares about the german opinion if it comes to a conflict of this scale . 
  at the end we are not able to protect our self from russia or whatever other nuclear power , nor we can provide protection for other nation , like poland . 
  also if other nato members like the u.s. wane place nato bases in east europe , they just do it , they do n't need the german approval for it . 
  what do you mean , we do not own nuclear weapons . 
  every nuclear weapon on german soil is owned by another nato country . 
  under nato germany does have access to us-owned nuclear weapons , but only with us approval - which basically means it 's not germany having access to the weapons , but the usa getting access to delivery systems ( a single tornado bomber squadron is trained to use nukes , and since the tornadoes are leaving service and the replacement typhoon is n't nuclear-capable , even this will end in a few years . 
  lol as of the nato or the russians would give a shit about the german opinion . 
  the only shit that matters are nations with nuclear weapon capability 's . 
  france \u2764,
