  what you expect from major german media , that they try to build bridges between peoples , spreading hate is so much more easier . ^ s, 
   the imf report said the way income is distributed matters for growth . 
  `` if the income share of the top 20 % increases , then gdp growth actually declines over the medium term , suggesting that the benefits do not trickle down . 
  in contrast , an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 % is associated with higher gdp growth , '' said the report . 
  hey german government you might wane listen our bottom 20 % could maybe also need a little more . 
  hi , maybe you like to know how much and how long germany is investing in renewable energy 's . 
  thanks for your interest in the eu . 
  we will never be alone , the universe is full of life . 
  i do n't understand what are trying to say with that . 
   germany says establishing nato military bases in former communist countries in eastern europe would violate a 1997 nato agreement with russia . 
  i have no idea why germany still think that agreement 's matter anything more that the paper they are written on . 
  looks like it would be better if germany would just do the same like all other 's do and ignore agreement 's like the russians did with invading ukraine . 
  last time i heard that marked 's all ready price in a greek exit and now the stocks are dropping just because of an meeting that ended after 45 minute . 
  i will no longer believe anything anymore . 
   growing economy leading to inevitable co2 increase ? 
  german economy grew 1.6 % in 2014 and still reduced there co2 emissions . 
  yea let the youth rule the world , it just ca n't get worse than how it is today . 
  hi thanks for your reply . 
   no , national banks do n't have decision power over currency issues and they 're effectively just a subdivision of the ecb . 
  i never said that they have decision power over currency issues , i just said they still exist . 
  if this is true , i ` am really sorry for this people , that they are captured in there closed world view . 
  the live is so good if you do n't have hate other people . 
  thank you for the upload , very nice topic and i ` am more in favor of it than against it . 
  the english translation is not very god , or my english is way to bad . 
  about the topic of national states , i would really like it , if we could just overcome this national states . 
  to get rid of denigrate other people just because they are from another country or just denigrate the other country . 
  i ` am so sick of it , that the german media or german politicians in my case always try to convince me that people from other country 's are lazy or stupid or what ever , just because they are not german . 
  it would be nice if my kids would not be burdened with this anymore . 
  a republic worked very well for germany , neither the culture of german region 's got rekt , neither did the history of german region 's got rekt and also the different german dialect still exist . 
  so it might be also working for the eu . 
  but i guess that many people do n't like this idea and many politicians also would not like give there power away . 
  you see i ` am pretty much pro european , but i ` am not at all pro eu democracy how it is working today . 
  in 200 year they will all speak like this 10100101110110 , chip in brain and let 's go . 
  nice, 
   because of media for me this is absolute the case , is it even easier to understand american people than the british people if the speak to me . 
  that 's the reason interest rates exit , pile up the money by the 1 % . 
  at the moment i heard that germany is calling back there gold reserves to germany , i knew this money lending club will be over soon . 
  are there any buttons out there , that do n't start something ? 
  i am embarrassed how bad my english is too , if i have to speak with you in english , that would be much more complicated that writing with spellcheck :-) for me it is much easier to read or listen to english than speaking it . 
   germany is simply content to not rock the boat too much , because they believe they stand to lose very little if they do nothing . 
  trust me on this , we do not believe that if it comes to a war , we are losing very little . 
  we are so cautious because we do n't think that threatens russia would make anything better . 
  edit :  what 's really changed for europeans with eu obligations to each other , and are their interests really so close to have such a collective identity ? 
  that 's a good question , if we had never tried something like eu we would never know if we can pass over our nationalism . 
  and yes maybe , but i do n't hope , we fall back in our pure national behavior . 
  hi i need some history refresh , i assume that the russians are afraid of the weapons near there border from nato . 
  did the nato or the u.s. ever an aggressive act against russia ? 
  is placing weapons in the country that not belong to russia a aggressive act against russia ? 
   the one that you do not see , because pointedly we delist it . 
  i ` am not sure if i like it or not . 
  in one hand it would be annoying to see all this subreddits . 
  on the other hand , it might be giving a wrong illustration what people are really thinking . 
  no it was not really , but the term `` illegals '' sounds really crazy to me . 
  because they are `` illegals '' that does not mean they are no longer humans i guess . 
  so in case of violence against these people , a german will still be condemned by law ? 
  you know if germany has the right to put them into a plane and fly them to africa ? 
  i think for the people with asylum granted in italy , i guess not . 
  does someone have exactly knowledge about international law , if they really have the right to be in germany ? 
  yes i ` am not talking about german billions , i ` am talking about 10 ^ 9 10 ^ 9 are called milliarde in german and 10 ^ 12 is called billion in german . 
  the main reason for me using a l language is to get in contact with other people . 
  for that reason i ` am very happy that many people/country 's shifting to english as there second language . 
  if this would be the case with french , german or spanish i had also not problem with that , at least we are using one together . 
  proper communication is necessary to understand each other and solve misconceptions . 
  i would like to now , what would happen if for an example germany would give out german bond in the amount money need for pay back all the loan from greece . 
  than germany instead of giving a loan to greece we just give the money as a gift . 
  would be interesting if this would destroy the credit-worthy of germany . 
  edit : just a theoretical consideration , nobody would every do something like this in the real world . 
  edit : just as an example if we would not take 100 % of greece dept maybe just 0.1 k billion and add this to the german 2.1 k billion of debt , than grecce had only 0.2 k billion of debt and germany 2.2 k billion of debt . 
  i think this would increase the interest of german bonds by maybe 0.50 % . 
  i think we could handle this in mathematics and economic terms . 
  but the major problem with this would be that most likely other country 's would demand germany do the same for there country and that would not be impossible . 
  this is so stupid , sorry but please shut up . 
  your absolute right but that does not negate my statement at all . 
  the negative interest is so low that of course could not pay back the whole loan it self , if this would be the case the loan it self would be ridiculous , because the lender would bay back the loan by them self . 
  edit : installments are not payed back by some kind of surplus or something like this , its got pay back by giving out a new bond 's and get a new loan . 
  this new loan is now used to pay back the installments . 
  actually not , what country 's do to `` pay back '' the get a new loan from a creditor for bonds and use this loan to pay back a older loan . 
  not even germany who as a major tax surplus this day 's actual pay back there debt . 
  but the got a very very good new loan for there bonds wit almost no interest at all . 
  2014 germany had couple of day 's where the loans germany got for there bonds had a negative interest , because of creditors see this bond as a save port . 
  this is actually really funny , if germany to this time . 
  could just replace there 2k billion debt with a loan with negative interest germany would not even have to pay back there loans because the creditors it self would ^ ^ because of negative interest . 
  :-) but it is not possible for germany to sell bond 's for 2k billion on the marked in one day . 
  this also only happens with the 2 years bonds if i remember correctly, 
   because of the banking crisis ( caused by private banks ) . . and even that would not have been a problem if the ecb took up its role as lender of last resort for eurozone countries ( since they have no central bank of their own anymore ) . 
  the ecb buys the bonds of a country 's and the country got a loan in return and with this loan come interest . 
  what the ecb does is , buying greece bonds with a loan for greece with a much longer period and less interest than the actual loan of greece was . 
  with this new loan the greece can bay back a loan with higher interest like from private bank . 
  at the end it is just buying time . 
  national central banks still exist . 
  the gold standard is long gone i ` am talking about our current monetary system , the laws of this system are written down in the `` modern money mechanics '' . 
  money always and only was and is created out of credits in our monetary system that is in place right now . 
  i ` am not talking about a system that is gone . 
  sorry if this was not noticeable in my privies comment . 
  edit : link of current money standard called fiat money : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiat_money edit : video that explain the monetary system today very well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-g0okhz2z8, 
  ok got it : http://www.investopedia.com/articles/economics/11/successful-ways-government-reduces-debt.asp `` sweden was close to financial ruin by 1994 . 
  by the late 90s the country had a balanced budget through a combination of spending cuts and tax increases . '', 
  this solution is combination from spending cuts and take money from the `` rich '' . 
  yes this is a solution for cutting debt of a country but only if the people and/or company 's are willing to spend more from there own money . 
  this means taking money from the rich and give it to the `` poor '' .
