  yea strange times, 
  ask the dutch all there fault , but can we just say germany second ya ? 
  nice , enjoyed it , thanks, 
   what kind of circus are you running over there you gave the answer yourself ... circus . 
  to be honest do n't believe that many germans are happy with this kind of behavior , but most of us are pussies and do n't eve care anymore about what it means to have a privacy or being an independent country . 
  i know many people that do n't care at politics and everything around it at all . 
  even if you talk with people about privacy , many just tell you `` i have nothing to hide '' and try even to spin it , like because u are asking this kind of privacy question if you had anything to hide . 
  it 's sometimes hard to tell with text only , have a nice day . 
  what strikes me most about it is not that the us or germany has an intelligence agency not at all . 
  what i find really problematic is that almost nothing happened after this kind indecent . 
  no regrets as far as i know or personal consequences . 
  if it comes to stuff like this some time i think as a german we are some kind us colony or protectorate . 
  even that the us and i still believe this to some extent is mostly a friend of germany and there people . 
  i am just kind of disappointed that the us had to do it like that way . 
  ok , so you would argue that all of this is a preparation for war in germany like the `` schlieffen plan '' was ? 
  i assume here for a moment that you do n't have problems with foreigners or refugees in general just with the amount of it and how the `` crisis '' where managed ? 
  oh man do n't start on that one , i still do n't believe why this whole nsa scandal we had in germany did not have more consequences . 
  i think it 's because we are to reliant on us intelligence but even than , it is kind of a shame in my point of view . 
  wow interesting view , and this from one of our closest neighbors geographically . 
  so you would argue better rely on the us to defend the eu or europe to prevent germany becoming even more influential in europe ? 
  could you go further to tell me what in your point of view the problem is with a more powerful germany . 
  ( honest question ), 
  ok got you point and sounds good to me . 
  we than only need to make sure that the other nato members do n't be somehow disappointed if this eu army is only 1.5 % of gdp and not this 2 % aim . 
  hi , because of what you mention with the % in what to invest this huge amount of money if we do n't maintain nuke or naval or what so ever in comparison to other countries . 
  what do you think about , if we would have an eu army , and wihtin this eu army we boost our spending to 2 % by dong direct spending in other eu armies . 
  example 1.5 % spending for a german `` based '' army and the rest of the 0.5 % to raise the armies in other smaller countries . 
  with this we would achieve to have the same military defense capabilities like france and britain in terms of money and there for no one need to be afraid of each other . 
  also smaller countries could be better integrated in an eu army . 
  do n't ask me how to do it exactly , its just an idea in my mind who i like you thoughts on . 
  sounds good to me . 
  i would also like if we would come closer to 2 % of gdp for defense spending but i am not sure if the rest of europe especial france and britain would be ok with . 
  germany would have the biggest military budged in europe if we come close to 2 % of gdp if i am not mistaken . 
  hi , can you show me a poll that backs your statement please ? 
  if not than please change `` we '' to `` i '' . 
  first of all , is n't she looking hot as hell in her red jacked , dam this womans style is out of this world . 
  second , why is there no eu flag to see , did i miss something ? 
  graf lambsdorff is vice-president of the european parliament ? 
  holy shit, 
  this area , with the bridge , water , and this big fat road looks awesome . 
  short answer , if the eu needs a weak uk to survive than something goes completely wrong . 
  if this eu can not survive a `` brexit '' than the `` brexit '' was most likely the smallest problem the eu had . 
  ah ok it was never implemented , so no company has to change there trade over night . 
  thanks, 
  so what does this mean for tpp , is this now gone or up for review ? 
  sounds crazy to give one person this much power in a democracy . 
  edit : thanks for the inside . 
  i watched cnn the whole day long and have seen what he did today . 
  i would like to know from an american if he actual can do all this by his own and dont need the congress or the senate at all ? 
  sounds a bit hysteric to me after three days in office , but i also dont have to deal with him . 
  yea it is election time soon , let the show beginn . 
   hope this helps . 
  yup it does , thank you . 
  actualy what worries me more is how easy is has become for money ( rich people ) and companies to outplay the societies they build there power or money on . 
  generations of europeans fought and lost there lives to ensure that powerfull and rich people and companies give somethink back to the sociesty they build up on . 
  if the profit of our economies is not shared anymore true the whole society than there will be no society left , where you can sell stuff to . 
  hi , you know i am not concerned about that the uk does somehow managed to get there iland moving to some where else in the world . 
  what i am concerned about a bit is , that because of economic trouble in our countries or for other political reasons we just ignore or leave or undo treaties or institutions we made or be part of who ensured a peacefull life for many generations of europeans by now ? 
  wow sorry for this sentence , i dont know how to write it better in english or sentence . 
  i agree , but also the people of the eu have to be ready for such a move . 
  if the people are not ready for such a move , you will blow up the eu from within . 
   thing is , are you ready for full fiscal union with a strong federal government ? 
  because that 's what it will take . 
  what i think about this is , that maybe we are not ready for it at this point in time , but you know you have to dream about the future first bevore it can become reality at some point . 
  same goes for visiting the mars by people , maybe we are not ready now , but still we should dream about it to become reallity in the future maybe . 
  what i find kind of sad , that by all the time the uk was part of this eu , that many people of the uk today still see the eu just as a trading bloc instead of somethink more than that . 
  do n't get me wrong i dont blame the uk people for that . 
  i just feel slightly sad that you still see us as some sort of trading partner only , instead of some sort of a european family . 
  i know this sound romantic and idealistic and maybe naiv and what not , but still i think that we are connected by more than just trade and treaties or at least it should be in my opinion . 
  that 's how the eu was sold to the uk people to join eu . 
  but for the german people as an example , the eu was sold by the idear that if we do deeper coperation and trade important strategic goods with each other instead of fighting over this goods , we will ensure a peacefull europe . 
  there for i think that the idear what the eu should be or should be in the future are diffentrent for us . 
  there are many reasons for this . 
  some are because of the produvtivnes of our companies and labour and the market power of big german companies . 
  one part also is that the german labor cost ( salary ) compared to other eu or european countries are bit to low i would say , wich lead to a bit low purchasing power of the germans in the eu with the same currency . 
  wow belguim is a real power house for there size . 
  lol, 
   that 's so awesome . 
  germany alone could probably 1v1 russia sorry to disapoint you , but this capability is gone couple years ago :-), 
  i would like to know , where the security gain is for spending 2 % or more of our gdp , if we are not allowed to have nuclear arms . 
  every possible threat to germany or the eu is by countries that holds nuclear weapons as far as i know . 
  why is there no blood to see after the shooting ? 
  maybe some people with healtcare or military backround can give me some inside ? 
  nice , we have enough people taken all the shit way to serios all over the place . 
  keep going finland, 
  black soil !!!, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chernozem ukraine is one of the countries with the most and best soil in the world to produce food . 
  if the eu can get there hands on that , many many eu companies would be extremely happy i guess . 
  i do n't like it , not at all . 
  i do n't like how boris is behaving and i also do n't like that the eu is now united against another eu country . 
  do we really have nothing better to do in this world . 
  why do we have to do this ? 
  why do we have to build an exclusive eu and not an inclusive one . 
  why does the eu has to be shaped the same for everyone , we all now that our countries have different kind of way 's to do thinks in this world and so should a construct like to eu admire this difference . 
  but this is just my opinion , have a nice day . 
  edit : thanks for all the answers and opinions , was nice to read . 
  i do n't like where all this eu and uk stuff has brought us so far . 
  now it is actually kind of cool to wish anther european country kind of bad luck for there future . 
  we saw this crap already , how some parts of western society reacted how to deal with the greek crises and now with the uk . 
  i am not happy that so many people of the uk voted to leave the eu , but in what time of history of europe it was actually good to wish and be happy that a other european country get destabilized .
