  edit : grammar thanks for info, 
  if you write it like that i absolutely agree with you . 
  i also think that beside the fact you mention the fact of missing transparency is a huge problem . 
  with more transparency it would not so easy for our governments to talk about something in media and behind close doors the decision making was completely different from what the talked about in the media . 
  wow , i am really disappointed by the german writer but the writing from the netherlands was very nice . 
  at least he gets something ( beer ) from germany over its head that is the best of all in the world . 
  oh , i think for the uk there will be economic problems in the short term , maybe because of the size of the uk for all of europe too . 
  i ` am working close with two non german people mention before and the job situation in germany is no problem at all for them . 
  way more complicated for them is to get use to the german way of living and social behavior . 
  i will not go into much detail of it , but if you considering to work and live in germany , just watch some youtube videos where americans who live in germany describing the german behavior from a more american point of view . 
  splitting up from the uk , as far as i know the main marked for scottish products , would at least in short term lead to extreme economic problems ? 
  -- `` i think you oversimplify by thinking council of eu decision making are the same as of a democratic nation state . '', 
  absolutely yes , i oversimplify , but my main point is not how the decision making process is done in every detail , my argument is just that germany can not impose eu laws on other nation by germany alone , germany also need support for everything they want to push forward because we do not have a 51 % voting power by our own . 
  would you argue that germany can impose eu laws just by them self ? 
  i heard about that referendum about scots leaving the uk . 
  was this kind of referendum not already done in the past and more scotish people voted for stay within the uk . 
  you think this could change if the uk is no longer a part of the eu ? 
  it depends , in biger city 's and in more technical companies it is much much easier to get a job and you do n't even have to speak german at all . 
  i work in a company with 100 + employ\u00e9s , in my department ( 11 ) alone , is one employe from spain and one from france , not speaking any german at all . 
  every meeting and documentation stuff like this was completely in english only . 
  it is an it company . 
  -- `` which means the need to find consensus is very high . 
  this means it takes very long and it is very hard to make important decisions . '', 
  i agree , but this is also the case in every single democratic nation , getting a consensus in democratic country 's is a hard think to do and most of the time it is a compromise . 
  in our democracies today the largest party got the say . 
  or many smaller party bind together to make the rules . 
  same goes for the eu . 
  and just because for germany it is easier to get 51 % of vote with less partners in the council as for a smaller nation that has to find way more partners than we have to do . 
  but germany alone is not and it also should not be able to impose laws or regulation by its own . 
  the good think for smaller nation is that nobody mention them if a decision is made if germany is also involved and you do n't like the law , it is every time germany that did this `` bad '' law . 
  if this kind of blaming goes on like this , at the end we will see that every other nation will be mad against germany again and will blaming us for destroying europe , beside the fact we could not decide any eu law only by our own . 
  as an example , the greek crisis , the greek almost only blame germany , if they blame other nations at all . 
  but the fact is that not only germany imposed the osterity on greece because we do n't have the voting power at all . 
  but if it comes to the blame the other nation that liked and vote for the same idea germany voted for get very quite if it comes to the consequences . 
  this is the case in the whole world , if the usa decide somethink that affects the whole world we also cant do anything about it . 
  and at the other hand as far as i know in the european council every state as 1 voice what in it self is undemocratic , because belgium has the same power in terms of voting power like germany with much much more people . 
  in terms of politic power , of curse germany has more than belgium for example but that not a somethink special to the eu alone . 
  of curse we did all the evil thinks o please somethink stupid like this is not even worth my time . 
  you mean such stupid thinks like taking a million refugees that otherwise would be in greece or somewhere else in easterneurope and destablazing there country 's ? 
  you mean this kind of stupid thinks yes ? 
  it was not the german idee to destabalize the whole neareast and set so many people on the way to europe . 
  tell me please what other option we had at this point just letting the greece going further in trouble with a million refuges in there country ? 
  what other stupid think you refer too ? 
  blaming other to do stupid thinks is the easiest erveryone can do . 
  edit : i can understand you point but at the same time nobody looks at your country to find solutions for stuff than can only be solved by all european countrys . 
  i have no fucking clue . 
  i would hope it is a bong just for fun . 
  more and more germans do n't like the idea anymore for ever closer union if the outcome of it is , to get blamed for everything . 
  some people also argue it was a huge fail dream and hope that we could achieve a more equality in terms wealth in europe . 
  this might be never the reason for the top 1 % of germans to support a closer union , but for the normal people it was and still is today to some extand . 
  thank you very much , i could not get anything meaningful from the picture alone . 
  that 's the problem , we do not play by the rules . 
  if other eu countrys have to pay for other eu countrys to protect them self for getting unstable you get interest conflicts . 
  the no bail out law is necessary if you do n't share a deeper integration of fiscal union or you have to sop the currency union at all . 
  in history , if a european country got in trouble they devaluate there currency and this alone could prevent problems for other close trading eu country 's without the need to intervene political . 
  nice work norway , we will try to catch up at some point but you running in the future really fast . 
  at this point , after watching many british tv debates on youtube . 
  i have to say i would like to see the british in the eu , but i would also say that the british will become more connected to mainland europe if they leave and do n't feel that they are overruled by outside forces , like brussels law making and so on . 
  of curse if britain leave the eu , many other eu members will be kind of pissed , but i think they should maybe rethink the whole idea of how democratic decision making works . 
  i just hope it will not be extremely chaotic if the uk decided to leave . 
  like financial markets getting disrupted or the politician play the blame card to extrem , at the end , we all want a save and stable live for us and our children . 
  thanks for your honest answer , it feels kind of sad to me , after all the time we are still to some extend disconnected . 
  i would argue this is also true for some german people , at least for the kind of people who do n't care much about other people at all . 
  only one point i would highly disagree is the fact that australia share more culture with britain than the rest of europe . 
  i would argue that it is easier for britain to connect to australians because of langue and attitude . 
  on the other hand i would agree that the continental europe and britain did not worked hard enough to build a stronger emotional connection beside institutions . 
  as for the german side of this argument , i could say we are not the easiest people to build emotional connect to . 
  looks like the turkish newspaper want the germans become more like them and go back to fashism . 
  -- ' i think most people see themselves as closer to australians than anyone in europe . ', 
  this is interesting could you try to explain in our opinion why this is the case ? 
  i would argue that the uk and the rest of europe share at least all of its history . 
  hi , i have been following the `` brexit '' debate on german newspapers and english debates on the british television with the help of youtube . 
  some debates i watched so far are : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uytjgbbjkgo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jntnviosmw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6d-ovgccwg and some more . 
  i would like to get some information from british people about two points , i cant find in this debates . 
  first , why is the debate so centered about the financial and democratic point of view and not also about the view that the eu is to some kind also a political project and why the uk do n't want to be a part of that ? 
  of curse finance ( jobs ) and democratic are extremely important topics , but why is there no social political debate about europe in the uk , if i can phrase it like that . 
  second question i would like to ask , if i see this correct , the uk was joining the eu mostly because of financial and free market ( trading ) reasons in the first place . 
  was there at anytime a more romantic view on the eu than just trade and finance ? 
  thank you very much, 
  like russia is doing it with ukraine and crimea you mean ? 
  respect !!, 
  than i am hopeful too , thanks for your answer . 
  are you aware of any plans from italy or the eurozone how to tackle this dept `` problem '' ? 
  good to hear , it would be really sad if italy would go `` bust '' . 
  so far not a bad article but there are some conclusions who i found a bit overshooting . 
  first , the article does not show a prediction how the wealth distribution would look like without the eu and still having to deal with globalization . 
  just comparing 1991 with 2015 in this way i think is misleading a bit . 
  second , if you look at east germany where there is money transfer between german states , still today workers in east germany getting ~ 30 % less wage than there western counterparts . 
  also i do n't think that many of the eu members are willing to make the steps which are needed in terms to become a fiscal transfer union to transfer more money between member states . 
  i would also like to know why italy has lost this much wealth during the last 20 years , if any italian could give some thoughts . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i hope we get some nukes too if we spend 2 % . 
  a big german military is exactly what the world needs today . 
  some aircraft carriers would be nice too and of course some stealth bombers , to carry this nice nukes where they are needed in this troubling times . 
  it so nice that we finally can build a big army again . 
  thats crazy maybe we should build a union with them ... 
  so no chance for germany becoming a us state in the near future ? 
  california then ... sounds good to me , let the sun shine \\ o /, 
  this is kind of logic , if you leave a single market , why should you still be the financial center of that market . 
  haha , ups thanks for pointing that out .
