just let me enjoy my spy-ness okay ? 
  greece is one of those bro-tier countries for me . 
  has always been since i was conceived and raised by two greekboos . 
  when i was a child and my family was a bit better off we went at least several times , sadly i only have very vague memories . 
  this september i will be fixing this  edit : changed `` for some reason '' to reason i in retrospect understand quite well, 
  we need 36 more metal bands per ~ ~ capita ~ ~ 1 million people . 
  [ murder turns the sky to rust , children 's faces crumble to dust . 
  tyrants wax and tyrants wane , the tree bends but still remains ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo8j43trxpw ), 
  now , yeah , seventy years back they would have shot you in pretty much any army . 
  lack of manpower was not one of russian concerns , i 'm certain no politruk would have minded leaving such a noble corpse in their wake . 
  hard to know how many did make that call , they are probably most still in unmarked graves . 
  sure , had no intention of doubting your character . 
  all i 'm saying is military training in and on itself gives no-one credibility to say things like they would have overthrown the ussr and so forth . 
  you do n't ** really ** know that before actually being there . 
  me as well , so what ? 
  you 're yet to be a hero mate . 
  it 's such an unfortunate thing , do n't you think , that every time something bad happens they guys who will comment that they would have charged the gunman and wrestle him down , sacrifice their life for greater good etc etc , are never there . 
  god knows world would need them . 
  let 's just hope this history never repeats . 
  it 's fucking amazing , thank you !, 
  ~ ~ though you wrote smg two times ~ ~, 
  do n't trust him , he 's a finn !, 
  i 've personally had to confiscate beers from germans in a park that had an event in it and explain to them that they are considered alcohol here . 
  it broke my heart , man . 
  you hungarians sure know how to tell a heartrending lovestory . 
  i just had my first `` holy shit that was a decade ago and it feels like yesterday '' - moments . 
  i feel weird . 
  unless you wash it down with pigfat , sure, 
  anyone down there looking to adopt an unemployed manchild with no special skills and 99 problems , none of them being a woman ? 
  cause you know as it happens , i know a guy who knows a guy who is just like that , and he could definitely see himself spending rest of his nights nursing a wine cup in corner of a small alley and looking at the sea . 
  any takers ? 
  your father is mocked among his peers and your mother smells of elderberries . 
  tissidents shhal bii \u00f6limineitted immididli . 
  resistans is fjuutail . 
  i know !, 
  and all the possibilities for study and self improvement . 
  since he is likely too fucked in the head to feel the weight of 77 dead kids with his every step , not bad . 
  and yet he claims inhumane treatment , and constantly complains . 
  the idea behind that is good , to be a rehabilitative facility instead of a punitive one . 
  but surely there could be a middle ground to be found for a guy like this . 
  clueless agencies are probably as global phenomenon as broken english , lad, 
  haha , if not i 'm sure they will get him one soon before he sues them . 
  guy has full upkeep and warcraft iii iirc , that 's the life of a happy 12-year old . 
  pedestal for a heavy machinegun . 
  yeah , it was actually really looked down on at the time of it 's release . 
  certain people did n't like that it showed soldiers as humans they were - unruly , folksy , having dreams and aspirations other than laying down their lives for having border at the urals , and some even with communist beliefs . 
  umm , i do think they speak danish there . 
  sorry then , i automatically interpreted it as sarcasm . 
  internet does that for you . 
  the story is about continuation war , which is not as good pr as the winter war . 
  not to say there were n't atrocities committed , at times by us as well . 
  where is your appreciation for low quality humor made in ms paint ? 
  i 'm beginning to doubt your citizenship , * ivan * . 
  well it was unscientific of me to kinda draw a line between osteoporosis and milk drinking - i do n't know the first thing about this subject . 
  but you put it very well . 
  [ a helpful chart for you , my friend ] ( https://static.naamapalmu.com/files/vh/big/7dzjkwy7.png ) you thought he was up at nights , in reality he was traversing the astral planes . 
  well we are conditioned to be ashamed of ourselves , and view letting go and putting ourselves out there with great suspicion . 
  so we stick to what we know , patsastelu until you are drunk enough to manage a few musical bounces while thinking about left-over kebab in the fridge . 
  good times all around . 
  this one i 'm not proud of , milk is really not a health-drink . 
  and we were told since kindergarten that everyone should drink a minimum of three glasses per day for those strong bones . 
  meanwhile now we are in top 10 of osteoporosis in the world . 
  not saying it 's caused by this , but at the very least the milk is not doing it 's job . 
  but still , win is a win eh ? 
  during last 48 hours : i played a russian video game , drank booze brought from estonia , got my hair cut by a turkish guy , read book by a hungarian , drunk a belgian beer , smoked hashis presumably from spanish anal cavity all the while being fenno-swedish . 
  feels pretty pan-european , mayne, 
  looks unbelievably comfy . 
  funny thing , mesta is a slang word for a place in finnish . 
  so you could say that mesta is a beautiful mesta . 
  exactly !, 
  there is difference between a battle and a total war . 
  i 'm sure you know this , i just wish to remind you . 
  what distinctions in wording are , in your opinion , important to make in this case ? 
  as i 've understood it the government is now legally able to act against unidentified troops such as putin 's green men, 
  check out the [ magnetic-hypnotic gaze ] ( https://mesikammen.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/pekkakatse.jpg ) of finland 's most famous nazi occultist . 
  bring it on greek grandmothers , i 've been trying with beer and kebab for years but i 'm still in gulag detainee-mode . 
  so all of the grandmothers in exchange for some hot finnish girls and comfortable weather seems like a splendid trade deal . 
  i think we have reached an agreement my friend . 
  the republic of finland is willing to trade our pleasantly cool air in exchange for all of the ouzo and several greek grandmothers with fully equipped kitchens . 
  this is the long hidden truth airplane-companies do n't want you to know !, 
  i for one will set course to america once i collect enough money for a luftmatratzen . 
  but with recreational use . 
  i mean , all those people without chronic diseases are going to smoke anyway - why leave the money in people 's hands you already pay social security for ? 
  yeah , i wish we 'd mature enough as a society to face the fact that prohibition only benefits black market . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait for sweden to do it first . 
  especially the food !, 
  :d i 'd be overweight in no time . 
  over here we have an autonomous church under patriarchate of constantinople , so i guess we 've managed to dodge that aspect a bit . 
  you 'll have to be more specific . 
  as i 've understood it , the orthodoxy has self-headed patriarchates rather than one centered leader . 
  i did n't quite grasp the link between many churches and it having only to do with close links to nationalism , which , as i 've understood is mainly a problem in moscow patriarchate . 
  that guy in the background in the middle looks like he ca n't wait to get home, 
  i for one am quite happy with the tuberculosis-bear, 
  thanks for comprehensive answer !, 
  our systems sound very similar then , because most of what you said applies to my country as well . 
  and we should definitely make at least civil service mandatory for women as well , equal rights and equal responsibilities and so forth . 
  but your way of paying a tax instead of service , i wish they did this here as well . 
  if you refuse to do any service here they put you in house arrest - and we do n't even have shortage of people willing to go to army . 
  i guess that 's why thought of giving everyone their rifles home seems weird to us - hence the question . 
  that 's cool , i did n't know that .
