  how selective is your conscription ? 
  probably not , state owns those . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yltuky9fv9y ), 
  someone should notify alex jones about this , i 'll bet 5 euros and my mom 's wedding ring that he might just be covering international gay conspiracy infiltrating germany in few weeks when he 's had time to connect these obvious dots together, 
  that 's honestly not an achievement in the mediterranean, 
  since you seem like a connoisseur and i 'm day-drunk , here 's a very liberal translation of the article . 
  lieutenant weenerleg is the main character in the wild legends told by young conscripts . 
  he has the knowledge of every branch of the military , yet he mostly focuses on taking tattoos , rolling cigarettes , mowing over privates and cruising with leopard-tank . 
  weenerleg often forces condom-pena and make to rebuild the barracks after having wrecked it in his rage . 
  protip : if you wish to do this meme right , keep in mind that : - all caps - condom-pena and make must be included - well , you know how to tell army-stories . 
  5 km run becomes a 50 kilometer forced march with full battle gear . 
  in the end weenerleg drives over everything with an armored vehicle . 
  never thought this shite had spread to reddit too . 
  why do n't you go and enjoy some wholesome finnish memes instead , like [ lieutenant weenerleg ? 
  seconded , pretty much everything by the guy is gold . 
  you can also listen to his stuff [ here ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com/hardcore-history-series/ ) , maybe even preferable to youtube . 
  check out early days of christian reformation my dude . 
  lots of proto-communists with pitchforks looking to redistribute the wealth and salvation, 
  [ why contain it ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4qs_quxq6i ), 
  we do n't discriminate when it comes to alcohol , kamarade . 
  be all you can be , man . 
  border-guys might be a little upset if you go overboard with quantities though, 
  i do n't think towns were meant to last sieges , you just could n't very well let the castle unsieged if you were an attacker . 
  are n't there something of protests and troubles in the rif regions now ? 
  a moroccan i know has showed me videos of clashes and demonstrations for few months now and claims it 'll be a revolution , but he is very prone to getting excited and following his own , ehm , intuitions as facts so i do n't know, 
   guaranteed by rossiya we do n't want to fight , but by jingo if we do ... 
  cheers for clearing that up for me , old chap, 
  i. . . do n't think that 's a concern for the firefighters, 
  same here . 
  childhood would have been much duller without a forest starting in our backyard, 
  but is n't building a railway station sort of like calling dibs ? 
  would n't want to mess with that . 
  count brits twice or something , i think that 's how they do it, 
  certainly . 
  [ pictured : 71 % of my country ] ( http://forestcluster.fi/wp-content/uploads/sites/875/2016/06/suomi-on-euroopan-mets%c3%a4isin-maa-22.jpg ), 
  let 's not be too liberal with `` rest of europe '', 
  god forbid i 'd have as much audience as that guy, 
  that 's an understandable viewpoint , one i somewhat identify ( :p ) with . 
  while i do identify with several things of that nature , i 've learned to listen and try to understand instead of arguing based on that gut-feeling that this guy thinks about this and that differently , and thus threatens the validity of my views . 
  which it does n't . 
  and i attempt to keep my views fluid and not carved in stone . 
  ah , yes . 
  that i can symphatize with . 
  quote made me understand it in a way that we should not identify with anything at all . 
  i do n't have that many friends , and however alien someone 's views are i do n't let them distance me from the person behind them , especially if it 's a good and warm person . 
  and by this point i could n't do without all that harira and couscous :d, 
  it 's not separation to be different from someone , it 's not violence to disagree . 
  my best friend is a muslim who believes the world is flat - needless to say we have our differences . 
  does it make me like him less ? 
  nope , it 's very interesting to hear talk from a vastly different perspective, 
  does the guy know anything ? 
  do you have an opening for a drunk and lonely guy operating the lights and looking at the sea , eventually hanging himself ? 
  i can bring my own rope, 
  you would not believe the tensions . 
  the overly-aggressive swedes are rattling their sabers , forming reindeer-cavarlymen in northern border-regions to destructive shocktroops ready to destroy russian minorities and innocent norwegians , who are quietly sowing flags of russian tricolours and preparing to wage hopeless guerilla warfare against the imperialistic oppressors until the green , unidentified saviours slash concerned private citizens arrive, 
  at least you have a ray gun . 
  a true bulwark of christian values, 
  right , so latvians are behind it all !, 
  now i see what you meant by that , sorry mate . 
  no reason to think so much into a silly joke, 
  business as usual , finnish working class will come to your country and redistribute the booze, 
  seconded . 
  riverside is nice enough alright but every city is pretty nice in summer . 
  there is much more to see and do elsewhere . 
  i heard of a german couple who happened to visit here by accident during the jazz festivals , thought it was business as usual and recommended pori to many of their friends . 
  lots of shitty holidays ensued . 
  sure they enforce it physically , but you ca n't expect them to take unnecessary risks . 
  important rule is to never take out an accessory you are not going to use , first to intimidate and to back you up , then to use . 
  of course i do n't know how the officer 's weapon got taken , but that 's one thing to consider . 
  various situations do require variety of tools , and with proper training authority to use lethal force is good for civilians and work safety . 
  of course not the first nor preferred method . 
  haha , i like the way you think . 
  christ , now i see where you are coming from . 
  i was a lowly security guard and we train for 80 hours . 
   who said anything about using fists ? 
  tazors , batons , or even feet ( kicks ) are a far better option . 
  batons not so much , on tazors however i agree in some cases . 
  would have definitely been better in this case . 
  but it still is not enough . 
  but if a hulking junkie charges you with an axe , do you really go for the tazor ? 
  i stress that people come to work as law enforcers and not gladiators . 
  edit : clarity , botched citations, 
  well that would indeed be ideal if it ever could be reached . 
  but i would stress that a training situation is vastly different from real world situation . 
  in order to perform under stress you have to have thousands , thousands and thousands of repeats under your belt , and even then some people react to stressful situations differently . 
  and how to enforce the enforcers to not use deadly force in life and death-situations ? 
  i 'm not arguing , mind you , since we are talking in theory , but it does present a lot of problems in my opinion . 
  we train our cops for three years , and even that is not enough to reach a standard where a police officer would win 99 % of knife-fights with his fists . 
  and we have a pretty calm country with not a lot of people . 
  yes of course the first steps are to talk and attempt to resolve the situation , but they can not neglect their work safety at the same time . 
  these situations are volatile and unpredictable , and this went awry . 
  i agree that cops everywhere would not be harmed by more training , expecially social ones , but you really ca n't expect people in that paygrade to not prepare for the worst when their assailant could reach and skewer them in about a second . 
  i am no pro , but i used to work in security , and we did go through these control moves etc , but real thing always turned more like a brawl with these moves as something of guidelines . 
  they are definitely helpful , but i found best way to deal with your customers is , surprise surprise , treating them as humans . 
  edit : and those self defence knife disarming moves are like a last resort that works 0,005 % of time ( source : my ass ), 
  true , which i think is why they are planning on closing the mediterranean migrant route . 
  i believe australia does a similar thing , and people are n't drowning in their shores . 
  but , it 's an immensely complicated subject and i probably do n't know half enough to have a comprehensive stance on it . 
  just my two cents , i guess .
