  we joked along the way that the farmers there were into stone farming , because it was so dry compared to what we are use to . 
  that said , i just saw parts of the country , which definitely biased my view . 
  true , here in france , we eat quite a lot of fruits from spain : ), 
  just be yourself , do n't try hard to be somebody else that is not you , 
  i do n't think there is a common cause to explain the situation of spain , portugal , italy . 
  * italy is practically cut in two , north and south . 
  the north alone is a powerhouse on par with germany . 
  the south is lagging behind a lot , giving a not very shiny average for italy . 
  the south have far less industry , it seems it got serious social issues like organized crime , etc. 
  * spain and portugal were under dictators until the late 70 's , which made them lag behind . 
  * portugal have been crippled by long , painful colonial wars . 
  * both spain and portugal got very rich bringing back a lot of precious metal from america , centuries ago . 
  but eventually , that contributed to tanking their economies for centuries ... * both spain and portugal do n't have that much land to grow stuffs , compare to say , france or germany . 
  we had very detailed classes on the slave trade , making it very clear it was cynical for-profit exploitation . 
  colonialism was pictured as predatory exploitation . 
  since we are going full pedantic ... yeah , the heat of the food itself is not what that makes you sweat a lot when you eat a large , rich meal . 
  it 's the digestion effort that follows . 
  if you eat a big fat cassoulet or a hefty bowl of rice in the heat of the summer , you are likely to feel drowsy and sweat more than the guy who just ordered the puny little salad . 
  digesting a cassoulet is not the same effort than digesting a salad . 
  the gun culture . 
  for most people in europe it 's just wtf . 
  so , you would eat a good old cassoulet at noon , during a hot summer day ? 
  and you would have a fine time digesting that ? 
  you do n't think that the two dishes will have a rather different effect on you sweat output ? 
  it 's considered common sense knowledge here ( i know , not a proof ) . 
  it 's more like avoiding getting even warmer . 
  say , eating a steaming hot bowl of rice vs. a nice little salad at noon during a typical medittarean summer . 
  digestion tends to heat you up no matter what , but you can somewhat fight it by eating less and eating cold . 
  no aircon , because it 's energy hungry , not very healthy , there 's 2 months only which are really hot , and people just man-up . 
  eat less for lunch , eat something cold like a salad , do a nap . 
  take you showers cold . 
  also sweating is natural , it 's your body cooling down , it 's a feature , not a bug . 
  in the morning , open all the windows to refresh the home , and close everything until the evening to keep the house cool . 
  the later trick is simple , but it makes a huge difference . 
  * france and germany have very mild climates , the unbearably hot days are very few . 
  30c celsius outdoor is considered bearable for a few days . 
  25c is considered fine , over the unnatural feel of ac air . 
  also , most people grew up without ac anyway . 
  energy hungry ... * always neatly trimmed parks are more expensive than those where you let the nature doing its thing . 
  it is a trend now , saves taxes money , looks fine , and a bit less pollution . 
  where i live , parks managed that way proudly display it on panels !, 
  * for what i saw in the usa , we have a very different approach to food . 
  food being a problem to solve vs. a precious time to enjoy . 
  * being focused on being nice is not really a french thing , people might feel it 's forced ... 
  but that attitude is pushed a bit far : / i understood that only after traveling abroad . 
  * `` distributeur de billets '' * , which translates into * `` bank notes dispenser '' * . 
  if you 're an experienced engineer in a tech . 
  sector , you have good chances to land a job . 
  manufacture have been delocalized , or is highly automated . 
  we need people to run those automated processes , or better , design things to build . 
  it will be competitive , as quite a few engineers are churned out of the schools in europe . 
  my 2 weeks old son had his 5am meal , and i wait for him to fall asleep . 
  he is on my belly , his back is an ok support for the ipad . 
  at least in france , if you are asian and do n't dress like an asian tourist , people will assume you 're french and talk to you in french . 
  if you look like a tourist and go in a luxury shop , they will be super nice . 
  nah , there are those beers for homeless punks with dogs , they are cheaper per volume of alcohol . 
  it 's above the beers that bums buy to hammer themselves , but not much higher than that either . 
  i 'm ok with heineken , but i find it bland in comparison to the other beers i can buy easily . 
  i 've been to vietnam , cambodia and laos , but mostly vietnam , spent several years there . 
  * lots of vietnamese people suffered horribly to build roads , railways , gather rubber , mine coal etc. 
  for almost nothing , while it made a few french very rich . 
  * after the wwii , french politicians completely misunderstood that vietnam and co. could not be colonies anymore . 
  a peaceful transition could happen . 
  nope , send the army to win an unwinnable fight while france itself was still recuperating from wwii . 
  waste 50 years for the people over there . 
  * they have good bread and good coffee now . 
  having some very good friends in vietnam , i feel so sad for the missed opportunities and the huge pain that could have been avoided . 
  by now , vietnam could have been a country on par with south korea . 
  they are getting there . 
  where ? 
  a bunch of celts tribes live in the forest , being celts : growing wheat , taking care of cattle , being drunk and punching each other in the face . 
  it 's called gaul , which sounds like * erection * in french . 
  cesar and his dudes comes , for glory and money . 
  apparently , back then , wine was roughly the equivalent of petrol now , and gaul was like the middle east nowadays . 
  cesar use one celt tribe against an other , quick some asses , and little by little , the whole gaul became a bunch of roman provinces . 
  life is as fine as it used to be , but with less punching in the faces . 
  but still plenty of drinking , and way better roads . 
  centuries pass . 
  romans are not what they used to be , and germanic tribes are pushing through the borders on the east . 
  they are themselves pushed by the real life equivalent of orcs and goblins : asian nomads . 
  after some faffing around , the roman crumbles , the germanic tribes are roaming and pillaging the empire like there 's no tomorrow . 
  eventually , pillaging your way around is not really sustainable anymore , so those germanic tribes settle down and mingle with the locals . 
  they adopt some of the local ways ( being christian , a bit of latin ) and keep some of their ways ( their laws ) . 
  frankish tribes ( a subset of the germanic tribes ) are sitting in what is going to be western europe . 
  this frankish/roman/celt mess kind of unify under a king : the merovingian dynasty , reigning over francia . 
  they stop muslin invasions , smash local rebellions that pop up here and there ... francia became france , germany and some more european nations after much dynasties , intrigue and bloodshed . 
  less centralized , france would become more like a federal state : a federation of provinces sharing a common french identity . 
  many european frontiers would fad-off , europe would be more like a federation of regions than an union of states . 
  it 's more a hope than a prediction : europe would move forward to political union , and less of the technocratic thing it is now . 
  english was de-facto mandatory when i reached 11 years old , i believe it 's earlier now . 
  teaching methods are not very good imho , we are not made to talk and generally enjoy english ( i love english for the culture that goes with it , even things like youtube videos , memes , shows like rick & morty , blackadder , etc. ) . 
  we learn how to build sentences , the tenses , the various grammatical constructions , etc. . . france is pretty much an all-french environment , so for most kids , english is a purely school thing , not something they would use at home , and would not hear on the media . 
  so french tends to suck at english . 
  the distance between the germanic-like english and romance-like french does not help , i guess . 
  we start to learn a 2nd foreign language around 13 years old , usually spanish or german . 
  same as above but 10x worse because most kids are not very motivated and there are less hours of class devoted to it . 
  it ends up being a waste of time for the teachers and the students . 
  cheese . 
  * visit fablabs and experience that kind of culture . 
  we have this in europe , but i somehow expect different things in usa * visit some of the wilderness like in utah , arizona , montana * oregon , because their way resonate with me , i kinda idealize the place * texas , for the entertainment value * going to the burning man , slab city and places with that kind of vibe , sounds like a cool experience to have * i 've been to boston once , i liked it , so i want to enjoy it again,
