  tiny , pickled cucumbers , we use them in some salads recipes too , like potatoes , onion , egg & tuna salad . 
  in alsace , they have * choucroute * , pickled cabbage . 
  are you worried of road traffic accident when you go out ? 
  then terrorism is a non issue . 
  road traffic is far , far more likely to kill you . 
  have a good time . 
  having a glass of wine only occupy one hand . 
  i 'm tempted by finland sometime . 
  the long winter scares me , but i like the way they do things . 
  errr , forgot the negation , meant  the definition `` safe , stable & rational '' should ** not ** be fixed in stone  one need only look to the fact that both capitalists and communists co-exist in the same society . 
  one 's idea of economic rationality is diametrically opposed to the other 's . 
  how to resolve this ? 
  there 's no way to make both sides completely satisfied . 
  we can reach a compromise , assuming both side can accept one . 
  we use majority poll , which will let some unhappy . 
  if one side is not happy , it can try to defend its point of view to win at the next poll , or adapt to the situation if it winning seems unrealistic . 
  darwinian evolution applied to ideas , if you will . 
  it 's more or less what 's happening in france , the communist party is pretty much dead , because it 's considered as irrelevant by voters , but we have several left-wing parties ( france insoumise for example ) that takes some ideas from the communist parties and evolved them to something relevant to voters : it sees market economy as a good thing , but it want to push further wealth redistribution and talk of at least studying seriously universal income . 
  the government provides a safe , stable & rational environment for all to have a family if they want too , conduct business and a have a life with as much freedom as it can within its means . 
  the definition `` safe , stable & rational '' should [ not ] be fixed in stone , it should be a popular consensus . 
  the state/government provides a container , the rules of the game in the container , and the enforcement of the rules . 
  the players are free to play how they see fit as long it 's within the rules . 
  [ edit ] i 'm like that , i forget negations, 
  * taxation is theft * , viewed by an european . 
  so , instead of public services funded by taxes , let 's have the same services as private services funded by ... money you give to companies . 
  you might get more choices , but private companies maximise profits , not the service itself . 
  in both case , the same order of magnitude of money is paid . 
  disposable income after paying for those services is the same order of magnitude . 
  for some type of services ( healthcare , drinkable water distribution ) , public services seems to be more efficient than private companies . 
  for some vital things like healthcare , having large gaps within your society creates issues like misery , which then impact your crime stats . 
  you save money now for not contributing to the less wealthy , but a few decades later , you spend more to protect yourself from those who are desperate . 
  which choice is the most sustainable in the long run ? 
  we have a large culture of comics , but it 's really different in its tone . 
  you can checkout french/belgium comics , a lot of them have been translated . 
  massively op powers , flashy red underpants over blue spandex ... 
  even when i was 6 years old , i never got superman . 
  i remember seeing a comic laying around at a summer camp . 
  i was the kind of kid who would read anything but the phonebook , but i could just not dive into that world of serious men in spandex . 
  my recently bought home , built in the early 90 's , 100m2 on 1000m2 land . 
  it 's in a small ( 3000 ppl ) town in the forest , 30 mn from bordeaux . 
  i work from home with occasional stays abroad . 
  superdupont http://www.bedetheque.com/media/couvertures/couv_32335.jpg i think it 's a good illustration of the differences in our respective cultures . 
  you ... you ... you forgot a zero ? 
  i 've the wife 's phone for that :d, 
  biarritz is nice , and nearby saint jean de luz is great too . 
  there 's a famous road on the way to spain , in saint jean de luz area called * `` la corniche '' * with a fabulous view on the atlantic . 
  i pay 0 euros/months , unlimited calls & messages , 50 mo/month of data , eu roaming . 
  it 's free because it 's packaged with my asdl internet & cable tv package , that comes at 40 euros/months . 
  yes , i do n't use 4g for internet on my phone , i just use wifi . 
  good enough for me , i barely use my phone . 
  i watched it . 
  i loved it very much , because the cultural references are very familiar . 
  the writing is damn good : it 's fun , with some deeper though behind the humour , it as a strong emotional vibe , the character are evolving and are complex . 
  work on my spare time project full time , a small crawling robot . 
  i would also work on having a nicer lawn , upgrade the home with things like pv + battery for exterior lifghts , rain water tank , etc, 
  lacanau if i want big waves , arcachon for something more kid 's friendly . 
  all those are a 1h drive away . 
  small towns like lit-et-mixes can be marginally less known . 
  it 's all touristic , but it 's enjoyable nevertheless . 
  escargot a la bordelaise , i.e. 
  snails drowned in strong flavor sauce . 
  sounds like a ww2 german secret weapon, 
  ha , you only know how good your girlfriend was only after you broke up with her . 
  baltic , eastern ... seen from france , you 're way east on the map \\ ^ \\ ^ i 've a lot of respects for the estonians who managed estonian return to independence . 
  it was so smooth , so brilliantly managed . 
  and then , adjusting to a different kind of economy is understandably hard , but again , compared to other eastern european nations , they managed it well . 
  dubcek is just right next . 
  watching archive videos of him joking about the guards around his house is priceless . 
  hell is paved with good intentions . 
  ecosystems being rather hard to predict , i would advocate a very slow , very cautious implementation of rewiliding . 
  there are other well-intended goals that might conflict with that project , like a focus on locally-grown food products . 
  i speak for my wife , she 's chinese . 
  as we were married * before * asking for a visa to france , it was a slam dunk , 360 no scope . 
  when we married , our union was registered both by chinese and french government , that was the trick . 
  * france high-fives germany *, 
  yes !, 
  as a kid , you see the map , and you are wondering how it became normal and accepted that islands as far as new-caledonia or huge areas like french guyana became french territory . 
  maybe because of that , a lot of those territories are neglected and underdeveloped . 
  recently , we had large riots in french guyana , precisely over that neglect . 
  being european means being mildly pessimistic about everything . 
  we also look at our grand-parents and our parents lives : they lived in the long post wwii boom . 
  on a world with bounded resources , we ca n't live through an exponential growth forever , ca n't we ? 
  we were born when the industry left for cheaper workforces . 
  are we fucked ? 
  i do n't think so , we are in a good position for the ongoing changes , because education is still cheap here , and we still have some social safety net . 
  accessible , socialized education is what will make us future-proof , in this time of automation . 
  at least in france , i 'm under the impression that we currently sorting our shit together , after much wasted time and energy . 
  i 've been living in china , which is supposed to be the future ... 5 years later , i believe europe is part of the future . 
  most of the population of canada is concentrated on the us border . 
  they have a lot of real estate , but it 's mostly tundra . 
  they understand it , but the country have to keep running and people need to eat . 
  then remove vat , and introduce taxes that easier to enforce , maybe ? 
  by investing in greece . 
  starving the greeks will result in selling greece 's family jewels , put the infrastructure in disrepair and creates deep social problems ... which will kill any chance to repay the debt . 
  china is happy to indulge , buying a lot of greeks infrastructure . 
  it 's what we want ? 
  so yeah , i do n't mean throwing money at greece . 
  i mean investing in infrastructure repair , funding new companies , etc. 
  and hiring mostly greeks . 
  forcing stuffs on them is not going to work , but europe can encourage some moves by selective investment .
