  my son is smiling when he wakes up , i say * hi * to the people when i bring my son to daycare . 
  i feel rather lucky to live in a home with a garden , with a nice climate , peaceful & safe environment . 
  i look back at my life when i was working in poorer places with way harsher realities : ca n't kick myself to feel scared . 
  yes , but not manned expedition . 
  i wish to see more exploratory missions ( dig that europa ice sheet ffs !!!, 
  ) , and missions pushing the envelope in term of autonomous robotics . 
  it would be cheaper and it would fund very interesting technologies for both fun & profit . 
  i identify as european , french , aquitaine , in that order . 
  vasconia is including the basques . 
  basques people are quite clear about being their own thing . 
  they have a language which does not even belong to indo-european languages , and they have a distinct culture , spirit , etc. 
  the french side of vasconia has a distinct french culture , as the spanish side has a distinct spanish culture . 
  at the border , the change can be noticed by things as striking as the home styles , the food ... bordeaux and toulouse are culturally different . 
  toulouse has a strong occitan identity , while bordeaux has not , it 's aquitan . 
  vasconia would not be a stable entity , it would break away in aquitaine , occitania , basque country , navarre and galicia . 
  and it 's funded by your income tax , that your employer is paying , proportionally to your income , 
  it 's been around 8 % for like , 20 years . 
  i would say , it became the norm . 
  we are going to need a lot of popcorn . 
  * lived through ww2 : they saw france rising from its ashes , the end of the colonies . 
  they saw hardship followed by 30 years of economic boom together with unprecedented welfare , under the vague menace of cold war . 
  deep respect for the authorities . 
  * born during the 30 years of economic boom : they see those 30 years as the norm , things like being able to afford a nice home on a single income while having 3 kids is just normal to them . 
  they think it was better before , they 'll do a lot to defend their pension . 
  tend to have debts now , as they were not expecting rougher times . 
  most of our politicians right there . 
  rather ambivalent toward authorities . 
  * born in the 80 's and after . 
  digital natives , a lot went through university , speak one foreigner language or even two . 
  they are used to adverse conditions like a non-trivial job market and declining welfare . 
  tend to feel rather captive of the previous generation debt , they more open to some reform and change . 
  less respect for the authorities . 
  we already have corsica , that 's enough already :d, 
  one , but we are slowly getting up to two with people born in the 80 's and after , with either english , spanish , german or sometime italian . 
  people who are working on technical jobs tend to at least survive in english . 
  so , being sold to spain . 
  the guys at the border would n't even notice , but the rest of the region would likely be very pissed , they would ask for autonomy . 
  we 've been french since the carolingian kings ... 
  the region have seen very heavy french investments : 100 % nuclear powered , a large chunk of our aerospace industry is here , tgv train line , one of the most livable city of the country . 
  spain is a very good neighbor and we like them , but we are fine with being french :d, 
  median income after tax is about 1500 eur/months . 
  checking after drunk drivers on week-end nights ? 
  scots and irish have very good press in france . 
  i visited cities from eastern europe , but it was 10 years ago . 
  it definitely worsened in france during the 10 last years . 
  i live in a 2500 ppl town : no homeless ppl , because the town is a clearing in the middle of the forest . 
  it used to be a clearing in the forest with a few farms . 
  the farmers sold their land and it became a residential area , a commuter town . 
  most homes are less than 20 years old , still occupied by their original owners . 
  no jobs here apart from a few services and some forestry industry , most people work in the industrial area of the nearby big city . 
  the big city itself has homeless people , concentrated in the center . 
  they sleep outside , beg for money and food scraps . 
  they usually have no car . 
  it 's not as bad as in the post-communist east . 
  as a kid , i saw far less homeless people . 
  a lot of them are less than 30 or more than 60 . 
  there is quite a comprehensive social safety net , but it 's getting scaled down little by little over the years . 
  people who become homeless are often very vulnerable ie . 
  people who faced multiple difficulties ( loosing a job at 50 while divorcing and being already with little resources ) at the same time and mentally crumbled . 
  one of the grandpa , with the frankish tribes , and the celts . 
  the serious . 
  severe grandpa that scares you a little but you admire because of his past accomplishments . 
  100 days before the final high-school exam , the * baccalaureat * , last year high-school students will dress all in white , and throw eggs and floor at all the other students . 
  back in my days , the surrounding of the high-schools turned into civil war zone where a anarchy reigned for a day . 
  english is a necessity in my field of work ( engineering , science , it ) , and once you step out of france , sticking to french is not going to help you . 
  i prefer tv shows in their original version . 
  internet in english has more content to offer than sticking to french content . 
  honestly , i believe europe is its own greatest enemy , it does not trust itself enough . 
  maybe the cold weather makes it harder to live up there , at least in the old times . 
  you ca n't grow as much food as in the south , population is therefore sparser . 
  population being sparser due to endemic conditions that holds for centuries , people adapt to low density of population . 
  one adaptation is to not need as much social interaction than in the south . 
  those who need a lot of social interaction in an area of low density population are more likely to be depressed and die before making kids ... natural selection toward low needs for social interaction !, 
  pizza . 
  there are like 3 pizzerias in the center of 1000 ppl countryside towns . 
  kebab is more of an urban thing . 
  because there was that angry and vaguely menacing nuclear super-power on the east . 
  europe was wrecked in 1945 , and not able to defend itself ... so the us kindly defended . 
  and europe sort of got it shit together and rebuilt , under the safety of that protection . 
  1989 , the wall felt , ussr crumbled away.now , they are still there because it 's a strategic advantage , early strike capability for the usa , which russia does n't have . 
  if you guys pack your stuffs together , fine , we 'll at last have some sort of european military thingy to guard us from the bear cavalry . 
  china ? 
  a military menace to europe ? 
  did you , like , checked a world map ? 
  we got a monument with the always burning flame of the unknown soldier , aka . 
  the arc de triomphe in paris . 
  it 's in memory of the soldiers dead for the nation . 
  ** awesome ** continent, 
  yeah , he is fairly pro europe . 
  some of the republics came after things like king restoration , an emperor and total government collapse . 
  the 4th one was thrown away because it was ... bugged beyond repair , they were like fuck it , why fixing this mess , it 's less work to start from scratch . 
  anyway , french being french about it . 
  because a new constitution is gon na fix everything , pay the debts and create jobs for everyone . 
  got ta pay for the pensions and the welfare ... you need young tax payers . 
  it ca n't work if you do n't even renew your population , i.e. 
  less than 2 kids per woman . 
  in france , it 's fiscally optimal to have two kids , education is free and you get significant subsidies for health and kindergarten ( 70 % rebate or more if you are poor ) . 
  and it works , we have 2 kids per woman . 
  it was built in 1991 ... past century !, 
  here , it 's mostly a thing for wealthy baby-boomers .
