  it 's not like they were a regular member anyway . 
  * no , that would be political suicide in most countries . 
  if anything , i believe we are moving toward an europe of regions , with central governments loosing influence , funding less their regions , and an increase of influence from european institution at region level . 
  * no , russian would do such a fuss for that , look at what happened when ukraine was just talking about joining europe . 
  the well have been poisoned beyond repair now . 
  * i hope for a less technocratic europe , and a move toward more common policies for infrastructure , like energy , transportation , research funding , etc. 
  with the latest erdogan 's shenanigans , turkey never been this far to enter europe since 2 decades . 
  if i see ( s ) he is struggling , i would propose to switch to english . 
  if ( s ) he is doing fine enough for us to understand each other , i would keep going in french . 
  declaring a one-person company with a small business volume can be done in a matter of days , with just a bit of paperwork , it 's called * auto-entrepreneur * . 
  above a given threshold of revenue , it 's a bit more papers to fill , but still a matter of days . 
  it 's a bit like the sole-trader system other european countries have , but a bit slower and more convoluted :p if it 's a company with several people , you can get quite a lot of paperwork , enough to justify the services of an accountant . 
  recently , the gouv . 
  made some online tools to automate a lot of the red-tape . 
  finland , because my personality seems to fit the description of finns in general , i love nature and i like the way their society works . 
  harsh climate never bothered me . 
  as a french , i guess i would be too talkative ? 
  norway used to be my plan c during my wanderlust life episode . 
  old recipe proven to bring wrong answers to legitimate questions , but i guess us humans have short collective memories . 
  i 'm r&d engineer . 
  never had any debts ... until now , about to start to pay a mortgage for a house . 
  it represents 1/3 of my income after taxes . 
  monthly spendings represents another 1/3 of my income after taxes , and my spouse should look for a job soon . 
  so although i will be indebted , it 's within reason . 
  honestly , i do n't see a rivalry , just mutual admiration and respect . 
  it was to get ourselves warmed up . 
  italy ? 
  they are our friendly neighbors . 
  daggers are for you < 3, 
  everybody love the starks . 
  how to put it ... ussr won , but with such pain and losses , that it was humiliating . 
  it 's like a bear taking on a squirrel ... and the squirrel manages to cripple the bear so badly , the bear have to spend 6 months in the hospital and get squirrel phobia after the ordeal . 
  south west france : rugby . 
  i never did that my dad . 
  it was while playing with other kids at school during the pauses . 
  because you are 100 % sure about where each up voters are from ? 
  people can upvote for trolling , like `` it 's so dumb , it should on top '' . 
  some angry pro-russian with ego issues ... 
  it 's internet , millions people , all possible opinions will find its public . 
  only in a very special cave people would agree usa lost the cold war , but i 'm sure th cave is tiny . 
  the common european viper is errrr ... common in south france . 
  if you walk in sparsely populated areas , you 'll meet them . 
  they have excellent camouflage , near invisible if they sleep . 
  they are not especially aggressive , so just keeping your distances is enough . 
  i was told you get a few hours to find help once bitten . 
  i see vipers when i 'm hiking in the pyrenees mountains , maybe once in 3 days . 
  vipers are pretty chill . 
  portuguese , polish , italians , vietnamese groups integrated well , after rough starts . 
  oregon for the social aspects , colorado for the natural beauty and still ok socially wise . 
  south west france : we get maybe 2 to 3 weeks around 40c in summer . 
  otherwise , it 's around 25c to 30c . 
  i never seen a home here with ac . 
  we just insulate . 
  winter are very mild here , -5 c is considered polar cold , snow is pretty much a legend rather than a reality , at least in the coastal plains were most people live . 
  yes , that 's a very sophisticated tradition striving for the finest breakfast . 
  yeah . 
  i find it easier to digest and to spread . 
  bread , margarine or jam , strong coffee without milk or sugar . 
  walking around in the city will keep you busy for a good solid day . 
  then , you can try to arrange a day trip to any of those places * saint emilion ( gorgeous wine producing village with good affordable wine all around ) * dune du pyla + arcachon ( huge sand dune with great view on arcachon bay ) * sarlat ( 15th century city with amazing food in gorgeous countryside ), 
  looks yummy !, 
  roquefort cheese . 
  looks like milk you forgot in a drawer for a year . 
  smells like milk you forgot in a drawer for a year . 
  it is actually milk left roting in a cave , in carefully controlled conditions . 
  it has a strong yet refined taste . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  that every arab in the country is ready to jump on non-muslims ? 
  that 's so far removed from the situation here . 
  most people from arabs migrants might be muslims , but not the kind to follow word by word the books like a overzealous fundamentalist would do . 
  those people are as french as me , and rational enough to not function like brainless robots . 
  not every arab is a rabid wahhabi . 
  ever heard of al andalusia ? 
  islam can be a tolerant set of ideas . 
  interestingly enough , every single terrorist wannabe is a guy who used to drink alcohol and be into petty crime , hit a wall ... then some guy tell him he can be a hero if a follow a very twisted version of islam . 
  since the poor soul never had much education about islam , the warped version of it does not fight against his previous knowledge . 
  that gives the real scale of the menace , versus the perceived impact . 
  yes , we will have to live with it for a little while . 
  if you have a simple , cheap and practical solution to fix this quick and forget about it for a few decades , please , tell me . 
  people are on the beaches , on cafe terraces , in bars , streets are animated , festivals are all on ... yep , security is ramped up , but life goes on . 
  islam is not blamed , it 's a mix of causes that encourage vocations amongst some losers . 
  they are desperate to be something , a sect takes advantage of it . 
  amongst the dead people , there was a few muslims , including in the police forces . 
  but i get it , it 's tempting to go for simple , comfortable explanations . 
  road accidents are still far more deadly than a few losers who somehow rebranded themselves as martyrs for a sect . 
  most of my germans friends are into non-sense humor , and i totally love it ... 
  * italy : street food * germany : workers / employers relationship , language teaching * uk : humor * switzerland : democracy * belgium : humor , beer, 
  small to tiny government , just to enforce laws , do diplomacy , etc. 
  most of what is public service to citizen become private . 
  in the extreme end , even justice and police can be private . 
  ( i carefully avoid any personal opinion here ), 
  you 'll get more shit for having an american accent than being brown skinned , 
  chinese food overall . 
  sichuan , zheijiang , hui , etc. . . food ? 
  nah , all that diversity is lost , we shall eat a mix of vaguely cantonese food and vietnamese food , and call it chinese . 
  when an actual chinese cook opens a restaurant and serve actual dishes from a given province , it closes after 6 months and become a sushi restaurant or serves the thing i mentioned . 
  sight . 
  italians cook great food , as good if not better than ours . 
  the nerves of those people !!, 
  ha , i 've memories of crossing spain with my parents , living in la mancha for a couple of months .
