  they ended up very surprised that the egyptians were far less bigoted than them and felt as isolated as they were in france . 
   europe and its progressive systems have allowed unfettered relocation to refugees and immigrants . 
  in the 60 's and the 70 's , immigrants were imported because not enough labor in the factories . 
  after 10 , 20 , 30 years , those people were just living there , got kids , etc. 
   the safety concerns are evident no , they are not . 
  you are more likely to die of a cancer , on the road due to bad driving or drunk driving than being maimed by a muslim , by a very large margin . 
  a few attacks is impressive and scary , but it 's less lethal so far , than say , crazy guys going rogue with a gun in usa . 
   although its been shown muslims have a propensity for random acts of violence ; they are not alone . 
  not really : / random acts of violence are not specific to muslim or more often coming from muslims . 
   arguably the more troubling matter is muslim views on : homosexuals , woman 's rights , and religious dogma . 
  these views are not progressive . 
  most muslim people here are not hard-core fundamentalists . 
  heck , 2nd generation or 3rd generation kids drink alcohol , party like any youth would there . 
   as a european how do you qualify letting individuals into your countries whose views are so drastically different ? 
  it 's a loaded question and its assumes you can know the personal view of anybody crossing the border . 
  it 's a ridiculous assumption . 
   how is it progressive to feel suicide bombings are , `` sometimes justified '' ? 
  where the did you hear that : / suicide attacks were unanimously and swiftly condemned by everybody , muslims included . 
  in french high-school , you have different specialized tracks for the 2 last years : economy , humanities , science and a few less common others ones . 
  vocational school for those who want ( or are pushed ) to learn a job like carpentry , plumber ... 
  traditionally , the best students go into the science track , it opens the door to the most prestigious schools after . 
  i did the science track in the late 90 's . 
  * math . 
  basic algebra , polynomials , calculus , vector calculus , complex numbers and a bit of number theory . 
  it was the queen of all classes . 
  * physics & chemistry . 
  newtonian mechanics , magnetism , basic electricity , electronics with passive components , oxydation , redox reactions & basic electrochemistry , oscillatory phenomenons . 
  it included lots of hands-on experiments on the labs , twice a week : making chemical reactions and measuring what 's going on , messing around with forces . 
  * biology & geology . 
  we studied evolution & past life forms , carbon/water/nitrogen cycle , all the main systems of the mammals , basic cellular biology , volcanism , plate tectonics and some basic geology like reading a landscape and geological layers to deduce its history . 
  it presented the earth as a large , complex system . 
  we had hands-on experiments , like dissections , making wine , measuring various stuffs . 
  * history . 
  mostly focused on europe , the colonies and the western world . 
  a lot of essays to write . 
  * geography . 
  a review of the world , with a lot of analysis work on reading maps and making logical links and deductions , say linking climate & terrain with food production . 
  * philosophy . 
  we studied classics and learned to make philosophic commentary that goes beyond bar talks . 
  * french literature . 
  we studied classics , we had to write essays . 
  althought it was n't designed for that , most students rote-learned it to get good enough grades . 
  we were required to have some serious writing skills tho . 
  * english : the level is really low compared to northern europe or germany * german or spanish : most students did n't give a shit and were awful . 
  * physical education : lots of team sport and a bit of athleticism . 
  wechat , because i work with chinese people :p facebook with european friends . 
  since a couple of years , we have 1 to 2 weeks/year to 40c and slightly above , on the south-west atlantic coast . 
  it makes very nice storms . 
  the normal summer temperature is more like 30c . 
  nobody got air-con over here , because we never really need it . 
  locals are used to soldier on 30c for 2 months , they just shutter all windows from later morning to evening to keep the home cool . 
  when temperatures are that high , people just rest in the afternoon and wait the late afternoon to do whatever they need to do . 
  unless you 're at work , and then you just carry on as usual . 
  people tend to complain a lot about temperatures above 40c . 
  i spent years in tropical and sub-tropical areas , so i 'm not bothered much . 
  pizza 's in asia ( apart from the few pizza restaurants ran by people trained in europe ) are sad disasters in general . 
  i mean , mayonnaise on pizzas . 
  freezing the wine and drinking as nearly ice completely kills the subtle tones in the taste & smell . 
  those tones are kinda the point of those wines , people who make those wine work hard to have those tones ... 
  that 's a famous one , they brew their own beer http://www.frogpubs.com/fr/pub-the-frog-rosbif-bordeaux-bordeaux-7.php, 
  south-east france , then ? 
  i 'm in south-west , it 's going ok over here . 
  bordeaux have plenty of pubs now !, 
  in france , my teachers spoke english with a vaguely british accent and used british versions of words . 
  then , working with many different nationalities , it was mostly us english . 
  in the end , as i watch lots of uk 's youtube channel and i love the uk 's accents , i tend to approximate those . 
  i still have a french accent ... 
  citroen c3 . 
  simple , barebone car , good fuel economy , comfortable to drive , 11000 eur . 
  sucks in mountain roads . 
  i bought it because i needed a car for urban commute . 
  i do n't care much about cars in general , so i did n't see the point of throwing money in a fancy car . 
  fuel economy was a major concern , and i wanted something i can resell easily . 
  my wife is learning french , she can have conversations now . 
  she comes from a language where every word is invariant , no conjugations . 
  the conjugations are pain to her , and the long list of exceptions is killing her . 
  she thinks french is a clusterfuck of a language . 
  portuguese know their seafood , it 'll taste awesome , 
  yes , that wo n't change their perspective , the hard-core ones are lost causes . 
  what can be achieved is stopping the spreading of those ideas and their mainstream assimilation . 
  if those ideas are exposed as ridicule , those hard-core ones will be on the fringe , a dwelling bunch as they grow old and tired . 
  it 's ai n't easy * altright is like a viral thing , it 's socially harmful and it diffuses itself . 
  * i believe we have to be able to live with each other peacefully , tolerance and discussion is the way , not segregation and conflict . 
  * to stop a viral diffusion , you have to deal with the contamination hubs . 
  censoring discussion spaces like reddit is such an action . 
  * it 's like an hydra , shutdown on reddit , it will sprout back somewhere else , back to step 1 . 
  it 's just a temporary setback for the diffusion of altright 's ideas * by censoring , we encourage lack of discussion , lack of thinking , and polarization into camps trying to silent each other . 
  it also reinforce the whole paranoid thinking underlaying altright . 
  it 's not the easiest solution , it 's a lot of effort , i might take lots of flack for this , but fighting altright ideas is not done with censoring * be as active as diffusing different ideas from altright !, 
  occupy the space left empty to altright . 
  * ridicule altright common tropes with humour and meme when it fits . 
  dig for easy to check facts to counter made-up shit . 
  * make the whole imbecility of it shine to plain sight the work of comedian tom walker with his jonathan pie rants is a good example of countering altright . 
  alright does not come from a void . 
  there 's always a tendency for paranoia , hatred in all human societies . 
  however , with the proper conditions ( social inequalities , unaddressed fears , political corruption ) , it can infect a society . 
  addressing those conditions is the only way to kill the hydra . 
  censoring alone wo n't stop anything to spread , especially nowadays . 
  finland . 
  for their culture , their resilience , their cute weirdness , their love of nature , the * we do it our way * spirit .
