  i do n't know what 's the popular wisdom on that . 
  from what i know , portugal had some troubled times in the early 20th century , that only ended with the long reign of a dictator , . 
  in the latter days of salazar , portugal 's economy was way behind the rest of europe , due to a severe lack of investment , isolationist policies and a long , painful loss of its colonial empire . 
  portugal arrived in the 80 's impoverished . 
  portuguese emigrated a lot , that does not help either . 
  i heard the public sector was seriously bloated . 
  about being very hairy , and their accent when speaking french . 
  portuguese , lazy , pick one . 
  in france , they are seen as hard workers . 
  bordeaux-strasbourg is a 12h drive , if you stay on the highways . 
  for such long distances , people would rather go by train or plane . 
  in france , crossing the landes forest is really boring , as it is all flat , the highway is straight , and the only thing you 'll see are neatly aligned pine trees . 
  it 's an artificial forest on what used to be a huge swamp ... 
  however , it 's at most a 2 hours drive , that ends either with a nice view on the pyrennees mountain range , or cute hilly countryside . 
  you do n't know the good things you have until you lost them :d, 
  tax fraud . 
  welcome to europe , sounds like you might like it . 
  get married to an european , or come work here :d, 
  there are large industrial areas out of paris , which are doing well and offer similar or superior quality of life . 
  for example , bordeaux and toulouse pull some serious weight in aerospace and it . 
  in the case of france , the first to leave from america where a lot of protestant who where persecuted during the european wars of religion . 
  the huguenot have been almost eradicated , so i would hardly blame those people for leaving as far as they could . 
  later , it was people hoping to have a large tract of land to live free and prosperous . 
  considering the danger and the difficulty to setup a farm in a virgin place , i see those people are courageous and optimistic . 
  a lot of pilgrims died in poorly planned colonization attempts ( like those sent in guyana ) . 
  all that happened * centuries * ago , the descendant of those pilgrims have since created a culture of their own , that diverged from france 's own cultural evolution . 
  as such , the descendant of those pilgrims are complete foreigners to me . 
  we might share some heritage , for example in quebec , we share the language and some cultural traits . 
  maybe it 's just an habit . 
  when i was in usa , i could not even finish the dishes . 
  biking in europe : some places are very bike friendly ( netherlands obviously ) , others , less so . 
  for example , in paris , you have quite a lot of bike lanes , but drivers are fairly aggressive and although you wo n't be in danger , you might feel endangered if you are used to more polite drivers . 
  it weights a lot on the stomach and makes me feel like i ca n't breath because it sticks my throat . 
  jam feels lighter , and there 's a large variety of tastes . 
  no , it 's not automatic . 
  you can eat junk food or greasy food everyday if you want it . 
  the only thing that might help is the size of the portions , they are ( way ) smaller over here . 
  the life style might help , cities are made in a way that encourage you to walk . 
  from an historical perspective , our past rivalry was a short-term one , it got nothing on uk/france rivalry . 
  yes , it 's very popular . 
  every town organize one once or twice a year during the week-end , so you always have a flea market in your area . 
  in france * if somebody is ready to host you and feed you for free and , yes , no problems . 
  * if you need your own place , you are close to urban survival . 
  you are walking the head just barely above water . 
  you will eat and sleep , but anything outside will be too expensive for you . 
  there are some freebies ( free music concerts , free public transportation card ) , which makes life acceptable for someone really frugal . 
  in practice , it 's very hard to find a place to rent if you are jobless . 
  do n't even think of getting a loan from a bank . 
  you will be limited to the lower tiers of food and clothing . 
  socially , you will be treated like a slightly retarded child . 
  it 's an effect of the law of large numbers ( assuming a gaussian distribution , you do n't need a lot of samples to compute an accurate average ) and of the way the counting is done ( it 's done at each polling station , in a distributed fashion , by regular citizens ) . 
  the final , definitive score is given the day after . 
  unless it 's very close to 50/50 , the initial approximation is very accurate . 
  i never seen a sikh in france , first time i saw some , it was in new-zealand . 
  because of the hangover . 
  a lot of us have been drinking yesterday evening . 
  she was from paris , maybe ? 
  in suburbs , you can see chickens in the backyards , even if it 's not common . 
  relative to what/where/who ? 
  in france , we have an old north/south division , where both sides used to be two distinct families of dialects , * oil * and * oc * . 
  the north had a stronger heritage from the germanic tribes like the franks , while the south had a stronger heritage from the romans . 
  although the 3rd republic and its introduction of free & mandatory education did much to flatten the differences , the north/south divide can still be heard . 
  the accentuations , the vowels are pronounced differently . 
  a few words will be different from one province to an other , like * pain au chocolat * vs * chocolatine * , * sac * vs * poche * vs * pochon * , etc. 
  also , we have the basques with their weird language that does not even belong to the indo-european family of language . 
  any remotely dangerous animal have been eradicated centuries ago . 
  vipers can do serious arm , if you provoque them . 
  wild boards might get aggressive , in rare occasion . 
  wolves are back in the mercantour area . 
  my friends and me where encouraged to have hobbies and cultivate them , being music , sport , science , whatever . 
  once at the university , our parents encouraged ( it was implicitly understood that they would not pay for everything ) to work to get some money . 
  education being free up to university , and very cheap up to phd , the pressure to pay for studies is low . 
  ppsssst ... we have some tools for that , we do n't need them anymore , you might use them . 
  4 on richter scale . 
  did n't feel anything . 
  it happened once in 1999 . 
  the power lines were so fucked up , they decided to rebuild them . 
  underground this time . 
  problem solved , every winter storm , no power cut . 
  my local version of * cozying indoor watching movie * is 5c , raging storm with 100km/h wind . 
  20c to 25c , a bit humid , with a light breeze . 
  i lived months with fried vegetables , eggs and rice . 
  ready-made sauces can augment the combinations to avoid boredom . 
  in france , for 2013 , fiscal fraud is estimated from 60 to 80 billions euros . 
  that does not even include `` fiscal optimization '' . 
  accusing the state of creating distortions is very one-sided . 
  large companies are keen to socialize their losses ( who bailed out banks in 2008 ? 
  yeah , the state , aka . 
  people actually paying their taxes ) , but not so much with their gains . 
  that attitude does not help at all to recover . 
  amen to that . 
  non-sense talk with my german friends is always a blast . 
  no , quebec people are way nicer than us :d french humor can be quite vicious for the unprepared . 
  i does n't annoy me or frustrate me , i can understand it . 
  the more someone wants you to drop things as deep and personal as your culture , the more you will hang to it . 
  those things are not removed like a shirt . 
  i 've had the reverse experience , living several years in china . 
  i can adapt my behaviour to the different chinese social norms , up to a point , before i feel i betray who i am . 
  i will always be the foreigner in china , regardless of my fluency in mandarin and my ability to behave according to chinese norms . 
  what i except from an immigrant is not to conform fully to my culture .
