  they will have to re-negotiate a lot of agreements , and it 's going to be though to get a better deal , or even a deal as good as it was . 
  uk will have very little influence on what goes on in europe , since it will lose its seats at the table . 
  uk is trading with europe , it 's hard to avoid it when you geographically right in the middle of it . 
  switzerland is doing all that fine , but uk is quite different from switzerland . 
  chirac election 2002 , that was painful . 
  chirac got a sovietic election score just because people were like nope , do not want fn . 
  the first disgression on ww2 intervention is not an american analysis , it 's the world seen by bored teenagers with pyromaniac tendencies . 
  their grand-parents or more likely grand-grand-parents would spank them . 
  the rest ... 
  i like a kebab once in a while , their loss . 
  go after my kebab shops , i go after you . 
  anal sex ... never say never . 
  that seems to be a lie : / during the algerian war , conscripted soldiers were used , and some of them later confessed acts of torture . 
  it 's dangerous , because it 's a case of emotions prevailing over reason . 
  an army is a tool for a nation , as much as firemen or the police are . 
  it 's a specialist 's job , that required trained professionals . 
  if you put the army above the rest , you might end-up a nation subservient to its army . 
  historically , it rarely went well . 
  you walk to the nearest bakery in the morning . 
  you 'll find bakeries everywhere . 
  it 's a morning ritual . 
  right now , in france , we are about to choose our next president , who holds lots of power . 
  of course , it 's dirty mud fight time , unsavoury past deeds are dug out . 
  one of the candidate , ex-first-minister , and deputy , hired his wife and his kids as assistants , for a very fat income ( several time the french median income ) , over ** decades ** . 
  his wife and kids did so little work for that job , nobody can give any trace of their work . 
  we are talking to close to a million euros , from a man who owns a freak ` in castle . 
  nothing new , those things happens . 
  however , in that case * the man insists it was legal , the law says he can hire assistants * turns out , the practice is likely quite common amongst the our deputies , hiring your spouse as an assistant , for a fat income and little to no actual work * the man , and other deputies , says it 's dirty bolshevism to scrutinize deputies spendings , transparency would be ugly populism , etc. 
  * the man want to be tough on criminals , says the law should be king , no tolerance for cheaters , etc. 
  * the man says he will never back-up , that he would rather call to the streets than abide to justice ( who opened a case on that ) . 
  in romania , people go down in the streets and are very clear it 's enough . 
  in france , the only ones to go down in the streets so far is the small fan club of that guy , because yes he got his fan club . 
  france comes and says to romania : `` hold my beer ... '', 
  just after a civil war , i guess going into a world war surrounded by the enemy faction is not a smart move . 
  you guys are living in a natural fortress , that helps quite a lot  not sure it would work out if switzerland was flat , like belgium . 
  i though it sounded cool until i had to do efforts to learn it . 
  then , i dreaded it . 
  bring good californian wines and beef jerky , that 'll surprise them and they are likely to appreciate it . 
  sodas and sugary snacks are more hit and miss . 
  president election , which this year is as captivating as a season of game of throne . 
  those riots were very localized , due to police violence on a guy . 
  our riots are gunless . 
  you are very unlikely to see any violence . 
  bring a raincoat , tho , it 's been rainy those days . 
  french married to a chinese , both of us cook , with our respective culinary traditions . 
  * fats : olive oil * fruits : apples , bananas , clementine , kiwi * vegetables : tomatoes , yellow onions , carrots , bell peppers , broccoli , zuchinni * starchy carbs : rice , lentils , potatoes , red beans * spices : errrr , way too long list , we have like 30 of them in a dedicated cupboard * type of meat : wife eat most of the meat , i rarely cook meat . 
  pig , chicken , rarely beef . 
  * nuts : sesame , peanut , almonds * cheese : camembert , gruyere , goat cheese , parmesan , gorgonzola * pre-made sauce : wife uses variations of soy bean sauces . 
  i do my own sauces my usual dishes fall within those variations * sauted vegetables with rice * stuffed vegetables cooked in the hoven * pasta with home-made sauce, 
  a popular dish with lentils in france is lentils cooked with sausages , chopped onions , chopped carrots , a bit of laurel . 
  you can use different kind of sausages for it . 
  it 's super easy to make , the kind of stuffs you do in batches and keep in the freezer to micro-wave it when you do n't want to cook . 
  nice find !, 
  i knew alsace was doing well , but no idea lorraine was doing better now . 
  tourist from everywhere come to bordeaux and the surrounding countryside . 
  lots of english , german and dutch roaming the area with their caravans . 
  the beaches are very popular with the germans and the dutch , mostly families with kids . 
  the whole lorraine region as well , they used to be a coal & steel area , which never really recovered . 
  cities like lilles managed to reinvent themselves , others did n't . 
  something about the basques is also their solidarity , their ability to organize themselves in a coherent fashion . 
  i 'm thinking of initiatives like the mondragon group . 
  we study in school , but you would n't be fluent in english with those classes . 
  video games ( you learn things like * ammo * , * life * , * minigun * ... ) , movies , series , reading a lot of english , and then working abroad did marvels to improve my english . 
  germany was limited in petrol , humans and other resources . 
  they squandered a lot of that to invade poland , norway , france , greece ... once they attacked the ussr , they were bound to loose , ussr could have won alone , despite the terrible cost it would have been . 
  uk would never accept peace . 
  uk would have been very unlikely to accept peace , given the way that poland , france and others were invaded . 
  the maginot line 1 ) people got a clue that a conflict with germany was likely to happen . 
  some though that a pre-made fortified trench would save lots of money on troops and equipment , blocking any attempt of invasion from germany . 
  the ardennes mountains ? 
  nah , they ca n't pass though that , and they would never invade belgium like in wwi ... 2 ) hu , french gouv . 
  and army , i guess  3 ) a false sense of safety , a lack of preparation for a conflict 4 ) invasion & occupation of france , difficult position to negotiate the post-wwii position and terms , massive loss of lives , materials and prestige, 
  i live just a 2 hours drive north of the basque area . 
  the landscape , the people , their food is great ... and they embrace the present ( they have a patchwork of small tech companies , like the mondragon group ) , i 'm not sure they are the best link with prehistoric europe . 
  basque vocabulary adapted to the needs of modern time , i assume the language evolved a lot through time . 
  the dordogne valley has plenty of caves with elaborate paintings from the paleolithic era , that 's a more tangible link . 
  you can visit there , it 's nice , and the food is great too , 
  smoking nowadays is a far cry from what it was in the 80 's . 
  smoking is damn expensive those days !, 
  between 1st to 3rd year , you 're just one unknown trooper , fresh meat for the grinder , professors barely acknowledge you . 
  the professor looks at the amphitheatre , knowing that 80 % of those students gon na fail and give up next year . 
  the lecture is a one-way thing , exams are brutally hard , those years are disguised selection to detect the motivated students . 
  it 's a darwinian approach to student selection , they drop you , you 're alone , you survive or you do n't . 
  some professors give great lectures , some are fleshy robots . 
  starting around the 3rd year , you get to know personally your professors and talk to them at every class . 
  at master level and above , you might be able to get drunk with them . 
  i 've been drunk & high with my phd director . 
  my son wakes up for his milk , i feed him . 
  once done , we go to the kitchen . 
  i drink a large glass of fresh water with a bit of lemon syrup . 
  i eat a baguette with margarine , jam , marmelade , whatever i feel like . 
  then , a bit later , a large mug of brewed coffee , with no milk nor sugar . 
  i buy italian grounded coffee , like lavazza . 
  usually , i have my son playing in the kitchen , while my wife is still sleeping . 
  that 's pretty normal amongst sons and grand-sons of migrants . 
  also , if you do an expat gig in the emirates or saudi arabia , you 'll see drunk locals . 
  turkish are largely muslims , but you wo n't have to search very hard to find alcohol in turkey . 
  the book says drinking alcohol is bad ... but few really goes by the book . 
  in general , assuming that being muslim automatically means you 'll go by a by-the-book way of life is wrong , it does not reflects the day to day reality . 
  i remember reading about grand-sons of migrants moving from france to egypt , expecting to have a more ... muslim way of life ...
