  coastal areas are popular for secondary residence , there are even made-up villages of those . 
  restored old homes in the countryside is popular now , if you can afford that . 
  it sounds bad , but what i mean in some african countries , no matter what the result of an election is , the fans of the unelected candidates go berserk on the fans of the elected one . 
  trump 's election looks like a continuity of something rather than an unexpected surprise over here . 
  no worries , i know that in usa , there are tons of people who are not angry and narrow minded , but i guess they are not very well represented . 
  it 's not much better over here , 2017 president election is going to be painful for us . 
  we need anesthetist and nurses over here . 
  welfare , crazy working hours , reasonably priced real estate , heavy taxes . 
  better brush up your french however . 
  if you 're desperate to leave and want free french classes , go for the foreign legion . 
  you even get french citizenship after your served your term , and a comfy retirement package . 
  you 're honestly welcome . 
  protesting violently because you are not happy with the result of the election ( assuming it was a reasonably well organized election ) is making you look like an african country just after an election : / if you are not happy with the system , work on the system , do n't spit on the other half of your fellow citizens . 
  ( yeah , as a french , that 's rich of me to say that :p ), 
  russia never been interested in being part of europe union , they are very nationalistic , and culturally they are there own thing . 
  union would feel so forced and artificial , when none of the sides wants it in the first place . 
  we could be good neighbors , but so far it 's been rocky :p, 
  english is kinda spoken widely only since a generation or two . 
  most baby-boomers have at best a terrible grasp at english . 
  french are perceived as rude because our culture customer/client relationship is quite ... different ... from the anglo-saxon one . 
  large orders of popcorn would follow . 
  it makes brexit looks like a movie trailer . 
  1 ) quickly petter out if it happens , because you do n't sweep people like dust with a mop . 
  modest protest would be heard from france , followed by * told you so * . 
  2 ) is already going on . 
  3 ) would lead to the closing of many us base in europe , maybe at last the beginning of an european force . 
  4 ) wo n't go very far , iran is not suicidal, 
  uk is part of the family , they are the histrionic , drunk , yet genius uncle living in his remote house . 
  soccer is boring , we get the politicians we deserve , if you want `` true '' democracy you ca n't just seat in your sofa and complain , we should learn from the nordic countries , if you want less migrant then invest massively in africa, 
  * french : native * english : fluent * vietnamese : basic conversation * mandarin : can understand basics , ca n't speak much, 
  south-west france : english it not much spoken . 
  more exactly , i would say 1 third of people less than 30 can at least speak a few words of english ( ie . 
  people with university level education ) ... 
  but they would rather not say anything in english , either by lack of confidence , or just not giving a shit . 
  language teaching in france is not good at all . 
  everything is in french , it 's a french language bubble where you can live well just knowing french . 
  [ in mali kicking asses ] ( http://msnbcmedia.msn.com/j/msnbc/components/photo/_new/130122-mali-scarf-5p.photoblog900.jpg ), 
  those white walkers are quite the bummer, 
  well , i would say that the generation born in the 50 's , 60 's were lucky to grow up in a period of rather exceptional growth , and took it as their norm . 
  those born in the 80 's are in a more competitive environment . 
  ena , the ecole nationale de l'administration , the school were most of our politicians were/are trained . 
  slowly sinking into their systemic issues , but not without strangling the neighbors and blame the west for its problems . 
  baby-boomers could own a home at 30 , while having a low wage . 
  those times are long gone , and i 'm not sure they all grasp that . 
  cities are fucked , they are too dense . 
  we have a fairly large army , so i guess we could maintain a fair amount of safe pockets . 
  countryside would be ok , it 's sparse , land & climate are favorable to self-sufficient farming . 
  let 's look at finnish grammar ... nope !, 
  seeing one would feel a bit creepy * omg religious nuts *, 
  norway is playing with cheat mode activated ( ie . 
  it would not fit in the frame , so they put it up there i guess . 
  corsica in the channel sounds like a good start for a uchronia story !, 
  we got [ superdupont ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-sv85z9vswbg/vtktwvjjvmi/aaaaaaaacfi/8ptbsnbw7fc/s1600/694_001.jpg ) , who 's the essence of the french within a single man . 
  imagine a soccer match lefion vs. latrique, 
  * [ bourg-la-reine ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/bourg-la-reine ) bang the queen * bouq etourdi silly goat * [ longcochon ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/longcochon ) long pig * latrique erection * lefion the asshole, 
  in older homes ( pre-1990 ) , yes , if the area is not floodable . 
  they are used mostly for long-term storage , utilities , pantries , i never seen one been used a living space . 
  it 's not very popular in newer homes . 
  finland , because it 's beautiful and the finns are crazy & adorable . 
  keep rocking , finland , shine in your crazy diamond . 
  it is mostly a myth inherited from the 3rd republic . 
  we are the descendant of frankish tribes mixed with gallo-romans and the various tourists such as the vikings . 
  portugal is safe , beautiful , accomodation and food are cheaper than many other european countries . 
  it 's warm in the south , you got sea and mountain . 
  people are nice and not extravagant . 
  no idea about healthcare there . 
  and assuming france wants wallonia . 
  one area i like in my city , that i definitely ca n't afford . 
  you have a small garden in the downtown , if you are rich . 
  the plain , simple camembert . 
  goat cheese as a close second . 
  new-zealand . 
  actually tried to live there , but getting a visa was too much of hassle . 
  australia would be fine too . 
  you fool , you want the vikings back to sack our churches ?!, 
  on mechanized bears , ridden by finns . 
  we are doomed . 
  better build a fortification line asap . 
  pizza , the actual italian stuff . 
  i would personally like it a lot , but i would except a near civil-war situation , because right now , to get this , it would have to be rammed in our throats . 
  there are so much important issues to agree on ( healthcare , welfare , workers rights , education , etc. 
  ) , only a dictatorial approach would do it in a few years . 
  we tasted of that before , 1/10 wo n't do ever again . 
  it has to a be a slow , organic process , it 's the only way to make the arrangement that satisfies the most . 
  i think it would work better as a federation of provinces rather than countries . 
  provinces within european countries are getting more confident about their identity , and small countries tend to be better managed than big ones . 
  also , political culture varies a lot from provinces to provinces even within a country . 
  say , my home province is traditional social left since at least 1789 revolution , but up north , they are christian right . 
  i am fine with them , but they keep their christian right stuffs up there , 
  native french speaker here , with notions of latin . 
  while traveling in portugal , i could read anything and get the sense of it without trying very hard . 
  spanish is transparent too , to a lesser degree , likewise with italian . 
  spoken , italian is ok , but spanish and portuguese , nope . 
  i fart in your general direction, 
  we made a fortification line . 
  no way you pass through . 
  it 's like picking palpatine or jar jar binks as head of the galaxy . 
  palpatine would run things more or less competently , but he serves the dark force , which is kinda the root of current issues ( precarious situations for more people ) . 
  jar jar binks gon na jar jar binks . 
  he will ruin the movie for everyone , and you will have to suck it for 4 years .
