the climate in the majority of europe is rough hum ... asia and america are not impressed, 
  i live close to a very touristic city in south-west france . 
  it never gets old . 
  i often go to china for work , where most city centers are at most 15 years old : new places have the appeal of new things , like a new car , but it also often lacks character . 
  maybe we need to make a safe space for trump supporters in germany ? 
  most of the time , they are okay , but bring paper . 
  the same as margaret thatcher . 
  jacques chirac won his 2nd seat with 82 % of the polls , and we all knew he was kinda corrupt and not addressing the important issues . 
  it just that the other option was considered worse . 
  english because it 's the lingual franca , and the others for fun . 
  as a kiwi friend often told me : * yeah , nah ... * china have been invaded by japan , a few europeans nations , the mandchous , the mongols ... 
  he could have say the same about napoleon . 
  as an historian , he should know better . 
  we still have some pieces of the atlantic wall ( sinking in the sea ) , naval bases from wwii and a few bunkers . 
  maginot line remains can be visited , even ww1 fortifications . 
  nz , australia . 
  i 've been to nz , i loved every second of it . 
  the place is n't perfect , but thanks god for the kiwis and their islands . 
  * elementary school was overall a good memory , i remember good friendships , some of which are still on . 
  i had good grades , although i was mildly bored . 
  * middle school was a bad time for me , the worse of my life . 
  on top of being bored to death , kids were aggressive , filled with teenage angst , and very normative ( you had to be `` cool '' or being a flat , silent non-character ) . 
  as a nerdy kid with attitude ( think of a bookish napoleon dynamite ) , i had to face a bit of bullying , that i learned to deal by developing ninja skills ( ie . 
  being able to disappear and remain invisible , mostly to read books in peace ) . 
  grades dived down , i was doing the syndical minimum unless the topic interested me . 
  i felt i did n't learn much , but with some perspective , it 's not true . 
  i learned to write readable prose with a bit of style , i learned some english , and tons of literature , history & geography that i would not touch on my own . 
  science was way behind what i could gather on my own . 
  * high school was an net improvement , i was able to socialize without pretending to be someone i was n't . 
  grades did n't improve much , i was too comfortable doing the strict minimum to avoid troubles . 
  the courses were actually not that bad , but well , teenagers are ungrateful brats , i was n't any exception . 
  i made some good friends . 
  a math teacher was convinced i was performing at 0.1 % of what i could in math , so she proposed me to join some sort of math game club . 
  with a bit of ass kicking on her part , she showed me i could crack stuffs nobody included me would think i could crack . 
  that was revelation to me and was determinant for me to go into research later . 
  atlantic coast  med coast . 
  we do n't take bath in a soup , we have actual ocean with waves . 
  also , we have jobs , 
  i 've great childhood memories of summers in albacete and castilla la mancha , 
  you invite me to a restaurant ? 
  it happened while i was still a teenager , so it did n't impact me much , it was just different coins and banknotes for the same purpose . 
  when i was able to earn some significant amount of money , euro currency was already a normal thing . 
  not having to change money when travelling in europe is nice , leave france , land in portugal , and you 're ready to enjoy your time , no banking shenanigans . 
  * i loved the khmer historical sites , and the small islands without phone or internet * the food was great * apart from the touristic parts of siem reap , the cities were littered with trash * i saw a lot of poverty , especially children roaming the streets sniffing glue * the country is in the hand of one man , and i had that impression he is selling the country to the chinese * people were fine , nice , decent . 
  estonia , i quite admire what they did since the late 80 's . 
  with a stem a degree , it seems not very hard . 
  however , with just a high school diploma , you 're going to struggle for a while and cultivate a skill or a trade . 
  i lived mostly in the south-west , which is doing ok , not sure it generalize to the whole country . 
  in french * bleu ( blue ) * blanc ( white ) * rouge ( red ), 
  the rooster , because it keeps being loud even with the two feet deep in the shit . 
  a glorified chicken as a national animal is n't very badass , but that 'll do . 
  paris is not all pretty , there are pretty areas , and run down areas . 
  yeah , and preferably an ugly , install-it-yourself one , not a dugged-up one . 
  it goes well with the various outdoor plastic toys the kid use only thrice a year and other junk . 
  it 's kind of a tradition to to turn your garden into a trashyard over here . 
  he did most the works he was famous for while in europe, 
  no , that would explode back to separate countries pretty quickly . 
  when i was 7 , my parents let me roam the town streets and forest by myself , as long as i was back home before sunset . 
  if i went to someone 's home , i would tell my parents . 
  i was expected to clean & tidy my bedroom daily . 
  i would help with the dishes , putting the table before the meal . 
  i started taking the bus to go in the big city on my own around 13 i think . 
  i never had any directives about relationships . 
  the only non-european nations i have for comparison is china . 
  compared to chinese kids in cities , we have so much more freedom and trust from our parents , it 's hard to wrap my mind around it . 
  chinese kids in the countryside are granted more freedom , and more responsibilities compared to city kids , and they are often decent cooks , 
  was born in france , and i 'm ( happily ) living there . 
  finland would have been nice , the education there would better fits me and i like their way of doing things . 
  doing a * confit byaldi * , but calling it a * ratatouille * . 
  ho , and taking whatever dish and making it with 10x the amount of oil and 3x the amount of cheese people would use in france . 
  yes , i 'm looking at you , r/food . 
  i always understood ethnicity as something that was beyond a cultural thing , but even a genetical thing . 
  that clarifies things up , thanks , 
  what makes me french is not only my passport : i 've a culture too . 
  the way i cook , the way i think , my cultural references , my accent , are rather typical of a french person . 
  but this is a memetic thing , not a genetic thing . 
  i think what makes someone french is essentially cultural : you grew up in france , you have a french culture , you speak french : you 're french . 
   ethnic groups , derived from the same historical founder population , often continue to speak related languages and share a similar gene pool we have the cultural aspect of an ethnicity , but not the genetic one, 
  french ethnicity would be so artificial it does not even start to make sense . 
  copy-pasted from wikipedia , about french people  french people mainly are latin people today identified by their use of romance language . 
  historically , most pre-roman french people were of celtic origin ( gauls , bretons ) , as well as basques , aquitanians , and greeks in southern france . 
  however , later the celtic population assimilated into and replaced by latin people ( romans , occitans , ligurians ) majority . 
  france has long been a patchwork of local customs and regional differences , and while most french people speak the french language as their mother tongue , languages like norman , occitan , catalan , auvergnat , corsican , basque , french flemish , franconian , alsatian and breton remain spoken in some regions . 
  we are a patchwork that have been stirred ... and that was before the 19th century , were lots of things have uniformed around the country , while we had some influx from the neighbours . 
  now , let 's look at the genetics  france has been influenced by the many different human migrations that wide-crossed europe over time . 
  prehistoric and neolithic population movements could have influenced the genetic diversity of this country . 
  a study in 2009 analysed 555 french individuals from 7 different regions in mainland france and found the following y-dna haplogroups . 
  the five main haplogroups are r1 ( 63.41 % ) , e ( 11.41 % ) ( traced mostly in the paris area ) , i ( 8.88 % ) , j ( 7.97 % ) and g ( 5.16 % ) . 
  r1b ( particularly r1b1b2 ) was found to be the most dominant y chromosomal lineage in france , covering about 60 % of the y chromosomal lineages . 
  the high frequency of this haplogroup is typical in all west european populations . 
  haplogroups i and g are also characteristic markers for many different west european populations . 
  haplogroups j and e1b1b ( m35 , m78 , m81 and m34 ) consist of lineages with differential distribution within middle east , north africa and europe . 
  only adults with french surnames were analyzed by the study . 
  it correlates with what we know from history : being french from several generations does not determines your genetic very strongly . 
  i can trace my ancestors as french since around 1789 ( yeah , lots of books burnt that year ) like many french people , but that still does not tell how much celt , frankish , roman or whoever was strolling around you are . 
  the best we could say `` well , genetically , west european '' . 
  when you look at the history of france and germany , were many tribes came , stayed , and moved on , and then with lot of further population movement , i do n't see how genetics would correlate with actual nationality . 
  french is a nationality , not an ethnicity . 
  at the early days of what would become france , it was already a mix of celts ( who were many tribes ) , romans and several germanic tribes , under frankish tribes domination . 
  hu , in france , i would expect most people to be some serious mixup of everything in a radius of 5000 km .
