  it 's alright , we can invade wallonia . 
  flush all those professional politicians who got their first seat when i was born ... and are still there now in the same seats , left and right . 
  ffs got ta introduce new blood . 
  on one hand , it 's great people giving themselves that kind of objectives , and actually committing to it . 
  i personally do n't care it 's in europe or not , as long as it 's happening and the stories keep going well . 
  i admire elon musk and spacex in that regard . 
  pushing boundaries , putting some pressure on the aerospace industry to excel . 
  ... on going to mars : it 's a cold , dry , dead , deadly desert . 
  all it got for it is the romantic attraction for the wild unexplored nature . 
  we did n't establish an autonomous & flourishing city in antarctic , in the middle of the gobi desert , the atacama desert , or the kerguelen islands , all those got breathable air which mars has not . 
  if it can be done and it is sustainable , ok , mars would make sense . 
  being on mars while living in the most dangerous camping ever , struggling to survive while depending on cargos from earth , what 's the point ? 
  send robots on europa , under the ice ... make it cheap to send robots all over the solar system . 
  that would make sense . 
  juppe have been the mayor of bordeaux for a while , and bordeaux have been very positively changed under his tenure . 
  we say he woke up the sleeping beauty ... you can meet him walking in the streets of bordeaux during his lunch pause , without ( obvious ) guards . 
  so there 's that . 
  he have been in politics since ... more than 30 years however , and he is not charismatic at all . 
  he also faced justice in the past , to cover his then boss jacque chirac . 
  so he is an old face with a past . 
  ... sarkozy is hardly better , but he is far more noisy . 
  right now , he pretty much uses a lite version of trump 's strategy . 
  neo-druids , which are a very , very tiny community . 
  the concept of a big box store open 24 hours a day , 7 days a week is in itself very foreign in france . 
  it would break work regulations , most shops close on sunday and night time . 
  there are low-budget supermarket chains catering to low revenues , i.e. 
  cheap low quality food and items sold with minimal effort of service , like lidl . 
  there , you see that the average customer is dressed with cheap and/or old clothes , although it 's rarely up to tragic/comedic levels . 
  you always see the obligatory alcoholic doing a refueling run . 
  you seen chav-like teens also refueling booze or the adult evolution of them buying food . 
  i never seen those motorized sort of caddies here . 
  we have fat people , but we are not very competitive on that sport . 
  i never seen anything wild the few times i sent to lidl ( maybe 5 times in my whole life ? 
  ) , but always one drunk guy with recent bruises , buying beers i have no idea they existed . 
  best spots are lidl in the suburb of a small town in a province with no jobs , like the creuse . 
  never before an omelette de fromage, 
  we wash at least once a week , sometime with soap . 
  you first get drunk at home or in a bar ( increasingly popular option : anglo-saxon style pubs ) ** then ** you go the nightclub to fool around . 
  nightclub is a very expensive way to get drunk . 
  weed is tolerated as long as it is discreet ( it 's a stupid case of actual habits vs. the law & appearances ) . 
  i would not advise to carry some on your way to europe . 
  you can resupply in amsterdam . 
  in venice & ireland that would be illegal , you would have to buy from shady people likely to screw you with low quality product . 
  depressive , aloof , boring , ca n't cook much , but they are good at responsibilities and winter sport . 
  instead of eating rotten milk like normal people ( ie . 
  french people ) , they eat rotten fish . 
  they used to be vikings , which still give you that chill . 
  finns have a reputation of though silent badasses and quite different from the ex-vikings . 
  from the few finns i met in my life , i dunno , they were so likeable it gave me interest for finland , i considered finland to move back from asia to europe , until the wife said * nope too cold , south france or gtfo * . 
  so i secretly hope to get a job there . 
  conscription is seen as a good way to mix together people who would not mix if left to their own device . 
  people who were conscripted often mention boredom and a few comical episodes . 
  the principle you want to uphold is one thing , but how you enforce it in practice ? 
  i can share my experience about integration , as my wife is not french . 
  * learning lithuanian =  you have to make lithuanian classes cheap ( or even free ) and accessible . 
  in france , newcomers can have a few months of free french class . 
  it 's not enough , and quality is so-so , as the government leaves the job to the lowest bider . 
  * finding a job =  what 's the attitude to hire a foreigner for a job ? 
  small countries tend to have an old boy network , which can deter people  * respect our traditions and way of life =  why people comes to lithuania ? 
  if it 's for a job and earn a life while trying something else , you will get a long-term visitor . 
  do people come to lithuania out of sheer love for the country ? 
  giving some free classes about the history and the culture can help . 
  from my own experience of travelling and living abroad , and watching my wife and her friends , people do n't shed their cultures like they would change a coat . 
  they adapt and cope . 
  the more you force it , the less it works . 
  it 's a bit sad , it 's like a relationship that did n't work out despite your wishes , and you have to breakup . 
  i studied math & comp . 
  sci . 
  with a bit of classical mechanics . 
  100 eur/year , and technically , i could have spent 0 . 
  university library is sufficiently stocked with all the books you need , at least at the universities i 've been to . 
  i bought some books because they were very good references , like one calculus book i still use , feymanns 's lectures , etc. 
  it 's not free , we pay taxes for it  in france , your income is taxed at roughly 45 % ... and that 's not including things like land & council taxes . 
  consultations are reimbursed up to 70 % , some things are 100 % reimbursed ( all pregnancy-related expenses after 6 months of pregnancy , for example ) . 
  medication is reimbursed , but it depends on the medication . 
  overall , healthcare is top-notch over here . 
  gp is usually available within the day you call it . 
  specialists can take weeks to get however . 
  if you 're really poor , you get all that for close to free . 
  in france , mortgage is legally limited to one third of your income . 
  no such limits where you live ? 
  french tend to die rather old , so maybe there 's some wiseness into this , 
  it 's even worse than that : old-school vietnamese writing used chinese ideograms ... as a transcription for vietnamese . 
  for each vietnamese word , ( word in the sense of asian-style language , many common words are compounded with several simple words , most words are one syllable ) , they used one chinese character for the meaning , one for the sound ... 
  it was a nightmare to teach and learn . 
  next to that , the latin transcription for vietnamese is a breeze . 
  * le gras , c'est la vie * - fatty food is really nice to have, 
  * 2 adults + baby , 70m2 rented apartment + car parking spot , bordeaux suburb ( ie . 
  quiet , great climate , with lots of nice tries , all things useful 5 mn walk away ) . 
  it 's a small 3 floor residency =  750 eur/months . 
  * internet + land line phone + cable tv =  40 eur/months * 300 eur/months of supplies & groceries , 70 eur/months to fuel the car which we do n't use very much we get 100 eur/months as subsidy for our baby , and government give us 70 % rebate on pretty much any medical expense and kindergarten . 
  we are about to move in our own home : 300 000 eur , 30km from bordeaux , almost countryside , 1100m2 land for 120m2 house , with modern insulation and photovoltaic panels , 1 shelter for 2 cars . 
  loan for houses have a rate of 1 % to 2 % depending on your situation . 
  anybody who spent time with germans get to know their love for non-sense humor . 
  staying in paris and avoiding the countryside . 
  south-west france , atlantic coast here . 
  spain & portugal , which is hardly surprising . 
  bordeaux got quite the hype those days . 
  job situation is good , climate is great , very lively , nice nature , good infrastructure . 
  * uk will have some sort of treaty that pretty much maintain the current status-quo , minus the european helps .
