  they cook , dress , like the hell they want . 
  i wish ( s ) he does the effort to understand it , and adapt to it , without feeling oppressed by those efforts . 
  say , they see that sunday is a day supposed to be calm . 
  i strongly except them to follow the laws . 
  i really appreciate efforts to learn french , although i 'm well aware it 's not easy . 
  and from my experience , that 's what most migrants i know do . 
  most middle class couples who decide to buy a home have to settle for 80 to 120 m2 . 
  1000 m2 land used to be the norm , but now , it 's more like 500 to 700m2 , 1000 m2 and above is kinda fancy . 
  land price is higher in europe , i assume ... 
  the size of the houses in mcmansion boggles my mind . 
  i mean , we got villas here to , but it 's not * that * big !, 
  i do n't know what kind of person she is . 
  i barely watch tv since two decades , all i know about her is her political life , and news reports about what she said . 
  however , her dad is ( was ) a very visible and well known public persona . 
  her dad would fit my portrait very well , for the negative traits . 
  on the good traits , it does not match . 
  the only jaw drops mr. 
  le pen triggered , he did it by saying things crafted to shock and stir the pot . 
  i think we are going to end-up with an all-alcoholic cast . 
  alcoholic ned flanders , who have been bullied by russia and still got ptsd of it . 
  a girl who 's often grumpy , pessimistic , loudly arrogant , rather bitchy , aggressive in a mean way . 
  she would be a pain most of the time because of it . 
  she would set rules for all to follow , yet not follow half of those rules . 
  she would be like this because she has deep insecurities she hides with her temperamental behaviour . 
  she would be drunk a bit too often . 
  she would keep bragging and refuse to admit errors even knee deep in the worst , self-caused shit . 
  however , she would be a great cook . 
  she would once in a while get her guitar and amaze every one . 
  she would pop up and say `` look what i built ! '', 
  and jaws would fall on the floor . 
  she would be loveable yet hard to love , a real cactus . 
  difficult childhood with her brothers and sisters who all were viciously fighting . 
  in the end , they are all in good terms . 
  she used to be a bully , and she 's not quite proud of it , still having problem to talk about it openly . 
  so , rick sanchez in the body of rachel from friends, 
  it does n't handle bullying in a systematic , principled way , but there 's some understanding of the problem . 
  every school handles it the way it see fits , if it handles it . 
  it seems the bullied have to do the first step , signalling the problem . 
  most school have a social worker , to whom you can go if you do n't feel well in general . 
  i 've only my own experience to relate . 
  i was considered `` weird '' by others , because i openly had no care about fashionable clothe , no interest for soccer , cars and `` manly '' stuffs , i was into science and books ... 
  most of the bullying happened out of the school ( at the bus stop ) , which might have made this invisible to the school staffs . 
  i devised strategies to avoid bullying : i took the bus at a further away bus stop , using a path nobody used . 
  in general , i learned to be furtive . 
  i do n't know if teachers could see that i was annoyed by other kids . 
  after years of that , i started to feel deeply tired mentally . 
  i had fantasies of escaping , far far away , on my own . 
  i was very tempted , yet i knew it was likely to not go well . 
  i contacted the social worker of the school to talk about it . 
  she understood what was going on , and proposed me to go a different school , for kids with mental issues . 
  i had myself no real mental issues , just a bout of neurosis caused by me being being exhausted mentally . 
  there , i could rest and rebuild in peace . 
  a few months later , i entered high-school , an new environment , a new school , new kids . 
  there , i managed to socialize while being myself . 
  problem solved . 
  the main problem is that the bullied kids stay silent and are feel helpless , while it can be invisible from the point of view of school staff . 
  some kids i knew never really covered , i heard of some kids being driven to suicide . 
  subsidizing solar energy , more efficient insulation , building regulations pushing for energy efficiency , cogeneration , running mostly on ( old ) nuclear plants . 
  there 's so much room for more . 
  say , most parkings could have photovoltaic roofs , we could invest way more into infrastructure upgrade , etc. 
  it 's going on . 
  we got ta adapt to the changes and do damage control * 4 . 
  i eat locally grown food , low meat diet , minimize car usage , investing to make my home energy efficient ( got solar panels , next in line is solar boiler and insulation work ) , buy locally made stuff ( for example , when i do diy stuffs , i source european stuffs ), 
  i remember spending time studying the restauration in middle school and high school , louis philippe `` the bourgeois king '' , and charles something who was kinda hard-core, 
  in france , it became the verb * chourer * , sometimes * chouraver * , 
  it * is * the normal language . 
  do you back in horror with * algebra * , * alambic * , * zero * or * alcohol * ? 
  some words like toubib are not even slang anymore , 
  you can produce antibodies using bacteria : you introduce the dna coding for the antibody in the bacteria , and it 'll produce the antibody . 
  the bacteria live in very controlled environment . 
  you can do the same thing with yeast . 
  you can use animals too :d, 
  france is not a mother or a father , but the french republic is a mother , ie . 
  a hub of innovation & funding , with a strong liberal and progressive tendencies , but also strong inequalities in level of life . 
  expensive real estate . 
  nice wilderness , pending earthquakes , too . 
  i 'm a scientist . 
  i 'm into machine learning , i use machine learning to automate antibody design , or more realistically , allow to design antibodies real fast with a limited amount of ~ ~ meatbags ~ ~ humans , as it is quite a labor intensive endeavour . 
  as a hobby , i ( try to ) design and build walking automatons . 
  can we say that liechtenstein is switzerland 's own switzerland ? 
  well , the fn party got hold on a few cities , which all have been managed in a rather questionable way . 
  meh , * boudin * aka black pudding , aka blood sausages is not far off , and it tastes great . 
  you can fry boudin with apples chunks , so those blood steaks with berries do not sound crazy at all . 
  seriously , it looks yummy . 
  vikings should be banned from cooking pizzas . 
  please , stahp, 
  if you like fish , portugal defends itself well . 
  after two weeks in portugal , my body odor changed just from switching to a fish-heavy diet . 
  he , we know we suck at beers . 
  why trying when the neighbours are good at it . 
  * stroopwaffel * sounds so badass , it makes me think of * stormtroopers * , like * omg here comes the stroopwaffels !!!, 
  my favorite way to cook snails is the vietnamese way . 
  they eat really small snails that lives in the rice fields . 
  you get a full bowl of them , it 's a snack to enjoy on a terasse with a beer and friends . 
  they are boiled with some local herbs , it 's simple and not a chewy mess , it 's very close to eating mussels or clams . 
  your picture kinda remind me that , it seems to be in the same spirit . 
  snails as munchies food , that 's daring . 
  i had to look for it , to believe deep fried pizza existed . 
  such barbarity . 
  in that small room that give access to the backyard , where we have the fridge , the hot water tank and store stuffs like cleaning product , vegetables , cakes , etc.
