  it 's there because , hu ... it 's how it 's done over here . 
  ufo x-com : enemy unknown, 
  one bomb that made a lot of noise . 
  how much does it weights next to all the other bombs dropped before ? 
  why it is significant compared to other bombs ? 
  does bombs , alone , solve anything ? 
  hah hum ... and buying french electricity , made with old , fat nuclear plants : /, 
  * they are professionals , serving the nation . 
  they are frugal . 
  in that regard , they fit the bill . 
  they have silly , out-dated traditions , with a face-palm inducing conservatism . 
  they have an ability to improvise that blows my mind , however , it 's like an army of baguette-eating mac gyvers * yeah , in my close family . 
  a mix of family tradition and personality traits that fits army service . 
  * for the current ambitions , the budget is too small , our army is over-stretched . 
  i would rather see the budget kept as it is now , but with reduced ambitions . 
  * yes . 
  i believe that an invasion would be too costly/painful for any aggressor . 
  having nukes in submarines does help , on that regard . 
  also , conscription is not a thing stopped a while ago , most soldiers are genuinely motivated to serve . 
  in recent operations , they showed competence , far more than the politicians that gave them their missions . 
   the french are ok but they could ... try to smile a bit more and throw a few thank yous here and there ? 
  we have a reputation to hold, 
  tourists do n't annoy me , and it 's quite touristic here ( south-west france ) . 
  just ... when you go on the beach , please ho pretty please , read the security advices , the stream is really strong , and those tidal pool are * not * safe for your kids when the tides goes up . 
  in france , you ca n't reform , you do revolutions . 
  it 's half a joke , half a truth . 
  the traditional main parties being in loosing positions is somewhat explained by that . 
  most people agree on the need for reforms , but we reach consensus on that the french way ... 
  vegetarian food from a buddhist restaurant in vietnam . 
  my main motivation to eat vegetarian , oddly enough , is that i prefer the taste of vegetarian stuffs : /, 
  yes . 
  but good luck with that , i do n't see any european nation just abandoning its sovereignty now . 
  if there 's an european federation , it would require a very lax definition of * federation * . 
  * we have some unused tools to deal with that ... * being federal would n't work if european nations do n't retain sovereignty , at least the traditional appearances . 
  if a nation want to keep its monarchs , well , that 's their money . 
  lots of asian stuffs , because wife is asian, 
  * breakfast : chocolate cookies and coffee * lunch : salad with sauce , vegetarian steak * diner : rice and roasted chicken from sunday 's meal, 
  those days , walking with my son , gardening , tinkering . 
  belarus , the place seems very depressing . 
  too much french people in england , especially in london . 
  if you go in france , you might feel we have tiny cars . 
  you will see a lot of berline like citroen c3 or c4 , renault clio , peugeot 206 , etc. 
  fuel efficiency is an important factor , and having a suv is a major pita in many cities , which were built way before car existed : small roads , small streets . 
  those cars cost around 15000 euros , which is a bit less than 1 year of the national median income . 
  not much * capital is belgrade * nikolas tesla identified as a serb * they are considered to be slavic people * the wwi was a national disaster for the serbia , to a greater scale than most most of the other involved nations . 
  what a fighting spirit , tho . 
  * serbia went for gung-ho nationalism during the breakup of yugoslavia , with disastrous consequences, 
  filter coffee , no sugar or milk . 
  i usually buy italian brands of grounded coffee . 
  instant coffee is only when there 's nothing else approaching the concept of `` coffee '' . 
  * greatest : maybe charlemagne , henry iv ? 
  it 's hard to hear anything negative about them . 
  they were mad , as in , clinically insane . 
  most well known , yes . 
  but popular ? 
  he was kinda the `` bling bling king '' . 
  university tuition is a flat 300 eur/semester , no matter which university it is , which major it is , and at which level it is . 
  if you do a phd , you get paid , i was getting 1500 eur/month . 
  you can get a public university dorm room for 150 eur/month . 
  food is subsidized as well , you eat for 2 eur/meal . 
  you can get subisidies if you are from a low income family . 
  i was paying that by working during the summer , doing typical student jobs . 
  i was doing some tutoring , but no regular job while i was studying . 
  getting a loan for studying is something i could not even imagine back then . 
  the best schools are the public one , here . 
  not sure if it 's unique , but the meal is a grilled sheep with green beans . 
  chocolate eggs are hidden in the garden , and kids are looking for them . 
  we tell the kids them it was dropped by flying bells . 
  every day , they are locals to the town . 
  i live in a small town ( 3k people ) close to a major city ( 250k people ) . 
  one of the strange thing about living in china , for me , was the lack of diversity . 
  i grew up with people of all shades of skin around me . 
  bordeaux ... 
  earliest traces of settlement : 300 ad , by the bituriges vivisques , a celtic tribe . 
  so my city is roughly 2300 years old . 
  i think it started as a village built over a swamp , and its original name is suspected to mean just that , * swamp village * . 
  most of city center is much younger , with buildings being 300 years old or less . 
  there are a few pieces of wall dating back from the roman empire , circa 200 bc . 
  there also some traces of the walls built during the `` barbarian '' invasions during the end of the roman empire . 
  the major meeting place is a big column , finished in 1902 . 
  people were living in the area since palaeolithic . 
  10/10 for doing the effort ... 
  but my ocd inner self would brace itself for a bit of pain . 
  i know it 's bad , ocd is pain anyway -_-, 
  in paris , it 's quite popular , because there 's a big vietnamese community with plenty of places serving pho . 
  in most other part of the country , pho is harder to find , or not prominently advertised : it 's generic `` asian '' restaurants serving run-of-the-mill asian dishes popular in france : fried spring rolls , fried rice , etc. 
  compared to 20 years ago , there are more restaurants advertising themselves as vietnamese , not chinese , and have distinctly vietnamese dishes . 
  as more people traveled to vietnam for holidays , people get a better idea of what is vietnamese food . 
  tl ; dr : not yet , but getting there, 
  no , the garden , the terrace and the workshop/storage offers more enough space to hang our clothes . 
  our mild climate helps a lot . 
  my parents used to have a dryer , but they figured out that hanging clothes worked just as well . 
  one factor might play out here : the climate . 
  here , we get about 2000 hours/year of blue sky , and it 's rarely freezing . 
  i guess , for those people , anal sex and muslims goes in the same bin ? 
  they have repressed desires of anal sex with muslims ? 
  who knows . 
  from op , i quote  they better love kebabs and anal sex if they do n't vote properly . 
  i do love kebabs . 
  the anal sex thing is just a mix of sexual insecurity and being scared of what they do n't understand .
