rub it in our face , will you ? 
  finnish , english and swedish . 
  also enough german that i would n't starve ... much . 
  close . 
  every year they ( eto , ei-turkulainen osakunta from tampere ) go to the border of turku , drive a wedge into the ground and then go to the market place and jump around for a while , hoping to separate turku from the mainland . 
  a couple of years ago they also started throwing a bucket of water from tammerkoski to the aura river , hoping to eventually food the city . 
  yeah , i 've been to england , and oh boy , london on a perfectly ordinary friday night was ... let 's just say that i 've drank my share and then some , and you guys really know your shit when it comes to drinking . 
  but yes , i forgot coffee . 
  we love it a lot , though the quality might be shocking to a coffee connoisseur . 
  black tar-like substance that has spent way too long in the pot ? 
  yeah sure , gim me some !, 
  stabby-happy knife enthusiasts with a raging alcohol problem , also excellent schools , high taxes , nokia phones and socialism . 
  inferiority complex regarding sweden , also quiet and reclusive . 
  and of course , simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 and the winter war . 
  some are spot-on , such as the alcohol problem . 
  we really do like our booze , but less and less all the time . 
  sweden . 
  it 's a bit of a cop-out because sweden and finland are so similar , but i do n't care . 
  so yeah , swedebros , i like you . 
  of course , when ice hockey is concerned , none of this applies . 
  history lessons in school , books and news articles , and although i was a bit young to understand politics back in the 80 's , the soviet union was our neighbor , and even i understood as a kid what it meant . 
  i did n't know any hard line communists , but there were plenty of them before the fall of the su . 
   now think of your knowledge of and access to what happens to your paper slip once you put it in the box . 
  the idea behind why you can generally trust paper ballots in civilized countries is this : there are officials from all parties doing the counting . 
  you can cheat , sure , but the risk is too high when everyone is watching everyone . 
  also , the size of the conspiracy required to actually accomplish election fraud with paper ballots is huge , as opposed to evoting where at worst it takes one sysadmin . 
   so basically 99.99 % of the population does n't have the knowledge to check , and even if i have the knowledge i still have to blindly trust the government that the crypto they said they were using does what they claim . 
  short answer : no fucking proof . 
  you are correct . 
  this is one of the key arguments against evoting . 
  edit : see my other post , i expand on this a bit there . 
  the research community on evoting is slightly against it , if such a generalization can be made . 
  while evoting has its proponents , even they note that it has weaknesses which can not be remedied . 
  those who advocate it usually think that the pros outweigh the cons , and that certain margin for error exists in all systems , including paper ballots , so they can live with it as long as precautions are taken . 
  this group includes myself , with certain restrictions . 
  i 'd never use evoting for national elections , as the risks for abuse grow significantly when there is a lot of power at stake . 
  those who are against it are often opposed to the very idea that voting in democracies would be done with a system that is so complex it takes a bunch of phds to actually fully understand , design and implement it . 
  the layman has no fucking chance to understand how the system actually works , and why the results are correct . 
  so , it is not as clear-cut as one might think . 
  source : working on my phd in information security , have studied evoting protocols and cryptography , read a bunch of papers for and against, 
  short answer : math . 
  while not perfect , cryptography is the fucking tits . 
  if you want a long answer , it 'll take some time . 
  pki , while all nice and dandy , does n't help against vote buying / voter coercion . 
  also , voting platform security is an issue , and no amount of handwaving ( `` we have numerous safeguards and failsafe mechanisms '' ) will remove it . 
  it 's roughly around three times as much as in estonia for us . 
  a case of beer ( 24x0 ,33 cans , 5,4 % ) of beer costs around 13 $ in estonia , and a comparable price in finland would be ~ 35 $ . 
  losing to the germans in the beginning of wwii , not that much of a shame . 
  they kicked everyone 's asses at first . 
  losing to tahiti , well ... 
  nah , she 's just one nutjob , albeit being the minister of the interior . 
  she ca n't push any of her agenda to the legislature because it will be shot down immediately . 
  well , it makes for some pretty odd bedfellows , that 's for sure . 
  the leftist parties have had some difficulties explaining some of the decisions made by the right-leaning coalition . 
  she 's talking about medical practitioners performing abortions against their personal beliefs . 
  -  `` you must always follow the finnish law , we have no such situations where , under threat of ( criminal ) sanction , you are forced to act against your own conscience . '', 
  pretty quick damage control . 
  damn , should 've used something harder to translate . 
   google translate does a pretty good job , but with finnish it often breaks down quite hilariously . 
  probably because english makes it more accessible for everyone . 
  it 's harder for people to chime in to random discussions when they do n't understand what you 're writing . 
  yeah , national subs are better for stuff like that , would n't you agree ? 
  i learned american english on my own from different media sources . 
  in school , i was taught british english . 
  because i learned american first , my pronunciation stayed that way , regardless of the attempts of my teachers through the school system . 
  in case you took personal offense on my explanation , remember that it 's a figure of speech , a more explicit version of `` because i can '' , and not directed at you . 
  if you understood that and still took offense enough to write that , well ... 
  i suggest a more positive outlook in life , it 'll get you further . 
  the pirate party . 
  why ? 
  because fuck you , that 's why . 
  i can not vote for most of the finnish political parties without feeling a bit dirty . 
  although they have pretty much no political experience and can be ( rightfully ) blamed to be a one trick pony , they care about the right things which matter to me . 
  and given a chance , everybody can learn politics . 
  i 'd rather give that chance to someone new than vote for the new boss , same as the old boss . 
  30 $ / month for this . 
  i 'll manage . 
  i do n't know anyone who has used performance-enhancing drugs , at least for the purpose of studying . 
  i have gone with coffee , cigarettes and alcohol . 
  while alcohol is bad for your cognitive functions , i 've found that being sightly buzzed helps me to relax and write a lot faster and better , although you have to proofread what you have done the next day . 
  edit : energy drinks , people consume huge amounts of those , although the trend has been declining for the last 5 years . 
  or i 'm getting too old . 
  you sound just like a person that will in the future make good contribution to the pissing contest i mentioned before . 
  except mathematics . 
  any even moderately complex topic on math seems to be a pissing contest between math phd students on who can write the most complex and condescending , yet technically correct explanation . 
  it is fucking infuriating . 
  1 $ here . 
  yeah , not exactly what google translate gives , and that 's the point . 
  i was just making a point to the guy above that if he 's a finn , i 'm vladimir fucking lenin . 
  it should be 3600 l * 1000 ml/l to add up correctly . 
  this was famous indeed back then , for all the right reasons . 
  even if you could hold a straight face during the verse , the chorus was when even the best of us finally broke down in laughter . 
  yeah , good times . 
  making tax evasion harder is one of the key reasons why this practice is in use . 
  transparency trumps privacy in this case , in my personal opinion . 
  i still remember going to school the next morning . 
  the accident was pretty much everything that was discussed that day . 
  and as many of us were often traveling on boats between finland and sweden , it felt that it hit home . 
  turku represent !, 
  beautiful day today , also redditing at the office .
