what are you talking about ? 
  russia always sold gas and electricity to baltics by the market prices . 
  russia has used all kinds of tricks to take advantage of those states in regards to gas and electricity . 
  the ownership unbundling of the eu 's 3rd energy package was actually aimed at stopping the bullshit treatment that those states received . 
  i 'm also reminded of the druzhba ( `` friendship '' ) pipeline to lithuania being cut and russia refusing to repair it , instead insisting that gas be transported by sea , which is coincidentally much more expensive . 
  the baltic states would love it if russia was a stable supplier only interested in fair market transactions , but alas . 
   countries already in nato most certainly do n't face a threat from russia . 
  that 's just paranoia . 
  some of them absolutely do . 
  it 's actually kind of amazing that you 're asserting the opposite . 
  russian foreign and energy policy towards the baltic states has not been friendly . 
  i 'm glad we 're not capitulating to russia , so at least we 're both happy !, 
   well yeah , she was . 
  heh , knew you were from the_donald . 
  you can still think she would have started every war possible , but hillary clinton would have reacted in probably the exact same way to this issue as trump did . 
  i 'll leave you with that . 
  does n't change anything i said . 
  trump supporters somehow tried to pin donny as a dove and hillary as the harbinger of world war 3 . 
   the irony is a lot of trump supporters do n't support the move . 
  trump supporters frequently told us that he was a dove and would n't start anything in syria , whereas evil hillary would look to start every war she could . 
  mexico is in a weird limbo . 
  it 's sometimes included in north america , sometimes not . 
  most americans would consider mexico as part of north america , but `` north america '' has also become a polite way to combine canada with the usa without upsetting canadians . 
  what about a coffee beer ? 
  i 'm always told by professors and the like that nuclear energy is the safest energy resource . 
  but a lot of the general public all over the world still oppose it . 
  it 's kind of like how flying on a plane is much more safe than riding in a car , yet more people are scared of flying . 
  fukushima , chernobyl , mile island , etc. 
  all play a role in this perception . 
  lithuania wanted to continue its nuclear program , and it makes a lot of sense for them to do so in order to reduce dependence on russian supply , but iirc there was a referendum which rejected the plan . 
  i 'm new to this region , but this is what i 'm told happened . 
  russia will always be a powerful player in this field , but there are ways that the baltic states can diminish russian strength and foster competition between exporters . 
  a lot of steps have already been taken , as far as i know . 
  lithuania has sort of led the way because russia has been particularly cruel in regards to energy prices with lithuania . 
  the lithuanians built an lng terminal in klaipeda which can actually serve a good chunk of the energy needs of the entire baltic region , with norway supplying much of the gas ( in the future , even america could supply some gas there ) . 
  i do n't live in latvia or know * too much * about it , but i do know that you guys very recently separated the transmission of energy from production , i.e. 
  breaking up the monopoly of gazprom ( basically what estonia and lithuania did recently too ) . 
  and while that 's not the be-all-end-all , it 's still a very important move as you get more energy independence . 
  that is changing somewhat . 
  the baltic states have been breaking up gazprom 's monopoly , particularly in the transmission of energy within the countries . 
  yokel is usually a derogatory term , by the way ( at least in american english ) . 
  a more mild term could be `` guy '' !, 
   and did you read my comment ? 
  you keep trying to throw my own words back at me , but it 's not making any sense . 
  of course i read your comment . 
  my comment directly responds to the point in your post . 
  c'mon , man ... `` thick and inconsiderate '' because i `` failed to adapt '' by not saying the word `` football , '' which must be so much better than the word `` soccer '' because who knows why . 
  again , thanks for that . 
  this is the attitude i was talking about . 
  were you reading my posts ? 
  i guess i have to quote myself yet again :  some people call the sport `` soccer . '', 
  some call it `` calcio . '', 
  some call it `` football . '', 
  we 're all playing the same game with the same rules , there 's no problem here . 
  the sentiment of `` call the sport football , this is europe hurhur '' is exactly what i was posting against . 
  love how i 'm a yokel for thinking that people can call the sport whatever they want . 
  i knew some immature people would get upset about it , but i expected better than typical / r/soccer reactions out of this subreddit . 
  thanks for illustrating why i made my original comment . 
  italy !, 
  hey , this is an angry thread , so i guess it does echo !, 
   and to be honest , you sound quite upset . 
  damn right . 
  american who has lived much of his life in europe here . 
  way too many people say something when i call the sport `` soccer . '', 
  guess i struck a chord here . 
  sorry , man . 
  main point is :  some people call the sport `` soccer . '', 
  some call it `` calcio . '', 
  some call it `` football . '', 
  we 're all playing the same game with the same rules , there 's no problem here . 
   does he sound upset ? 
  `` impressed '' implies a value judgement . 
  some people call the sport `` soccer . '', 
  some call it `` calcio . '', 
  some call it `` football . '', 
  we 're all playing the same game with the same rules , there 's no problem here . 
  edit : edited post because people seem to think i was insulting the guy . 
  does it normally upset you that people do and say things differently from you ? 
  well , she was born in skopje . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure i 'm buying op 's story unless he lived in a super weird place . 
  `` freedom fries '' was not enforced anywhere except in the cafeterias of congress . 
  some reflexive cringe : in my first month in luxembourg , i went to a mall . 
  someone said `` moien '' to me and i replied with `` adi ! '', 
  they gave me a weird look ... got back home and realized how stupid my response was ... :d, 
  to play devil 's advocate as an american , atlanta ( the capital and main city of the state of georgia ) did host the summer olympics during the 90s . 
  and in macedonian and lithuanian . 
  probably common all over eastern europe . 
  granit xhaka of switzerland and taulant xhaka of albania , both born in switzerland , are brothers and played against each other in that game . 
  luxembourg ai n't in there , but that just means that lithuania can reassert its own grand duchy . 
  balkan immigrants have taken over and colonized switzerland . 
   yes , there are some rich place but most places are n't . 
  thus is life . 
  not everyone is rich . 
   plus , in 2017 there is no excuse for someone living in a developed country to not have a passport . 
  having no desire to travel internationally is a perfectly fine excuse . 
  funnily enough , canada also had really low passport-possession rates about a decade ago , that is until passports started to become practically required for travel to the united states . 
  not sure your linkage of development and passport possession really holds water , unless canada only recently became a developed and modern nation . 
  beyond the racial comment , he 's right on the money . 
  first of all , the passport is a big roadblock . 
  a majority of americans do n't possess a passport , and although there are ways to go to canada without one , it is the easiest id to use .
