  besides , to be frank , there are more attractive destinations for tourists than most canadian cities . 
  and i get that your post was somewhat defensive , but in regards to your last sentence , i do n't get that sense from most canadians . 
  impressive coordination , to be honest , but it should be relatively easy to track down a group as large as 120 people . 
  this difference seems so petty as to be irrelevant . 
  the terms are pronounced exactly the same , and english tends to avoid gendered nouns anyway . 
  as with the rest of these spelling errors , it 's because the words in question sound identical when spoken . 
  `` and '' and `` in '' sound identical in many dialects when spoken at a faster pace . 
  sometimes `` and '' is even devolved to `` n '' in intentionally folksy writing , i.e. 
  rock n ' roll , mac n ' cheese , guns n ' roses , etc. 
  it 's getting tiring because your responses have been all over the map . 
  right now you 're strangely trying to negate the importance of pre-columbian american history on the flimsy basis of `` no recorded history . '', 
  my original comment was rather clearly talking about the nations themselves , because the existence of a german or italian nation before the early 19th century is a legitimate question . 
  it 's really hard to speak in exact terms because quality of life and cost of living differs by country / state and even region on both sides of the pond . 
  but i feel quite confident in arguing that one side does n't `` suck like hell '' compared to the other , unless perhaps you 're comparing the worst to the best ( say , rural alabama to luxembourg , or rural romania to northern virginia ) . 
  you 're setting very narrow goal posts here , but why ? 
  i was responding to a post that said `` country , '' to remind you once again . 
  ... but then you 're comparing the history of a * land * to the history of a modern country . 
   usa is great for tourism , but living there?would suck like hell compared to eu now , let 's not get too circlejerk-y . 
  you see , despite your flair , this post is actually pretty nationalist . 
  you 're asserting a unified german or italian entity at a time when there really was n't one . 
  not when the post i was responding to specified `` country , '' which was the whole point . 
  ah , a refreshingly nationalist conception of history , never see that anymore !, 
   i 'm being tongue-in-cheek here , if it 's not obvious , but there 's a point there . 
  do n't see how that changes my statement . 
  those restaurants would also be older than germany and italy . 
  your response to him escalated things more imo , since you tried to actually justify the joke ( `` look at the shitty beers most americans drink '' . . as if shitty lagers are n't also chart-toppers in most eu countries ) . 
  in short , [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe's_law ) . 
  that subreddit is the perfect example of it . 
  how old does that make italy and germany , then ? 
  a good rule of thumb : if you resort to responding to a flair , your argument is n't strong . 
  alright , think that says it all . 
  cheers . 
   splitting hairs . 
  a simple spelling mistake is `` important any context , '' yet pointing out the difference between similar and identical is `` splitting hairs '' ? 
  you said `` similar , '' and followed it up with an example that was n't really congruent . 
   i disagree . 
  language constructs exist for a reason , using the wrong words takes away meaning from what one is saying . 
  sure , with a single mistake the meaning will likely still be recognizable , but what if a second or third comes along ? 
  i have already read a couple of posts here on reddit where it was simply not clear what someone wanted to say . 
  this is only really applicable in formal contexts . 
  sure , you should n't write `` would of '' in an essay because it is incorrect spelling . 
  but it 's actually a bit of a pet peeve of mine when people ` correct ' this mistake on places like reddit or in texting . 
  the mistake is usually a brain fart anyway and the correction usually contributes nothing to the conversation . 
  it 's not really an american thing . 
  `` whom '' is rare in most varieties of spoken english . 
  despite being practically dead in every-day language , `` whom '' persists because it is frowned upon to end sentences with prepositions in most forms of written english . 
  they sound identical . 
  most people who make that spelling mistake do so as a brain fart . 
  either way it 's not a big deal unless you 're writing in a formal context . 
  of course . 
  not sure why you thought quoting the song again would change my mind . 
  it 's very obvious . 
  tesla was clearly navajo . 
  he was always saying * y\u00e1 ' \u00e1t ' \u00e9\u00e9h * to everyone . 
   who claim a beer in your garden under a danish flag is what it 's all about to be danish . 
  which is stupid because obviously there needs to be bacon too . 
  are y' all the americans of europe ? 
  to be fair , it 's pretty clear by pure context that he 's referring to the irish case specifically . 
  i clarified that loanwords are n't illegitimate and then suggested an english word you were looking for . 
  i never told you that you are wrong . 
  no need to get hostile . 
  well then there ya go . 
  maybe you mean colloquial . 
  most speakers would use the word in every-day life , but might elect to use a more prestigious word in formal situations . 
  colloquial words are still genuine words in a language . 
  slang is usually very informal , something that even most other speakers would n't understand or use . 
  loanwords are still words in your language , even if they are recent . 
  i do n't know the exact etymology of the english word `` simple , '' but it looks like a loanword for us too . 
  i get the joke behind this meme , but if `` simppeli '' is the word that finns use in most circumstances , that should be the one listed . 
  not true . 
  i 'll give you a chance to clarify , but it 's unrelated to the topic , so i 'll ignore it otherwise . 
  that statement was idiotic and so was the last statement in your previous post . 
  puzzled as to why you 're even mentioning trump now too . 
  took them a long time to decide that , it seems . 
  soccer was still a normal term for the sport in the uk up until around the 1970s . 
  other english-speaking countries embraced the term because they developed indigenous forms of football . 
  i personally think that anyone who gets up in arms over the name of a sport needs to reevaluate their fandom . 
  who gives a fuck what you call the sport so long as you 're playing it ? 
   just because america is so self centered does n't mean their dialect has any kind of importance to the rest of the world . 
  the question of which dialect is more important is useless since they 're mutually intelligible . 
  but you should relax the hate boner a little bit , as this statement i 'm quoting is pretty stupid . 
   the difference being the british invented the sport and all the terminology the british also invented the term `` soccer '' ... 
  [ still some salt from 1976 , i guess . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judgment_of_paris_\\ ( wine \\ ) ), 
  you got me binge-watching this channel now !, 
  citation needed ... 
   their language is not recognised as a language by a international norms . 
  citation needed . 
  i 've seen no indication anywhere that belarusian is n't recognized as a language . 
  actually , territorial integrity was greece 's main issue with macedonia when it first became independent . 
  pm mitsotakis said that his main concern was that macedonia would try to court and radicalize the slavic minority in greek macedonia . 
  that 's a moderate threat , and this is the reason why macedonia amended its constitution to greece 's liking in the interim accord . 
  greece has since been ignoring its own pledge in the interim accord and now the dispute is almost impossible to solve . 
  `` cultural appropriation , '' as you put it , is exactly why the dispute has been in limbo for years . 
  it 's unclear . 
  what 's the benchmark for future talks ? 
  the name is completely irrelevant , as you implied . 
  this dispute is a great example of how shitty foreign policy can really hurt a nation ; this dispute should have ended in practical/geopolitical terms once territorial integrity for both sides was guaranteed and protected . 
   we want mutual respect based on our common past . 
  this is what the region as a whole * needs * , but i do n't know if people actually want it yet .
