  trying to define what rationality means is in itself a difficult debate to have , even if i suspect we would personally agree . 
   and now they 're divorced , so my dad now needs to get married in a presbyterian church since my parents ' marriage was never annulled completely ot , but there is a newfound market for anullments . 
  depending on the specifics , and if it really matters to him , the canonical process is n't impossible , i know at least two cases where an anullment was given a decade after the fact . 
   the sad part is that educated faithful catholics tend to think the church is perfectly rational . 
  the catholic church is consistent and theologically rational , especially compared with the rest which have pretty much just stopped being anything apart from `` whatever people like , but with jesus on top '' . 
  this does n't mean that it holds popular opinions or even opinions which i personally find appealing ( as a left-wing atheist , in particular , which means i 'm almost always at odds with most of their positions ) . 
  actually he does have a point . 
  those who share a certain degree of ethno-cultural background are obvious choices and should be considered first . 
  if something happened in spain i think portugal would have first and foremost the moral obligation to accommodate refugees , even if they were large in number , simply because the shared iberian background would make it much easier in the short , medium and long term . 
  not saying that this line of thinking applies to taking in refugees in small numbers , but if one thinks about situations where some tragedy motivates mass movement of a population i think that those with closer ties to that population are an obvious choice . 
  especially in may . 
  a may pole . 
  * slowly retreats *, 
  yes , you 're not quite organised . 
  he can say whatever the fuck he wants about the falklands and whatever shitty club he supports , whenever he is n't speaking * de cathedra * it matters little . 
  half the stuff he says that people go nuts about contains some silly little faux-pas like that . 
  yes , ghastly , that way it will completely drown the 104776e32 articles on the ussr , which what it should be all about . 
  the duda abides . 
  yeah , well , it 's a bit shitty of me in a way `` oh , let it be expensive so that the unwashed masses will not pollute it '' , but you 're right , what it has to offer will shape the market even without the price tag . 
  if one thinks of it , madeira is also in the atlantic ( closer though ) and is known for extravagant festivities and new years , so i suppose that tha azores could spare an island for that . 
  corvo , for example , heh . 
  ugh , i hope not . 
  the azores has much more potential than that imo , for many different reasons . 
  up until now it the tourism there has been relatively high-brow , mainly focused on those looking for natural beauty and historical settings somewhere in the middle of the atlantic . 
  let the man have good taste . 
  jk , this is one of those cases where the lack of natural borders between portugal and spain is obvious , the conditions are pretty much the same . 
  also , baetica olive oil was the famous one in rome . 
  of course not . 
  it 's hardly new . 
  likely not , at least those listening to am radio share your concerns . 
  last time i remember there were communist mayors in france and germany , not sure if in italy as well these days . 
  in portugal they rule over many cities , even when in the other elections they are not the most voted , part of the reason being that they have a reputation of doing good work at the city level , working with others whenever needed . 
  loures , a very big municipality in the greater lisbon , is ruled by a communist party mayor in local coalition with the right-wing psd ( current government ) . 
  well , i do not doubt you , and my comment is in good part tongue-in-cheek . 
  still , ireland , portugal , spain , they are all considered catholic countries - and indeed whenever there is the need to explain some shortcoming someone will throw some webnerian * die protestantische ethik * as an explanation - and they all have gay marriage , whereas northern ireland and germany do not . 
  i 'm cherrypicking , of course , but i 'm a bit tired of the implicit * kulturkampf * that uses `` it 's the catholic church ! '', 
  as the explanation for everything . 
  i 'm an atheist by the way , so it 's not a matter of faith for me . 
  it also depends a lot on what your reference is , i 'm sure that what you describe is true in germany but the overwhelming majority of protestants in portugal ( not that there are many of them ) belong to those american ( north and south ) denominations who set up radio stations , harp about `` accepting jesus as personal saviour '' and promote `` healing circles '' , creationism and all sorts of other lunacies which you will not find in the catholic church . 
  it 's the protestant influence in half of it , you know how backward they can be :d, 
  assuming he is portuguese it would simply be a matter of statistics : there are a lot of neo-liberal leaning portuguese nowadays , which explains the current government . 
  i would n't assume it 's about greece or greeks in themselves , it 's the politics of it , greece has become the boogeyman of the dire consequences that will befall all those who stray away . 
  i actually did n't said anything bad about portugal though since my comment was sarcastic ( all those countries have had gay marriage for years ) . 
  which means that the downvotes will have to be explained some other way , this time at least . 
   i do n't think anyone is saying it 's groundbreaking . 
  people mention the catholic church because it 's agains it and usually get 's heavily involved in politics . 
  so are most state and/or official churches in non-catholic countries . 
  some of them are so involved in politics that the head of the church is the same as the head of the country , but i suppose that can be dismissed as merely symbolic . 
  from what i have seen the catholic church did n't actually do much in terms of political pressure in this process , which makes sense from a purely practical and pr perspective . 
  it 's quite obvious that the catholic church is against it , but since most catholic countries in western europe were amongst the first to have same-sex marriage legalised it does n't seem that being `` traditionally catholic '' is in itself something that would negatively affect the outcome of the referendum . 
  i just said that , so i obviously agree , it is groundbreaking , but due to other reasons . 
  the way the title is phrased places undue emphasis on the relation between catholicism being the principal religion and the legal status of gas marriage , which does n't seem to exist ... well , actually i can see a point in it from now on , there seems to be some relation between catholic countries and favourable same-sex legislation . 
  when northern ireland eventually allows same-sex marriage i suppose that `` gay marriage finally approved in protestant ni '' is one way to put it , but i would n't agree that it conveys the adequate impression since protestantism in ni is very different from , say , sweden or germany . 
  catholicism in ireland also plays a role here of course , but it is due the very specific overtones religion has in ireland . 
  see my other comment in this thread , that is exactly what i mean . 
  if countries which are among the most catholic have legal gay marriage for years i find the way it was mentioned misleading in that it implies that something groundbreaking happened - which it did , but not because of some kind of originality in terms of catholic countries since the western ones have gay marriage already . 
  so did portugal and spain , which is why i fail to see the correlation . 
  that the sarcasm was missed just shows how little people actually know about the topic and how they mainly eat up preconceived notions . 
  if it was portugal or spain to have `` civil unions '' it would be proof of their unabashed servitude to the church , but since this is something that happens in one of those mythical places north of the rhine , well , there is no difference and it 's all good . 
  as for france it was always historically a catholic country and catholicism is the primary religion there . 
  if secularism is the criteria than portugal is also not a catholic country , which is something rather difficult to support . 
  ahh yes , in a catholic country , groundbreaking . 
  now we just need to have portugal , spain and france to get with the times . 
  seems we found the culprits , it was the galatians . 
  i suppose that just as other shows ( like `` big brother '' ) there are very different perspectives inside each country since people who like or dislike them live in such different worlds that they are unaware about what the majority view must be . 
  personally , and from the people around me , the eurovision contest was always filled with awful music , but i suppose that it remained popular at least until the early 90s even for those who disliked it ... not only was there little choice ( we had two tv channels ) but the fact that it was an european competition was interesting and people liked to see the judges vote . 
  reach the 90s and the joining of eastern european countries with their circular voting ( or perhaps the perception of it , not sure ) , then changes in how many countries participate per year , the adding of televoting and the simple fact that there is so much more to be seen as made the eurovision contest lose whatever appeal it once had , if if it was sort of a kitsch appeal . 
  so nowadays i do n't actually know anyone who actually sees it , but i 'm sure they are out there . 
  especially useful for prosthetic balls . 
   british media is often happy with exaggerating reports on any negative occurrence in portugal . 
  never quite understood why . 
  it 's not just in portugal , they have thing populist underbelly in all news reporting that does n't stop at tabloids ( but in tabloids it reaches unthinkable heights ) and most reporting is done with just enough jingoism to be slightly unsettling . 
  if by chance this was to happen in an international match and the family was from the uk there would be no end to it , you would have in-depth reports made in the most obscure ( pun intended ) ghettos in the lisbon area to showcase how the police is barely able to read traffic signs . 
  just think of what happened during the maddy trial , officers drank wine during lunch = = police force composed of alcoholics . 
  one ca n't take it to seriously , just consider it a national trait . 
  that said , jabadabutt below raises a valid point , even if i think the overall hard numbers show that the police in portugal is not at all violent compared to all others : our direct perception is likely different since most of us here are white and middle-class , so the perception of those living in the projects is likely very different . 
  as for myself , i agree with both : in my daily life as an upper middle-class twit ( ah ! ), 
  i have always had courteous dealings with the police . 
  during a period of my youth i was involved in a football supporter group ( closer to a firm in certain ways ) and i was always sure that the riot brigades would hit me non-stop if i just happened to be in the wrong place . 
  the same is true for most of my experiences in europe by the way . 
  a bit worse now , slightly surprised at the reaction , but ultimately irrelevant of course . 
  yes , not only men but `` binary people '' , whatever that means . 
  i was referring to her racial slurs mainly . 
  about that i also think it was in bad taste , but in theory i would n't object to events which were restricted to women , for some topics it makes sense . 
  the problem being that the opposite would also have to be allowed , and seeing how a barbershop in lisbon with a `` dogs allowed , women forbidden '' sign was invaded in protest that does n't seem to be well received . 
  i 've been thinking about it and while i find the whole thing absurd ... 
  i sort of get what she says about being unable to be racist . 
  i mean , what she said was objectively very racist , but while she can try to be racist i think that ultimately it fails since it does n't affect others , and this because the ability to be offended is also related with the overall social relations . 
  to put it bluntly : nobody gives a fuck about what she says and so it does n't carry the same weight . 
  i mean , i mostly find her comments in bad taste and partially funny , and perhaps this inability to feel an insult says something . 
  i 'm not defending her btw , i find the whole thing quite a bore to be honest , just sharing a thought . 
  roman society was not a single social pyramid ( like it tended to be in late antiquity and the middle ages ) , but many different pyramids at different heights ... a slave to the emperor was in theory lower than a citizen , but in practice yielded more power due to the social standing of his patronus . 
  some former slaves ( libertus ) had considerable fortunes and moved in high social circles even if they were barred from most political offices ( especially until the development of the imperial cult ) . 
  on mobile right now so i will not be able to write a lot about it , but king sebastian has been portrayed in a ( mostly ) deceptive way , most of it from 18th and 19th century sources who had more of a moralising objective than anything else . 
  he was king in a complex time , the war in africa was n't some kind of pipe dream ( most people seem to forget that portugal had possessions in northern africa since the 15th century ) and he was surrounded by hostile powers who had an eye in portuguese possessions worldwide . 
  he personally visited the country , maintained adequate ( but ultimately not sufficient , the role of felipe in the way reinforcements did n't arrive is still debated ) distance from his uncle in spain and in many ways tried to fight in the right fronts - but lost in that battle , after having one many others in three different continents . 
  the idea of him as completely dominated by the church , the hints at his homosexuality and other sordid details were made centuries after the fact by those who were looking back and ascribing to religion the reasons behind the decline of iberian nations . 
  yeah , that or the foundation in the 12th century are likely the only common answers , one marks the beginning of the country , the other the beginning of modern age . 
  this subreddit seems to be mostly about this topic these days , evil russians who were nazis and whatever can into nordic . 
  must be like mushrooms , it 's that time of the year .
