  for those in humanistic study path add clarice lispector and others . 
  we do have some literature from portuguese-speaking africa , likely more than you since we are more tied to that part of our history , mia couto for example , but it 's not comparable with brazil since of all the places we were in for better or worse brazil was the only that at a certain time was projected as a `` new lusitania '' , meaning that it is the one whose cultural language always was portuguese - in africa it is a national language and a cultural language of the elites but a lot of the countryside is bilingual . 
  that said it 's the fastest growing language in africa ( go figure ) , and do n't get me wrong , i am for having african literature in the curriculum ( as long as it has quality of course ) if not only to provide a better perspective about how portuguese is spoken in different continents ( something that brazil does n't really care all that about , but for us it 's important due to many different reasons ) . 
  that said , you will find that music is likely what people here hear the most from brazil . 
  mpb and the like for kids , caetano , elis , ivan lins , . chico buarque e vinicius for the slightly older ( and/or with good taste !, 
  wow , very similar to what i learned , uncanny !, 
  seriously though , there was a reform in the way grammar is taught , aligned with some new paradigm or whatever , that changed a lot of the traditional terms we learned . 
  this actually could be a different aspects of your question , the rate of changes in the education system in terms of the national language . 
  one additional thing we learned in portuguese was literature , if course , including metric analysis of poetry etc etc. 
  edit : cheating but this could be of interest for comparing what we teach here , even if it is the same language it could very well be that the teaching method varies wildly http://dge.mec.pt/metascurriculares/index.php?s=directorio&amp;amp;pid=16 . 
  this are the books in the national reading programme http://www.planonacionaldeleitura.gov.pt/escolas/livrosrecomendados.php?idlivrosareas=38 ( machado de assis is there , amongst others ) . 
  typical norway . 
  this was what i was going to write ; there seems to be an attempt to force russia out an `` european club '' since this helps a lot in making them more `` foreigner '' ( like `` the huns '' during ww1 , which would latter be also used by hitler to fight against `` the asian hordes '' ) , more often than not implying some kind of `` racial degeneracy '' ; the cultural production of russia is a strong part of european identity , and i for one am not ready to part with it . 
  if anything i find it rather surprising , i always thought he had a more * blut und boden * perspective , a `` rivers of blood '' kind of thing which stressed biological race . 
  apparently not , he is more of a right-wing imperialist with a view of `` britishness '' based on language ; here we also have both groups , which is interesting because they tend to strongly oppose each other ( the ones stressing racial background are not strictly against moderate eastern european migration , whereas they are adamantly against any and all african and south-american immigration - the opposite of those who hold a nostalgic view of a bygone empire ) . 
  tough luck mate , only nordics can get away with `` well yes we actually formally state our individual adherence to a religion which is or was until recently the state church but in reality we are all atheists '' . 
  as an irish i 'm afraid you will have to stick with `` hard-core ultramontanist catholic '' or `` casual catholic that merely goes to mass every week to pray for aborted babies '' . 
  in a more serious vein , defining practicing anything is complex , like you i know very few people who actually go to mass apart from sacraments like marriage or baptism , but when asked they will answer that they are catholic , and that should be what is reflected in this maps . 
  splendid resources , i 'll try to investigate the issue a bit to see if i can provide some additional insight in terms of what was the legal situation prior to 1978 , who knows , i might find something useful . 
  i had several friends and family members in macau , some of them macanese . 
  most returned after the handover . 
  in any event giving citizenship seems appropriate when one considers that macau has a completely different history than hong kong , and endured alone extremely violent attacks and sieges ( against the dutch , in particular , but others as well ) for four centuries - and the macanese population were without a doubt pivotal . 
  as the old motto said , `` city of the name of god of macau , second to none in loyalty '' . 
   due to there being no precedent in portuguese nationality law for a separate category of overseas citizen not a generally accepted one , no ... there was the concept of `` indigenous '' and `` assimilated '' in the xx century but it was applied to african colonies ; still , when they all became independent a law was created that restricted portuguese nationality to those with `` a portuguese grandparent '' , in practice meant to apply to the white population . 
  at that stage the old categories had been abolished , of course , but portuguese official policy in the xx century was to remove all references to colonies and consider everything `` overseas provinces '' , which indeed does without a separate category . 
  there was no marocco when we conquered ceuta and other north african strongholds in 1415 , ceuta itself was part of different political entities in the previous decades , some of which even based in present spain ( like the * taifa * of murcia ) . 
  that said , if we are going that way ceuta and the surrounding area was part of the * hispania * roman province somewhere in the third century as part of a reorganisation that created * mauretania tingitana * , and after that it was ruled by vandals as part of their north african kingdom . 
  now , this can all sound irrelevant , but here 's the thing : ceuta was part of the visigothic kingdom up until 709 ad , when it was overrun by the umayyad expansion and it was from there that the governor told the moors that invading iberia itself would be a great idea , something that they did in 711 . 
  since iberian kingdoms were forged during the * reconquista * their ideological foundations obviously revolved around expelling the muslims and reconquering their land ; in this vein what separates ceuta from anything else are roughly three years - actually less since when we took it in 1415 there was still a good part of spain which was still under muslim control , so ceuta was * a century less * under muslim rule than , say , granada . 
  the conquering of ceuta was something whose motivations are still debated in modern portuguese modern history classes , since it was a move which was bound to motivate decades of fighting and expenses ; still , it was maintained at great loss and after some years served as basis for portuguese expansion into north africa with afonso iii . 
  that spain currently has it is an historical footnote derived from the governor of ceuta being the only one in the entire portuguese empire which sided with spain after the end of the `` dual monarchy '' - i think partially because all the supply logistics was dependent on spain and it was seen as possible that should it end moors would take it so essentially he did n't change the flag back ( well , symbolically , because the flag [ never changed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_ceuta ) ) . 
  that said , [ mazag\u00e3o ] ( http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/mazag%c3%a3o_%28marrocos%29 ) in the west coast of morocco is an example of a stronghold which remained portuguese till the end of the xviii century , [ along with others ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conquest_of_ceuta#/media/file:portuguese_morocco.png ) this is the historical background . 
  whatever one 's opinion i find it interesting that some are always so eager to look back at muslim domination of iberia as a `` dialogue of cultures '' and refuse to use the term `` invasion '' or `` reconquest '' because `` they had the same rights has everyone else '' seem to forget that when talking about ceuta , reverting to the most blatant racism there is ( `` ceuta is moroccan because it is in africa and the population that surrounds it is berber '' ) . 
   the extent to which the greeks get a deal or do n't get a deal will impact spanish and portuguese politics . 
  exactly . 
  as i said in some other thread it is no wonder that the governments in portugal and spain are the most adamant against any negotiation with greece : they 've built their entire programme around the complete inevitability of compliance with austerity , how any negotiation was impossible and that strict compliance - nay , going above and beyond what was requested - was the only `` responsible '' action . 
  in the case of portugal ( and spain perhaps , but i have no first-hand knowledge of the details there ) the political platform of the psd/cds government was actually the same as the troika : i remember very clearly that all the measures where seen as the cure , and in many ways the intervention was something that was gladly accepted , the idea being that it provided the perfect framework within which to implement the kind of measures that those parties thought were fundamental . 
  can you imagine having greece , whatever the differences for better or worse , showing that actually negotiations are possible ? 
  even worse , getting a better deal out of it ? 
  how would voters react in portugal and spain after seeing those who did n't vote for parties politically aligned with the current european ideological majority getting a better deal ? 
  it would have a violent impact on the traditional voting patterns , something which the eu is also eager to avoid , hence the bond buying and other measures , destined to at least try to make some indicators improve and provide the iberian governments with a modicum of statistics that shows that the policy worked , when in practice public debt has increased and many of those supporting the implemented policies either recanted and apologised or are being arrested for corruption . 
  i 'm from the `` radical left '' , as the current government likes to call anything left of the socialist party ( which is akin to labour ) , but i actually think that as time goes by the eminent downfall of the present government becomes less of a certainty : the socialists are basically betting on letting time go by without saying anything and it shows , most likely because if they said anything it would hardly be highly differentiating . 
  their bet on the new leader has not reaped the benefits most would expect and given that the eu is beginning to see that watching the social degradation getting worse and worse can lead to unexpected results the current government will start to reap the benefits of pan-european measures , and with that build a discourse around `` responsibility '' and the like ( which traditionally works well in portugal for many reasons ) , with an eye on turning portugal into something similar to an asian economy ( small labour `` overhead '' and no corporate taxes , lax labour regulations , `` at will '' employment , reduction of pensions and divestment in public healthcare and education , etc , etc ) . 
  and while i think this means a civilisational step backwards in many different areas ( education , health , worker 's right , etc , etc ) , hey , at least my etf 's and index funds will go up , which is , er , not bad . 
  yeah , you guys should really watch it , it is becoming quite hard to explain to our voters that we must support the luxurious life of finns . 
  more seriously though , and contrary to some others , i will follow with interest the electoral process in finland , thank you all for your comments . 
  edit : fuck me our ( current ) flag is horrid , looks like an explosion in the paint factory in the middle of a soothing celestial scenery . 
  we 're also in dire need of cleaning up entire banks . 
  why , we 'll foot the bill of course . 
  true , but i think that the * cesto da g\u00e1vea * ( crow 's nest ) nickname may derive from the word for penis and not the other way around , there are references to `` caralho '' in the xii century - and while we had ships at the time i think that it 's more likely that it took the name of a common word for something erected than the other way around . 
  that said , some idiomatic sentences like `` going to the caralho '' are most likely derived directly from the act of sending someone to the crow 's nest . 
  you 've quite right . 
  i 'm an atheist but sometimes i feel atheists around here are a lot like ex-smokers or apple users , they just do n't seem to be able to shut up . 
  also , the way two millenia of intellectual debates are dismissed as `` lol fairies '' seems a disservice to rational interpretation of the past and the present . 
  as i said in another thread , it does n't help that most atheists around here seem to be protestant atheists , and american-style protestants in particular ... it 's fascinating seeing atheists spewing bullshit like `` but it 's not in the bible !!!, 
  '' , implicitly adopting the theological perspective of their community but disregarding that said community constitutes less 5 % of christians . 
  as a `` catholic atheist '' this bothers me a bit . 
  that said , i personally find the bible a poor source of morality , but that 's another debate . 
  the answer will depend a lot on what are your own political views on this topics ... since i 'm quite to the left i remain sceptical across the board , but in terms of indicators there are some which i suppose are `` good for the markets '' : there is some ( minuscule as it might be ) growth , the interest rates of our debt is negative ( ! ), 
  in good part due to the eu quantitative easing thing and the government is committed in making portugal `` the most competitive country in the world '' , which means less taxes for corporations and `` reduced labour cost '' . 
  so , trying to see it from afar , these kind of neo-liberal measures are aligned with most of the eu economic policy and certainly will have an effect in increasing some kinds of investment and in particular to distance portugal from greece , etc , etc. 
  so if you favour this kind of policies i would say that the government is , barring some incompetence here and there , doing what one would expect ( except in terms of public spending , which despite the lay-offs has n't really decreased ) , on the other hand it remains to be seen what are the practical benefits in the short term , it could very well be that all the increases on taxation , privatisation and funding reductions in healthcare and education will result in an unsustainable situation . 
  unemployment has been fluctuating , slowly decreasing after peaking last year , but just barely . 
  yeah , it 's something which is happening quite a lot . 
  that said by description paints a scenario which does n't cover everything ... there are still middle and upper middle class families and jobs , of course , in all areas - they are just increasingly hard to find for those new to the job market . 
  well , i would n't say normal , but it is something which has increased in recent years . 
  the `` normal '' path was rather common , i.e. 
  go to the university or to the labour market , marry , leave house , have kids . 
  in general i would say that leaving one 's parents house to leave alone was for many reasons less common in portugal than , say , sweden , but it was n't exactly rare . 
  in any event the expectation was that ~ 25 people were `` on their own '' , had bought or rented a house , etc. 
  with the deterioration of the economic situation this changed : with ~ 50 % youth unemployment and with the other 50 % composed of call centres or minimum wage jobs ( ~ 400 $ , i think ) , tied with with the existence of a labour market which lives not on contracts but on `` temporary services '' arrangements which completely remove any kind of ability to project one 's live past the next month , many of those who had their own home have essentially lost it and returned to their parents - which is many cases were already footing the bill for any grandchildren they had ( not many , since we have the lowest fertility rate in europe and one of the lowest in the world ) . 
  when you consider that many austerity measures were directly aimed at those who retired the situation is even more complex : the removal of pensions directly affects three generations and with time will likely affect the ability of those three generations to pay for the only house they have . 
  so , in a nutshell , it was n't common before , but it is becoming increasingly so . 
  this is perhaps why portugal has one of the highest rates in of phds , while being mediocre in the rest : with nothing else in sight people try to get by using partial grants for research , or at least try to increase their market value by obtaining a masters or phd . 
  great stuff for other countries , mostly , since many end up going abroad . 
  in portugal there should be a `` average age for * returning * to parental household '' . 
  yes , this is a thing . 
  yes , unfortunately :( that said i used the term with something slightly different ( but related ) in mind : someone which in many ways still retains a rather radical discourse but which has been dulled by the `` discreet charm of the bourgeoisie '' , to use a cinematic reference ; i took inspirations ( obviously ) from the football world . 
  some prawn sandwich marxists are also champagne socialists , most champagne socialists are prawn sandwich marxists and all prawn sandwich marxists would like to be champagne socialists . 
  a big loss for germany , europe and the world . 
  he used to spend some time in portugal , where he had a house and a permanent art exhibit , so this adds a local flair to it which is however irrelevant compared with his literary dimension . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed the danzig trilogy , in particular die blechtrommel ( sp ? 
  ) , and was always fascinated by the way he vividly depicted german post-war zeitgeist . 
  his opposition to reunification is not separable from his birth in danzig and his upbringing in the height of nazism . 
  germany has this irritating tendency to produce intellectuals that have a pan-european and worldly perspective , which makes the prawn sandwich marxist in me resist all the anti-german rethoric which seems de riguer presently . 
  curiously i 'm part of those who think his choices when young actually add to his work and go very far in explaining the complexity of being raised then , as well as the national drama that unfolded after 44 - germania , anno zero indeed . 
  oliven\u00e7a , since it is the only terrestrial border which is not formally recognised . 
  this regardless of how one feels about the issue ( it stems from absolute irredentism involving deportation for some few - there are people with easy solutions everywhere it seems - to absolute indifference for most others ) . 
  that said , the recent nature of the event , the way it was done , the context of it and what was done afterwards all make it quite different from some nautical miles in mid-atlantic . 
  still , it 's hardly a daily matter , as you know , just mentioned it because it was apropos . 
  i do n't think that the selvagens thing was directly related to gibraltar , but one thing to consider is that people in spain have this quaint ideas regarding how we perceived them : due to several reasons ( some quite recent , e.g. 
  franco ) they tend to assume that we see them as they see themselves , when in reality we seem them as they see us . 
  sometimes i do n't have the heart to explain this in detail though , but when debating a similar issue with a spanish friend ( who as such avoids being overly crude ) he was a bit shocked to learn that not only we did n't really care about any perceived hostility , but especially because the reason was that it would be ridiculous to think that spain was making threats . 
  of course , nowadays the reasons are mainly good ones ( military threats between two eu countries is a bit pathetic , for one ) , but i remember feeling slightly guilty because he had obviously bought into the whole `` portugal is irrelevant and we are awe-inspiring '' thing they 've got going on , and it had n't occurred to him that the view from this side was so ... contrary . 
  which is , again , why these matters only get worse when dealt in public : spaniards will say `` jejeje we say what we want we do n't care about you , we will dispense our concerns with those as powerful as we '' and portuguese will say `` ahahaha look at those jokers , always with their silly games , who cares what they say - just say the opposite though '' . 
  neither is very constructive , the difference is that in general spaniards will say it more easily , while we apparently avoid it for some reason . 
  part of it is normal for any countries which share borders , another part is a bit unfortunate since it perpetuates skewed views . 
  all this to say that this affects how we perceive the events : for spaniards it is n't even posturing sinc they do n't even assume that it would be worth it , for us everything is inconsequential hand waving for giggles . 
  and unfortunately when things go public these sensibilities play a part . 
  truth be told , the more i read from eastern europeans in this sub the more i think that this mutual quasi-dispise is still more civilised than most others .
