  that debt increased during the application of the imposed austerity measures , so if debt is the main criteria for success there is little else to be said . 
   fuck that . 
  if we 're foregoing all debt , then i want my debt gone too . 
  why ? 
  if - and i 'm just following your overall train of thought - the greeks made a political decision and elected someone with a different approach , while we did the opposite , why exactly should we get our debt gone ? 
  would n't it be something that would follow from making different political options in the next elections ? 
  i understand the general idea but i think that what if - and this is just a scenario - the worst is n't behind us and the future holds constant and progressive worsening of employment , more immigration , etc ? 
  will we blame the troika for telling us what to do and ask for compensation , perhaps saying that they have direct political responsibility , or will we assume all the fault of not doing something different to begin with , while being looked down by all others for not being responsible ? 
  if we are to be rewarded by our political allegiance , should n't greeks be rewarded by their options if they work ? 
  it 's an interesting issue : doing what the troika instructs is a triumph of the troika and a vindication of their policies if it works , but a sign of weakness , lack of willpower and critical thinking of the countries if it does n't work , they should n't have just had blindly followed the troika . 
  everything you said is applicable the other way around , though , especially when you consider that indeed austerity governments will be able to use that example ... for example : the troika wants to turn this situation into an ideological war . 
  after having parties from their own political groups making the deals and implementing the policies that led to the present situation , they ca n't allow greece to get out of this in any way that would seem to indicate that greece was able to negotiate less harsh conditions , or they will prove that blindly saying yes to austerity is a viable path . 
  if the troika accepts greece proposals , those who think austerity measures are more part of the problem than the solution will be able to use that example of putting parties and movements which were not involved in the policies that lead to economic crisis to show that continuity politics is a dead-end which has been artificially maintained by the very same groups who defined the economic policies and the austerity measures . 
  this would meand the collapse of ruling parties which have based their entire campaign on the inevitability of saying yes to everything . 
  and the troika prefers to bankrupt greece and drive down salaries , pensions , access to healthcare and any remaining labour rights in the eu that to let that happen . 
  not saying this is the right version , and it surely is n't neutral , but i suspect that it contains nuggets of truth ( as does yours ) . 
  well , perhaps , but what you call `` running away '' would be `` being adventurous and exploring new opportunities '' if done by someone somewhere from more northern latitude . 
  a matter of perspective i guess . 
  you are right , sarcasm aside , that it is typical in the sense that we have for some time debated our place in terms of both europe and the former empire , and there is a tension which will likely gain new arguments if the eu stops being seen as something positive . 
  ... nor was pedro \u00c1lvares cabral , since we 're talking about south america . 
  yeah , it 's florian\u00f3polis , floripa is an often used short name , nothing official but at least i heard it plenty of times in daily usage . 
  great place actually , a bit different from other places in brazil while still being noticeably brazil . 
  i found stuff there ( traditions , arquitecture ) which is considered archaic here , in some ways it is interesting how some places seem to be a bit of a time bubble of sorts , mixing old and new . 
  nothing unexpected for a country of continental dimensions of course . 
  like we like it any other way . 
  even the golden ages were rough spots ffs . 
  well , we 've been doing this for centuries so it 's no surprise . 
  ibero-american is different enough to be a different thing of course , while similar enough for us to feel partially at home . 
  even with things i feel uncomfortable with i find it somewhat soothing to know that i could likely find a place in brazil with little effort , especially since one never knows when this european union we 've got going starts to crumble . 
  reasons are likely different for other europeans but more or less touch the same areas : there is an obvious similarity in many things while being sufficiently different to appeal to those looking for something new . 
  i find that there is this overly exotic image often sold to people of what south america is like . 
  i have family and acquaintances in rio , s\u00e3o paulo and floripa and while there is certainly a different , local veneer i would say that the daily experience of someone from the upper middle-class is not very different from europe in some essential ways . 
  except , for us at least , the sheer size of it . 
  wait until they emerge from the bunkers ... 
  you gayregional motherfucker you . 
  the tie fins are a particularly insidious group , i would be concerned . 
  do note that my comment was not exactly an endorsement but more a look into what voters likely thought . 
  from the perspective of natives - including benefit spongers - losing political exclusivity in national elections is likely seen as something which has little value . 
  this is not to say that all things considered it should n't be possible . 
  yes , exactly , that was the basis for my assumption . 
  i agree with that , but i 'm also assuming they vote on local elections . 
  the issue of national elections raises some concerns with which i can empathise with , even if i am in complete agreement with you on the social impact they surely have ( good and bad ) . 
  that 's something that only makes this result more understandable . 
  why give political rights to those who are there because they are economic migrants ? 
  makes little sense from the perspective of those who are considered natives . 
  that half the population is foreigner is another interesting topic , related to the particular specialisation some countries have found to fuel their growth . 
  edit : just saw this on rtp1 ( we probably have the largest coverage on luxembourg outside the benelux ) ; the portuguese community which is the largest seems to consider this as not a priority , and one of the representatives called it `` ridiculous '' . 
  this can also stem from the traditional lack of political participation that portuguese immigration has , but apparently the minister of justice there is of portuguese heritage so at least it seems that for those who care there are n't major obstacles . 
  this was the gist of most comments in the interviews , people just said that they knew how they should behave , the luxembourguese knew how they were ( i do n't even want to know what this means ) and what mattered was that everything was in harmony . 
  voting for the prime-minister did n't seem to be a major concern . 
  much worse , the 80s were really the 80s here for a variety of reasons . 
  what people should understand is that this policy was enacted in a country which is generally viewed as morally conservative ( although i would challenge that definition at least partially ... we 're a country which will legalize gay marriage and then view gays who fuck around as not following tradition values , not sure.if i 'm explaining it correctly , it 's an odd mix of progressive policies tied with conservative expectations ) , so this was.something born of sheer frustration and the need to do something . 
  the heroine addiction was simply reaching a state which was unmanageable , we all remember how it was like in casal ventoso and other parts of lisbon , just to give an example . 
  most people at least knew someone who was addicted and it was reaching middle and upper class youths ( which should n't matter but it does ) ... 
  i remember having stuff stolen from my house by my brother , who attended a public school ( in the british sense ) . 
  it 's not just that . 
  what you mention as sense of pessimism and inferiority stems from a sense of fatalism and superiority that finds the present as a poor representation of our idealised greatness . 
  this has been studied in philosophical terms - see eduardo louren\u00e7o and the concept of `` hyper-identity '' of portugal - since it appears to be a national trait that can be traced to the 14th century at least . 
  we speak the worst about portugal - we really do , fuck it , i do it all the time - partially because of our chronic pessimism and the ever.present feeling we are not living to our presumed potential , which being based in the idea of winning under awful odds and expanding an empire in all continents is bound to always fall short . 
  unamuno , the well-known spanish humanist ( well , we 'll known to some ) called us `` delayed suicidals '' and truly one of the biggest mysteries . 
  he was at least partially right imo . 
  the idea of coming here and sharing nice things about portugal - we 've won plenty of best destinations awards , are one of the hottest tourism trends , have very low crime , our universities produce some pretty decent grads who find jobs anywhere in the world , people are in general very friendly , etc , etc. 
  - is so completely alien to me that i never do it . 
  you 're correct , but the most common words is still holanda . 
  seems she was inoculated against the spanish ... 
  flu . 
  thank you , thank you . 
  leave us out of this mess , we are interested spectators but that 's it . 
  thank you !, 
  i am interested in this topics and i made a ( history ) paper about the relatively little known historical relations between portugal and the nordic kingdoms ( saying it like this because they had different configurations at different times , as you know ) , mainly focused on the presence of scandinavians in our north african battles but also including reaching newfoundland in a joint enterprise and the latter relations due to codfish . 
  you are correct , newfoundland was overfished and around that decade it would begin to have a change in the ecosystem which would actually end the cod there . 
  still , our effective fishing capacity was afaik very small when compared to the factory trawlers that really driven the overfishing ( [ here ] ( http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/pesca_do_bacalhau_pelos_portugueses ) for an overview ) . 
  as i said it was n't that we were driven by ecological concerns but more a factor of the specific way cod fishing was organised since the '20s . 
  i 'm not sure about revolting , people did endure a prolonged period of war overseas and ultimately it was the military who revolted , but you 're partially right : the `` estado novo '' regime can be described as `` quasi-fascist '' or `` para-fascist '' since i personally subscribe to the idea that it had enough `` home grown '' characteristics to be different from italian fascism , but anyway it was based on a certain discourse and image of portugal deeply rooted in `` traditional values '' ; codfish played a part in this since there was still a fishing industry and because it was seen as `` people 's food '' . 
  with an embargo from norway the absence of it would have a certain impact , the failure to guarantee the very symbol of a certain way of life ( hard work , `` honest poverty '' , family values , imperialism ) . 
  not really , i think . 
  the catching areas are actually not in our eez but further up north . 
  our traditional fishing industry was based on a highly dangerous practice of having small boats ( called `` doris '' ) sail out and fishermen manually harpooning each fish , something which could n't compete with the factory trawlers which started to be the standard in newfoundland . 
  not that we would n't have fucked it up though , but in this case others beat us to it . 
  i am a firm supporter of fishing limitations in order to protect the sustainability of it , something fundamental in a country like portugal which is only behind japan in terms of per capita fish consumption . 
  it has a lot of symbolic value for many reasons , although not in the way you are thinking . 
  it was introduced during the age of discoveries by those fishing it in the north sea and became a staple due to the way it endured months in good conditions due to the particular salting process used ( almost nobody here eats fresh cod , unlike all other fishes ) . 
  it thus became highly symbolic of a certain period and speaking of cod fish is speaking of portugal . 
  it was something that traveled the country and thus completely common everywhere in portugal , which makes it something highly identitarian . 
  it used to be cheap so everyone was able to eat it and it has the nickname `` the faithful friend '' . 
  fucking up our codfish supply would be enough to leave the eu and join norway in that other thing they 've got going . 
  the introduction of sulphites in the eu approved list due to pressure from iceland and norway was a national scandal here which was debated in the parliament . 
  during our right-wing dictatorship at a certain point there was a threat of nordic countries doing an embargo , and the portuguese government had contingency plans to make deals with the ussr . 
  it was n't cut off because commerce continued through the venice and genoa , for example , but portugal and spain had a different take on it since they were forged in the reconquista and while not adverse at making deals ( e.g. 
  the decade of truce in northern africa negotiated by king afonso iii ) had a different perspective on the whole thing : reaching india and expanding christianity were two faces of the same coin ( `` vimos em busca de crist\u00e3os e especiarias '' , as the well-known episode says ) . 
  this is also why venice and other italian city states echoed the interests of the sultanate , since they had a lot to lose by vasco da gama voyage , and why venice and ragusa actively participated in the immensely influential [ battle of diu ] ( http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/batalha_de_diu ) in 1509 , which would prove to be decisive in every way to make the indic ocean a `` portuguese lake '' for a century - and particularly so for d. francisco de almeida ( ditosa p\u00e1tria que tais filhos tem ! ), 
  who had lost his son in chaul years before in a defeat widely cheered in several european cities . 
  commerce and economic interests were not alien to the whole situation , neither for us or others . 
  this should interest you since it was part of the same movement which would make us reach japan and brazil , and in particular it was after the decline in the orient after the bloodshed of the dutch-portuguese global war that brazil became the main focus in terms of overseas territory . 
  indeed and as you know pedro \u00c1lvares cabral was part of the expedition to india . 
  if you care about this things at all i would urge you to make use of your portuguese to read the '' [ chonicle of the discovery and conquest of the guinees '' ] ( https://archive.org/details/chronicadodesco00zuragoog ) and [ `` d\u00e9cadas da \u00c1sia '' ] ( http://purl.pt/7030/3/ ) of jo\u00e3o de barros - the portuguese is a bit archaic and i 'm unsure if there are modernised versions , but there is nothing like it to get a feel of what happened . 
  [ letter from king manuel i of portugal to pope julius ii ] ( https://www.chiadoeditora.com/livraria/helicoide-axial-de-plano-director ) . 
  in this letter ( apologies , i only found the original in latin ) king manuel of portugal replies in 1505 to pope julius ii who had questioned him about some complaints from the sultan of babylon and cairo about the way muslims were being treated in the ( then ) muslim areas of iberia ( kingdom of granada in spain , portugal had finished the reconquest on his side and was in northern africa ) by spain and also in the trade routes in india by portugal . 
  in an obviously propagandistic speech he says that no quarters should be given , that the battlefront should be pushed to mecca if needed , that only unwillingness and lack of care could explain the lack of commitment of the other christian princes which are taken by weakness and lack of willingness , and that the centuries of fighting and great loss of life and material possessions are all that he needs to have all this for certain in what regards the will of the iberian kingdoms , in which he is completely on the side of spain ( something important for those who know the intense competition that would end up in the treaty of tordesillas ) in the fight against the infidels . 
  note that i 'm mentioning this out of historic interest , i am not moved by any particular hostility towards turkey and if anything the centuries of fighting make us understand the `` other side '' in a different way , but what you mention was something that was bitterly felt in portugal and spain at the time , countries which owed their very existence to the reconquista and which obviously saw the fall of constantinople in a very particular way .
