   but voting straight for the socialists has a certain ... honest element about it ? 
  it would have is one accepts your position on the issue of the compromises needed to make viable a left-wing government . 
  i personally think that * at the present juncture * it is important to demonstrate that there is a viable left-wing option , even within obvious constraints , since that would trickle-down to the near future in terms of how people interpret their options . 
  the kke is indeed our `` brother party '' in greece , not syriza . 
  that said , and as / u/pha3dra stated , there are differences which stem from the different historical experiences of both . 
  i would say that both are `` orthodox '' parties in the sense that neither adopted euro-communism , for example . 
  pcp seems to me a bit more , er , mellow , but while we had some very tense moments in 1975 we did n't have a civil war as greece . 
  i would n't throw the term `` revisionist '' around with such ease though , it 's rather loaded and more often than not serves to position those who use it just as well as the target . 
  that said , the pcp maintains the goal of s socialist society based on an advanced democracy and in which parties play a critical role - if this is `` reformism '' then so be it , but the party clearly states that it is marxist-leninist , adopts democratic centralism and dialectical materialism ( uff , what a mouthful ) . 
  the urban vs. rural dichotomy that / u/pha3dra mentioned must be contextualised : it 's more because the left bloc has an almost exclusive appeal to the middle-class urban populations and less so because the pcp does n't have an urban implantation . 
  actually , some of the biggest strongholds of the communist party are traditionally in urban areas ( the `` rust belt '' around lisbon , [ you can see the red areas around the capital ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-zpxgayxqny8/uknyyy-dhki/aaaaaaaacxc/wwzgrgjhti0/s1600/mapa.png ) ) . 
  what skews things here is that the alentejo region has , for historical reasons , a very , very deep allegiance to the communist party , and that is were the rural votes come into play . 
   i meant i heard it before in the exact same context and to `` justify '' the exact same politics . 
  which politics ? 
  i think you are likely assuming a previous context that i 'm either lacking or is n't directly applicable here . 
  what i 've said is a rather common ( indeed some would say essential and even defining ) fact of parliamentary democracy : parties have different approaches , views , positions and programmes and when the occasion arises there is the obvious need to make concessions in order to have a common programme that results in a viable government - unless it becomes some kind of subversive tactic when some parties are involved , whereas in other cases is a sign of parties which are ready for `` responsibilities '' . 
  in this case there are a number of reasons which i wo n't get to that make this concessions important in the medium term but that can be summed up by the right-wing radicalism of the governmental coalition which if unchecked will make dents which will last for decades . 
   if you care at all about things like that . 
  i care , but the parallel is rather forced imo . 
  the situation in portugal , including the parties and their background , is not the same . 
  that said , that parties in a position of power will change the way they interact with others is common enough . 
  the communist party has accused many others of populism , lack of responsibility , lack of rigour and lack of ability to make executive decisions in the context of the local elections ( which is where they hold executive power , as i said ) . 
   of course i do n't need to wait the pcp or some other party to miraculously find its way you seem to be assuming that there was some magical change of hearth after the elections , some drastic reversal of official policy ... this is not the case . 
  the objective conditions which arose after the election are different enough to warrant an added effort in terms of left-wing convergence , based on actual policies , and this is something that was always considered necessary . 
  to its credit the socialist party also made an effort which should be commended . 
   but i wonder , since it 's obvious they 're only keeping the name trying to aim to a niche market , i 'm not sure what you mean by this ... you seem to be attacking the pcp `` from the left '' , i.e. 
  accusing it of reformism and the like . 
  if this is it then i 'm afraid that they are around 30 years old and it was n't in this last elections that the situation changed . 
  maoist parties ( the ones which did n't merge into the left bloc , that is ) will side with you . 
  the programme of the pcp is published and assumes a road to socialism which will likely seem bland to you and to others which assume that such an `` orthodox party '' should be pilling the ak-47s . 
  this also vaguely reminds me of lenin 's writings on the `` no compromises ! '', 
  approach favoured by the `` german lefts '' at the time , albeit in a context which ca n't really be replicated today . 
   why not vote straight for the socialists since it 's their government you want to support ( to make life better for workers of course ) . 
  this does n't make sense at all and it 's self-defeating . 
  you seem to imply that any kind of compromise is useless and makes away with the need for left-wing parties when the reality is the opposite : it is the strength of the parties to the left of the socialist party ( including the pcp ) that is essential to allow a change in policy . 
  what level of concessions must be made at each juncture is a different matter , but to equate the ongoing process ( which , i stress , will almost surely _ not _ lead to an agreement of any kind ) to voting for the socialists is a view i find a bit crude . 
  i 'm sorry if it disappoints you , but i 'm sure you can find many other parties which adhere to what you consider true communism and that do without such `` nonsense '' . 
  in our case , and considering we have some de facto coalitions with psd in some cities where pcp rules , participation in democratic processes is not new nor particularly exciting . 
  as for the expression itself i 'm sure you 've heard it before since i would assume that anyone with even a cursory interest in politics would know it . 
  i did n't use it to be original . 
  it 's not special treatment , it 's an imaginative interpretation of the decisions - like , say , swedish position on joining the euro . 
  following the same principle we can say that all sort of things are * voluntary * , while the ones which interest us are binding  actually , why are you so worried about ? 
  most of the debate here affects the eurozone , not those outside it ... 
  i am in favour of participation in the government , more so than a parliamentary agreement ( which is by itself already challenging ) . 
  i think that this would obviously mean accepting that some important measures would have to be dropped but in the long-term i feel that this would benefit portugal and the portuguese working class more , even if it is risky . 
  pcp is not syriza and it 's not easy to make that comparison ; for one we have for decades maintained a strong presence in terms of local elections , particularly in the south and in lisbon where there are many city councils which are ruled by the communist party . 
  at the same time `` left bloc '' is the local equivalent of syriza . 
  in terms of agenda , sometimes one needs to step back once in order to push forward twice ; it 's obvious that some important allowances would have to be made but i 'm confident that we can make it clear that they are needed in order to break the current cycle of right-wing governments . 
  the [ programme of the pcp ] ( http://www.pcp.pt/sites/default/files/documentos/pcp_programme_and_constitution_approved_by_the_19th_congress.pdf ) ( pdf ) is probably not has radical as most people imagine ( to the chagrin of some ) , at least for a formally `` orthodox '' ml party . 
  that said , this is my opinion . 
  more realistically this will not happen ... it is a compromise which will most likely be considered dangerous and this will all end up with some further name calling : the socialist party will blame the left for the failure , the left will say that the socialist party did n't abandon right-wing policies . 
  unfortunate . 
  i thought that we had a possibility to make a drastic change for the future here , and one which would be so relevant that it can be seen by the histrionics and panic stemming from every right-wing corner right now . 
  well , i 'm all for it . 
  i still think it wo n't happen , but in any event it already changed the way national politics will unravel in the future . 
  while all countries which had an overseas empire share that sense of having more than one axis of empathy ( based on language , namely , but also religion , past history , etc ) , travelling within europe and then going abroad is all one needs to do to notice that the similarities outweigh the differences by a long margin , much more so that the vast majority of countries which can share a colonial past . 
  nowadays i do n't think we are particularly isolated , most people travel and i 'm not even mentioning emigration . 
  while most people will not know estonia ( their loss i 'm sure ) , they will know most of western europe . 
   to add a bit of context : in germany there 's a cottage industry of small programs to ship vulnerable/problematic kids temporarily out of the country . 
  that was the backdrop of the film ( almost a doc ) [ body rice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a5vifnukk8 ) , which is about how germans in the alentejo region in portugal ended up interacting and influencing the locals . 
  that said , in this case it was mostly the germans showing us drugs , not the other way around . 
  good times . 
  people who do n't like coffee can finally get a drink . 
  that said , i drank great coffee in ny . 
  it 's the `` cocktails '' that kill it for me , but the same places also sell good espresso so it 's not an either/or situation . 
  it is . 
  especially when one considers the recent past , this can be interesting to foreigners : the socialist party won the european elections , but the small margin was considered too small a margin since the right-wing coalition should have been defeated by a sound margin given the popular discontent with austerity measures . 
  costa challenged seguro and won the leadership , something that some considered a way to get in the leadership at the moment just before a sure victory in the parliamentary elections . 
  to lose now is certainly something which will make seguro laugh a bit . 
  myself , i think that the socialist party was a victim of their own discourse : having spent the last years hammering on the `` there was no other solution to the troika and austerity '' as a way to justify their government , they participated in the successful construction of the sense of inevitability of said policies . 
  having done that their last-minute reach for syriza was seen as hypocritical , and even worse was used as ammo when syriza became the example of what happens to those who do not follow instructions : the socialist party became associated with austerity measures and at the same time people just thought that if the same measures are the only possibility they might just as well elect those who are there and know the numbers . 
  in my experience there is n't much tradition in abandoning places all together ... all parties are nation-wide except the new ones . 
  the communist party has centres in all townships and as such , to give an example , they will always have local people doing posters , etc , etc. 
  even other parties who are less dependent on this will work in all districts . 
  how do you see that if i may ask ? 
  not that i personally do not live socialism , i 'm a huge socialism nut-rider , but that is , alas , not a majority view . 
  what made you assume we `` love socialism '' ? 
  the answers you are getting are being rainted by the relative ideological position of those who answer ; calling everyone `` socialist '' and `` left-wing '' is the same than me ( who vote communist party ) saying `` portugal is a deeply right-wing country . 
  since the carnation revolution in the 70s only right-wing parties or a `` left '' party that is in reality at most centre have been elected '' . 
  the usage of the `` socialist '' term seems to be imported from the us , a blanket term for everything which is n't the most right-wing sectors of the right . 
  to provide some context , let 's see where they sit in terms of european and internation political groups , even if there are differences between them it will at least provide some comparison : * psd ( social democratic party ) : part of the centrist democrat international ( like german cdu and french ump ) . 
  part of the european popular party ( like the ones before , and forza italia , and new democracy in greece ) . 
  * cds/pp ( democratic and social centre - popular party ) : member of the international democrat union ( republican party in the usa , cdu in germany , etc , etc ) , european popular party ( see above ) . 
  * ps ( socialist party ) : member of the socialist international ( german spd , spanish psoe ) , member of the progressive alliance ( labour party in the uk , etc ) . 
  part of the progressive alliance of socialists and democrats group in the eu ( labour , psoe , spd , etc ) . 
  * pcp ( portuguese communist party ) : member of the gue/ngl group in the eu ( die linke in germany , left alliance in finland , french communist party , etc ) . 
  * be ( left bloc ) : also member of the gue/ngl . 
  using this we can think of the last three decades as being of governments from conservative/cdu/ump , sometimes in coalition with other parties to their right , alternating with governments from the psoe/spd/labour , never in coalition with other parties to their left , and sometimes with government composed of both of them ( `` central block '' ) . 
  so , as you can see , the `` redshift '' that is being implied by the names is not real , or at least not because of the names . 
  china is the people 's republic of china and partido popular in spain can be translated by `` people 's party '' ... and i would n't assume that because of that it is left-wing . 
  while there _ was _ a strong left-leaning climate in the 70s after thre revolution that was not particularly hard to understand and above all it must also be seen in the context of europe at the time , we are today much more right-wing than before . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  even though in the last three decades governments were all from the two right-wing parties and the socialist party ( think , new labour ) it was decided that the real blame for the economic situation , appalling wages and declining social conditions that remember the dictatorships days is : * the communist party * the trade unions , particularly those who are n't yellow . 
  * the rest of the left-wing parties and movements nowadays you can sprinkle this with terms like `` the liberal left '' spreading `` cultural marxism '' partially i agree : i sometimes wish that some of the above did n't have this annoying institutional approach of organising legal marches and the like , sometimes a little raf approach would perhaps fit the situation , even though i ca n't make myself able to support it . 
  good try but this sub has gone past the point where debates can be had . 
  it 's basically a right-wing circlejerk by now , and not even an intellectually stimulating right-wing but a mix mash of imported conspiracy theories from the american right and cab-driver-styled provincialism . 
  cultural marxism , anti-intellectualism , it 's all there . 
  i 'm not even particularly in favour of immigration and have strong reservations concerning open border policies but it 's impossible to even debate atm . 
  i was thinking the same , it 's rather sad that a kingdom which was the starting point of us all was n't able to keep important parts of its culture with the protection it deserved . 
  a dick move imo .
