  fwiw our former pm made similar comments about sch\u00e4uble , and not because of some ingrained anti-germanism ( which has no tradition in portugal and is situational at best ) , he praised merkel . 
  iirc that was the issue , sch\u00e4uble following a separate agenda and leaking information conductive to the need to have a bailout , with merkel herself admitting he was the source working against what she had arranged . 
  he also said the dutch minister was annoying , and using that for calibration i would be inclined to take heed of his comments about sch\u00e4uble . 
  still , could be that everyone is out to get him . 
  some is understating it , the communists i know in portugal - starting with my family - have the same distribution of catholics and non believers i find elsewhere . 
  i assume something similar occurs in spain and italy . 
  that said , i 'm not fond of mixing religion with politics , especially in so blatant terms as this crucifix . 
  not sure why you assume heads would roll , most people i debate with here assume that blackmail and authoritarianism occurred , and that both were necessary to make greece fall into line . 
  a lot of them just want unions busted , pensions and wages cut , health privatised , etc , that is the real measure of success , not debt or gdp . 
  i must congratulate the right for this though , what a complete victory in the end , brilliant stuff . 
  there is more that one galician so the debate on language or dialect ends up nowhere . 
  that said , saying that they are `` quite distinct '' is a stretch because there is a dialect continuum and when traveling in the rural areas of vigo to minho it 's not clear where the border is . 
  my position is that they are two dialectal forms of the same language , and this is especially true for the galician still spoken in more isolated areas more imune to the castilian-inspired standardisation that is officially endorsed . 
  that said , the simple fact that there are n't monolingual galician speakers will most likely make it dverge more and more in the future , which is i think one of the reasons for the existence of the [ galician portuguese language academy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galician_academy_of_the_portuguese_language ) and several other so-called `` reintegracionist '' associations , mainly academic . 
  there is a lot of political baggage here , so much that the topic becomes very difficult to treat in strict linguistic terms . 
  the language we speak as portuguese is basically galician with a country , and army , and later an empire . 
  this was what made it a cultured and literary language here while in galiza - rosal\u00eda notwithstanding - it became a `` lingua de labregos '' , especially since the 17th century and with franco and the thoroughly anti - portuguese stance he had and enacted . 
  fwiw my experience with this topics come from frequenting the galician youth centre in lisbon for years , having family in galiza , having travelled there and having an interest in linguistics academically . 
  that said , i was mostly addressing your `` done with '' approach , while i have the opposite opinion and find it well sourced i 'm aware that it is an open debate . 
  edit : i have a similar position on another debate which is the `` opposite '' : i consider mirand\u00eas to be a part of lyonese , and do n't think it makes it somehow less `` national '' , like saying it would make people from miranda to suddenly raise a lion glues rampant on silver banner . 
  much the contrary , i think it is rather cool . 
  i 'm going to regret this , but what children cc are you referring to ? 
  seems legit . 
  i like the greek more by the day . 
  they are celebrating if nothing else because even in the face of extreme threats they decided to say their minds . 
  the whole concept is exotic in this world that has in cowardice the greatest virtue , but to me it was a display of arete . 
  and we should care ... why ? 
  perhaps those not under the troika are unaware of what it is to hear during the week : - `` certainly we must learn that the imf was wrong , and we were wrong and have acted against the dignity of portugal and ireland '' - schulz - `` we did indeed make a mistake , austerity had an impact we did n't anticipate , things most change '' - lagarde - `` it 's not possible to go on this way , it is apparent that this path does n't work '' - many other eu officials . 
  ... only to have to receive the troika technocrats and seeing our politicians treating the little shits as they were anointed royalty , and hearing the exact opposite of what was said during the week , with absolutely no repercussions and with the clear notion that if they leak that absolute submission was n't there the some hypocrites who spewed their sentimental bullshit during the week will start to sing at a different tune , one about how `` responsibility '' and `` commitments '' are paramount . 
  jesus , ca n't wait for this farcical get together to end , and seeing this repulsive sold-outs exiled in some of the off-shores they seem to love . 
  there is another problem imo , which i have previously mentioned : if greece saves face with the `` no '' vote ( and i 'm using this ambiguous language on purpose ) how does that leave governments like the on in portugal who have co-opted the troika programme and based their entire manifesto on the complete lack of any other option ? 
  i can already read in the comment section of local newspapers ( which is always a horrid place , i know ) the indignation : the very same people who some months ago sided with the idea that only unions which made a deal with the government should be covered by the provisions thereof are now claiming that if anything is done for greece , portugal should be compensated . 
  it 's the age old portuguese-luthuanian rivalry !, 
  seriously though , i think it was a mistake . 
  the map itself was meant as propaganda and was n't exactly made by the national geographic services , the one responsible for it likely did the equivalent of googling it available at the time , likely used a copy or a portmanteau of different sources . 
  this was [ europe in the interwar period ] ( http://1blomma.deviantart.com/art/the-interwar-period-376679743 ) , and it mostly checks out , but lithuania is indeed mislabelled ( east prussia is actually there to the right ) . 
  that 's 5pm west for those wondering . 
  depends on who they vote . 
  the map is indeed from the mid thirties . 
  in what sense ? 
  i mean , there are several layers of weirdness and i think each one has different origins !, 
  the omission of the ussr is likely because it was made in the '30s and it is a product of the right-wing dictatorship ( fascist or not depends on who you ask ) that ruled portugal . 
  reminds me of this : [ portugal is not a small country ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7dzmprwmm6m/vno3ka_ocli/aaaaaaaau8o/zwb-uqsggy4/s1600/figura%2b1%2b-%2bportugal%2bna%cc%83o%2be%cc%81%2bum%2bpai%cc%81s%2bpequeno.jpg ) . 
  edit : i just noticed how the map is a bit strange ... it has yugoslavia and czechoslovakia but not the ussr : the ukraine is included in russia but latvia and estonia are there , along with oriental prussia . 
  the borders in that area will likely raise some eyebrows from those who actually know them . 
  if i 'm not mistaken the borders of portugal also include oliven\u00e7a , as would be expected ( that bottom `` hump '' ) . 
  `` heirs of confucius '' brigade , ballygowan road : you are now entering legalist belfast . 
  and in germany : scorchio !, 
  to provide some context outside scandinavia , in portugal 25 years is the maximum anyone can get , so it 's not so much as a northern european thing insomuch as it is an european thing born out of a progressive view on the purpose of imprisonment ( which can be debated of course ) . 
  i do n't care what anyone says , once it reaches 40 i always take off my jacket !, 
  seriously though , 40 in iberia feel different from 35 in more setentrional zones , i would say that 35 is a temperature i feel comfortable with in lisbon if i 'm not going to and fro in a suit and in a hurry . 
  the opposite happens with cold : i leave switzerland snowing but it 's perfectly fine in the streets and indoors , well , everything is heated so it 's not even a concern , only to arrive at sunny portugal t o have the most uncomfortable nights due to humidity and above all the shitty insulation of the majority of apartments . 
  i 'm not seeing the portuguese government ever approving any deal - but this does n't really matter at all for the eu , i only mentioned it because if greece manages to get some kind of deal it would mean the downfall of right-wing governments who co-opted the troika programme and that have based their whole public discourse in how everything was inevitable . 
  part of the problem now is i think related to this ... allowing greece to even save face could signal that voting outside of the usual parties is a possibility , or at least make big dents in those involved in supporting said policies . 
  the really important question is how did the markets react to this ? 
  maybe they were pleased , the proof , as the saying goes , is in the interest rate . 
  the impact of such games in what is now termed late antiquity was enormous ... the division between teams of different colours led to [ brutal riots with huge political importance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nika_riots ) . 
  it seems that this is a remnant of such traditions , in a way . 
  very interesting . 
  yeah ... but i do n't really see an `` european patriotic '' concept really working , people are patriotic about their fatherland ( patriotic < patres ( lat . 
  * father * ) and while i 'm the first to defend the idea of europe as a civilisational concept which unites us all ( even in the `` late antiquity '' sense of european culture as the result of * romanitas * modified by the invading germanic tribes and tied up with christianity ) i do n't really see it working in a way that would make us cheer someone like that ... the only exception would be in an event where an `` europe '' team confronts others , but even then you can be absolutely sure that if that team did n't have someone from portugal i would n't care . 
  i think you found something that really brings out our shared european values , north and south , east and west : what an horrid idea mate . 
  i mean , when and how would that be used ? 
  and why ? 
  most people here would n't even piss in the rival club of their city if it was on fire . 
  lackaday , some people take teen anent words which were used ere our days , forsooth this is the case in the thread yon - iwis it was meet for this subreddit , howbeit , aye , others found it frowardly . 
  meseems , at least , ymmv . 
  in spain and portugal the nuremberg laws arrived centuries before . 
  by the 20th century there was no historical jewish community left , i 'm not sure about spain but in portugal the jewish community that existed was due to arrivals in the late 19th century onward . 
  that said , they were still used in political propaganda in the 20th century . 
  actually , the present jewish community in portugal in not sephardic but ashkenazi and derives mostly from ww2 refugees . 
  it 's ~ 200 million , so ~ 75 % compared with the ~ 70 million of the rest ( of which ~ 10 million in portugal ) - still huge though . 
  for your next time , 
  actually that episode was blow out of proportion here - there never was an `` ultimatum '' to begin with . 
  that said we did clash several times , regardless of the alliance ( to give an example , around that time there was a secret agreement between the uk and germany to divide portuguese africa , it ended up not working because word got out ) . 
  as any other relation , it can become abusive when there is a big power differential ( as started to happen in the 18th century in particular ) , and the late 19th century republicans were thoroughly anti-british ( we can read some of mary shelley 's comments in her memoirs when she was in portugal about alexandre herculano , our historian , saying that despite his fixation on blaming `` perfidious albion '' for everything he was quite good ) ... 
  the [ convention of sintra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_of_sintra ) was another low point , albeit wrapped in a `` high point '' , as it were . 
  i think it shows the complexities of maintaining an alliance for so long when things have changed so much ( including religious affiliation ) . 
  i also think that the `` we like them and they like us '' is a bit romantic ... for most brits the only reason manuel from faulty towers is n't portuguese is because they do n't care about the difference . 
  that is the stereotypical image , fueled by decades of mostly unqualified immigration . 
   who elected the previous greek governments if not the greek people ? 
  i understand your point , but i find it interesting that those governments were supported by the majority of the eu since they belonged to the `` responsible centre '' , and when the greek people decided to change they were labelled as irresponsible . 
  so they are guilty of electing parties who run greece into the ground , but also guilty of not voting for those parties since doing so is radicalism and lack of pragmatism . 
  i 'm very economically left-wing , so take this with an enormous grain of salt , but i think i sort of have an answer , or at least a rationalisation of why the measures proposed by the troika are so extremely reactionary and unashamedly a form of class warfare : the economy of a country , in the current world system at least , depends greatly on market perception . 
  market perception is by definition going to valour anything that increases possible profits ( deregulation , privatisation , lower wages , no benefits , etc , etc , basically `` flexibility '' ) , especially considering that those who define the very ratings are also ideologically involved . 
  thus , in a strange way , i have to concede that right-wing governments do , in a way , work in `` helping the economy '' , not so much because quality of life improves but because market perception does improve , which has a positive effect on interests for example ... 
  and for good reason , workers should be allowed in unions regardless of their sexual inclination . 
  gives new meaning to the `` horizontal union '' though , wink wink , nod nod . 
   both labour unions have lost power and businesses are able to fire workers at will . 
  i am not so sure why someone would consider these as reforms that should be done unless there is the neoliberal ideology behind of equating workers to slaves . 
  because that is what 's at play . 
  i was going to reply but saw your comment and decided against it . 
  the comment you replied to is actually quite good in that it makes it very clear what is at stake , which is basically a reckoning : that 's why non quantifiable measures such as `` allow indiscriminate firing '' are lauded as essential even if they are n't backed by solid numbers ( like it 's being asked of greece ) , it 's not so much the economic result that matters but making sure that complete deregulation is in place . 
  i 'm not sure if child labour and maternity/paternity laws are not the next in queue . 
   bce will protect the euro zone after the grexit ot the rest of the countries in the ez might decide to let countries who have not managed to get debt under control - and have actually seen it increase in recent years - go as well ... like portugal . 
  i mean , why should other european countries have to suffer just because the portuguese elected a government that followed orders ? 
  results are what matter after all , and while some political sectors here play on the `` good student '' approach to position portugal inside that mythical protection zone , that is far from guaranteed - people in general do not respect brown noses , even if they have to prop them . 
  that said , the prospects of increasingly lower wages and complete erosion of labour rights will certainly be seen favourably by the markets , so we have that going in our favour ( this is not even sarcasm ) . 
  maybe it 's going to be good , like ulysse 31 , muhammad set in the future , the hijra spanning different galaxies , photon cannons and the like . 
  i think tzipras at one point toyed with the idea of a moustache .
