  this only reinforces the idea that we should only depend on ourselves and that if we want to be `` proud '' of ourselves we should reduce to a minimum having our own working abroad in unqualified sectors . 
   this portuguese guy here wants us to accept portuguese immigration but not refugees , which is totally hypocritical . 
  i 'm not sure who is `` us '' , but assuming it is the eu things get a bit more complex because liberty of movement is part of a package which also contained a lot of measures that were detrimental to portugal . 
  but let 's assume that `` us '' is , say , switzerland : you will note that the person in question does not say that `` our '' emigration should be accepted , so he will ( as per all of the above ) be completely fine with a reduction of the quota to 0 % . 
  the majority of the comments here in portugal whenever there are news about switzerland analysing the migrant quota is actually in this vein : they should reduce it to whatever they like , it 's their country . 
  you will not find a wave of sympathy for those roaming jobless in zurich , just embarrassment for the image that they convey . 
   he thinks he is something better than those refugees , that 's why i would bash him . 
  portugal is far from perfect and profiting from immigration so he should n't be against immigration it is far from perfect . 
  that said , you did n't just bash him , by going to the `` let 's see if you like it '' route you bashed everyone else who was reading the comments , and the first reaction will never be `` oh , now i see that i must be accepting of others '' . 
  it will most likely be `` this fucker must be from one of those shitty tax-haven countries which attract our uneducated workforce and * that * is what makes him feel superior , it 's all the fault of those greedy little migrants who make three times my wage to clean up their shit '' . 
  in a way , it is imo more likely to drive people towards knee-jerk nationalism than anything else . 
  actually , something along these lines has been used by the extreme-right propaganda here : `` look at what our situation has lead us to , see what these countries think of us !, 
  '' , followed by ways to restore real or perceived former glory and put others in `` their place '' . 
  to sum it up , i think it is ineffective because - the people who would have the same general opinion than yourself already use that argument ( we should accept others just as others accept us ) , so the only thing it does is offend some of them . 
  - the people who are completely opposed to immigration will take it as proving their point : if immigration does n't even work within europe , how can it possibly work with muslims ? 
  just my 2c . 
  ps : as for the debate itself , i believe that there is a mix of refugees and economic migrants . 
  whether this should make a difference is another point . 
  thank you so much for fighting xenophobia !, 
  your comments are an exercise in solid reasoning and i especially like the way you calmly present your reasons , it really shows that one should be careful when talking about others . 
  i especially liked that half-way you went on tirade about how the portuguese are `` too stupid '' , should shut up and are worse than everyone else and a `` failed country '' , all due to an individual comment from someone , but hey , that hardly matters i suppose - it 's great that you can exercise your your own prejudices in a safe place while sounding all progressive in relation to the refugees . 
  it 's also an interesting approach to the topic because whatever reason you might had evaporated , not to mention the way you immediately alienate anyone from portugal ( and most other countries since you seem to dish out this left and right to anyone who is poorer than germany ) who would agree with you . 
  a marvelous country , with a superb history that somehow gets neglected by the ordinaries . 
  were it not for the prussian victory in the whole * kleindeutschland * question our perception would be much different . 
  they are heirs to the holy roman empire , that alone is more than enough . 
  i was prepared to be offended and write a strongly worded comment , then i realised i 'm doing exactly what is shown in the past week . 
  bummer . 
  likely , that is to be expected by the illegal monopoly of the usps in first-class delivery , which is unconstitutional and only exists because of age-long socialist policies enacted by the liberal left . 
  * god help me , i must go back to marmite , pb&j is changing me *, 
  love it . 
  generally buy skippy or monarch . 
  there is also a dutch brand ( pindakaas ? ), 
  which i sometimes buy . 
  i eat it either alone in two slices of bread or with jelly on the other half , which makes me just about as american as one can get , i almost feel like i should be fondling an m1 assault rifle . 
  if you ever get invaded i will all over / r/europe harping about how you should have had some realistic and sensible foreign policy and that our taxpayers should n't be burdened with the costs of helping those who were not diplomatically responsible ( so , talking out of my arse about a topic which i know little about but about which the media will make be an expert about ) . 
  sarcasm , yes , but just because * i * would never do it - the bottom line is that i agree with finland 's stance , making any assumption about the eu helping out in such a situation is extremely risky , plus one never knows the real cost behind that help . 
  it 's gutting . 
  `` we must protect our european valours and civilisation from the the barbarians that want to destroy it , so let 's start by letting them all drown while we watch inside the ships , ignoring the very same moral obligations we are defending '' . 
  i could understand something like `` we should process them and then send them back to this or that country '' , but the blunt `` just let them all drown , children first '' is an eye-opener . 
  participating in this subreddit is having a toll on my ( incipient , i must admit ) trust in the eu . 
  not only by this but the way things are dealt with , italy is now a `` poor country unable to protect the borders '' , it 's getting to a point where this one-sided accusations are just a sign that all the talk about `` more union '' should be avoided like the plague . 
  yes , but i 'll be honest with you : after seeing it repeated a couple of times i ca n't help feeling slightly affected since i 've learned that this things go through a process of popularisation where the `` banter '' aspect is dropped and it becomes a surrogate for real events . 
  this is particularly applicable to portugal ( and others like spain ) due to the specific way that the 19th century historiographic discourse was constructed , in a strongly english-dominated medium that then found in the us a natural breeding ground . 
  polandballs in general have this unfortunate tendency , which is why i have mostly stopped enjoying them - including the original ones about poland . 
  it 's very easy for it to derive into versions which have less to do with the original self-deprecating humour based on stereotypes to versions ( quite like this one ) which crosses that border into something a lot more spiteful than what i remembered , and something which has the potential of becoming a meme for the unwashed masses . 
  not that my comment will make a different and i 'll be the first to admit that it is worthless , but consider it venting . 
  just fwiw , but i 'm very left-wing but i have serious doubts about the feasibility of treating this crisis with an open-border policy . 
  as per my ideological position i believe that economic migrants are an obvious consequence of the way capitalism works , blah blah blah imperialism as last stage of capitalism , etc , etc. 
  that said , it also serves a purpose somewhat similar to the endemic unemployment and as such i also view mass migration as something that is encouraged by those who ( still ) need cheap labour : the migrants themselves are much more likely to be a part of the * lumpenproletariat * and it is impossible to deny that local populations are affected in the way they use public services , the way they have to face the consequences of lack of integration , all within a scenario of weakened empathy since the whole situation leads to a `` we vs. them '' siege mentality . 
  europe ca n't take the number of economic refugees that would need it without collapsing ( note that i 'm not saying that it ca n't that these wave or others , just that in the long-term the numbers start to make little sense ) . 
  arsoning is of course not the solution , and to be honest i 'm not sure in what the solution is . 
  i just commented since this was becoming a `` we the moderates '' party and wanted to point out that even non-moderates ( i 'm a `` radical '' in many senses of the word , although i 'm afraid i never felt the inclination for mass incarceration and the like , this will be my downfall ) can have positions which are not the most obvious ones . 
  you should , we have a pretty decent background in that respect , all things considered . 
  i know that being the first global european empire to appear and the last to fall is small stuff for your region , but it did take some work here and there . 
  we were sending help to ethiopia and japan so it 's not like we are strangers in sending help to people with which we have little in common . 
  your reply to a self-deprecating comment made in jest seems a bit petty . 
  of course , you might prefer to get your history education from comic strips made by god knows who and which , funny as they might be to those who are predisposed to like it , is complete bullocks in every single frame ( it 's actually embarrassing to have to give examples since i feel like i 'm on idiocracy , but brazil was the biggest pavilion in the portuguese world expo in the 40s , portugal was exempted from immigration restriction in the 50s due to a provision meant to strengthen the national character , portugal is mentioned in the brazilian constitution of the 90s with portuguese citizens having special status in terms of residence , education and employment . 
  similar examples are available for every other `` point '' there , which is why i always assumed nobody took it seriously . 
  actually , it would be interesting to know if any of the other countries in that strip can say the same ) . 
  the problem is not the strip , of course , but the apparent number of people who somehow seem to take it seriously and that have started to use it as a reply , it 's the second time i read it in this particular subreddit used in a way that leads me to believe that those using it somehow believe in it . 
  i blame it on the decaying quality of public education . 
  with the fall of the ussr and all ( we do not have that excuse , alas , and what we gained in the last decades is eroding ) . 
  as for your wider point in how someone from portugal should n't talk about what happens in eastern europe ( or slightly-to-the-right central europe ) or what should be done , i find the concept a bit bizarre when considering that we get all sorts of advices from thereabouts on how to deal with public spending . 
  which i find somewhat natural in an union , regardless of agreeing or not with the op , especially when that was the whole point of the submission . 
  i do not have direct or historical experience in having russia near by , but most people are capable of empathising with others and draw parallels . 
  if they are incorrect then by all means address them , but anyone can and should have an opinion on it if not only to have natives provide the needed insight - which is not `` stfu '' . 
  that said , i have no ill-will towards poland and know more than the average about its history , albeit surely not as much as the topic deserves . 
  i for one find them interesting , so ymmv . 
  that 's a way to put it ... but the french invasions were one of the most traumatic periods in our history and directly responsible for a good deal of our inability to prosper during the 19th century , which was a pivotal century due to industrialisation and cultural advancement . 
  when they invaded ( allied with spain , by the way , spain switched sides when their king was replaced ) they kicked a lot of asses ... actually not immediately since we did n't even put up a fight , the king in brazil left instructions to obey the invader ( unpopular , but realistically the only option ) , but the plundering france did in portugal was unprecedented and left a huge toll . 
  our latter victories during the peninsular war ( jointly with the brits , of course , our army was reorganised along their lines ) are noteworthy but the initial invasions were very successful . 
  * la grande arm\u00e9e * was in its time an absolute reference , and even considering what i said above it should be noted that a lot of what we consider civilisational values were spread under its boots . 
  one exception is south america , were we won against both spain and france . 
  the communist party will not be part of a coalition with the socialist party now or in the near future . 
  the reasons are varied and rooted on recent history . 
  the socialist party can try a pendular approach : bet on getting votes from the right in almost everything , and get votes from the left in social and cultural matters . 
  this is perhaps unfortunate but there is n't any short-term solution , i for one would be weary of a coalition with the socialist party based on their current programme . 
  actually , i 'm not sure in what is appeal for those who are undecided to vote for the socialist party , and that will likely be decisive ... it seems to me that they are rather lost in terms of their proposition and people will just vote for the current government since they at least have the advantage of knowing the situation first-hand and are aligned with the right-wing directorate that is in charge . 
  they more some adventurarist choices in how they tried to position themselves in relation to greece , previously they had hollande as the great white hope , so mostly a succession of bad calls which leaves them in a tight spot imo . 
  last time we had a minister we did enact anti-market legislation like instituting a minimum wage , something unforgivable . 
  as for seizures i highly doubt it , after all with our complete control over unions and all kinds of social forces - which effectively means that the current t situation is our fault , if you read / r/europe and observador - we would be unstoppable !, 
  not even the parties which rotate collapse in seizures , although in those cases i suppose one can explain it by the continuous flow of money which they continue to receive via the promiscuity with government agencies . 
  to counter that we would do an avante !, 
  festival every month , and mold the spirit of the new generation with reruns of vasco granja cartoons . 
  more to the point , it is indeed true that the posibility of a coalition to the left is very slim to impossible , at least in the foreseeable future . 
  the livre party was supposed to cover that area and i 'm not sure how they are doing ... with left bloc apparently not willing to go that route it is an area which could be interesting to explore . 
  [ which makes a small difference ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/territorial_waters_-_portugal.svg/800px-territorial_waters_-_portugal.svg.png ) . 
  so , apart from the fact that the submitted map only depicts half of our territorial waters it 's pretty correct ( likely a rounding error ) . 
  not that it is hugely important , territorial waters are hardly something to go nuts about , `` hey , we managed to keep the country near the atlantic , where it always was , hurrah for us ! '', 
  by the first time we fought together in a battle we had already driven them out . 
  that said , the flag that flew in ceuta in 1415 was embroidered by an english queen . 
  ( commenting partially because of the interesting anedocte , partially because i have some doubts that most people even know that by 1450 portugal was in morocco , given what seems to be a popular trend to downplay it ), 
  i replied elsewhere but generally when they use `` spain '' they are using the islamic word that used to encompass the entire peninsula - isis is correct , the translators are the ones who do n't know how to do a proper job . 
  you likely know this of course , but i 've noticed that / r/europe seems to think that poland balls are an adequate representation of reality , much to my surprise . 
  unfortunately radical islamists are n't so ignorant as the average redditor . 
  they know rather well that it was portugal who first took war to africa and have mentioned that some times . 
  when they use `` spain '' they use the old islamic word that encompasses the entire peninsula , regardless of modern countries which use the same name . 
  fuck , that almost hurt , than i saw your flag . 
  what a relieve !, 
  i can imagine some decent explanations , like said company providing some service deemed essential and thus subsidising the prices in remote areas where the price would be unbearable .
