  if it 's a public company that would make some sense , not saying it is the case here . 
  it sounds to me that nothing short of complete privatisation would do . 
  it 's almost as there is an ideological component to statistics as well !, 
   it sounds bad , but if they really have a tradition of internal debate + vote , followed by a public bloc vote in the bundestag itself , breaking off from the bloc vote is a clear violation of party discipline . 
  so , like democratic centralism ? 
  not that i 'm using this as an attack , i 'm used to this myself and it 's in my experience the most common approach in most parties , except some very fringe issues . 
  it actually started earlier , and it 's all within a broader european context , particularly in terms of post-utrecht europe . 
  the first movement was linked with the adoption of `` enlightened despotism '' in the reign of king joseph i and his prime-miniter [ the marquis of pombal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sebasti%c3%a3o_jos%c3%a9_de_carvalho_e_melo,_1st_marquis_of_pombal ) ( of `` the mission '' fame ) : this was when at the verge of the 18th century the inquisition was weakened and the `` blood cleanliness '' laws were officially repealed , slavery forbidden in the homeland , and brazil started to gain more and more presence and infrastructures . 
  the second movement would be with the end of the [ united kingdom of portugal and brazil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_of_portugal,_brazil_and_the_algarves ) following the end of the peninsular war . 
  in particular in the context of the end of absolutism due to the [ liberal revolution of 1820 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_revolution_of_1820 ) : while the constitution made explicit references to the `` sacred religion '' it was inspired by other constitutions ( cadiz , french , american ) and as such allowed liberty of cult ( not complete , but that would come latter ) . 
  the latter [ liberal wars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_wars ) opposed the king of portugal ( and emperor of brazil ... ) to his brother and ended up with the defeat of the absolutist forces , making way to new elites of very strong liberal affiliation which would determine the political destinies of a parliamentary monarchy . 
  the third movement would be the [ republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5_october_1910_revolution ) , which was very strongly anti-catholic , being very positivist : the separation law that was approved was extreme in the way it nationalised everything owned by the church . 
  this was a direct result of the 19th century feeling that religion was an obstacle that should be removed from the path of progress , and this is why i said that the 19th century was pivotal ... even before the republic society was very secular and the elites mostly attached to an idea of secularism . 
  with the [ estado novo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estado_novo_%28portugal%29 ) right-wind dictatorship the relation with the church was strengthened since catholicism became once again an integral part of the imperial discourse : god-given mission of portugal was to spread the true word of christ and civilise the natives against the heretic hordes and materialist degenerates . 
  the [ padroado ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/padroado ) was renewed ( and would only end with macao in the 21th century ) . 
  the [ carnation revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnation_revolution ) in 1974would be the final movement and would bring an end to most of the overseas empire and produced one of the most progressive constitutions in existence . 
  given the connection of ( pasts ) of the church with the old order most of the new elites were secular , many were agnostic or atheist , but it 's not like there was a ban on catholics , things simply evolved in a way that religion was mostly removed from the political discourse . 
  in short , all this different episodes would progressively lead to the current situation of a strongly catholic country which was born out of the * reconquista * and had in religious zeal one of the factors for the discoveries being mostly free from religious interference in terms of politics . 
  as a side-note , in purely moral behaviour i think that only the secretary-general of the communist party follows catholic dogma ( which is actually something not unexpected ) . 
  portugal is a catholic country ( although you did n't mention it it appears as the most catholic in polls ) , but in practice there is separation of state and church in a way that goes beyond the laws and influences who politicians behave : it 's considered extremely out-of-place to bring religion to any political debate . 
  the current president is catholic ( as far as i know ... ) but the previous one was n't , actually there is a tradition of openly agnostic presidents and prime-ministers . 
  this comes from the 19th century political tradition , mostly . 
  there is a concordat in place so the catholic church has some special arrangements , mostly dealing with religious holidays , religious teaching , etc - portugal is secular but religious holidays are observed , and they are all catholic , which makes sense ( i 'm an atheist , just for reference ) . 
  the catholic church has an opinion on matters like abortion , for example , but at least in portugal they made their opposition known without engaging in the sort of in-your-face tactics that would appear to be interference . 
  so , in my perspective , separation of religion and state works fine . 
  yes , because reddit is for those who dislike having others comment their messages , that would be great fun . 
  i see that sarcasm is as alien to you as your sense of proportion . 
  using a map about beers to go on about `` portugal is n't fucking spain '' only accomplished one of these : to most people to whom that is self-evident will ( rightfully ) consider it something done out of insecurity , while for those who somehow have failed to learn world history it will be lost since people who do not know about portugal are likely not the kind that will be enlightened by it . 
  yeah , it does have one colour in common with the flag of gibraltar , and a castle . 
  that 's the only company we need , we 're quite used to standing otherwise alone . 
  i suppose it 's due to our geographic location , it promotes this siege mentality . 
  yeah , probable the same here . 
  galiza is the one that fits the bill closer . 
  then there is the all portuguese-speaking africa/asia and brazil , but this is a very mixed bag because while language is an important aspect of cultural affinity it is n't the only aspect , and all of the above can seem quite foreign ( for good reasons ) . 
  a broader stroke would be to include all the european countries which really absorbed * romanitas * , which would include the rest of spain of course and then , italy , france , etc. 
  would you reply spain though ? 
  i would n't . 
  and i would very surprised to see any spaniard reply portugal , even if objectively both would likely be the correct answer given both the reconquista , the age of discoveries and the counter-reformation . 
  for them portugal is to a place to buy table-cloths , for us spain is a place to buy torrone de alicante . 
  perhaps sad , but things are the way they are . 
  also , most people in portugal know very little about the spanish empire ( it 's basically `` some places in america that were not brazil '' ) and in particular that they had close ties with ( southern ) italy up to the 19th century , which makes italy a common choice . 
  i suppose that it could have happened , there are people who get really upset about this inconsequential little things , be it in comics or in newspapers , i recently heard of a huge shitstorm in twitter due to a food review . 
  in any event , as for how portuguese sounds in relation to spanish , i would say that i would perhaps valour the opinion of , say , cervantes more than that of a comic . 
  speaking of which , you probably had one to many . 
  as we say in portugal '' \u00a1 no bebas m\u00e1s , ostias !, 
  i 'm sure other countries also have misconfigured wireless routers or broken iphones . 
  i 'm not sure how this would explain it though ; even if the image was representative of anything more than op 's specific connection problems i doubt spanish people would connect to a portuguese isp to play in central european servers . 
   homosexuals are actually really equal in germany . 
  apparently not though ...  pope also mentioned that homosexuals should not be allowed to marry recently ? 
  recently ? 
  there is absolutely no way that gay marriage is valid for catholics and orthodox christians , not now or ever really : they generally do n't make up as they go in terms of core theology . 
  that said , why would what the pope said about gay marriage be used as an argument , with germany being a secular country . 
  if you 're waiting for the pope to agree with gay marriage you might as well rethink the whole abortion laws . 
  did n't notice any heat wave tbh . 
  any construction needs to have impact assessment and archaeological follow-up , not sure if that is what they are referring to . 
  if it is it 's then it is merely stating an obvious and fortunate consequence of cultural preservation laws . 
  sweden had for a time the swedish gold coast and traded tobacco and slaves there , like the danes and the dutch . 
  well , and us . 
  exactly because of the difficulty in establishing limits i find conception and birth as two relatively clear events : nobody denies that a separate organism begins with the first , and that a separate individual with the second . 
  not that i think that they should be used for legal matters - personally i 'm against late term abortion - but conception is imo an important event since it 's where this debate actually begins . 
  brain activity , hearth beat , differentiation , these are indeed more or less arbitrary boundaries ( even if i find them useful , but i ca n't deny they are ultimately debatable in a way the other two are not ) . 
  could be worse i suppose . 
  the church doing the counseling ? 
  the article does n't mention it because that option in portugal is about 150 years out of date ... 
  i would worry more about evil religious influence in the countries which still do not have gay marriage or maintain state churches . 
  the inability to differentiate between diploid cells , zygotes , etc. 
  is one of the greatest mysteries in these debates . 
  i 'm in favor of rather lax abortion laws but comparing sperm and ova with a diploid cell resulting from fertilisation just sounds something out of those silly protestant radio shows . 
  no it is n't , i can understand his concern , more money flow towards cismatic countries could mean than in the end we will have to pawn the `` que '' in the filioque , playing right into their game . 
  not a lot of support for the parties advocating restauration , but i will disagree with others in terms of the nostalgia ... 
  i feel there is nostalgia indeed , not that it would translate into voting but related to the view of a `` golden age '' of the discoveries . 
  so , i would say that there are plenty more people that would vote in , say , a referendum that those who vote for partido popular mon\u00e1rquico . 
  i knew `` de ponent , ni vent ni gent '' , which is likely related !, 
  fuck me , i 'm saving this for myself . 
  do n't listen to him , we can be proper gits , just make sure it 's not the case :d, 
  wim wenders is of course great , but obvisouly * lisbon story * struck an additional chord . 
  and madredeus really were great , i 'm very glad you liked them and that 's a very interesting story . 
   the left likes the flag better than the right ? 
  it 's complex ... the right-wing para-fascist `` estado novo '' regime used the current flag in all propaganda so it 's not anything like weimar and hitler . 
  the current flag was the result of a `` progressive '' coup that abolished the monarchy so it is bound to have more sympathies from those who are republican ( in the sense they make it a part of their political identity ) . 
  insofar as there are more right-wing monarchists than left-wing ones then yes , but we are talking about fringes here . 
  as i said , i 'm left-wing and i prefer the former one . 
   also , separate question , what is the wish of the left wing in portugal ? 
  i 'm not sure how to reply ... the general platitudes about more even distribution of wealth , more focus on education and culture , focus on living conditions of those who work as an end in itself , equal opportunities in access to education and health ... 
  i 'm not sure there is anything very particular here . 
  portuguese politics differ mostly due to the rather recent revolution in '74 which produced one of the most progressive constitutions in the world ( hence the yearly talks about doing yet another revision ) , and ended the portuguese empire . 
  [ this one won awards iirc ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic1i_-yluly ) , made by the tourism board . 
  i think the explanation is more due to the introduction of the sweet orange in europe . 
  & gt ; why are portuguese so short ? 
  i know we dutch are very tall , but still , the portuguese guys and girls are really short . 
  a combination of environmental and genetic factors . 
  we could go on about genetics ( i.e. 
  i would say that the potential for maximum height is lower due to our `` gracile med '' component ) a bit but the the truth is that we need a couple more decades of minimal protein intake to make a comparison , even our recent history is marred with child poverty ... half of my grandparents had direct experience with not having anything to eat at certain times when they were young , i assume your experience will be different . 
  this does make a different , the dutch at a certain point in time were one of the smallest in europe , and now ... not so much . 
  that said , during our prolonged wars there are descriptions on how our sailors , generally born in poverty , fought with the wic soldiers which were much larger . 
  & gt ; why does your language sounds like russian when you speak ? 
  we have a wide range of vowel sounds and that gives it a somewhat slavic feeling to others . 
  i only noticed in the last decade , but could be me . 
  everyone does . 
  [ viana da motta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jos%c3%a9_vianna_da_motta ) was a disciple of liszt , and there are a couple of others ( like [ marcos portugal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marcos_portugal ) ) , but hardly one which competes with the central european ones tbh .
