  this is a long and complex matter which i have written about at length before and makes little sense expanding here , but it has a huge impact on public perception of portugal . 
  nevertheless said invisibility is [ nowadays relative ] ( http://www.worldtravelawards.com/winners2015-8 ) in the sense that tourism has been increasing it a bit , apologies for the length of the list but i think it can be relevant to the point : * europe 's leading beach destination : the algarve , portugal * europe 's leading beach resort : hotel quinta do lago , portugal * europe 's leading boutique hotel : vila joya , portugal * europe 's leading boutique resort : choupana hills resort & spa , portugal * europe 's leading business : hotel myriad by sana hotels , portugal * europe 's leading design hotel : the vine hotel , portugal * europe 's leading green hotel : corinthia hotel lisbon , portugal * europe 's leading inflight magazine : up magazine ( tap portugal ) * europe 's leading landmark hotel : bairro alto hotel , portugal * europe 's leading luxury resort & spa : conrad algarve , portugal * europe 's leading tourist board : turismo de portugal * europe 's most romantic resort : monte santo resort , portugal * europe 's leading airline to africa : tap portugal * europe 's leading airline to south america : tap portugal lisbon : * 2014 europe 's leading cruise destination * 2014 europe 's leading cruise port * 2013 europe 's leading city break destination * 2010 europe 's leading city break destination * 2009 europe 's leading city break destination * 2009 europe 's leading cruise destination * 2009 europe 's leading destination porto : * [ european best destination ] ( http://www.europeanbestdestinations.com/destinations/porto/ ) . 
  etc , etc. 
  that said this is all heavily based on the different sensibilities and needs of tourists and could mean nothing in terms of a long-term stay , but i think that at least part of the reasons cross over . 
  also the instability of other destinations plays a role , so this list looks more impressive than it really is , but taken as an indicator it seems to at least point towards a decrease in said invisibility , even if i do not think it should be taken at face value ( there are a lot of excellent destinations in europe and half this awards are a toss between many of them ) . 
  someone spoke about rankings and how badly portugal performs on them . 
  rankings are important and i personally agree that we should be much better in all of them , but that said they are often used incorrectly to fuel a ( wrong ) perception of instability : portugal is one of the safest countries in europe , with decent weather , great history ( in the sense of having historical settings and other appreciated factors related to that ) , a friendly enough demeanour of the natives that within their genetic pessimism try to accommodate others and institutions that broadly work as expected . 
  yes , the minimum wage is far lower than it should be , but this does n't mean that you 'll end up mugged in the streets or that the cities are run-down shit-holes . 
  actually , in this regard we are well above the average for the best . 
  that was heavily distorted by republican propaganda at the time . 
  to begin with , there was never an `` ultimatum '' , and the british ships that would come were to take their ambassador home and not the bomb lisbon . 
  not that it was n't an imperialistic pissing context between the the largest world power and one waning one which was trying its best to stay relevant after the conference of berlin ( and which surprisingly or not managed to do so if one considers that it would last another century ) , and not that there were n't many examples of british decisions that negatively affected portugal , but this is , alas , the nature of diplomacy . 
  pcp/cds ? 
  i 'm not sure if you got that right , cds-pp is the christian-democrat party which sits at the rightmost position in the parliament  did you meant pcp-pev , the red/green coalition ? 
  or some other thing i 'm not groking correctly ? 
  assuming the later ( but feel free to ask me more if i 'm missing the target ) , the results would be theoretically good in a different context - more votes , more mps - but given the rise of the left bloc it comes as slightly underwhelming , even if they have distinct social bases . 
  the coalition itself is never in jeopardy because the green party never run alone and tbh has limited political independence . 
  your comment is ( no offense intended ) a good example of the rhetoric that will in time drive left-wing parties to increase their votes . 
  we are talking about a centre-left party government being elected with the support of other parties in some areas , but apparently that is enough to conjure scenarios of being pressured to leave the eurozone . 
  it seems that the eu is an extension of the epp for some . 
  when it 's not `` the markets '' it 's `` look what happened to greece and learn your lesson '' . 
  good . 
  finally something positive in all this . 
  all the best for the next government , even if the `` right-wing radicals '' ( i 'm learning some new words from their book ) have said it bluntly that they will not negotiate a single measure in the future and that `` the markets '' will react negatively . 
  i 'm not sure if this is supposed to be a critic or a compliment tbh . 
  mostly this just pushed the socialist party further to the left , not that i 'm complaining . 
  it will certainly be a challenging situation , but it 's an important step in the democratic evolution of our system , after all is said and done . 
  i can appreciate that the right-wing voters are feeling bad , after all there was indeed a tradition of the left not being able to come to any agreement . 
   of course i 'd like be to have a say in what happens , but not when that responsiblity is shared with the other parties in the coalition . 
  so you voted for a left bloc absolute majority ? 
  i 'm a communist party voter and even i am not that confident on the unavoidable victory of the masses , but kudos to you  or perhaps you were expecting a psd-cds-be ticket ? 
  i 'm failling to come with a single scenarion different from the current one where the reason you pointed out for voting for them actually works . 
  i hate this kind of comments since it seems i 'm questioning the legitimacy of your vote or trying to doubt your intentions , but i 'm either not really understanding what you mean or missing a key element here . 
  nevermind , it was a joke reverting the intended meaning considering north-african immigration in france . 
  not particularly funny i know . 
  no , it starts in the pyrenees . 
  you 'll understand when you visit paris . 
  seriously though , this study needs to be read in full . 
  there are multiple clines in europe from different times . 
  this seems to indicate that the first anatomically modern european ( generally called cro-magnon after the stie ) is related to the scandinavians more so then others , but i would like to see philogenetic map or a pca analysis . 
  the debate on paleolithic vs. neolithic ancestry has known several ups and downs in the last decade . 
  we have a similar predicament : very cool historical flags and people in positions of power with poor taste for colour matching :(, 
  well , yes , but that is what 's really on the table since his speech ; while some can disagree with this decision everyone on the left has said that it was obviously within his powers . 
  focusing on that seems disingenuous imo since it tries to shift the debate to what is not controversial and away from what was almost universally criticised , and that was not the appointment but the considerations made to justify it . 
  indeed , i struggled with the thought of wasting my time translating the rather long text considering it falls outside what has become / r/europe bread-and-butter . 
   you might have misunderstood what i wrote or i might have not been clear . 
  perhaps . 
   but anyway , you might want to consider stopping trying to understand or analyze my comments . 
  that would be an odd thing to do in a public forum whose very life depends on comments and debates . 
   i 'm not looking for your approval . 
  not even sure why you felt the need for this little finale . 
  i think that really depends on how you define what is the right-wing , not only in general but in portugal in particular . 
  there is an undercurrent in psd which is still attached to a social democratic idea , but while this has been true since the 70s psd was always centre-right . 
  there were visible changes in the last decade or so that affected both psd and cds and which changed the way `` the right '' is perceived , and i think this is partially why we reached this standstill . 
  in any event he is an important figure in psd , he is a psd mp and psd is the traditional centre-right party . 
  regardless of this aspect i would like to correct you on one implication of your comment : i have a similar position on some figures which are on the right-wing of the right-wing , and at the same time also have little in terms of appreciation for many of those who share my political outlook . 
  point taken . 
  i made an explicit introduction about it since i understand that his positions are not to be mistaken for what the rank-and-file mp of psd thinks , i know perfectly well this is n't the case . 
  that said , i 'm a bit biased because jpp is one of the figures of `` the right '' that i find stimulating and engaging on an intellectual level ( other being adriano moreira , but there are more ) , which is perhaps why i find myself listening to what he has to say . 
  he also has a * longue dur\u00e9e '' perspective on history which i appreciate . 
  in his `` studies on communism '' i think we can at least agree that the man has very little in the way of communism apologetics . 
  ps : obama is not a socialist , 
  yes , i know that article , i think i have commented on a thread about it ; i would n't necessarily call it better although it provides a good perspective on the issue , the one i linked is admittedly more focused on the portuguese public and as such it has more details which can be a bit of a bore to those not well-versed on the exciting topic of portuguese constitutional law . 
  they both share similar points though . 
  i found it interesting to read that article in the telegraph ( i read british newspapers weekly and have a decent grasp on their political position ) , although i was not surprised : people here in portugal like to think that being an `` europhile '' ( between quotes because i 'm an europhile in the true sense but separate the meaning from supporting the eu in all its forms ) is a * sine qua non * condition for being on the political right , whereas until relatively recently the right-wing party of the coalition was against the eu for nationalist reasons . 
  that in the uk this debate reaches different dimensions is quite interesting since the focus there is not so much on what parties are ardent eu supporters but to what extended different parties accept , support and encourage external meddling in domestic policies . 
  in all honesty , as it is right now i would n't be surprised is a leak of epp emails revealed that their local members actively worked against national interests , although i 'm the first to admit that this is often in the eye of the beholder . 
  that cavaco silva so blatantly called the attention of the markets signals that nothing is beneath them . 
  thank you , that really helps in understanding the rest of your comments . 
  i always assumed that the points i mentioned are part of the traditional social democratic corpus and the socialist party has explicitly mentioned the first two as absolutely critical . 
  that you consider them part of the agenda of `` left extremists '' explains both your disgust for any alliance with the rest of the left and imo also shows how far to the right have the political centre shifted in the last decade - and why words like `` radicals '' and `` extremists '' are thrown around liberally nowadays to refer to what used to be perfectly mainstream political options . 
  first a warning : the author is an mp from psd ( the centre-right party to whom the current pm belongs ) but he is well-known from speaking outside of party line and has in the last years publicly criticise the government . 
  my translation , apologies for errors and terseness but it was a long text and i 'm tired . 
  emphasis always mine , as well as the text inside square parenthesis . 
  ** what the president of the republic ( pr ) did in its declaration was to give a whipping to the portuguese - and curiously enough , to the majority of them - whom he does n't consider being president of ** . 
  it was n't a psychological whipping , but a true one . 
  by justifying his decision to appoint passos coelho as prime minister - a decision that of itself is correct - with a declaration of exclusion from public life of the left block ( be ) and the communist party ( pcp ) , and by proxy of the socialist party ( ps ) , he has opened a political crisis whose consequences are far from being clearly perceived today . 
  while not explicitly said he has hinted clearly enough to not being inclined to ever accept a government composed of ps-be-pcp , a parliamentary majority , that he considers to be damned , suggesting that even if the psd [ centre-right ] - cds [ right ] government is rejected in the house he could decide to leave it management [ in some situations like the current one the government can be left in management , not allowed to actually do much in terms of a budget and basically using the last one and living month-by-month ] until it 's possible to call new elections . 
  the fact that he hinted it can mean that there is still room for backing out , but the aggressive tone of his considerations makes that that possibility will equate to a monumental display of lack of coherence and impotence , which are in themselves an instability factor . 
  there 's more : it means that , by appointing passos coelho , he is not merely practicing a normal act that is based on the [ right-wing ] coalition having won the elections , which is in itself acceptable , he is doing it in order for the coalition to hold its place in government , without effective power and in permanent conflict with the parliamentary majority for long months to come . 
  ** cavaco silva thus heralds in portugal a practice which already had bad precedents in europe : that we will have all the elections needed until the result is deemed satisfacting . 
  that is to say , until those who consider themselves the natural recipients of power win , until psd-cds win with absolute majority . 
  in a single act the president has ensured long months of political instability , a permanent confrontation between institutions , an enormous radicalisation of political life and has become responsible by the economic consequences that derive from this situation . 
  accepting this course , cavaco silva [ president ] and passos coelho [ pm ] become the main culprits of the negative effects in our economy and society of this instability , whereas we could consider that this would fall on ant\u00f3nio costa [ socialist part leader ] and the left-wing majority were this effects to be felt during their government . 
  cavaco silva has helped to invert the victimisation that psd-cds needed in electoral terms , and this is but one of the perverse effects of his address . 
  ** in reality what is even more serious is that he has shown himself capable of allowing the economical situation of the country to deteriorate , as well as its standing in face of `` the markets '' , that up until now were not reflecting the catastrophic speech of psd-cds , inside , and ppe , outside , and that should they begin is due to the war front and instability that the president has opened and which will not be easily solved . 
  another one of the perverse effects of the presidential address was ** to give a huge contribution for ps , be and pcp to understand with some clarity what 's at stake and that they are under an attack without quarters destined to keep the right in power forever , using any means and resources that the right has available and that today are plentiful ** . 
  the right had two million votes , less that the left , but even so quite revealing that there is an important part of the public opinion in its favour , a part to which appeals to mobilisation are beginning to be heard even towards the place where it did n't exist until now : the streets . 
  ** the aggressiveness of these appeals shows that the right has understood that the possibility of a united political position on the left that surpasses the historical divisions that separated it is a very serious risk ** for the hegemony that they considered guaranteed by the merger of the votes of csd and psd . 
  ** never , since the 25th of april [ of 1974 , the date of the revolution that toppled the right-wing authoritarian dictatorship ] , has a government served the ideological right as well as the tandem troika-psd/cds . 
  never was the mutual exchange of services between `` europe '' and the political right this big . 
  ruled by the epp parties , starting by the german one and its allies , with special mention to the spanish pp who has a direct interest in preventing any political contamination from the portuguese socialist party towards psoe , `` europe '' today is one of the most important factors of loss of democracy and of support of a totalitarian `` there is no alternative '' ideology . 
  the epp parties are willing to do anything and will indeed to anything they can , even because they fear that the support that the socialist parties have given to the different variations of `` there is no alternative '' will start to erode . 
  ** it has started in greece , and regardless of how badly it went it went on towards labour [ sic , the uk party ] , and now it reaches the iberian peninsula . 
  the psd-cds alliance with economic interests has consolidated like never before . 
  the walks down the park of s\u00f3crates [ former socialist pm ] with businessmen , many of whom are now behind passos , portas [ cds leader , the smaller right-wing party ] and pires de lima [ minister of the economy , from cds ] , were child 's play compared to today . 
  s\u00f3crates distributed favours around , ** passos and portas , with the support of the troika , have changed to rules of the game in areas which were critical for the employers [ `` patronato '' , slight more ideological in nature ] , who wants to fire without any hassles , to lower wages and be able to count with a huge pool of precarious labour , as well as a fiscal and social ecology that favours `` business '' . 
  they provided them with added legitimacy by parroting about an economy which was only composed of companies , businessmen and `` entrepreneurs '' , but in which workers are just a monthly bore when they have to pay salaries . 
  ** they offered them a political soapbox like never before , and one in which the `` economy '' has started to mean to rule as they ruled , that is to say that the `` economy '' demands a right-wing government and that `` the markets '' are above democracy and elections . 
  nobody better than mario draghi has answered them last week by pointing out that `` instability '' can be prejudicial to the economy but that democracy is more important .
