  in one situation in bristol one house was shared by 27 persons - each room had 7 portuguese and two mattresses . 
  ( ... ) this is the vicious cycle of a slave 's life , in the words of a worker . 
  ] ( https://www.publico.pt/sociedade/noticia/trabalhadores-portugueses-explorados-no-reino-unido-1147650 ) this is but one of the many examples you can find by searching the news , and which happen in the uk , holland , germany , etc. 
  as [ this church memo ] ( http://www.agencia.ecclesia.pt/noticias/documentos/conclusoes-do-encontro-de-reflexao-sobre-emigracao-portuguesa-na-europa/ ) mentions lack of education , lack of knowledge of the language and lack of knowledge about their rights lead to this . 
  i can simpatise that all of this comes as a shock since you have your own path in terms of working abroad , more tied with the idea of `` the world is my oyster '' and all that ( that 's my situation as well , to be clear , i can work abroad because i have the experience and qualifications necessary to mostly pick and choose ) , but the reality of out immigration is still mostly the above , and this is the reason why even you will find that some will assume you are there for some menial job just by looking at your name . 
   the thais would still willing to work for that , would live in poor conditions close to work , and would work weekend without demanding anything . 
  that 's not how it workers : it 's illegal to earn less than the legal minimum , and it is illegal to work unpaid overtime . 
  both of these can be inspected - and indeed recently there were many inspections on this , one of the owners expressed his horror in the work inspectors being able to enter his `` private property '' without his consent . 
   to avoid exploitation one there would have to be better human rights legislations , unfortunately this reality still exists nowadays . 
  a decent wage for a decent living is to me a human rights issue . 
   i do n't understand why the need for east asian labour . 
  does n't this just means that unemployed people in portugal are unwillling to work for the minimum wage ? 
  yes , of course . 
  using a purely market-based approach this should mean that the wages would have to increase in order to cater for reduced offer but importing people who live in the fields without basic sanitation solves this issue nicely . 
  take this [ article from the right-wing observador ] ( http://observador.pt/especiais/trabalhadores-agricolas-em-odemira/ ) , named `` in the alentejo , bordering slavery '' . 
  some quotes :  i do n't like when they start making demands about wage and transportation , when they think that we pay too little . 
   the business owner knows that `` the minimum salary is low '' but says that `` that is a political problem '' and that he ca n't pay more than the 485 $ / month because the competition does n't match it  `` it 's complex to provide transportation for those 50km away '' ( ... ) and he admits that `` it 's hard to justify a job where the pay is very little and one ends up working for the sake of it ''  the thais choose to live near the farm , ** inside containers . 
  `` they prefer to live cosier , they are used to live in a community setting '' ** ( bold mine , i find this justification delicious , it reminds me of some of the justification for having slaves sleeping on top of each other ) . 
   `` it was ten hours a day , every day , and they wanted us to work on saturdays . 
  inside it 's very hot . ( ... ), 
  the 20m break in the morning was added to the afternoon shift ( ... )  one day she got up to straighten her back and was ** accused of not holding the correct position . 
  `` one ca n't be on one 's knees or standing . 
  it 's a slightly fascist system '' **  `` for them this is wonderful '' , says the business owner actually , now that i think about it , this is indeed somewhat related to your comment about conquistadors : the spirit of slavery is alive and well and it simply has a new ideological backing , some of the expressions used by the owners would not be out of place in an owner of an `` engenho '' in brazil . 
  the above are , by the way , the kind of work the portuguese do abroad , using the same justification as the thais : the work conditions are shit and unacceptable for most natives , but good enough for them . 
   or maybe some also like to go to other countries , like myself , so that they can experience new opportunities , environments and better conditions for the career that go beyond asking for more money . 
  yes , some are likely to take advantage of that , especially those who come from a middle-class background and thus can take advantage of those opportunities . 
  given that portugal has one of the most impoverished populations in europe and is still lagging in terms of education the vast majority of people who immigrate are not the entrepreneur poster-boys of `` business mobility '' but simply people who go abroad to work in the construction and assembly-lines , living in squalor ( often in overcrowded containers ) . 
  i understand that this is n't an image that the portuguese abroad who are in other areas like but it is nonetheless the image that portuguese immigration has by and large . 
  the exceptions ( almost all from the last decade ) do not make up for the number of people who in the present year leave portugal to end up living in the streets in luxembourg after a process of human trafficking . 
  this is why i replied focusing on the `` our immigration is a kind of modern discoveries , we 're so mobile ! '', 
  part : our immigration is largely based on poverty and lack of opportunities here and mostly `` recruits '' from the lower social stratum , asking someone from any country with a relevant portuguese community what they think of them should make this quite clear . 
   if anything , if people would have less opportunities to leave and were `` forced '' to stay , i can see a situation where the gov. 
  would lower the salaries and/or raise taxes , to be able to pay for the unemployment benefits . 
  i do n't see why , even recently one of the excuses of those that in portugal say that they `` are forced '' to import seasonal east asian labour was that `` alas , we must pay minimum wage to stay competitive with the others here , if only it was higher we would not mind , honestly ! '' . 
  i say that we give all this patriotic business owners the opportunity to excel . 
  as i said , i 'm all for people to search opportunities were they like . 
  i do not feel that i am however obliged to put the concerns of those abroad over those who have n't left . 
  well , you ca n't eat your cake and have it too : if the 3.2 % we have right now is due to the success of the troika then all this talk about sanctions and rescue packages is pure political pressure and/or a punishment for having followed the prescribed policy . 
  the eu ca n't both be praised for providing a successful recipe ( which i 'm not debating in detail but with which i disagree , portugal ended the troika programme with a 7.2 % deficit , the second highest in europe ) and then be justified in proposing punishment for not meeting the goals . 
   , but we have 20 % migrants because we like to pretend we are conquistadors . 
  you were likely tongue-in-cheek but this is feel-good bullshit . 
  the immigration we have has always been of unqualified labour from rural areas which went abroad to make a living , and hardly any of them had any idea about the epicness of the discoveries : they were very poor , illiterate and followed an immigration trend that had some basis on past history ( brazil in the 19th century , for example , the us as well ) but which was different from the `` immigration '' during the previous period of colonisation . 
  we continue , by the way , to export low-skilled , unqualified labour , it 's just than now we also send those with tertiary education . 
  this as molded the view most of these countries have of portugal and the portuguese , nobody looks at those earning half of what a native would ask and living in a shitty shed as `` conquistadors '' but as dispensable cheap labour from the bottom of the social pyramid . 
  personally , and in a selfish way , i ca n't wait for stricter immigration laws from all the countries where our immigrants flock to , i 'm a bit tired of having to ear that i should vote for this and that because `` we also have many people living abroad '' . 
  perhaps without this escape people would actually demand better pay here instead of importing people from east asia to work on the crops . 
   tl ; dr - we followed the eu austerity , the result is not what eu wanted by 0,2 % , now they want to sanction their own way , when our new government will get the result this year . 
  it is still our fault . 
  i said in a comment here a couple of years ago when this started that this would be the outcome : we would follow the orders , they would fail and then be punished because nobody forced us to follow orders and it 's our fault ( and i actually agree with this , nobody respects a doormat ) . 
  what schaeuble said was like he said years ago : a blatant form of blackmail that immediately had an impact on the markets and thus made the situation for portugal more difficult , a self-fulfilling prophecy that is used as a clear form of political pressure over the current government . 
  everyone has written how austerity has failed , how the imf was wrong , how there was a glitch in the excel file , etc , but this matters very little or nothing . 
  the eu position on the sanctions due to the deficit are another case where there is an obvious political componente : portugal followed ( actually more than followed , we had true believers in charge which went above and beyond what was asked in terms of austerity , as they themselves have admitted ) the eu recipe , which led to the deficit which the eu now wants to sanction . 
  this is clearly about the present government and not the past one . 
   some time ago juncker said eu would n't sanction france , cuz france is france , they also wont sanction germany surplus . 
  `` manda quem pode , obedece quem deve '' , as salazar used to say ( `` orders from those who can , obedience for those who must '' ) . 
  that the eu did n't try to hide it merely a week after brexit just makes it clear that all the talk about `` rebuilding the eu '' is mostly posturing . 
  the comments around here are also enlightening : we should accept what is given by the good overlords with a smile , lest they think we are not grateful and need to straighten us out . 
  the more time passes the more i find this eu repugnant . 
  from the news article : `` the german finance minister has said this wednesday that lisbon is on path for a second rescue programme , but latter recanted and explain that that scenario will only be applicable if european rules `` are n't followed '' . 
  the portuguese finance ministry has issue a statement denying any intention of asking for a rescue plan . 
  carlos c\u00e9sar , from the [ ruling ] socialist party , spoke of a `` persistent arrogance '' of the german minister . '', 
   it 's just now that people who 've thought i 'd better shut my mouth , now think it 's appropriate to open it and spread the hate . 
  this is , of course , correct . 
  it still does n't diminish the shock of it all though , and i 'm talking specifically about the many references to `` close friends '' , `` coworkers '' , etc. 
  that i 've been reading about - note , not just complete strangers who belong to a certain segment of the population which is attracted to that kind of scapegoating ... 
  i 'm trying to keep things in proportion since what one reads online is hardly ever without a certain bias , but it nonetheless makes me think of arendt 's `` banality of evil '' . 
  the same applies to several european languages by the way ( saying this because many people are oblivious to everything you said and that portuguese is the most spoken language in the bottom half of the world and so will fail to empathise ) . 
  but even for those who do not have significant relevance outside their territory the the same objection applies , namely that each language is part of the cultural and affective heritage of a certain country or region and trying to replace it with something else is in general doomed . 
  btw :  keep in mind thisis already what africa has done , africa has n't done that since africa as a whole in not english-speaking . 
  note that i understand op reasoning , in a way , but trying to force a completely foreign language as a `` cultural language '' seems both artificial and impoverishing to me . 
  people are able to learn multiple languages , and in several places i know this is actually quite normal : people in certain parts of france and germany will know their local `` dialect '' plus two other `` main '' languages , on top of what they learn as foreign languages . 
  as for  i am a swede temporarily in the us for business , and i will not be teaching my children swedish each one of us will do whatever we think is best for our children . 
  i have to say , since this is in a public forum , that not taking advantage of the opportunity to have them be bilingual seems odd to me ( since that would be the default result ) and instead of increasing their opportunities it makes them lose contact with a part of what they are , and this without any added benefit . 
   the only language they will need is english . 
  it 's the future . 
  this is debatable in itself and much more when proposing english as a substitute . 
  actually technology will likely have a word here since the idea that we need to learn languages at all is bound to be challenged sooner than latter . 
  ahh yes , moldova , i know the situation and know several people with similar origin . 
  hope all turns out well and hurry back , we need people here too :d, 
  yes , that is true and is what i said in another thread : this yobbish underbelly was well-known , is not limited to the uk ( although it has certain distinctive characteristics there ) and has been worse ( cf. 
  `` rivers of blood '' and all of that ) . 
  that said , ang going by what i 'm reading both here and in national newspapers , it does seem that the victory of leave made externalising it more acceptable , and this is what we 're being faced with : it 's not that xenophobia increased but that for some the result is a validation of their views and thus the ( little ) social stigma that kept it from being expressed is shed away . 
  what 's more , `` these '' people are not limited to the stereotyped dwellers of council houses in post-industrial cities in decline ; just like everywhere else there is a chunk of the middle-class that embraces it . 
  some examples from [ today ] ( http://www.jn.pt/nacional/interior/portugueses-vitimas-de-ataques-racistas-apos-vitoria-do-brexit-5253757.html ) : * london : portuguese woman spat on and injured with an english flags ; same treatment for polish coworkers . 
  * wrexham : surge of reports about verbal and physical abuse _ by coworkers _ , as well as verbal offenses near portugues-owned establishments . 
  * wrexham : female bus driver mocked at the post office after asking for information about the residency cards ( balanced by gifts of flowers and chocolate from others ) . 
  * thetford : family spat on and insulted , worker physically attacked by boss . 
  * suggestions to avoid using identifiable clothing , such as portuguese jerseys , in order to not draw attention . 
  now , this is all anedoctical of course but it is in line with what a certain segment of the population expected from this referendum . 
  what 's the third one if i may ask ? 
  oh for fuck 's sake , it seems like / r/europe is just now discovering this as it was somehow caused by brexit . 
  the uk always had this yob underbelly ( as most other countries , but in the uk it 's very easy to see since it has become part of popular culture for those of us who still follow british culture and society ) and this far predates any talk about the eu this same video could have been taken last year or ten years ago , asbo chavs in edl marches is not a new scenery nor will it suddenly become _ de rigueur _ because of the referendum . 
  i would say that different people will give you different answers and my position on this is not necessarily a reflection on what most people here think ( and even less so spain ) , but i will say that the `` two velocity '' expression is most often used not in terms of choosing but being forced to , and when it is used as a choice it 's mostly in terms of leaving the euro or something like that . 
  as for inner circles i do n't think i take a big risk in saying that their existence is pretty much taken as a reality today , and from what i can gather mostly accepted by the pro-eu parties . 
  i know they do n't decide anything ( legally , at least , or better yet , formally , because in reality much is actually decided in these meetings ) but it clearly shows how the eu actually works and , more to the point , how the eu is for many actually supposed to work : you debate the important stuff in an inner circle and then work out the finer details with the masses . 
  the action itself , regardless of `` not deciding anything '' ( which is debatable ) , is for me highly symbolic of how a `` use '' would work . 
  this is so much so that even centre and right-wing news source ( but pro-eu ) reported it in portugal and spain as a sign of a `` two-velocity '' europe and an `` untimely '' action since it could fuel the arguments of those against it . 
  ... and that makes you someone with good taste . 
   should we now , ( with the most pesky member - state leaving ) push for the united states of europe ? 
  yes , and a good start to show that we are up to a good beginning is for angela merkel ( i 'm if anything a germanophile so this is n't about merkel in particular ) to summon 6 countries to decide on what to do - it really drives home the idea of a new approach .
