  even for economy itself . 
  ** never like today was there such a powerful ideological and communication machine , well-oiled to protect these economic and political interests . 
  ** from increasingly more aggressive conservative `` think thanks '' in universities and foundations , all with ample funding , to the media that from newspapers to tv channels have become almost unanimous in their support of the psd-cds government . 
  another of the perverse effects of the presidential address was to condition the next presidential elections to focus on the dilemma of dissolving or not the parliament . 
  the sheer importance of this dilemma , which will dominate those elections , reveals the mistake of ps in throwing down the towel in the presidential elections [ the socialist party has decided not to present a candidate for the next presidential elections ] due to internal problems , thus handing the presidency to the candidate of the right and the media . 
  they will pay a steep price for that option . 
  lastly , the president , with his declaration of war , will have the war that he declared . 
  by appealing to mutiny in the ps ranks he has made it much harder that any of them will disobey the party line , under penalty of becoming pariahs in their own party . 
  ** he has helped to consolidate the will of ps , be and pcp to face jointly psd-cds , and has open an avenue to the immediate announcement , which had n't occurred yet , that the socialist party will present a motion of reject by itself ** . 
  he has helped in making ps , be and pcp more able to compromise , faced with a common adversary and a clearer conscience that only a socialist government that lasts will allow them all , and not just ps , to overcome the legitimacy deficit that stems from psd being the most voted party and they not having clearly presented this solution before the elections . 
  where the message of the president - suggesting , even if not clearly , that he can keep passos coelho government in management until new elections - is more serious is in the confrontation it makes with the parliament . 
  this because even assuming that the government is kept in a management-only arrangement , the parliament is not under such constraints . 
  it maintains all its constitutional rights . 
  it can not only block any legislation that the government presents , it can by itself legislate and intervene in many acts that the government wants to practice . 
  in other words , in a situation of conflict between a government which the parliament refused and its own powers , the parliament can `` govern '' without limitations in many different subjects . 
  and what will the president do ? 
  veto everything , send them back for appreciation , send them to the constitutional court ? 
  ** the precedents of this conflict can produce show how the presidential address is what is truly in the threshold of abuse and usurpation of powers . 
  regardless of your obvious liberty to vote on whom you prefer , there is something in your comments that i found somewhat wanting ... you do n't seem to actually mention any policies at all . 
  for the sake of argument , and with all the simplifications this entails : * are you in favour of a public national healthcare , in contrast with increased privatisation of core parts of it ? 
  * are you in favour of a public national education system , in contrats with increased privatisation of core parts of it ? 
  * are in in favour of an increase of the minimum wage ? 
  * are you in favour of stopping and reverting policies which undermine any kind of worker 's rights ? 
  i 'm asking because if you 're against all of them , and voted `` on the left '' ( i.e. 
  socialist party ) , then i 'm not sure if voting for the right is n't really your logical choice . 
  if not , then i would expect you to consider the importance of those points ( and others ) and judge a government by the way it deals with them . 
  that , or you can just be against anything that is passed with votes from the communist party . 
  i can also see some merit here , but ultimately i would prefer to focus on policies . 
   but he is n't wrong , having a ps government hostage of an anti euro anti eu and anti nato parties is too ridiculous . 
  i suppose it depends on one 's vantage point . 
  for me there is nothing more ridiculous and dangerous than allowing the right-wing coalition to do even one more action . 
  these seems to be shared by other parties , and curiously enough enough deputies to have a majority in the parliament.i suppose that this is why we have elections , it appears that different people have different opinions on what should be done . 
  as for cavaco silva , that every newspaper today , from left to right , basically said that his speech would be considered for decades to come an example on what not to say speaks volumes . 
  that you agree with him is not bad in itself but using some of the words that your side likes to throw around , it 's an extremist and radical view which has no acceptance in the majority of public opinion . 
   that 's not the case in portugal ... opposition will oppose yes , i can already see the right-wing parties opposing many of the obvious and sensible policies that will be proposed by the socialist government , just out of ideological spite . 
  quite sad really , could n't they just have a more constructive position ? 
  i 'm always at awe when others insist on not voting on matters i see as so obviously correct . 
   even if they know austerity is needed is that one of the categorical principles that should be inscribed in the constitution or , better yet , have the current president write down a a condition for government ? 
  we might as well stop having elections , they are very confusing and can upset the markets . 
  the idea that austerity is some ideologically neutral policy is perhaps one of the most obvious examples of the conditioning of public opinion . 
  the right-wing opposition to a left government is almost schizophrenic is nature : the parties on the left are hard-liners , radicals , extremist which always oppose everything ... which is why when they compromise and negotiate a viable government they should be prevented from doing so . 
   are even against nato and eu . 
  i think you are getting behind the times . 
  the way things are going there is little impact on either of those . 
  blame it on the way the eu was transformed into a political arm of the epp in such a way that even the social democratic / socialist parties are now trapped . 
  ugh , not you guys again ... 
  no , i do n't think it 's very different at all , at least in terms of its essence . 
  it 's actually very similar to the examples given by the pr in his post-election speech when he talked about stability in advanced democracies . 
  that it never happened before it 's a given but that that 's because it was never possible to reach an agreement on the left . 
  so much so that the cds leader has said multiple times in the previous elections that voters should keep in mind that the psd result by itself was n't the end all , what mattered for a right-wing government was that the sum of both had more than 50 % . 
  it 's clearly a matter of who does it and not of the legitimacy of the option . 
  disliking the proportional method is of course valid and those who see the elections as an election for the pm should campaign for a fptp implementation imo . 
   but this decision was made only after both liberal parties already lost the election . 
  the only problem with this is that , while being truth , assumes that in portugal ( and most of europe ) this is somehow unheard of . 
  actually plenty of right-wing and central block majorities were formed in this way and it was never an issue - one just needs to look no further than the first government of the current coalition , formed * after * psd and cds were elected . 
  only after that term did they decided to run jointly . 
  this is very different from what happens in the usa , i know . 
   i 'm going to be honest i do n't really understand how your parliamentary systems work or what powers the prime minister has . 
  this is a parliamentary democracy in which the president has limited powers , but those limited powers are mostly concentrated at times like this . 
  that said , it will be the number of mps that actually make a difference : the current government now has a few days until the first motion for rejection is submitted ( all three left-wing parties have already confirm that they will ) , passes and the parliament is dissolved . 
  essentially this would mean a hung parliament , * except * that the left has ( apparently ) agreed on a joint programme that can be used to back a government . 
   it seems that now things have n't gone their way ( for the socialists or the communists ) they 're now willing to compromise with each other . 
  more or less . 
  both expressed before the elections that they would n't vote in favour of a right-wing government . 
  actually , the socialist party was heavily attacked because of these and the right-wing coalition made a campaign around it . 
  in any event it 's obvious ( and common ) that parties which aim to have an absolute majority have to change their tactics when they fail to achieve it . 
  bear in mind that our election method is relatively proportional and not particularly tilted towards favouring absolute majorities , and this is by design . 
   portuguese redditors : is this as incredibly bad as it sounds ? 
  depends on who you ask . 
  for me , yes , but not because of the choice of the right-wing coalition to form a government . 
  i 'm very partial since i 'm from one of the left-wing parties mentioned . 
  there were many ways the president could go on about this , and most of them would not include using the words he used . 
  he could just appoint the current pm by saying that he was from the most voted party , this would not be controversial at all . 
  he , however , decided to go on a diatribe about what parties should never be a part of any kind of government solution and at the same time * appealed to the socialist party mps to vote against party lines * , which is something not less astounding . 
  he also , as mentioned in the news , made explicit references to `` the markets '' in a way which was seen as trying to undo what the socialist party leader did last week in his tour around europe and giving interviews to the wsj , financial times , etc. 
  his speech was seen as extremely partisan and ultimately only served to make the socialist party unite around their leader ( not a small feat since this left-wing approach has some very visible and vocal opposition inside ) , and today the president of parliament was elected by the left-wing majority in a confrontational way that served to make a stand imo . 
  one thing that those reading this should note is that regardless of the opinion on either the left block or the communist party and their policies both of them said from the get-go that a joint programme would not find an obstacle on areas which the socialist party would n't accept parting with , including all the areas mentioned in the speech ( nor would the socialist party accept them anyway ) . 
  so this means that it is n't even about actual policies but strictly an ideological issue . 
  most people from the right that i 'm reading and hearing ( and especially those who i consider reasonable ) are opting by an approach based on saying that the president did n't actually said what he did , so this should say something about the situation . 
  most will also focus on the `` but he just did what one would expect ! '', 
  bit , which disregards the second part of the speech . 
  the appointement of pedro passos coelho in itself is of no concern and does n't move any passions . 
  hahahaha i know exactly what you mean hahahaha . 
   this will be the last nail on the coffin of euro-communism the pcp was never eurocommunist . 
  and it has participated in the government before . 
  i 'm feeling caught between those who see the pcp as a 21st century incarnation of the cpsu and those who see it as opportunist . 
   and the fraud of communist parties participating in capitalist goverment i disagree with this generic approach to the situation since i think that each reality has specific objective conditions which make it unique . 
  what syriza said and done binds syriza and personally , while not a fan , i can almost understand their final capitulation , one country is likely not enough to fight against an eu which is a vehicle for the ppe . 
  the pcp never said it would n't participate in government - but the conditions to do so are based on actual policies that need to be agreed upon . 
  this agreement , when considering the socialist party programme , entails compromises . 
  your position ( and that of your countryman ) is that any such compromise is ultimately accepting defeat . 
  i understand the reasoning behind it but i personally do not agree - but the stress is on the `` personally '' since i also expressed my opinion on how i see the majority of the party . 
   you 'd wish it does n't lead to any agreement . 
  that 's the position that will likely triumph . 
   justifying new austerity on lenin will be even more far-fetched than justifying a coalition with a 21st century socialist party , along with continued involvement in the eu and nato . 
  i did n't justify anything with lenin , i was careful enough to say that the situation were not comparable . 
  that said at the present time eu and nato membership are to me points that would have to be accepted in the short-term , even if ( especially for nato , but also for what the eu nowadays signifies ) those would be issues in which there would n't be a change in position but a clear and transparent tactical compromise . 
   and you can bet that this is what you would be doing . 
  that is the debate that is being had at the moment . 
  i have my own position on it but as i said i do n't think i 'm part of the majority .
