could you explain a little more about this ? 
  certainly , but [ this article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tricolour_ ( flag \\ ) ) does a good job at it : basically the french _ tricolore _ was used as the main inspiration for a lot of popular ( in a broad sense , i would say mainly bourgeois actually ) movements related with the rise of nationalism ( and generally closely associated with republicanism , independence , etc ) :  after 1848 , the young republican nation states continued to pick triband designs , but now more prevalently expressing the sentiment of nationalism or ethnic identity than anti-monarchism , the flag of hungary ( 1848 ) , the flag of romania ( 1848 ) , the flag of ireland ( 1848 ) , the flag of estonia ( 1880s ) , the flag of lithuania ( 1905 ) , and the flag of armenia ( 1918 ) just like the anthem , the flag of the french republic was emulated throughout the world in the context of popular uprisings related to new concepts of nationhood - and like the french flag all sorts of symbolism was generally retrofitted into the chosen colours . 
  because of the [ spring of nations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1848 ) set forth in large measure by the napoleonic wars . 
  it was at this period that `` nationalism '' really appeared in most of europe , with the breaking of old imperial organisations ( like the holy roman empire ) and the idea that sovereignty was attached to `` the people '' . 
  this is when national anthems really appeared since before they were not necessary since `` national '' was mostly tied with the royal house . 
  that is also why there are so many tricoloured flags . 
  i 'm simplifying a lot here , of course , different regions had different backgrounds , e.g. 
  central europe would fit this quite well whereas the uk and portugal would not , but you get the gist of it . 
  this , in turn , would be tied with the advance of science to form a somewhat complex mix that would be the basis of ethno-nationalism , partially inspired by the concepts of _ blut un boden _ - which was something that before this time was hardly considered something fundamental for statehood . 
  sounds like the soundtrack of an heidi episode ... 
  [ molitva russkikh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3hqdrvlxbc ) - same tune . 
  there were different anthems throughout the xix century in russia , this one is one of the first of the russian empire iirc . 
  as a counterpoint , i think that gstk/q is a very good anthem exactly because of what is perceived as dullness ; since it is older is does n't follow the typically xix century fashion of using military marches as anthems , which gives it some distinction to my hears . 
  also , it was used by many countries ( at one point it was the anthem of russia as well , amongst others ) due to that . 
  the french national anthem is part of the more martial anthems and inspired many others - like the flag itself . 
  i have explored this theme a bit when i was making a reconstitution of the portuguese anthem evolution ( i actually did a complete reconstitution of an anthem which had no recorded instance , directly from old sources , was quite fun and is now plastered all over youtube with no attribution , little bastards ) and the trend is noticeable : from an almost renaissance polyphonic tradition ( gstq , and also if you squint the right way `` adestis fidelis '' , which was not a `` national anthem '' but was used for the royal family , also many others possibly ) , to more military-inclined songs ( marches , mostly ) from the end of the xvii century and finally all the way into an almost baroque classical composition ( i would say that italy 's anthem falls here ) , especially in the second half of the xix - remember , we 're talking about the `` spring of nations '' in the mid-xix century , lots of nationalism around the mainland from regions which were n't countries yet . 
  in the xx century this tradition continued , i think , and most anthems will have a military nature to them ( even in the lyrics ) . 
  also , everyone ( i mean , the _ vox populi _ ) seems to think their flag and anthem are the best , or at least among the best . 
  which is mostly bollocks : every time i hear someone calling the portuguese flag `` the most beautiful in the world '' i cringe and suggest a visit to the optometrist , for example . 
  anthems are a bit the same , even if they are dull , overly complex and with shitty lyrics people are exposed to them so early and they carry so much symbolism that they become like that ugly-to-average girl ( or boy ) after one month of camping : `` hey , it looks pretty good after all ! '', 
  spain is hardly a weak country , and much less so when something like this is on the table . 
  the elections today are at most another step for those who want independence . 
  one thing that is missing from all of this is the lengths to which those from either side are willing to go . 
  not in opposition to / u/vanadiopt comment ( but to provide a different perspective since we are after all talking from a personal perspective and not as spokespersons of our countries ) , most countries in europe will avoid even talking about this unless there is no other option . 
  for portugal in particular ( but applicable to many others ) i would think that recognition of catalonia will never be made before there is a un position on the matter or something to that effect ... actually in our case i would n't find it surprising that even then we would procrastinate , not because of individual ill-feeling towards catalonians at all but due to our particular position in the region ; otoh from a * realpolitik * perspective this would be a good time to bring oliven\u00e7a to the table , since we are talking about recognising borders , but that would have to be considered within the larger number of cross-border agreements we have and which are all with what would still be spain `` proper '' . 
  i 'm just throwing some thoughts , nothing very serious , it 's really hard to envision what could happen . 
  in a way it is `` interesting '' in that it poses completely new challenges ( this is not similar to the scotland situation at all , there everyone was at least in agreement about secession being possible and the referendum having that effect , that is not the case in spain ) . 
  if the eu backs spain ( and many countries are not overly eager to support catalonia since they also have domestic issues of a similar vein ) we could be faced with the notion of a quasi-embargo of an european country/region in the 21st century . 
  mine is from a german company , that is why i mentioned it , not because it is specifically a german trait . 
  personally i 'm glad for this . 
  i have a company car perk and apparently this deception was what allowed me to choose a particular model , otherwise it would have been ruled out due to emissions limits . 
  yay german companies and their flexible relation with the truth . 
  or gaulish , a celtic language which is extinct but is well known from inscriptions . 
  it was a p-celtic language spoken in continental europe , and in that regard akin to welsh and different from goidelic/celtiberian . 
  in any event there is a lot of room for interpretation and the language trees are an ongoing debate ; still , the connection between celtic and latin is not something new and lepontic is seen as a transition language of sorts . 
  some authors use a celtic-latin family which would then further differentiate with time , all within the framework of pie evolution . 
  these castilian eastern europeans do that to be considered central , 
  on the eastern front . 
  we also had one interview with the one syrian refugee that somehow is studying in portugal for some years now , oh the humanity !, 
  this to me is the same for portuguese , unless i 'm looking for local stuff or international stuff with some local bias it 's not really worth of if one knows english ... 
  i mean , there is a lot of stuff but even when it is international it has a slight parochial character which does n't really attract me , that on top of africa and brazil having obviously different communities so even the local stuff is only local to some . 
  around here i can.mostly assume that people will have a broader perspective , otherwise i would have to be on fb or orkut or hi5 . 
  i 'm afraid you 're going either ignore the post ( something which you will not regret , truth be told ) or spend the entire twenty seconds it takes to read it ; it 's a topic which requires some care and there is only so much parsimony one can exercise without inducing others in error . 
  i severely doubt it . 
  regardless of some superficial empathy with others most people in a position of power in portugal view the peninsula as a `` us and spain '' way , and what catalonia does is seen as an internal affair . 
  having a different position would put portugal a bit too much amidst other `` regions '' , something which is completely anathema . 
  partially our own nationalism is based on having eight centuries as a nation and half of that as an empire , with those to the right of the border also having some relevant moments here and there but which are seen as echoes and little more ( not saying this is true , but this is the national discourse , and these are often in not always exaggerated and biased ) . 
  this does n't play well with the view of `` iberia of many nations '' , in particular because many nationalist movements have a federalist proposal latter on , and this is seen as dragging us into something we are not interested in . 
  in a way `` supporting '' catalonia independence ( as a country , not as an individual ) is risky because you end up having by your side those within those independence movements which make parallels with portugal , and _ for us _ those parallels are mostly irrelevant and above all dangerous . 
  this is perhaps why you do n't see us comment a lot in this threads , it 's a matter in which there is honestly little to be gained from a strictly political perspective ( again , i 'm not talking about individual opinions on the right to self-determination ) : if you are actively against it you end up looking as hostile towards others , if you are actively for it you end up risking being pointed as interested in bringing doom to spain due to historic rivalry and at the same time risk `` stepping down '' to the level of a region by those within the independence movement . 
  furthermore , we have no border with catalonia , but we do have borders - including rivers , nuclear power plants , etc. 
  - with the rest of spain . 
  this in itself should not be ignored in purely practical terms . 
  the idea that we have some century-old `` plan '' against spain is perhaps popular within some sectors in spain and mostly those outside iberia , but it grossly misrepresents how portugal sees itself and its neighbours . 
  it did exist , but meant another thing , which makes you correct . 
  before the 15th century `` spain '' was a geographic concept and `` spanish people '' was an overall designation for everyone regardless of kingdom - we have plenty of references in medieval portuguese about the `` povos espanhoes '' , meaning anyone from the right side of the pyrenees . 
  with `` spain '' being used for the unification of several other kingdoms with the catholic kings the term stopped being used ( by us at least ) in that manner and `` iberian '' took its place , not without some misunderstandings since we still see `` hispania '' used in the geographic sense well into the 18th century for those writing in latin . 
  partially this meaning of `` spain as the iberian peninsula '' still lingers to this day . 
  well , we are pessimist by nature so that is a tricky question ( because even when things are good we tend to downplay them ) . 
  in the interest of balance let me provide you two views : 1 ) things will start to pick up , the economy is starting to grow because now we `` readjusted '' to a quality of living within or means and have gained the `` confidence of the markets '' , which means that some kind of export-based economy is possible and foreign investment will grow . 
  given further deregulation competition will do its thing and unemployment will decrease , and since portugal is a good place to live ( climate , very secure , historical places , public healthcare which is close to free , etc ) it will be able to attract investment and become a `` hub '' for western/southern europe since it brings european-style security along with low wages . 
  2 ) the race to the bottom is not over yet , the deregulation is continuing . 
  labour relations are at an all time low and even the places which previously had some level of protection have been sold . 
  cuts to public education and public healthcare coupled with the highest levels of emigration since the war in africa ( and hence an increasingly aging population , portugal has iirc the lowest fertility rate in europe or close to it ) will further depopulate the interior . 
  the stress on the public pension system will be tackled by some kind of privatisation which will leave many out to dry . 
  immigration will also likely at some time be presented as a solution ( i.e. 
  we need to import others because we are exporting our own ) , namely by those who would like to pay subsistence-level wages . 
  pick your poison . 
  myself , well , i 'm doing fine but i 'm preparing my children the best that i can so that they can choose to pursue study and work abroad when they finish high-school . 
  one thing that is different and that is perhaps not entirely visible in the numbers is that previously our emigration was overwhelmingly blue-collar , usually from sectors of the population who were poor to begin with in portugal and had little to no education . 
  nowadays this emigration still exists but is coupled more and more by those who finish their tertiary education and leave , or those from professions with very specific requirements ( mds , nurses , healthcare professionals , several engineering fields , etc ) which just pack and leave . 
  the degradation of the `` traditional family '' is likely also a contributing factor , in that people in the cities have been driven to live farther and farther away from where they were born due to housing prices and the like . 
  yes , iirc we introduced the sweet orange from china , hence the name . 
  still , most of us get the reference , 
  hehe , i found it well-made indeed . 
  could use some quick charts for the most popular topics imo , people always like to see rankings on who is evading taxes the most , 
  `` the algarve : where taking the piss is even funnier '', 
  they should stop with all the golf promotion here , the real money is in water sports . 
  interesting , lots of good stuff there . 
  i would say that the most widely known would be [ `` der gute kamerad '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1ckncf1mpk ) . 
  [ \u041f\u043e\u043b\u044e\u0448\u043a\u043e-\u043f\u043e\u043b\u0435 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tynmfvtft3e ) is also an absolute classic - so much so that even [ michael palin gave it a go ] ( https://youtu.be/ll4ktwr3tki?t=2m25s ) . 
  i have also always be partial to [ echelon 's song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuysonnriwk ) , the way the rhythm mimics a steam locomotive is just very catchy . 
  haha , there you have it then , one of this years we can have a reddit stand there between the debates and the orchestra :d ps : check the german beer and report back . 
  i submitted this mostly because i found it slightly funny , not due to any particular ideological content . 
  the `` avante ! '' festival is a `` classic '' in portugal and was a `` summer festival '' before summer festivals were cool , during the 80s in particular it was extremely influential , and it 's still rather eclectic today ( most people who go there are from other parties ) . 
  that said , one could analyse world changes by the gastronomy of the international section , i remember drinking w\u00f3dka and `` horilka '' ( ? ), 
  there , for example . 
  i understand that , i just think that it is n't a good strategy . 
  i will try to explain why i personally think it is n't , this based on my experience with right-wingers and left-wingers from multiple countries . 
  i will use portugal as an example but this can be expanded to most other countries . 
  let me begin by this :  portugal is far from perfect and profiting from immigration so he should n't be against immigration the problem here is that `` portugal '' is n't a person or a family , and i think you over-estimate how people feel about the ones who go abroad to work . 
  let me just say that in general people are either neutral or slightly embarrassed , and the answer he gave you shows this : you can and should deport them all , that would be great . 
  you see , people with a phd working here and earning one-third of what someone with no qualifications does by cleaning houses or doing construction work in switzerland or luxembourg have very little empathy with their toils and , even worse , feel that the rather unsophisticated demeanor of those who ( typically ) emigrated reflects badly on them . 
  the idea that they ( those who remain in portugal ) should be further `` penalised '' ( let 's assume that accepting immigrants is seen in this fashion ) is simply unbearable . 
  if you consider a right-wingers , this is even more so : the * less * economic migrants from portugal the better , for the reasons above and because it fits into the `` if we need more population , look no further '' discourse . 
  you will find that the go-to reply from right-wingers about `` what about the portuguese abroad ??? '', 
  is generally a ) in general they form peaceful communities , blablabla and b ) it is the host country right to send them all home , and we should do the same . 
   do you think western european far right wingers care about portuguese , eastern european or refugees from syria ? 
  the kind of right-wingers you are talking about generally does n't care about most others , but that also applies to those in portugal : since they are extremely nationalistic they do not need or expect sympathy from others . 
  in portugal it 's against africans , brazilians , eastern europeans , just like in other countries it is against all of these plus portuguese , italians , spaniards , etc.
