  shortly after insurgent groups appear in.africa and portugal fights a decade.long war across africa which consumes 80 % of the gdp . 
  for many reasons this period was when the colonies were more.developed , the larger cities were pretty good and in many ways the portuguese there had a more cosmopolitan perspective . 
  revolution in 74 , independence for the colonies which start civil wars . 
  macau only leaves after hong kong though , and.timor was the last episode . 
  as for `` style '' , portugal was never.rich so that.influences.what was.made , while in general being big on spreading religion , language and culture , . even when in.small.numbers . 
  a tendency to a certain.easygoing relation with the natives is generally pointed , although not avoiding the odd massacre . 
  on the other hand , that was arguably the reason why the dutch were n't able to do the same in brasil or even other parts of india / asia - they had to deal with a native population heavily converted by the portuguese jesuits to whom fighting against calvinist heretics was a mission in itself . 
  well , they had a minister in the non-elected government after the revolution which enacted the minimum wage law , i guess some sectors will never forgive this blow to competitiveness , especially when workers wasted all the money in things like beds for their children . 
  the markets do n't really value this sort of luxuries . 
  at least you have the luxury of having at least one neighbour you like . 
  the portuguese are considerably more `` tragic '' as a people , this does n't surprise me and i do n't even think it is directly related to the economic crisis . 
  it 's a national trait that caughts off-guard those who assume a more meridional demeanor ( which we also have in other ways , just not in the `` happy as a clam '' one - spaniards are more joyous imo ) . 
  it was a question not directly aimed at you , merely related to your post and made more to pinpoint the complexity of this issues . 
  so ... abortion in the last week of gestation is fine and a human right ? 
  i 'm personally against criminalisation of abortion and support state-provided care but while i admit that it 's hard to make arbitrary limits apart from conception and birth i am against limitless abortions regardless of duration ( and considering most countries have legislation that imposes such limits i 'm not alone ) . 
  it 's an interesting question only to those who have been able to avoid any serious reading . 
  and [ china should know better than make assumptions based on size ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baishaling_incident )  the baishaling incident , also known as the battle of passale\u00e3o ( or pakshanlan ) , [ a ] was a conflict between portugal and china over macau in august 1849 . 
  ** the chinese were defeated in the only military confrontation ** ( ... )  the portuguese governor , jo\u00e3o maria ferreira do amaral , had adopted a confrontational stance towards the chinese , as displayed in the earlier revolt of the faiti\u00f5es ( october 1846 ) . 
  in early 1849 he proposed to extend a road from the walls of the city to the chinese border . 
  this required the relocation of some chinese graves . 
  further , he ordered chinese residents within the walls to pay taxes to the portuguese authorities and no longer to the imperial mandarins . 
  ( ... )  matters came to a head on 22 august , when amaral and his aide-de-camp , lieutenant jer\u00f3nimo pereira leite , left the town through the portas do cerco ( barrier-gate ) to give alms to an elderly chinese woman whom amaral was supporting . 
  [ 1 ] the two were only a few hundred yard within the gate when a chinese coolie frightened amaral 's horse with a bamboo pole and signalled to his comrades in hiding . 
  ** the one-armed governor held the reins with his teeth in order to draw his pistol . 
  before he could do so , he was set upon by seven chinese , armed only with edged weapons , and dragged from his horse . 
  leite , also armed , was dismounted and fled on foot . 
  intending to collect the reward in guangzhou , the assassins cut off amaral 's head and remaining hand as proof ** . 
  the portuguese authorities retrieved the rest of his corpse and traced a blood trail out of the gate . 
  the assassination was well known in guangzhou , where the evidence had been widely seen and the perpetrators openly bragged . 
  when the portuguese , supported by the americans , british , french and spanish , protested the assassins ' escape to the chinese government , the latter claimed complete ignorance of the event . 
  ( ... )  in the aftermath of the assassination , sensing portuguese weakness , the chinese moved troops closer to the city . 
  on 25 august the guns of the imperial fort at baishaling , about one mile north of the city , opened fire on the walls of macau . 
  [ 1 ] the field artillery and naval guns of the portuguese returned fire , but could do little damage to the chinese fort . 
  ** with about 400 men and 20 cannons , the chinese greatly outnumbered and outgunned the portuguese garrison . 
  in this situation , vicente nicolau de mesquita , an artillery sub-lieutenant , volunteered to lead an attack on baishaling with a company of about thirty-six men and a howitzer . 
  the howitzer got off only one shot before its carriage broke down , but the shell caused a panic among the chinese troops . 
  mesquita then led a charge , and the surprised chinese broke and ran ** . 
  now in control of the fort but unable to hold it , mesquita had the guns spiked and exploded the powder magazines . 
  [ 1 ] this was a ( largely forgotten ) garrison in china , so it 's not hard to image that it 's a tad more difficult to `` annex '' us in our own homeland . 
  granted , this period was not exactly china 's brightest moment , but the 19th century was also not out best period . 
  this is awfully jingoistic stuff and there is hardly a debate about who is stronger today ( plus , i 'm deep down a confucionist ) but it never ceases to amaze me that in / r/europe there is always a certain sense of surprise in this matters . 
  let me begin by saying that your initial reaction to the map was very reasonable : azores and madeira do look `` different '' than , say , french guyana in terms of how we tend to perceive colonial possessions . 
  that being said , both of them were discovered , settled and ruled during the early stages of the discoveries , broadly at the same time of the expansion in north africa , the canary islands dispute , cape verde and the whole senegambia region : they were actually colonised following similar policies , albeit the outcome was different . 
  in a way it seems different because we are talking about completely different centuries : portugal presence started in the 15th century , most of what constitutes overseas territories of other countries are a result of 19th century colonialism proper ( `` proper '' in the sense that it is debatable if we can have colonialism without a capitalist system , which was not present during portuguese and spanish expansion ) . 
  in terms of rule , [ capitanias de donat\u00e1rio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/captain-major ) - captain majors - were used , in a similar way they would be used in brazil latter on ( and unlike india where a governor and vice-roy system was implemented , albeit with some captaincies ) . 
   due to the impossibility of exercising direct control and sovereignty over overseas territories , the captain-major was the channel by which the monarch could delegate his powers , with certain restrictions , under the responsibility of peoples he felt he could confide . 
  the donat\u00e1rio could administer , in the sovereign 's name , the lands for which he was assigned , with all the regalia , rights and obligations , with the exception of certain limits , including military authority over soldiers and detachments of the crown , or the administration of justice . 
  this was however no longer in effect during the 18th or 19th century , but they were not considered something special - actually , the same could be said about the rest of the empire , the first portuguese constitution in 1820 only mentions portugal and brazil , the rest is considered as part of portugal itself . 
  only after the revolution in 1974 did they acquire the present status of autonomous regions , with a local assembly and local elections for regional matters . 
  i 'm actually starting to feel the same - not because of the comic itself , but because each time someone posts it i am more convinced that there are plenty of people who actually believe in it . 
  also the last overseas colonial empire . 
  which makes the hard fall rather interesting in perspective ( i.e. 
  maintaining overseas territories is n't in itself an indicator of success ) . 
  it would hurt if our history with japan was limited to 21st century perceptions . 
  but since we were the first to actually reach japan and had quite a decent run there for some decades on unchallenged monopoly ( [ alongside some more gruesome episodes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nossa_senhora_da_gra%c3%a7a_incident ) ) it takes a bit more than that . 
  as it is right now i am not surprised , especially if one considers that ( unlike what most people are apparently assuming ) these characterisations are first and foremost about the economy , and we have indeed been raterh weak for some time now . 
  actually i think that that is a recent trend , in the 80s we used to send the required bad `` pop '' or whatever one might call it . 
  it was still rather ghastly , but imo not more so than most ( on average , some were indeed dire ) . 
  before that we could n't really win since portugal was diplomatically isolated due to the war in africa and all that . 
  at least we had a good excuse then i suppose . 
  not really , at least nothing i would call identifiable . 
  in general the germanic invasion was important in terms of the late antiquity trend of loss of imperial unity but they were always a minority against the hispano-roman population backdrop . 
  that said ... it was important because the political justification of the reconquista was based on the continuity of visigothic rule , and by the 6th century with the conversion away from arianism and into catholicism theybdid become part of the overall picture . 
  the suevi ended up being conquered by the visigoths but before that their kingdom in gallaecia was in a way seen as a symbolic ancestor of the latter gallaecia and indirectly portugal , which used them in opposition of what latter on spain would do with the visigothic kings . 
  if you 're asking for racial or cultural traits , there are words of germanic origin in portuguese , of course , and i would n't discount an origin in ydna haplogroup i from that source , although it 's not easy to separate the suevi from the vandals and visigoths . 
  i did n't mention it although i had it in mind , but that plan was already invalid before our participation : it did exist at one point but was already superceded by a different one after portugal asked for clarifications - one must also consider that the uk has a parliament before it was cool and while studying this matters one sees that this kind of agreements are subject to different stances . 
  what you say is the crux of my argument , that this alliance can be overly romanticised when it went to periods of rather intense antagonism , and the xix century colonial plans are in par with the reformation in that regard . 
  that said , i find that one should also see this from the other perspective , namely that even these sometimes crude and hostile events never really out an end to it , something which is in itself remarkable . 
  alliances exist whole they benefit the involved parties , and it 's obvious that when the relative power of each became asymmetrical from the 17th century onwards so did the way counties related . 
  well , the whole story is as always a bit juicier . 
  just for starters the participation was almost forced by the then recent republican government with the objective of avoiding being left out diplomatically - let 's not forget that portugal had to make a lot of efforts to have a decent share in thr scramble for africa when it was the first country to have a presence in africa - and getting the uk to use the alliance was also important . 
  why ? 
  because the same republicans who now spoke so highly of it actually rose to fame in the late 19th century by vigorously attacking thr monarchy for being too lenient with `` perfidious albion '' , so much so that even today people here have an exasperated and skewed view on an episode named `` the english ultimatum '' , a clash between british plans to unify their area of influence from cairo to cape town and portuguese plans to connect angola witj mozambique which did indeed produce tension but there was never an ultimatum . 
  it was a huge propaganda feat though . 
  add to that that the portuguese army was ill prepared and that there were both anglophile and germanophile parties in the army , it was really not as one sided as the declarations would make it appear . 
  in the end we suffered heavy losses but the goal itself was achieved i suppose , our presence in africa was guaranteed and slightly increased , which would four decades latter be the scenario for an overseas war with dramatic effects . 
  international diplomacy is generally less epic than the speeches . 
  portugal and england ( this is on purpose , the alliance is with the uk by virtue of the unification of alliances which put an end to the auld alliance ) have had vaguely aligned interests which were strong enough to overcome some very obvious differences , and were able to keep it so for some centuries , which is in itself quite interesting but in this speeches gains an emotional dimension which can hardly be applied to nations . 
  apologies for the text , mobile keyboards are the worts . 
  yes , but it 's important to note that it is meant to decriminalise sexual behaviour between adolescents . 
  in portugal , and i think something similar exists in other countries in that list , a 14 yo will not be doing anything illegal by having sex with a 16 yo , but a 30yo will cross a much less clear line since it is illegal to explore the innocence and lack of experience of those below 16 yo by using one 's age . 
  how very different from everyone else ... all countries i know that have an imperialist past make that one of the core components of their identity , even when conceding that some things were very wrong . 
  changed it to imgur , should work now . 
   now that i come to think about this , we do n't have all that many jokes about spain [ this is what i think of it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6ehmdk3.jpg ) . 
  replace ants with spaniards , and the news report with how in other parts of europe people found a way to make mutual extermination a sport . 
  edit : replaced with imgur link, 
  ummm ... reading the rest of the thread we definitely need to come up with something offensive , they are , all things considered , all rather mild . 
  not sure if because they are not as bad as others or because we tend to avoid crossing some lines . 
  most likely because we chose mutual ignorance as our default approach . 
  you are correct if you 're limiting it to the 18th century ( as you clearly do in your comment ) ; egolpse is likely taking a broader view that includes things like , say , [ dum diversas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dum_diversas ) ,  issued on 18 june 1452 by pope nicholas v . it authorized afonso v of portugal to conquer saracens and pagans and consign them to `` perpetual servitude '' . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] pope calixtus iii reiterated the bull in 1456 with inter caetera ( not to be confused with alexander vi 's ) , renewed by pope sixtus iv in 1481 and pope leo x in 1514 with precelse denotionis . 
  that said , the debate about slavery and the church is as complex as the church itself . 
  there were , sometimes at the same time , people who provided theological support for slavery and those who were in the front-line of opposing it . 
  the role of the countries themselves is important since many things we assume were official position of the church were more properly promoted by secular powers ( such as the inquisition in spain and portugal ) , and as such it is disingenuous to present the catholic church as `` promoting slavery '' when it had , in fact , a position that was against it by definition ... the problem was the exceptions that were considered a `` lesser harm '' and that changed with times and circumstances . 
  sounds a great idea , considering that those countries seem to be breeding grounds for terrorists i approve some additional fencing . 
  while you 're at it also consider barring the movement of capital , that would actually be something that could help against terrorism but i suppose would not be very well received by the countries in that list ( countries which i have personally visited and like btw ) . 
  not that i care that much personally , actually it would be a good step is making clear the eu we actually have . 
  yet . 
   amazing country , they really need to do a better job marketing how bad ass they are though . 
  you are right , and this is in good part due to other matters , namely that present-day economic prowess to a large extends determines the visibility of a country , a trend that if we go back to the 19th century explains the relatively invisibility of portugal when compared to the unavoidable historical role it had .
