  those are the best kind of sacrifices . 
  i think i could live with that , i 'm all for making sacrifices in the interest of common good . 
  that one is nice . 
  on many levels . 
  i would n't attribute it to rivalry , it 's more of like when you forgot to do the homework and the teacher starts asking ... and suddenly the colleague with whom you share the table goes `` fuck , i did n't do any homework ! '' . 
  you 're both kind of sol , but the feeling of not being alone sort of make up for it . 
  also , neither country is `` poor '' in most accounts , actually they are perhaps some of the best countries to live in , especially if you happen to have money . 
  the main problem has been the progressive deterioration of those working for a wage but i 've been told that it 's a sign of progress . 
   i get a mental image of children in soviet pioneer uniforms jogging in a small formation . 
  i always jog while while singing communist songs , admittedly it has been the source of some looks in my high-brow gym but nothing kills those calories as smashing bourgeois exploitation . 
  i 'm not even sure on what you 're going on about there : you again seem to take the situation that emerged with the end of the people 's republic , where people `` would starve '' , and attribute it to the system where it did n't happen . 
  i know bulgaria btw , i was there in the 80s and i visited it recently , i will not make considerations based on this since the last one was a short visit and anedoctal evidence is of very relative value , but of the countries i visited in the socialist block bulgaria was one of my favourites . 
  your hated marxist planned economy provided close to 0 % unemployment and even with all the faults that it had the economy operated for the social needs of people , including access to culture and sports , education , housing and food . 
  that ended , and you blame the results not on the new system ( which has unemployment and disparity as built-in characteristics and requirements ) but on the old one which you dislike but that had them secured . 
  as for being a spoiled western communist , i think that is the part that you got at least partially right . 
  if i understood correctly people leaving bulgaria after the end of socialism is not because of the system that actually was in place , but because of the one that existed before ? 
  no wonder you like the greek junta . 
  a rather crude piece that condenses the situation at the time in such a way that it 's impossible to even debate ; the way it simple does n't mention the active passivity of every western power before and after the invasion of czechoslovakia is quite telling . 
  actually the whole thing reads like a bad propaganda piece out of an 80s the readers digest , i 'm sure i will have plenty of fun in the other in-depth analysis of this `` national interest '' , seems something so obviously anti-communist , `` horseshoe theory '' supporting and effectively nazi sympathising that it 's at least useful in terms of classifying the readership . 
  just checked and / u/hastasiempre seems right up my alley , ty , will add him to my friends list :d he does n't strike me as particularly pro-putin but more generally anti-imperialistic ( a whole different bag of cats ) . 
  more seriously though , he could be the living reincarnation of gengis khan ( or , even worse , lenin ! ), 
  but the point he raised ( in an admittedly confrontational manner ) would stand or not regardless of his own underlying motivations , . 
  the way lies are reinforced ( and those showing them as lies disregarded ) in a thread that was about russians `` lying while they know they are lying '' is quite fascinating . 
   why are you being so abrasive and emotional ? 
  i 'm not , i just find your insistence on this topic a bit strange . 
   why are you jumping to conclusions about him i was not , it was all very clear . 
   and you ended up doing the exact same thing about me yes , you are right here - but this is based on these recent exchange , whereas previously it was not an assumption at all . 
   your case that you had your reasons to call him a nazi might have been stronger stronger that having someone saying he supports `` narodowy socjalizm '' ? 
  your insistence in this makes no sense . 
   you ended up doing the exact same thing about me . 
  no , i submitted that based on your fixation with this you yourself are a part of some variation of right-wing nationalism . 
  if i 'm wrong then by all means i will admit it . 
   than not liking what i 'm asking you you very clearly stated that i was lying , to which i reply i was n't . 
  you seem to have a problem with others calling themselves nazis or fascists for some reason . 
  i do not particularly like to have to waste time replying to accusations of lying on purpose , especially for something so trivial . 
   kind proving it 's a reflex at this point for communists to call their opponents nazis no , it 's not , you are going on in circles and just forgetting that i have already told you that he self-identified as such . 
  if you want to have the conversation on how communists call everyone from the right-wing nazis or fascists this is the worst example possible . 
   for me trigger you that way i 'm not `` triggered '' nor `` emotional '' , i simply think that you are wrong . 
   that not all nationalists are nazis this is obvious and i never said the opposite . 
  it just so happens that in this particularly case it was , which is why i used `` nazi '' explicitly . 
   trigger the usual communist you keep using that word . 
  in any event i 'm an unusual communist . 
  to sum it up : there could be a place to debate if and how communists and others on the left use terms like `` nazi '' and `` fascist '' as broader terms . 
  this is not it because i used the term in its very strict sense , i.e. 
  someone supporting nacional-socialism . 
   i mean no offence , but i trust you might be lying . 
  you do mean offence , after all that is part of the whole point of accusing others of lying . 
  actually you insistence in such a trivial point is no doubt born of your own concern of others calling you a nazi and not a `` right-wing nationalist '' or a fascist . 
   i found no such admitance to being a nazi in his comment history prior to your accusation you seem to be the only one to be surprised since he himself replied to me :  i 'm more like a fascist than a nazi . 
  as for the nazi , at the time i commented he himself was self-tagged as such in one or more subs , which is why it was so obvious . 
  no worries , he 's certainly a good nazi and both of you will certainly have a lot to talk about . 
  the situation here is not unlike the situation elsewhere : the shift to the right in the last decades has given rise to a situation where supporting ss divisions is something `` understandable '' but supporting the spanish republic `` siding with stalinists and those who killed four hundred trizillion people '' . 
  which is why i think that those who consider this sub `` moderate '' or even `` left-leaning '' are not lying , the frame of reference has changed so much that it feels that way for them . 
  i know because he self-identified as such before in explicit terms . 
  being polish and a nazi is not unheard-of at all , although they generally subscribe to a vision of things in which hitler actually found them great and superior but had to say those things about slavs to keep appearances . 
  well , yes . 
  you may consider that my own position makes me think that and you would n't be wrong , but that 's how i perceived it . 
  of course there are others which are much more obviously right-wing , but i find this one overwhelmingly aligned with worldview that runs along conservative , neoliberal , identitarian lines , different concepts of course but which end up giving it a certain vibe . 
  as i said , it 's to a large extent in the eye of the beholder . 
  well , for us communists the difference is often blurred in public speech but i tend to perceive some differences due to my own readings . 
  are you a futuristic type , a more conservative catholic ultramontane type or perhaps something more esoteric a la evola , with a drop of racial theory mixed in ? 
  being polish i would put it somewhere along a mix of the last two . 
  feel free to disregard this question , quite honestly i find this sub so right-wing that inquiring about the subtilities of fascism does n't strike me as particularly out of context . 
  indeed you have , i suppose congratulations are in order , as a nazi you are clearly one of those who can claim victory in this specific event . 
   you as a self described marxist he 's rather soft though ( no offense intended , actually around here it 's a compliment ) , i 'm a marxist-leninist . 
   that columbus was an horrendous person i do n't care about the personal demeanor of columbus , and reducing this to personal likability is not very materialistic , as it were . 
  taking down a statue from the 19th century raises cultural questions , and with that in mind i 'm not in favour of it . 
  the rest is posturing around `` european identity '' from those who will gladly shit on spain the rest of the year but like to reclaim columbus . 
  there is also a wider argument around the use of `` colonialism '' before the industrial revolution , but that 's a detail . 
   while being fan of a person ( and i bet not just marx ) oh , no , not just marx , although marx is pretty cool . 
  before him saint-just was also cool , if rather moderate - mentioning it because the right-wing revision of history goes back to the french revolution , with the revolt of the vend\u00e9e failing to affect the delicate sensibilities of those shocked by the terror . 
  the same obviously applies to the 20th century ( first as a tragedy , then as a farce , as the bearded guy used to say ) . 
   that directly and indirectly contributed to far greater genocides `` directly or indirectly '' the system you seem to like is responsible for millions of deaths each year , and even though i would not immediately assume that you take personal pleasure in seeing children dying of hunger or that your purposely work towards that result . 
  now , i know that you 're in / r/europe and as such in the natural habitat of everything right-wing , and this comment is thus useless , but given the meekness of the replies nothing is lost . 
   misery , atrocities and human oppression in history . 
  indeed , ending those was one of the key elements in the first international and those that followed . 
  that you and others consider it something unavoidable and even natural is why the guillotine is often needed lest those who fight against it be slaughtered ( cf. 
   how hilarious . 
  indeed , very drole . 
   while there are all terrible , my go-to example is actually khmer rouge . 
  yes , exactly , a good one . 
   that 's `` true communism '' . 
  doubtfully , the khmer rouge were supported by the usa and reagan for years against socialist vietnam and the ussr . 
   underestimated . 
  it 's 25 % and a bit more than 4 years . 
  let 's make it 150 % , now that we know that the us supported it and vietnam ended it we can go wild with it , just add it to the 900 trillions slaughtered by capitalism in the 20th century , it will not make a big difference . 
   i would love to see the georgieva , and the other results , if bokova got more votes that would be a major embarassment . 
  [ i edited my comment above with the results ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1wgimxa.png ) . 
  bokova did indeed get more votes . 
  laj\u010d\u00e1k was a good candidate and one of those who could actually get a unified eastern european vote with some work . 
  he had decent relations with russia and the eu and that is something that could be greatly built upon . 
  note that i do not support guterres in particular because of his nationality , i have opposed portuguese candidates to other places and supported other candidates . 
  in this situation i think that he is not bad , at least not worse than most and certainly better than some , but as i said most people ( me included ) know very little about the candidates . 
  yeah , we talked about this before and that was a possibility , but it just sounds overly simplistic tbh . 
  not saying it is n't true , and it could be a major component of this . 
  i will be honest : i was expecting that germany had obtained russia 's support ( which was strange given kristalina role in the epp and vis-a-vis the ukraine situation ) and had secured at the very least the support of a couple others . 
  i 'm not privy to the details but this does n't seem to have been the case . 
  actually , this seems to be a direct message from russia to the eu : that might work over there but not in the un , which benefited guterres . 
  i would even propose that russia ( and perhaps china ) vetoed kristalina if my theory is correct . 
  this does n't mean that it was a bad strategy ... maybe winning the election was not the main thing here ?
