  the reversal was most likely a result of backstage negotiations involving some level of support to similar spanish plans . 
  as you well note the risk of conflict with portugal is not something which spain gives much thought , at least externally , which is mirrored in portugal by an extreme difficulty in admitting any kind of negotiation with spain since public opinion always favours ignoring spanish claims and not giving in an inch - even in topics which previously did n't really provoke any kind of passion . 
  which is why this things should be negotiated in the proper channels , otherwise they become impossible to deal with sensibly . 
  i think that this will be dealt regularly , via negotiations that are mostly under the hood and that will try to achieve something that is acceptable to both ... it does n't seem at all hard to do in this case , assuming a modicum of pragmatism . 
  that said , as with all matters in which there are opposing interests some care is needed , but we should ideally aim at a negotiated solution even if that means conceding within limits . 
  the real open wound ( and only one ) is not about the selvagens or the ezz and that one of unfortunately far harder to solve . 
  the king of congo was baptised in portugal at one point , in the presence of the king . 
  that was a good comment , not something most people are aware ( another being the portuguese in ethiopia in the xv century , fighting against muslims in the quest for prester john ) . 
  do n't be like that , they are just as french as the others . 
  no , it did n't . 
  you are projecting a post-xvii discourse to a xvi event , a discourse which is arguably somehow related to inferiority complexes , at least in the need to revisit the past and paint it in a way that justified the present and the ambitions of those emerging in the global scene . 
  when the treaty of tordesillas and the others were signed the situation was vastly different than what it was in ww1 , or even before . 
  using the `` inferiority complex '' line is however popular whenever there is a need to explain the feats of others : nation a does great things because it 's part of her nature , nation b did somewhat impressive things because they were trying too hard due to inferiority complexes , or the things done were not even that impressive . 
  this is however a retrospective view since at the time they simply did n't have the conditions to compete , but when faced with newfound supremacy there is a tendency to find ways to make the past a justification of the present . 
  this actually permeates popular knowledge about portugal and spain in the us ( actually , in all the latter empires which needed to use it ) to the point of making their past ( even recent one ) almost invisible . 
  this is why , for example , british and french expansion was succinctly described as the actions of pirates which , incapable of actually maritime exploration , `` merely '' used their numbers to feast on the great deeds of true heros , this by apologetic portuguese and spanish historiography ( and in this it 's indeed easy to see a reaction stemming from a very real inferiority in the new world order ) . 
  right , i generalised a wee too much . 
  and that scenario is not atypical of some places i can think of in lisbon where the members of some particular tribes flock to at night . 
  we elect them to the presidency of the republic , among other offices . 
  portugal is generally seen as `` very religious '' since it is always quite high in terms of number of catholics and other inquiries , which is not false in very broad terms but does n't mean what most people like to read in those numbers . 
  society is very secular of course , but in particular politics are almost entirely secular , with any mention of `` god '' or `` my faith '' being severaly frowned upon by everyone . 
  which means that people who are atheist , divorced and have no kids get ellected as president , prime minister , etc. 
  we are at least as secular as those `` atheist nations '' that get so much praise around here and whose head of state is in charge of the national church . 
  we have a concordate in place though ( and i personally do not see anything particularly wrong with it ) . 
  in daily life , nobody cares and it 's not a common topic of conversation , and even when it is nobody i know gives it any relevance in terms of trustworthiness ( a common american theme i read around here ) . 
  actually , being really insistent on the topic will likely mean you 're seen as a lunatic of some kind . 
  the side-effect is that i feel little empathy for the high drama concerning atheism in reddit , simply because i do n't see it happening where i 'm from . 
  i 'm an atheist myself but i have plenty of catholic friends and family members ( including wife ) , do n't really care either way and now that i think of it it is only debated when certain rituals are involved ( marriage , baptism , etc ) . 
  in terms of work i do n't even see how it could be an issue unless one is applying to some religious school or something . 
  it is never debated simply because it 's not only illegal , it is quite crude to bring religion to the table in a work environment . 
  the other day i read that somewhere in some shitty outskirt of manchester some bloke was stabbed to death in a bar because one of the patrons `` took as an insult '' that he was there since he was n't from `` that neighbourhood '' . 
  i suppose this can happen everywhere but it seems that in england this sort of localism is quite widespread . 
  ahh , yes , the pi ~ ~ g ~ ~ s. 
  actually , the crimean war is not a bad show of `` european friendship '' in what regards greece ( epirus , etc ) ... 
  i think that most people ( well , those who read anyway ) stop at the charge of the light brigade , but it is interesting to see the geopolitical implications of the crimean war in the light of recent events . 
  while i disagree with your sentiment ( but that 's because i view the current right-wing policies as destructive , etc , etc , no need to go there ) you raise a very valid point : when syriza was elected i thought to myself that there was * no way * that the eu , in its current political makeup , will give an inch to greece because that would mean that everything that the right-wing parties ( should i say `` extreme right wing '' in the case of portugal , given cds/pp presence in the coalition ? 
  what 's goof for the goose ... ) in government said in portugal , spain and elsewhere would turn out to be a lie . 
  the whole discourse has always been `` we welcome the imf , we welcome the troika , their interests are the same as ours and above all there is absolutely no other option on the table '' . 
  the political result of voters in this countries looking at some other country negotiating and getting something in return would be devastating - and this also explains why portugal and spain are so adamant against any negotiation . 
  let 's see how this turns out though , it is a bluff on both sides . 
  a lot of where essential worker rights were only possible because there was the need to maintain the * oi polloi * happy enough to avoid having them joining communist parties . 
  the fall of the ussr changed this dynamics ( in the west ) . 
  seems an interesting diplomatic play which was hardly unexpected . 
  i do not find it surprising in the least that a country which has been told that strict compliance without any negotiation is the only way to go by her friends tries other venues . 
  the replies you are getting are however great to understand the great friendship greece is apparently betraying ... it 's all `` european friendship 4ever '' from the same people ( not here , in real life ) who just recently said that they would n't piss on greece if it was on fire . 
  also , pindakaas , right there in the shelves between skippy and monarch . 
  as i replied portugal did try for a couple of years since those in trading and other financial activities pushed for it , but it was unbearable for most so they had to backtrack . 
  there was also a backlash against doing a change to conform with what was seen as a central european ( and spanish for historical reasons ) thing . 
  switch to cet you mean ? 
  we did tried it for a couple of years since bankers and traders loved it , had to be reverted because , well , it 's awful for everyone else , so we 're back to utc/gmt , or as we call it wet ( actually west at the moment ) . 
  oh , i understand it better now , the problem was not the english at all , i was just out of context . 
  ot , but was religion forbidden in yugoslavia ? 
  i generally had yugoslavia on the `` softer '' side of those sort of things . 
  you 're apparently angry without much need imo . 
  there is more to this picture than just a common woman who decides to exercise her freedom to wear what she wants in the context of a secular society , it carries much more weight when one considers the history of post-ataturk turkey and erdogan 's own outspoken criticism of the military-sustained status quo , with speeches that are many times very blunt . 
  all this combined adds to the symbolism one captures from the image - and i 'll happily grant than in itself the president 's wife using an hijab or a bikini is not something that attacks secularism , but that would be a rather superficial analysis . 
  that said my question arises from my perhaps incorrect and simplistic view of a turkey which is unique in the way it made secularism such an integral part of the identity but which is must always fight the strong tendencies that are opposed to it . 
  this can be tinted by some `` eurocentrism '' on my part . 
  ugh , that hand-on-the-heart thing always seems so tacky to me , seems something i always associate with the new world and the need to overemphasize the passion one has for whatever borders were decided last year . 
  apart from that , the photo is interesting in showing two different cultures , the turkey and europe debate is always complex but small details like this are.rather powerful . 
  was it always like that or is part of erdogan 's tendency to go against secularism ? 
  not that there is anything wrong with it ... 
  we also used force . 
  the inquisition in goa was not there to promote interfaith sessions and sing kumbaya . 
  it was complex because many times things were done by different groups : the missionaries were largely jesuit , the inquisition largely dominican , they had different approaches altogether . 
  today there is this tendency to paint a scenario of friendly cooperation of the past , this is particularly relevant in portugal since with the revolution in '74 the discourse started to be strongly anti-imperialist but the left retained parts of the former mythogeny , including an idea of `` being closer to the natives '' and other rubbish like that . 
  while we were `` closer '' sometimes that was most of the times a reflection of the way we were so heavily scattered with such a small population . 
  i suppose you have the same issues , i mean , i can imagine that some parts of your national identity debate still concerns batavia , etc. 
   well i 'm pretty sure the inquisition acted under the pope and their religious ideal actually it 's more complex : the portuguese and spanish inquisitions are an iberian phenomenon ( started in castille ) and are quite separate from other inquisitions ( like the italian one ) . 
  the pope was most of the time against them because the focus of the iberian inquisitions was almost always on the converts , the `` new christians '' , either jews or muslims , something which is very particular to the specific history of the iberian kingdoms . 
  in that regard the introduction of the inquisition did start with a request to the pope , but the uses and practices were very local . 
  for portugal , the inquisition of lisbon , \u00c9vora and goa were very active and quite thorough , we do n't generally talk about it because we just let the spaniards take the blunt of the fault . 
   even if they did pay some kind of respect to the ruler they acted by their own rules and beliefs . 
  this is true , yes , but it 's hard to pinpoint exactly when and where they were actually in opposition . 
  in general the king had a troubled relation with church hierarchy ( due to the debate regarding the nature of power and who yields it ) while being at the same time the anointed defender of the faith . 
  while sometimes the opposition was clear ( e.g. 
  the torture and massacre of hundreds of jews - including children - in lisbon in 1506 ended up with confiscation of property for those who promoted it ) many other times it was n't ( e.g. 
  king john ii took hundreds of jewish children from the arms of their parents and shipped up to s\u00e3o tom\u00e9 to see if they would survive . 
  they did n't ) . 
   i know nothing of them enforcing ( or forbidding ) languages , can you give source ? 
  it would n't particularly surprise me , although i never came up with explicit references to it . 
  what is clear is that speaking portuguese was essential for any kind of political and economical power in the areas controlled by portugal , and also that the liturgy was in latin and the sermons in portuguese , so there was also a cultural imprint being made , one that would associate portuguese with those who converted and thus all other languages as a sign of distrust . 
  all new converts were inquired by the inquisition , the portuguese were suspicious of any converts since in iberia there was the whole paranoia with the jews , people were inquired and locked for being 1/16th `` new christian '' since the idea was that they continued to practice their evil ways . 
  this state of mind , this almost obsessive preocupation with orthodoxy which reached an almost genetic level ( fun fact : the laws of `` blood purity '' in xv century iberia were much stricter than the nuremberg laws in xx century nazi germany ) . 
  this is the backdrop of the goa inquisition , which gained prominence also due to the dutch penetrations , fighting heretics was just as important at the time . 
  do note that even without the inquisition muslims ( in particular ) and hindus would hardly have a great time : these were not times of inter-religious debates and sharing , the portuguese were pretty much still in a crusade and expanding christianity was one of the main factors for the expansion ( `` we come seek christians and spices '' , as we said when someone in calicut asked what the hell were we doing there ) . 
  that said , there were treaties in place , but the missionaries were pretty active and conversion to catholicism ( even when that meant fighting against the nestorians , the very christians that the portuguese had searched for decades and for which they penetrated as far as ethiopia - where they ended up fighting against muslims as well ) was seen as paramount . 
  so yes , i also find it hard to describe us as tolerant and easy-going ( in these particular areas , at least ) . 
  on mobile but quickly : up to the xviii century portugal , as one if not the first global empire , had direct or indirectly control of non-contiguous pieces of land in the several continents , and their goals can.be.summed by the reply of the portuguese upon reaching india : we come seeking christians and spices . 
  portugal ( as other iberian kingdoms ) was born out of the reconquista , a crusade , so the fight against muslims and the spread of christianity permeated everything , but always paired with political and economic motivations as well - one just has to consider the conquest of ceuta in 1415 , which many consider the start of the.modern age . 
  colonization in this period is not a good word , most consider the you need the industrial revolution for that : it was discovery and settlements , from south america to africa and japan . 
  the reformation was a turning point , bitter battles and the rise of new empires , portugal and spain traditionally fought against each other in the.beginning but now the french , the dutch and the british are challenging the world partition : portugal successfully fights against french ambitions in brazil but with the dutch there will.be a global war for decades . 
  in the aftermath portugal ( which was never inherently rich , . much to the contrary ) is pretty exhausted . 
  colonies at this stage are brasil , the african possessions and the vice-royalty in india , plus what in east asia survived the dutch advance ( timor , macau , etc ) . 
  fast forward to the enlightenment and fisiocratic ideals , we are fast approaching a capitalist society and now colonies have an important role due to the raw.materials ... hence the focus on effective presence as what determines right of possession in the post berlin conference world . 
  in the partition portugal has plenty of historical rights but no presence apart from the coast , so they start to make inroads , inland maps , expeditions , etc. 
  since portugal itself had an.incipient industrialization ( many factors , complex to explain here ) it was especially difficult to finance all of it , even more so when brazil declared independence . 
  this continues up to the 20 's and it is interesting to note that colonization proper is.more the work of the republic declared in 1910 . 
  in the '30s the estado novo starts , right - wing authoritarian regime with affinities to fascism , and the empire becomes an obsession in terms of propaganda , and is one of the cornerstones of the regime : portugal , the standard bearer of christ which from.times immemorial was chosen by god to convert remote lands . 
  i 'm the 60 's and amid growing criticism regarding the colonial nature of it all colonies are.declared provinces , a portugal `` from minho to timor '' .
