  not sure what else but i ca n't imagine that something which seems so rushed , directly exposes merkel , showed the partiality of the ec could be done just because it sounded a good idea at the time . 
  this is one of those things that in twenty years some memoirs will clarify and we will be `` ahhh , so that was it ! '' . 
  maybe this was all done as a secrete agreement between portugal and germany ? 
  i 'm playing the loooong game here but it all sounds so crude that i refuse to believe in the simplest explanation :d, 
  honestly , i think that the election process was mostly for show . 
  it reminds me of cargo-cult elections in which remote tribes would do a voting process with ballots and everything , then drop the ballots into the volcano and ask the gods to select the rulers . 
  i also think that in geo-political terms it should have went to eastern europe , but it seems to me that there are still some substantial divisions to make it work as a unified block ( as it used to be easily done two decades ago ) . 
  honestly most people here ( in portugal ) do not know much about the others , they can have a similar curriculum or better . 
  i checked and there are a couple who seem to be similar and using similar criteria equally worthy . 
  guterres has the advantage of having been pm and working in the un on a highly visible position with refugees . 
  he can also benefit from being portuguese since we tend to have good relations with just about everyone in terms of diplomacy ( i.e. 
  we do not alienate the us , china and russia , have good relations with the uk and france , etc ) . 
  he is also one of those southern european political types who is both a catholic and social-democrat , which sort of makes him reliable to conservatives and progressives depending on how they squint . 
  if this is true , and assuming this result is confirmed latter in the process , it will be interesting to try to understand germany 's strategy in this with kristalina ... 
  if kristalina does n't win it just looks amateurish , leaves germany , bulgaria and the ec in a bad light . 
  russia clearly sends a message about what works and what does n't , russia 's position in this was essential for guterres and i think that the mess made by kristalina 's nomination greatly benefited guterres : bokova ill-treated and bulgaria ended up appearing as acting per merkel 's intstructions to put someone from the epp in the race ... which eroded any kind of `` eastern european '' support that might have existed from russia . 
  e : [ the votes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1wgimxa.png ) , seem to support this . 
  let 's not pretend that whomever wins does n't do so due to vigorous behind-the-curtains maneuvering and negotiation with the sc members . 
  abu dhabi united group , ynwa !, 
  a classic that one :d, 
  just to add that i personally do not particularly care about nationality in this kind of situations , at least not as something more than a tie-breaker . 
  i would gladly support a german , bulgarian , or any other eastern european if i thought that they were more politically aligned with what is my own view against a portuguese candidate ( i was _ against _ barroso in the eu , for example ) . 
  that said , kristalina is the candidate from the epp being propped by the present german government and entering the race in a farcical way , so for me she is at the very bottom of the list - that such an obvious propaganda piece appears in deutsche welle is not unexpected and quite frankly sounds a bit trite . 
  others had at least the decency to try to disguise their political motivations , kristalina eschews such formalities . 
  and i agree with you , germany for some reason tends to be rather bad in world diplomacy , i 'm not sure if it 's because it has become so easy to push others around in europe ( not complaining , congrats for that ) but if they have n't assured the support of russia , china and others then this is extremely hard to understand . 
   but if she georgieva does not win what does germany win from this interference ? 
  a good question ... maybe there is the need to put on a show for their interests in eastern europe ? 
  all that said , let 's not assume that the un election process is transparent or that the un presidency immensely relevant . 
  e : one thing to note is that most people know very little about any of the candidates ; i took the time to investigate them and while i think guterres has good chances due to his broad appeal ( a social-democratic catholic with a focus on refugees ) there are a couple of other candidates there which are interesting ( more so than kristalina imo , and they are also from eastern europe , one of them being bokova ) . 
   i 'm genuinely curious now : is it a tradition in your family ? 
  yes , but not something like a `` military family '' , just that several family members of different generations ended up serving in those branches since ww1 and going through the wars in africa ( we had conscription up to 1974 , i could have added artillery as well now that i think of it but the ones i mentioned were the closest to me and the ones which i have memorabilia , for example ) . 
   do you support the creation of an eu army ? 
  ( yes/no is enough ) no . 
   would you join it voluntarily ? 
   would you support a draft ? 
  for portugal ? 
  yes . 
  for an european army ? 
   would you sacrifice a year of two in basic training if mandatory ? 
  4 . b would you support mandatory basic training of an year or two ? 
  for portugal , yes . 
  for an european army , no . 
   are you physically able to join it ? 
  ( gender does n't matter ) yes . 
   do you have relevant skills you could bring into it ? 
  not sure , but probably yes . 
   which role/branch would you like to serve in ? 
  fuziliers or lancers , but solely due to family ties . 
  i 'm a communist so rather unsuspected , but what / u/autoclismo wrote is correct : the estado novo certainly used religion heavily , but curiously enough salazar himself was hardly what one would call a ultramontanist and had violent fights with the church . 
  there was a lost of promiscuity but it was n't anything like , say , the usta\u0161e . 
  above all the god-given mission of portugal was stressed since it was important in terms of the imperial position of salazar ( which was the opposite of franco by the way , especially because franco had little in terms of overseas territories to actually lose ) and the construction of a certain `` ideal portuguese '' which was poor but honest and pious . 
  i commented on / r/portugal , the whole study has a certain gist to it that feels absolutely superficial : it reads as what spaniards assume the portuguese think became them , something which while not impossible i find very unlikely . 
  let 's put aside the technical aspects of the study , as you mentioned the questions are made in a way which is very open ended . 
  i myself would be the first to throw people down the window to avoid the unimaginable scenario of union with spain , but when we leave the eu i would find it natural to have a political arrangement with spain convening aspects of defence policy , immigration and movement . 
  the way questions are asked and the answers interpreted mostly in a condescending way that is perfectly aligned with the overall ignorance about portugal , most often including portugal in comparisons with the former spanish colonies and overall building this image of some great admiration for spain as a powerhouse in fields like technology or economy . 
  all of this is coherent with the idea that spaniards generally have of portugal , and can even be seen in comments here and elsewhere : the problem would be the `` burden '' of portugal due to the `` lower income '' , assuming the kind of pseudo-superiority position that stems from the gladly admitted lack of knowledge about anything concerning portugal and portuguese culture . 
  this is not new and can be clearly traced more recently to the late 19th century and also to the complex period of the first half of the 20th : an active and ideological approach to build in spain a national conscious that is also based on the downplaying and even plain insulting of portugal . 
  this also had a counterpart in portugal but one which was less about ignoring spain and more about raising every single event in portugal as superior . 
  this in general makes for some rather uncomfortable debates when our own prejudices come to the table : that our view of spain historically is based on the idea of defeating while outnumbered , that the spanish empire in portugal is essentially reduced to `` those places that were left '' , that being poorer now ( because for an older generation the opposite was truth ) is a price which is very easy to pay , that we view our role and place in a complete different way and one is which spain is viewed as secondary if at all , a place in which you go buy caramels and nowadays fuel . 
  all or most of this is also based on misconceptions and a very parcial view of things , of course , and one which is just as important to change . 
  that said , historically spaniards were always better at convincing themselves about this things , something which is an advantage many times . 
  additionally i do think that we are also to blame in the way we have by inaction allowed for the progressive erosion of our standing and started to be exposed to this sort of nonsense . 
  this kinds of study always end up in this sort of debates since hardly anyone escapes the web of historical misunderstandings that are involved . 
  all of this sounds very negative but it does n't mean that there are no friendly relations : there are , and in some sectors of each country a sense of empathy that manifests in different ways , but even those are generally within the constraints of the wider discourse that was woven throughout the centuries and portuguese friendliness often turns into pettiness while spanish friendliness often takes a condescending nature . 
  ps : i 'm part spaniard and know the history of spain quite a bit better than most here , so the above does n't come from a vacuum . 
  if anyone is genuinely interested or doubtful i can provide sources for most of the above . 
   what about power projection . 
  i think that power projection is contingent on having more common ground , including in foreign policy . 
  i do n't know what country you hail from ( and it does n't matter ) but there are marked differences in how european countries view the world according to their needs . 
  the situation in the ukraine is an example on how the political support of germany and others was unable to materialise in terms of power projection , and it would always be like that since i doubt most of europe had the same position - you can hear the us ambassador saying `` fuck the eu '' at the time due to this . 
  now , one can object and say that this is exactly why we need an eu army . 
  but as i said the eu is not this ethereal entity that embodies everything that is good , it is the same eu which left greece out to dry for months . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of `` power projection '' we could accomplish , and if it is similar to the `` power projection '' that is , for example , present in the recent approval of sanctions against portugal and spain ... well , let 's just say that i hardly find it remotely possible . 
  including corruption charges for the deal so it really adds that eu shine to it . 
  the only solid reason i can see for this is as a sort of occupation army for countries who do n't follow the prescribed policies . 
  apart from that the idea is quite honestly ridiculous in an eu that ca n't agree on basic things , let alone defence . 
  this can only be described as an attempt to rush forward regardless of anything else . 
  as i said years ago about this same topic : nobody respects those who do n't respect themselves . 
  by essentially behaving like the lapdog of others there is no reason to be treated like something else . 
  the comments in this thread are a perfect proof : you lazy shits did what you were told but it did n't work , we 'll , now pay up because it 's not the fault of the masters that you chose to obey . 
  if anything the last months have been very good in putting it out in the open what was already known but somewhat kept in a more implied way . 
  and it it bloody depressing is n't it ? 
  we seem to be down a path that feeds on the worst in people , and while much has been said about the lies fed to the british i 'm starting to see a similar pattern in the eu , the construction of a narrative that makes `` punishing '' brits something reasonable . 
  not that the situation in the uk is n't ugly regarding the surge in attacks , but the `` tit for tat '' angle seems to be getting more popular and quite honestly dangerous . 
  ... it was a joke , i thought it was obvious ( i mean , tutting ? ) . 
  this idea of a certain revanchism against brits is partially to blame in the media as well , some quarters are building this idea of blame and punishment as the appropriate response . 
  i for one ca n't take it any longer , i 'm off to the algarve in a couple of weeks and i 'll be tutting each time i see some brit with socks & sandals ( fewer every year , alas ) . 
  your question is difficult to answer because for one you talk about the `` one drop rule '' as something that is clearly defined when in practiced it was far from so : it was used in _ some _ ( not all ) areas in north america and even then it had different enforcement and many `` passed '' as white regardless of the rule . 
   so in portugal , somebody of mixed ancestry like european and african : is that person considered mixed race or black ? 
  mixed race or/and black , depending on the granularity . 
  this is to say that in portugal ( and this is not particular to portugal or the portuguese empire , it is similar to what was used in spain as well but also france , etc ) the approach was based on a caste system with those from iberian on top , followed by europeans born abroad and then by a stratification of castes which had native american , indian or african blood . 
  now , does this mean that there was no `` one drop rule '' ? 
  it depends . 
  yes , there were more categories than simply `` white '' and `` black '' , but that is also true if you consider that in the north american colonies there were also names for different `` mixes '' ( e.g. 
  `` octoroon '' ) , and those categories had at times an implied social standing that enabled a kind of social participation that was not confined to , say , slavery . 
  but one should note that being considered `` mixed raced '' is n't in opposition to being `` black '' : the categories are mostly defined by exclusion and as such a `` mixed raced '' individual will be considered `` black '' when talking broadly , and not white , at least not in portugal ( and most of europe ) . 
  if the nuremberg laws count then the blood purity laws in spain and portugal and respective empires in the middle ages also count . 
  it required documented proof of no `` tainted blood '' up to three generations , see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limpieza_de_sangre . 
  [ thousands of portuguese workers in the industrial and agricultural sectors in the uk are being exploited by portuguese and british recruitment agencies that use as intimidation weapon the link between employment and housing . 
  the workers subject themselves to sub-human living conditions with fear of being evicted ( ... ) to her surprise some portuguese believe what they are told by the agencies , that they are illegal in the uk ( ... ) containers without water , trailers , overcrowded council housing .
