  it was a period in which the buf had some weight in britain , including in some aristocratic sectors , but truth be told that outside of italy fascism was never particularly adopted by the aristocracy , perhaps because of the modernist element in it . 
  apologies , without context it sounds weird . 
  isabel dos santos has acquired a majority or an important percentage of companies such as galp ( energy and utilities , oil refineries , gas , etc ) , bpn ( one of the banks which were bailed-out ) , zon ( cable tv , mobile and internet , ultimately part of the privatisation of portugal telecom and the national communications grid ) , etc , etc. 
  you can even read the ever-so-socially-sensible martin shultz [ warning that angolan investment in portugal will lead the country to decline ] ( https://translate.google.pt/translate?sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=pt-pt&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fexpresso.sapo.pt%2feconomia%2finvestimento-angolano-levara-portugal-ao-declinio%3df703523&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) :  passos coelho called on the angolan government to invest more in portugal , because angola has a lot of money this is the future of portugal : the decline , also a social danger to people if we do not understand that , economically , and especially with our democratic model , stable , in conjunction with our economic stability , we will only have chances in the european union not sure if he had called dibs on the privatisation of the lucrative sectors of the economy , he could just be butt hurt that the chinese and the angolans footed the bill . 
  isabel dos santos also has large stakes in the two biggest portuguese banks ( and controls the biggest one ) . 
  strong words , but was n't fine gael formed from members of the blueshirts , itself a fascist paramilitary organisation ? 
  ireland is one of the few countries i can think of in which two of the parties which alternate are centre-right ( fianna f\u00e1il is hardly progressive , and iirc de valera sent a condolences message after the death of hitler ) . 
  not that this would imply your comment was wrong - i think it is but not because of what i just wrote , but because even if i would agree that the british monarchy will not start campaigning for the nationalisation of the means of production anytime soon - read : they are conservative and mostly right-wing - i think they are of a particular strain of british conservationism which could in theory dabble with fascism but not for long , and especially not after the war began . 
  so was the royal house of portugal ( saxe-coburg gotha e bragan\u00e7a ) , an many others . 
  i find that snippet of historical truth is oftenused in a disingenuous way : in the context of this post pointing out that they are saxe-coburg gotha seems like a `` no wonder she did a nazi salute ! '', 
  kind of thing , which is not only offensive to hbm but to germans as a whole , like being german is an * ipso facto * condition of being predisposed to nazism . 
  they changed the name exactly to avoid such connections , but having foreign monarchs was hardly something strange , and when the glorious revolution brought the crown to william iii he did n't even knew english iirc . 
   it sucks that countries like angola , benin and camboidia while it sucks , it 's interesting to note that due to the current crisis and privatisation-happy right-wing governments many of our former national companies are being bought by angola - or the closes thing there is , the daughter of the angolan president . 
  in ireland it almost looks like a map of the gaeltacht ( which makes sense since they are the more rural and isolated areas ) , munster notwithstanding . 
  over here it becomes obvious that we still have a long way to go , there is still room for improvement since apparently there are still sectors of portuguese society which think they are risk-free and , consequently , less productive . 
  nothing increases shareholder value as workers not knowing if they have a roof next week . 
  the portuguese communist party never adopted `` eurocommunism '' like the pcf , and never stopped being marxist-leninist . 
  you can read the programme [ here ] ( http://www.pcp.pt/programa-do-pcp ) ( and because you 're such a cute gorilla [ here it is in french via google ] ( https://translate.google.pt/translate?hl=pt-pt&amp;sl=pt&amp;tl=fr&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.pcp.pt%2fprograma-do-pcp ) , and [ in english ] ( https://translate.google.pt/translate?hl=pt-pt&amp;sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.pcp.pt%2fprograma-do-pcp&amp;sandbox=1 ) for the rest ) . 
  the first five paragraphs : - the pcp is a worker 's party entirely in service of portugal and the portuguese people for the construction of a socialist and communist society without exploitation , based on scientific and human advancement , liberty and equality , etc , etc. 
  - there are both immediate objectives and an overarching objective of an `` advanved democracy '' , both grounded on the historical experiences of the pcp and portugal . 
  - our objectives are aligned with the expectation of not only the workers but of small and medium capitalists , technical staff , intellectuals , artisans , women , farmers , in the context of a thoroughly patriotic economic policy against the alienation of portuguese sectors to foreign interests . 
  - the pcp has a very marked identity , a result of the decades-long history , but whose essential characteristics should not be forgotten : a part of the working class ; a party who has in marxism-leninism the theoretical foundation , necessarily creative in how it is applied ; a party which follows a form of democratic centralism ; a party which is at the same time patriotic and internationalist . 
  - the pcp plays an irreplaceable role in portuguese society . 
  you might be surprised in how nationalistic the whole thing sounds , but it 's a well-known characteristic of it ( it reaches some unexpected heights as being one of the few parties which [ talks about oliven\u00e7a ] ( https://translate.google.pt/translate?hl=pt-pt&amp;sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2falvitrando.blogs.sapo.pt%2f2502386.html&amp;sandbox=1 ) . 
  if you are curious enough you will also find that the gist of the programme is about a mixed economy model with political freedom based on universal elections and multiple parties , with additional emphasis on the `` subjective freedoms '' which are necessary in tandem with the ability to vote ( free press , education , etc ) . 
  not something awfully revolutionary i 'm afraid , or perhaps not for my eyes . 
  thank you for your comment . 
  the first part of it is the most complex one imo , since we can still see the scars in present day portugal . 
  i have not pretension of changing your mind and i 'm the first to admit it is a thorny issue . 
   the portuguese communist party was a big supporter of the ussr that is correct , the pcp was a third international party , aligned with the komintern . 
   helping them supply the colonies with weapons in the colonial war . 
  this is something that should be contextualised for others here . 
  what you are saying is that by adopting from the beginning a policy against the war in africa and supporting the auto-determination of the colonies , and as part of that policy being against the war effort and formally supportive of liberation movements which were `` national in nature '' ( e.g. 
  not viewed as `` tribalist '' , like the usa sponsored upa - latter fnla - which committed the well-known massacre in angola ) , the communist party acted against portuguese soldiers . 
  interestingly enough we have to put this in the correct period since before the '50s the communist party was not against the empire - one well-known `` avante ! '', 
  snippet accuses salazar of `` selling our colonies '' . 
  disregarding for a moment that most countries in europe also supported the so-called liberation movements ( the nordics in particular iirc ) and that portugal was isolated internationally , your argument in the end would signify that nobody in portugal should actively oppose the policies of the estado novo regime . 
  in a way - and this i use as an example only - it would be like accusing south africa 's whites who supported anc , for example . 
  additionally , there was a lot more complexity regarding said movements : am\u00edlcar cabral 's paigc were more pushed towards the support of the ussr than anything else , he was a moderate who actually considered a federation as a possible outcome ( as did other who studied in portugal in the portuguese empire students chapterhouse in coimbra ) . 
  you would also have to include the socialist party into the mix , by the way , and probable a good part of psd since many of them were involved in supporting other liberation movements in what would be a reflection of the cold war . 
  unita , renamo and fnla were supported by the same pockets who fuelled the socialist party and ( latter ) psd . 
  it is also relevant to note that this view of portuguese lives as the ultimate idea often used by those who talk about `` treason '' seems to be sidestepped when the same people plan to invade portugal with the assistance of spain and brazil , as happened in ' 75 , or when destroying left-wing offices and killing those inside , as also happened ( and this is why when i hear cds-pp harping about `` blood crimes '' i think they are hypocrites , in portugal blood crimes as such and outside the fp-25 ( which was a latter phenomenon ) are quite easily placed on the right ) . 
  my family came in '75 from louren\u00e7o marques and left everything there so it 's not like i 'm completely oblivious to the consequences of what happened , by the way . 
  i am also of the opinion that what followed independence was disastrous for many of those countries , again due to the cold war and the fighting by proxy . 
  like it or hate it i will admit that the last time portugal had an independent foreign policy was with salazar . 
   they also support a lot of communist leaders since their leaders met with the soviet ones yes , i think that is quite clear , as i said the pcp followed a post-stalin `` moscow line '' . 
   anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall they put a statement basically saying it was a sad thing and east germany was best germany close enough i suppose , so i will not deny it . 
  the text , iirc , was about how what happened with the ddr was an annexation and not a merger and how the berlin wall could be perceived as understandable in the context of the time , and how the downfall of the ddr meant the beginning of an unparalleled onslaught on workers rights in the west . 
  of this i think that they have got the last one quite right . 
  that 's a rather simplistic description . 
  in many western european countries the communist party has been part of the election process since the post war period ( and in many cases before ) and each country has specific historic reasons for current support . 
  saying that it is about `` ignoring what the russian communist party '' did - especially considering the current time frame and the numerous analysis that followed the fall of the eastern bloc , and the different readings thereof . 
  i ca n't see your flair on mobile , but in portugal the cp [ holds executive power in many municipalities ] ( http://expresso.sapo.pt/politica/o-novo-mapa-autarquico-de-portugal=f833155 ) ( in red ) , some of them in coalition with center-right psd [ 1 ] . 
  they have n't yet instituted the dictatorship of the proletariat in any of them , alas . 
  from what i remember the kde were `` hardcore '' even for local standards ( which are conservative in that the portuguese cp did n't adhere to eurocommunism ) . 
  on top of that the much exploited scapegoat of `` controlling the unions '' is perhaps one of the biggest factors for the lack of real social unrest in portugal , as often clearly admitted by right-wing commentators . 
  ama i suppose , i was in some communist youth congresses in the period after the fall of the berlin wall , and while today i worry a bit that collective ownership would negatively impact my fidelity index funds i 'm still involved from afar in that i know many people holding office . 
  [ 1 ] this one i find particularly interesting given the imo pathetic surprise from so many quarters , from the `` revolutionary left '' to the socialist party . 
  read [ here ] ( https://translate.google.pt/translate?hl=pt-br&amp;sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.publico.pt%2fpolitica%2fnoticia%2fjeronimo-de-sousa-explica-coligacao-com-psd-em-loures-em-nome-das-populacoes-1610717 ) in a quick google translator translatation , but what happened was that the communist party followed the logical consequences of his own position : the pcp is against `` uninominal '' elections and fptp schemes , and in favour of proportional representation . 
  as such whenever population vote for local elections there will be sometimes the need for coalitions , which is what happened here - and it was n't even the first time ( from the article : * `` we agreed with the psd , as we did with the ps in sintra and elsewhere . 
  we have not lost our principles , but with regard to municipalities , we are always willing to give our best for the people who rely on us '' , said the communist leader . * ) . 
  from a completely personal perspective let me add than in general it 's much easier to get along with psd ( centre-right ) in municipalities than with the socialist party : when they win they are insufferable and refuse any kind of cooperation , when they lose they are insufferable as well and refuse cooperation only to bitch about how the pcp is holding hands with `` the right '' , like they took their once-in-a-decade marxism enema that morning . 
  while i find all this ridiculous of course , so ca n't avoid thinking that western lit is less endangered by this and more by a society which has relegated everything which is not of `` practical value '' to the dust bin . 
  exactly . 
  it 's also not illegal to essentially sell entry into the schengen area via this visas or other naturalisation processes , perhaps it 's frowned upon by people like myself but not illegal . 
  i can see a lottery being made for this , or some casino game , a joint venture with casino lisboa in macao : come for the blackjack , stay for the passport . 
  that said , the definition of what is illegal or not seems to be rather opaque sometimes considering the recent allegations about juncker 's role when he was in office in luxembourg . 
  i 'm not sure how that is possible since with strong unions i would assume a larger relevance of collective bargaining and collective contracts , with associated regulations and mutual commitments . 
  less corporate taxes i assume as true though , i did n't check . 
  i think that by now you already digested my comment and understood the bitterness in it . 
  i do know my dane because - surprise !, 
  - i worked there for some months and have the small metal vikings and 50 $ worth of mementos to show it - as well as some swedish krona that some fucker gave me at a 7 eleven in fredericksberg . 
  to be clear though , my comment was an attempt at depicting the zeitgeist more than an endorsement , it saddens me to watch the complete degradation of living conditions and worker 's rights and it seems than not even the nordic model is immune . 
  yeah you are correct , i was in a hurry and had originally written `` less unionism '' , which sounded like i was talking about the troubles . 
  entire countries in europe have made their wealth on assisting others with their illegal schemes , that 's a market we can go after : `` portugal : the same protection from legal authorities , minus the shitty weather '' . 
  if anything this makes me think the programme has some merit . 
  recent events , i 'm afraid , turned me into a.bit of.a cynic . 
  denmark needs less unions , less regulation , less getting in the way of the entrepreneurs , less laws and less corporate taxes . 
  this is what i 've learned from what has been forced fed through the news and reddit in the last months , and truth be told is the position who obtained a resounding victory in the last week . 
  they all make sense . 
  those finding them strange swallow the same and worse when it 's served as six sigma , tps or lean . 
  maybe that 's an idea for recycling these materials , dump them on gas stations and blogs with titles like `` the red factor : management lessons from the other side '', 
   most of the money is going towards healthcare spending in the state . 
  thanks obama !, 
  what he said . 
  do n't blame us , we voted for you for `` historical reasons '' . 
  only if they are profitable though . 
  i think you should consider golden dawn , a good part of the anti-nazi rhetoric is aimed internally more than externally . 
  i always hear that , and it fits my own political stance perfectly so in theory i should just along with it ... but is there any minimal reliable study on that ? 
  it seems the sort of thing that is often said but never quantified ... 
  that 's a problem with today 's submissions : they 're too artsy , too intellectual , i really do not understand any of their work . 
   greece needs to cut pensions , increase taxes on lower incomes , increase consumption taxes , and generally pursue policies that turn it into a cheap labor platform for european companies . 
   greece needs to overturn collective bargaining rights in more sectors of its economy , in order to further depress wages and increase corporate profit margins this is n't even a secret anymore . 
  yesterday in a portuguese newschannel there was ( yet another ) debate about the situation with representatives from the several parties , one of them which supports the current government said `` the problem in greece is not about the debt or the budget , it 's about deeper economic reforms : they need to implement policies which are conductive to economic growth , such as flexibilisation of the labour market , privatisations , reduce salaries and pensions , etc '' . 
  he was consistent though since those were the policies enacted here , the troika and the bailout were a god-send for right-wing parties , they got to go ahead with lots of policies which they defended while being able to pin in on external commitments . 
  not only that , i think it 's one of the few things which we have followed as europeans , i never had seen so many people listening to european parliament live feeds and debating the position of other countries like in the last months . 
  maybe ? 
  this is like a rerun , as i written in another recent post our former pm gave an interview were he accused sch\u00e4uble of derailing and sabotaging the agreements made with merkel ( this part could be a bit naive ) , and one preferred method was the leaking of information that would force a bailout . 
  the difference between your position , which seems to be shared by most greeks in this thread , and what i hear in opinion pieces in local and international news is impressive : all i hear is how nobody in greece knew what they were voting on , that they were worse of because of it and that tsipras lost all support . 
  this does n't even play with recent polls , but it 's interesting how quickly an entire discourse on the subject is made up and propagated .
