it 's similar in ireland , some people view speaking irish as being snobby and exclusionary . 
  short of going to a gaeltacht if i tried communicating through irish i would fail hard and probably just piss people off . 
   bankrupt country except ireland was n't bankrupt , the vast majority of the debt was due to banks . 
  and a huge chunk of that debt was for anglo irish , a bank devoted almost entirely to property . 
  it 's kind of reminding me of the [ madman theory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madman_theory ) , make people believe putin is crazy enough to use nukes . 
  i find it hard to believe someone could think using nukes would de-escalate a conflict . 
  [ the irish times is reporting that they are n't boycotting israeli products . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/supervalu-says-it-is-not-involved-in-boycott-of-israeli-produce-1.1889022?utm_source=dlvr.it&amp;utm_medium=twitter ), 
   most of them support hamas hamas got 44 % of the vote , in 2006 when elections were last held , after [ dropping its call for the destruction of israel ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/jan/12/israel ) . 
  now we just need to choose a capital for our great irish empire . 
  this [ image ] ( http://imgur.com/k5ckbzl ) could help to convince some people . 
  what if it 's the democratic will of such a country to join nato ? 
   my issue is that if someone who owns a pub can not themselves decide if people can smoke there or not . 
  tonnes of pubs have smoking areas , any area that 's technically outside can be used as one if the owner likes . 
  well he 's resident in dublin , so giving his address in irish would be as valid as any other foreigner giving their address in the language of their country . 
  having said that though he was being a smart-ass . 
   oh so each region are worth a certain number of representatives and the votes from there are counted separately ? 
  pretty much , in ireland anyway dublin gets 3 meps , the south constituency gets 4 and midlands/northwest gets 4 . 
  i only found out recently that dividing countries into separate constituencies is actually the minority . 
  being gay was also only decriminalised in [ 1993 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_the_republic_of_ireland#law_regarding_same-sex_sexual_activity ) . 
  same for ireland , 1st in the public vote and 26th in the jury vote . 
  anglo irish received the most in terms of bailout money , and that bank was not for ordinary citizens . 
  most people use aib , boi , and permanent tsb , with anglo irish being the domain of property developers and such . 
  the former banks could have been bailed out , ensuring money still flows and people 's deposits are protected for a fraction of the cost whilst leaving anglo irish collapse . 
  well , when it comes sinn fein being anti-austerity [ this ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/politics/sinn-fein-backs-austerity-in-north-and-rejects-it-in-south-29990949.html ) calls it into question . 
  i do agree with a shift to the left though , arguably if the last general election had lead to a majority fine gael government labour would be cleaning up in opposition . 
  as mentioned elsewhere sinn fein gaining support is really a failure of other parties rather than anything special they 've been doing . 
  yeah , both bbc and rt\u00c9 are reporting this as an arrest , so there must be something there that they can prove . 
  yeah , this is where having the irish language comes in handy , although it 's also obvious you 're saying something that you do n't want others to understand . 
  also , some people in ireland will use [ `` ye '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_english#from_old-_and_middle-english ) , but i think it 's mainly the south that does it . 
  what is n't he doing at this stage ? 
  that sounds like an excellent idea comrade . 
   previous crimean government got just one radically pro-russian party . 
  it won 3 seats in elections . 
  and guess what ? 
  somehow it has a prime minister right now . 
  prime minister that is a russian citizen . 
  that 's something i ca n't understand . 
  i see it mentioned a lot how the government change in kiev was undemocratic , illegal and against a democratic government , despite 371 members of the ukrainian parliament voting for the interim government . 
  but then this change of government in crimea is conveniently ignored when calling the referendum legitimate . 
  ireland having two hymns , i 'm assuming that refers to the national anthem and ireland 's call at rugby matches ? 
  [ the irish one was n't much better ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/47cgnkg.png ), 
   and you 're forgetting libya was n't called for by the united states , it was called for by europe . 
  in fact , iirc the no-fly zone was enforced by forces lead by the uk and france with the us taking a back-ground/support type role . 
   the same newspapers which were the hawks about the invasion of iraq are now strongly opinioned against russia , talking about the legality of russia 's intervention and how russia violated the sovereignty of ukraine . 
  no doubt , but plenty of newspapers also condemned the us for the invasion of iraq , just as they condemn russia for invading ukraine now . 
  you 'll also find media that condemned the invasion of iraq but supports russia now . 
  hypocritical ? 
  sure , but if you look it goes both ways . 
  ireland has bus \u00c9ireann , which will get you pretty much anywhere by bus . 
  routes are usually expensive though unless you happen to be going to/from dublin which has a lot of competition . 
  as for use , all the time really , there are rail lines but routes are generally cheaper by bus . 
   boycotting that referendum is a move i can not understand . 
  well yes and no . 
  it 's a really difficult position to be in , but if they support the referendum and vote then they are acknowledging it as legitimate , and are binding themselves to the result so to speak . 
  but of course by boycotting it they are indeed making it much easier for putin . 
  sigh ... 
  guess i 'll break out the union jack then . 
   that 's the paradox i 'm getting at . 
  the face-saving exit of handing russia the crimea is actually face-losing again , because of the impact on the electoral make-up of the ukraine . 
  true , but maybe putin values crimea more than all of ukraine due to the black sea fleet . 
  it 's clear that a large percentage of people want to move closer to the eu so he 's grabbing what he can while he can ? 
  theoretically , if it ends up with polish troops engaging russians on ukrainian soil ( somehow ) , does that trigger nato coming in ? 
  or does it have to involve russian troops on polish soil before nato comes in ? 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/12/opinion/putin-plea-for-caution-from-russia-on-syria.html which was swiftly followed by an invasion of syria ... 
  the west is n't perfect , but russia invaded a sovereign nation . 
  call the west hypocrites if you like , but it 's in the right here , whether putin wants to listen or not . 
  and maybe a permanent eu army of some sort , something that could actually act on an eu level rather than relying on individual member states . 
  yeah , i want to see what happens , but i do wonder , with things ramping up , and the west ( so far ) doing nothing , coupled with yanukovich claiming he is still the legitimate president , could this end with yanukovich being re-installed as president , rather than say , russia `` just '' annexing crimea . 
  we must have been reading different things , because scattered all over the place i kept hearing how any use of force under any circumstances was wrong by protestors . 
  seriously , about 100 died and yanukovich gave orders to shoot protestors , but people are bent on academic exercises in what justifies force ? 
  i 'm typing this from a nice , safe computer on the other side of europe , i have no idea what it 's like there in the thick of things . 
  i do n't really see it being portrayed as 99 % versus 1 % at all , but i ca n't see how anything other than fresh elections is going to help . 
  after all that 's happened over the past few days particularly , how can anyone expect alll these protestors to just go home and accept a promise of elections by the end of the year ? 
  i would n't hold ireland rejecting the lisbon treaty as meaning anything , there were a lot of false claims made in that referendum by the no side . 
  for instance , one of the big things was the ireland would lose a commissioner , in actuality the lisbon treaty allowed for states to keep commissioners over the previous treaties . 
  it was also a bit surreal after that vote took place to see ukip ( i think ? ), 
  members celebrating the irish decision in the eu parliament . 
  does this mean i have to get hype over jedward ? 
  i do n't want to get hype over jedward . 
  but i ca n't understand why you 're watching the game if you have no interest in it . 
  i have no interest in football/soccer so i just do n't watch it . 
  typically with a coalition government , one party leaving puts the other in a very precarious position , either they remain as a minority government ( possible but difficult ) , get the support of another party , or are forced to dissolve parliament and call elections . 
  so yeah , this party leaving the government would be very interesting indeed . 
  needs one for waterford but my mind is drawing a blank . 
  which is all the more reason to not be reliant on russia . 
  i think it 's a lot more preferable to be in a democratic union rather than under the yolk of putin . 
  you 've mentioned how being gay is n't illegal several times now ... 
  so i can go to russia tomorrow with a guy and hold hands with him walking around moscow ? 
  no-one will say anything , there wo n't be any trouble whatsoever ? 
  also , there are occasional mentions of a joint eu army/taskforce , leaving nato could lead to that being a lot more likely . 
  do we get a refund then ? 
  that 's pretty cool , thanks !, 
  do you have a link to any more examples of that traditional irish script ? 
  i 'm embarrassed to say i never even knew symbols like that existed ... 
  i believe `` t\u00e1 \u00fall amh\u00e1in agam '' would also suffice to indicate just one , using aon just sounds so very weird in that sentence ... 
  yeah , not tourists . 
  well , you do raise some good points , but as a counter look at ireland . 
  a hundred years ago most people wanted independence while a minority did n't . 
  obviously not everyone was happy with the arrangement , just look at northern ireland .
