sorry , i ca n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  could you try to speak a bit more clearly ? 
  and the edukators , 
  yeah , it was a pun , but to be fair it 's great handwriting for an engineer , 
  there 's potential in your writing . 
  holy shit that made me cringe hard . 
  american exceptionalism ( read : veiled nationalism ) at its best . 
  not that i 've read the report but i might as well not if these are the initial remarks ... 
  holy shit the vienna one was amazing . 
  nothing better than some quality drum and bass with a hyperlapse ... 
  if you enjoyed this thread you 'll probably love [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8enxv97yfy ) vid . 
  that was fucking excellent, 
  maaaaaaan i have loads of those pokemon chips . 
  up until the start of hoenn in ~ 2004 they were so big at my school that everyone had the habit of collecting them . 
  but our way of playing was different . 
  we each `` bet '' a chip , and we proceeded to throw them down on the ground , close to a wall . 
  then each player would take turns throwing the chip he had bet on the wall , trying to get it to bounce in such a way that it would stay on top of the other player 's chip , in which case he won both chips . 
  there was some other rule but i ca n't seem to remember it . 
  pokemon in general was huge at my school . 
  at every break we would trade , play battles , show off shinies , etc. 
  literally everybody brought his gbc/gba and we would play and play , endlessly . 
  that was probably the best part of my childhood . 
  they basically got the `` good '' part of serbia so that 's why they wanted it for themselves , i guess . 
  becoming more and more a tourist place by the year . 
  also , horrible roads . 
  i wish it was only that, 
  damn right they speak weird . 
  i did n't know that the turkish cypriots spoke a weird dialect like greek cypriots do but there you have it . 
  i ca n't understand one bit . 
  me too !, 
  bow down to the ntua ece master race . 
  you keep hearing about that every year but you do n't really see it . 
  what i personally see is more than 50 % of my university 's staff being fired . 
  so much for the end of the recession . 
  plus i can type \u0391 , \u03a9 , and \u03bctorrent without having to google it and copy/paste it ... 
  not really . 
  the news department is pro-government , yes , but they are generally decently liberal . 
  i would advise against your girlfriend going to the athens ghettos by herself . 
  but you should n't go there regardless of your color . 
  anyway , outside athens it 's absolutely safe for everyone . 
  ( athens is good too but make sure you 're aware of the dangerous areas near the center ) . 
  fascists wo n't hurt tourists anyway . 
  these `` areas '' i 'm talking about are just immigrant ghettos . 
  that 's more pale than half of greek nationalists :p, 
  first of all , this is greece , a country of 10 million residents . 
  there is no `` random '' neonazi . 
  second , he was a member , which in theory is achieved by signing in a paper , but de facto means providing services to the party , whether that is a donation , taking part in gd events , or , in this case , joining one of their hit squads . 
  well i 'm not the op but left.gr was one of the first sites that posted it . 
  it 's the ancient roman salute . 
  * have n't you heard ? 
  that 's what they were saying early in the morning , but his friend on skai radio stated that he did n't have any affiliation with any party . 
  it 's only some parts of athens ... tourists do n't have problems as long as you are not very dark skinned . 
  ( and that 's only for some parts of athens . 
  outside of it it 's safe for everyone ) . 
  gd are criminals but they have no reason to mess with tourists . 
  just because they have swastikas and `` sieg heil `` s tattooed on their arms does n't mean they are neonazis . ^ see ^ what ^ i ^ did ^ there, 
  neonazis are a part of it but there are many who believe they are just good patriots ( does n't matter that their beliefs and acts are a simply `` copy-paste '' from nsdap ... ) . 
  golden dawn members are neonazis in denial . 
  found on the murderer 's house was a tazer , a police baton and of course golden dawn leaflets . 
  the victim was n't a member of any party , just an antifascist . 
  it 's false , his friend told on skai radio that it had nothing to do with football . 
  it 's been confirmed officially by the police and also the minister of public order . 
  he has confessed he is a member of gd as the article says . 
  it 's not some random neonazis . 
  i think golden dawn will get an insane percentage like 25 % seeing as it 's not national elections so nobody really has any sense of responsibility . 
  and the next day those fascists will boast about it and claim they are the legitimate government of the country or something . 
  it ca n't be good . 
  most are unoriginal and boring , but there are some completely stupid ones like this one [ ] ( http://www.cosmo.gr/epikairotita/ellada/politiki/article1754038.ece/binary/w460/karatzaferis+boxer.jpg ), 
  not always the case , but fairly common , yes !, 
  it also seems to be cool for younger girls , nowadays , to hook up with much older guys i.e. 
  many 16 year old girls are dating 22 year old guys etc. 
  we would eventually run out of metaxa though, 
  which means ? 
  if you asked me 5 years ago i 'd tell you no , but now they do seem more nationalistic , yes . 
  but you have to question whether other european countries would n't have a rise in nationalism if they had hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants and one of the biggest financial crises in history , while being called lazy tax thieves by everyone , all those at the same time . 
  things have changed . 
  albanians are pretty much integrated into the society now . 
  you just have the wrong idea , sorry . 
  maybe in 2000 you were right , but remember that albanians are pretty much the first immigrants to come to greece so people were not used to interacting with people from another background . 
  nowadays many greeks are against immigrants but albanians , are , by most , not considered immigrants anymore . 
  it 's the mass influx of people from pakistan/bangladesh etc. 
  that 's hated by a lot . 
  also along with regular immigrants , as costantine said , in the 90s , a lot of albania 's prison population came here as well . 
  that 's another reason for the `` attitude '' back then . 
  considering megali idea , pretty much every balkan country ( including yours ) has some equivalent of that . 
  by the way , there have been many cases of albanians going back to their country ( because of the crisis ) but then returning again to greece for 2 main reasons : 1 ) despite the crisis , quality of life in greece is far higher than that in albania . 
  2 ) most have children that simply can not be integrated in the albanian society . 
  that 's right , we are talking about young albanians that have been integrated so well into the greek society they can not stand the way of life back in albania . 
  i 'm saying all this to let you know that today , if there is one nation we 're not racist against , it 's albanians . 
  not even golden dawn , i mean they have albanians in their party ... 
   just like you find our accent incomprehensible , so do we no you do n't , else you would n't be speaking it at your state broadcaster  i mean , our accent is the `` default '' one . 
  most greek accents have very little deviation from the standard one . 
  crete 's is fairly off but can be understood if you pay close attention to it . 
  cypriot is just incomprehensible . 
    claims to not belong to `` balkans '' in terms of mentality and culture   that 's false . 
  everybody i know considers greece as part of the balkans . 
  you should learn not to believe everything you read at a newspaper , especially if it sounds as simplified as that . 
   they have silly accents . 
  most of them at least . 
  people in rhodes and crete speak almost normal .
