  judging from spain 's extreme police violence and the police collaborating with the fucking nazis here , i ca n't really say they 're the victims . 
   the far left is those that start fires next to parliament this reminds me of something  the far left is those that attack the police yes , especially in the last 2 years the poor policemen always get beaten up by the leftists, 
  it was posted on his personal website . 
  i see what you did there . 
  i wish what you said was the case , but that 's not how things are run here . 
  this law will not be repealed , mark my words . 
  greek society is 1 ) stupid 2 ) conservative 3 ) corrupted and 4 ) slow . 
  you do n't know greece . 
  i am ashamed to be part of the people that did this . 
  fucking horrendous . 
  screw religion . 
  screw god . 
  i do not fully understand your post . 
  instead , we 'll keep voting for corrupted idiots . 
  animus is a machine in assassin 's creed where you can live the memories of your ancestors through dna . 
  that probably wo n't be needed because our awesome compatriots will bring gd into power . 
  the joke is ruined now :p i was n't implying you were that old , 
  wait some months and you wo n't need an animus to relive those memories ... 
  living in a cave with no food ? 
  i am fed up with radical islamists , but the americans had it coming . 
  they were the ones that supported the islamists ' rise to power in the first place . 
  unfortunately , human lives that were not responsible had to be lost . 
  i actually meant it about my country and not reddit , but hey :d are you really from georgia ? 
  just a question to find out something , have you visited other eu countries ? 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i 'm probably the only one here though . 
  of course i was n't talking about the whole population , nor do i consider every kosovo resident a member of the mafia . 
  i do not have any desire to visit kosovo as i have experienced both albanian & serb culture and scenery . 
  i 've esentially visited every country surrounding it so making a trip just for kosovo right now , is not something i 'm excited about . 
  of course i hope i visit it sometime in the future , like most countries . 
  the media does n't really tell me anything , you only hear about kosovo when there is a conflict ( eg . 
  the border post incident ) . 
  when i use the term `` mafia '' , i am not implying a single organization , but rather how things work ( the balkan way , times 10 ) and how it is a shelter for illegal and immoral activities . 
  again i really hope that what you are saying is the case ( people wanting to move on ) . 
  the balkans could be a very rich region , if it was n't for nationalism and corruption . 
  i hope we abandon both of them , in time . 
  thanks for the comment by the way . 
  i agree with the second part of your post ( even though gd only changed its rhetoric to be able to gain more popularity ) , but by saying `` greek logic '' , i mean that when gd stabs an immigrant and leaves him to die , their popularity rises . 
  btw , i consider myself a centrist and do believe that something has to be done about the extremely large number of immigrants . 
  but they are pure neonazis , and i am an antifascist more than anything else , mainly because i believe in the exact opposites of what they do . 
  i also think that the op meant `` stab '' instead of `` stub '' . 
  ** this is an interview of the immigrants there ** : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhac2ivk1hk, 
  there is still tension with the serbs in northern kosovo , and i 've been in albania so i ca n't imagine the rest would be any different , at least culture-wise . 
  i ca n't imagine the scenery is much different than the rest of the west balkans . 
  to me , kosovo is currently a mafia state . 
  arms trading , drugs , it 's the hotspot for anything . 
  talking to everyday people . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  that 's the majority of greeks ' logic . 
  after tito 's death it gradually got worse and worse in regards to the state of yugoslavia as a. . . state . 
  the yugoslavia of 1989 was of course something sick . 
  not sick , sick . 
  you have very similar languages , you have the same customs , same looks . 
  you lived in peace after ww2 until nationalism rose in the late 80 's , where you killed each other for absolutely fucking stupid reasons . 
  of course milosevic was what lighted the fire but it was n't only serbian nationalism that rose , it was also croat and muslims in bosnia . 
  i 'm hoping the people will put this all behind them and start realising they have no major differences . 
  sure , when you compare slovenia to macedonia there are some pretty big gaps , but the republics within modern yugoslavia would have parlaments themselves , because the state was federalised . 
  i 'm saying this because i actually love the balkans and especially yugoslavia . 
  it 's beautiful and diverse . 
  the only part of it that i have n't visited is kosovo , and i would n't want to either . 
  blaming milosevic for everything is not the solution either . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but milosevic had the support of most serbs , even after the first war . 
  the thing with yugoslavia is that it was n't only the leaders , but it was also the people themselves . 
  we are offtopic by the way , since milosevic did n't care about macedonia so he let it go without a fight . 
  to contribute though , here 's a fun fact : milosevic had actually proposed to the greek president to split yugoslavian macedonia in two , the northern part going to serbia and the lower one to greece . 
  thankfully the government was n't that crazy , even though if you ask about it here , a serious amount ( if not the majority ) of greeks will probably tell you `` we should have bombed them when we haved the chance . 
  we 'd sent 2 fighter jets and it would be ours in no time . '', 
  nationalism is the no. 1 factor of destruction in our nice region . 
  i agree , milosevic was a nationalist . 
  i was n't excluding him . 
  fyi i 'm a spy . 
  it is a sad birthday as yugoslavia gradually dissolved . 
  you had a strong state that i bet would have been one of the most ( if not the most ) well off ex-communist country after 1990 . 
  instead you have small states like croatia , serbia , bosnia , macedonia etc. 
  that essentially have no more differences that a person from miami and a person from california . 
  nationalism ruined yugoslavia . 
  that being said , i think nationalism in the macedonian republic rose after the split , not before , seeing as the split from serbia was peaceful . 
  the naming issue is just bullcrap . 
  it should have been named slavomacedonia from the start . 
  both sides are fucking ignorant and stupid . 
  let 's be honest , you look like slavs , speak the language , have the same customs . 
  not that the greeks have much relation to ancient macedonia either . 
  sure , 1/2 % of the population of greece/rep . macedonia may have some ancient macedonian roots waaaaaaay back in the past but if you think that the bloodline goes uninterrupted for 2000 + years ... well you 're delusional . 
  same goes for the greeks and ancient greece , but that percentage might be like 30 % ( not direct bloodline , but some relation ) . 
  many here are really dark coloured , they are probably left over from the ottoman times . 
  some are not pale but not dark either ; they are probably the most `` greek '' of all when it comes to resemblance . 
  there are also many people who have slav roots seeing as they settled here in the 7th century . 
  that being said , i look german ( tall , blonde-blue eyes combo ) , with the exception of super dense and thick hair which . . holy fuck i have a lot of hair . . 
  everywhere . 
  if i was from your state , i 'm not sure i 'd `` celebrate '' . 
  heck , i do n't even celebrate our independence day , it 's a nationalism fest with army and school parades . 
  also : it does n't feel `` right '' when i call your country `` macedonia '' . 
  republic of macedonia , sure . 
  calling it macedonia and its residents macedonians imply that , for example , my ( greek macedonian ) friends in thessaloniki are occupying some part of your country that should rightfully belong to you . 
  that 's why slavomacedonia/north macedonian republic/nova makedonija sound like good solutions to me . 
  hey , not everybody knows german ( yet )  i hope you 're right . 
  perfect !, 
  i 'm greek myself and currently live in greece . 
  the police does n't give a fuck . 
  far-right support has always been high in the police .
