  they should only use weapons if there is a crime involving weapons ( on the criminal 's part ) . 
  it 's the only way the eu will survive , at this point . 
  i do not disagree . 
  i never said that gd is anything more than hypocritical nazi thugs . 
  that does n't justify what a large percentage of roma people do though . 
  i live in kalamata , so i 'll give some insight . 
  the roma ( not every individual , in general ) in messenia , the wider region of which kalamata is the capital , live , just like everywhere else , ** voluntarily ** secluded from the rest of the population . 
  they commit many robberies in nearby villages and the locals are pretty much terrified . 
  there are crimes in areas where people , 10 years ago , would sleep with their doors unlocked . 
  it 's been getting worse and worse since the crisis hit , and the locals are fed up with them . 
  golden dawn on the other hand , are trying to take advantage of this situation . 
  it 's only normal . 
  golden dawn support is high in kalamata anyway , we are talking about one of the most close-minded areas of greece . 
  some of my classmates are supporters of them . 
  just another day in the life ... 
  if you 're not in athens , this is n't far from the truth !, 
   96 % of italians take their news from tv , according to istat , out statistics insititute i think this is a very high percentage . 
  it seems impossible that grillo got so much support with 96 % getting info from news sources . 
  what it does explain though , is berlusconi 's percentages . 
  that 's great !, 
  i live on souvlaki so i am not one to give advice . 
  you should ask the other greek redditors , they actually have a clue and are going to make your experience better if you ask them questions before visiting . 
  crete is greece 's texas , just with bonus beaches and a large weed production ... 
  please do n't stay only in malia ( i suppose that 's where you 're going since you 're english ) , visit some [ more ] ( http://newmedia.thomson.co.uk/live/vol/0/8b3c5bf8d3436a477f565dfaf47302d1812cf9aa/1080x608/web/europe___mediterranean_greece_crete_des_000800__crete_resorts_elafonisi_island_paradise.jpg ) places there too  i 'm not a local but you can ask in / r/greece for more info , we are always glad to help !, 
  uck being supplied with equipment was one of the worst crimes '' * the west * '' ever commited . 
  they are grade a ruthless thugs . 
  not really , it was only a change in the way they count unemployment . 
  the actual number of unemployed people has risen , but the percentage dropped due to that change . 
  what 's up with ex-ddr and why is there such a difference with the rest of germany ? 
  that series was awesome ; _ ; also , is it just me , or did half of `` komissar rex '' take place in staircases and buildings where the bad guy would be shooting from the higher levels and rex 's owner would be taking cover and missing bullets until the dog did something amazing and catch the criminal ? 
  that 's what i remember from when i was 5 anyway ... 
  the orthodox monks are gay but it 's consensual , so i see no problem , 
  you 're implying that the catholic church is n't corrupted . 
  sorry , had to be said :p orthodox church is corrupted to the max , as it is everywhere , but there are not any sex-related scandals , as there are in the catholic church . 
  that bit is true . 
  that 's why they do n't rape little kids :d, 
  23c and no clouds in the horizon . 
  what is this snow you speak of ? 
  that 's cold bro, 
  i think it is common knowledge that the austerity , which started being implemented in 2010 , has been getting more and more radical since then . 
  of course it works , it 's just that the countries inhabited by lame lazy people who can not take responsibility , and on top of that call the hardworking europeans that give them money all the time `` nazis '' that are ruining ez 's image . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  germany accidentally an empire ... 
  there is tourism there , and it 's probably the cheapest you can get in the adriatic . 
  ( minus albania , which i am sorry to say that ... kind of sucks , very few lights at night , roads are awful etc. ), 
  i remember looking at some tourist agencies and it was dirt cheap ( hotels in neum , bosnia compared to croatia ) . 
  it 's definitely not the best part of the adriatic but if the budget is low you can go there and just go to dubrovnik by car ... it 's like 15-25 mins if i recall correctly . 
  it is a de facto protectorate of turkey . 
  so no , they will not be affected , at least not directly . 
  damn man . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  if the left was n't so stubborn we could have made great progress regarding the golden dawn issue . 
  we have to hit them where it hurts ( in the ... uh ... national pride ) . 
  inflation does n't happen overnight and banks do n't lock up either . 
  i confused socialist with being a thief . 
  so it 's in a bad financial position . 
  is that your definition of shithole ? 
  in what way is cyprus a shithole ? 
  lol . 
  is n't the `` socialist '' the one that takes away 10 % of your savings in an instant ? 
  can you keep us updated ? 
  that being said , yugoslavia during the war was much worse than hell . 
  somebody give this guy reddit gold :p ( jokes aside , his post sums it up perfectly ), 
  the greek version would be something like this : '' * do you want this to be your future ? 
  well , it will be . 
  whether you pay your taxes , or not * . '', 
  ah , december 2011 ... good times , good times . 
  tax . 
  everything . 
  to the max . 
  that being said , there 's quite a bit of tax evasion . 
  there are no advantages . 
  that 's old news https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev%c5%9firme oh , nevermind :p, 
  that 's what they tried to do here too , and they got beaten up some days later . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  you ca n't eat souvlaki without looking like a barbarian . 
  and frankly , even if you could , it would n't be the real souvlaki experience , 
  you get them only in special places : laganas in the island of zante , kavos in the island of corfu , and malia in the island of crete . 
  that 's where the crazy shit takes place . 
  that 's like 0.01 % of tourist places in greece , and i 'm not underestimating . 
  haha , i did n't know that !, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  and kind of true actually . 
  these areas are n't worth visiting if your interests are n't limited to booze and sex . 
  after midnight , things can get a bit dangerous there . 
  it 's not like there 's a border , lol . 
  i 've been there though ( out of curiosity ) and it 's like being in the uk ... just with awesome weather , beaches , and unlimited alcohol . 
  also , no laws whatsoever . 
  that 's nothing compared to what the british do in some greek islands  watch here and you 'll understand https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-bjdtk8as0, 
  italian and russian . 
  well it is extreme left by american standards , but definitely centre-left by european ones . 
  surely not , mein master . 
  well said !, 
  what ? 
  i 'm in the last year of high school . 
  if all of the students at my school could vote , golden dawn would get something like 40 % . 
  i live in a conservative part of greece , but still it 's an awful situation . 
  the saddest part about it is that many times it 's the people you 're expecting it from the least that they 're voting them . 
  otherwise smart and kind-hearted people , when it comes to politics they just go full retard and feed on the propaganda . 
  and there 's literally nothing you can do .
