it depends on if the westminster government would exempt the nhs from big insurance businesses coming in to compete , given the current make-up of the government and the fact the have n't already exempted the nhs i would n't trust them . 
  if the conservatives were real about their hatred of handing over powers to the eu they would have already got rid of ttip they have n't . 
  ttip is seen quite badly here , as it would leave the nhs open to more privatisation and big company 's able to sue the state as a couple of reasons . 
  i believe it will more widely be known of and opposed in scotland as it was on of the issues of the independence debate . 
  as i explaned here , its a slightly more complecated situation than that : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/57lz51/theresa_may_rejects_second_scottish_independence/d8t0wt6, 
   calling the executive of a devolved parliament a `` government '' was just jargon pandering by blair , it 's too mickey mouse to be considered an actual `` government '' imo thats you opinion but they have control over several factors of the scottish state and are therefore a government . 
   rejecting an independence referendum 2 years earlier does not constitute a mandate . 
  no but there manifesto they won the election in 2016 with does . 
   and the idea of `` eu citizenship '' is fucking abhorrent . 
  how can you be a citizen of a supranational organisation , it makes me sick . 
  eu citizenship is a broad term relating to the rights agreed to and upheld by the agreement of all countries within the eu . 
  it covers the right to vote in european elections , the right to free movement , settlement and employment across the eu , and the right to consular protection by other eu states ' embassies when a person 's country of citizenship does not maintain an embassy or a consulate in the country in which they require protection . 
   are you suggesting that scotland and northern ireland did n't participate in the federal referendum ? 
  last time i looked , it was one man one vote and everyone 's vote was counted equally . 
   why scots insist on ` scottish-only ' votes is beyond me , but probably just amounts to ethnic chauvinism . 
  no its because the uk is made up of different countries , looking at eu and un the are represented by countries , its is not '' ethnic chauvinism . '', 
  its how the world works democratically to represent societies . 
   keyword : tried . 
  yes it was outvoted by other mps , the same that voted for english votes for english laws . 
  which also makes your above comments invalid . 
   for the last time , when were scots deprived of the right to vote in the eu referendum ? 
  they voted like everyone else did , as part of one federally united kingdom . 
  the uk is not a federal structure as you just pointed out . 
  if it was federal scotland would have a veto over foreign affairs ( eu ) , defence . 
  and have everything else under the full control of its parliament , it doesnt . 
  no they are acting like a scottish government with a mandate to hold another referendum . 
  - to protect our democratic wishes and our eu citizenship . 
  might not have noticed but scotland voted overwhelmingly to stay in the eu . 
  scotland is now being faced with the prospect of being taken out of the eu against its democratic will ( as is northern ireland ) . 
  this is after the better together ( pro eu ) parties stated in the 2014 scottish independence referendum that being part of the uk safeguarded our place in the eu . 
  the snp was also elected in 2016 of a mandate if we were taken out of the eu against our will another referendum would be held . 
  it is also worth noting that after the uk election in 2015 the snp ( after winning 56 of 59 seats ) also tried to pass an amendment to the eu vote for it to be held with a double majority , so no nation would be forced out against their wishes . 
  this is clearly not an issue of sore losing there has been fundamental change in the uk and it is not the same uk of 2 years ago ; when people are having their democratic rights and possibly rights as european citizens removed against their will it is quite right scotland revisits its national question again . 
   are you sure that 's the case ? 
  your own currency would be sterling . 
  its not englands currency , its yours too . 
  although this is correct . 
  that was n't what was told to the people during the referendum from the uk state , in fact to most peoples minds this is why it failed . 
  - no ` plan b ' on currency . 
  despite suggestions that if scotland was n't allowed to keep the pound it would not take on its share of the uks mammoth national debt . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-26166794 http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/independent-scotland-could-not-keep-3142934 it was only after it emerged the bank of england did plan for a possible currency union . 
  its not exactly fair debate on the subject ; independence supporters have to take on the state , and a state broadcaster that is sworn now to protect the uk state . 
  and budget statistics that scotland has to figure out its independent finances have always been obfuscated ( gers ) the argument now is a different one , a plan b could well be a better option , the gbp is the worlds worst performing currency post brexit . 
  so a different currency could work well . 
  good god we are not even discussing it as a main topic ... and all of that is your opinion , its up to the people of scotland to decide . 
  i agree with you in that i think any part of the uk whether it be scotland , ni or london . 
   the banking sector will no doubt be part of the negotiations , but that 's not a special deal for a specific area . 
  if that is the case that is more part of the negotiations than what scotland will be getting . 
  to be honest all this needs clarified , and it needs to come from the uk government . 
  if they are prepared to go into negotiations and not even say what kind of deal will be made it is unacceptable . 
  if she does clarify scotland and ni are not getting a special deal then both those countries should decide their futures on that basis . 
   the uk has made it very clear that scotland can not stay in the eu while being in the uk . 
  in fact , i 'm fairly sure the eu would not allow parts of a country to be within the eu while other parts are n't . 
   westminster said they 'll look at the snp proposals . 
  the certainly did n't say they would entertain the idea of scotland staying within the eu . 
  please watch the video you are commenting on alex salmond already commented on this , may has already made promises to parts of the uk . 
  and the eu has precedence . 
  if they do n't and may finally confirms it then that 's fine , its only fair at that point scotland is asked the independence question again . 
   no , the barnett formula gives wholly disproportionate spending to scotland . 
  the only net contributer to the uk at the moment is london which also voted to stay in the eu , every other region is a loss , due to uks massive debts - https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/request/283081/response/695240/attach/3/response.pdf its worth noting for the greatest part of the last 100 years scotland has been a net contributer to the uk giving in billions more than it has received back . 
  even before the finding of north sea oil . 
  from 1900 to 1921 http://worldofstuart.excellentcontent.com/repository/gers1921.xlsx from 78 ' - 95 http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm199697/cmhansrd/vo970113/text/70113w07.htm#70113w07.html_spnew0 on-words : according to calculations by pro-union economist prof. brian ashcroft , had scotland been independent since 1981 it would now have a reserve fund worth between # 68bn and # 200bn , rather than being liable for a share of the uk 's trillion-pound debt . 
  - http://wingsoverscotland.com/massive-oil-leak-discovered/  i hope scotland do go their own way , would be like cutting off an infected limb . 
  and that 's the attitude it gets back . 
   even that was n't over the 50 % mark . 
  yes it was you are counting do n't knows , with those removed it is well over 50 % . 
  the polls also indicated that 10 % of 2014 yes voters had moved to no - they will be far more open to convincing to voting yes again . 
   the snp have n't requested another referendum because they know they wo n't win one . 
  i would wait till the next poll , in the aftermath of the eu ref there was a strong switch to supporting independence since then noone knew what was going to happen with the uk-eu relationship . 
  it was only confirmed as a hard brexit last week by may . 
   scotland ca n't afford the uncertainty of another independence referendum , it cant afford to be forced out of a union that benefits it because of idealogical reasons either , but here we are . 
   this amendment was rejected by the house . 
  the house is controlled by a majority english mps . 
  533/650 its hard to see how england cant get its way . 
   he knew very well that this was a matter for the uk as a whole . 
  there was no `` promise to do '' . 
  a scottish vote is not worth 11 times that of a vote from the rest of the uk . 
  scotland is a country not a region and like ireland can decide to leave the union . 
   anyway , i fully support scotland calling a referendum , but it should be now . 
  stop using it as a ` threat for the future ' . 
  the majority of people in scotland want to be in both unions if possible i do n't think anyone will debate that ; as salmond said in the interview they are exploring if the uk will allow scotland to stay in the eu . 
  - if they fail despite having said they will look into other possibilities for other parts of the uk a referendum will very much be called . 
  firstly scotland is a country not a region and can choose to leave the union if it decides , that 's why other federal nations have compromises and vetos at state level . 
  england does n't arguably need a parliament because it has a massive majority control of the uk parliament . 
  - regions were offered devolution at the same time as scotland and wales but it was rejected . 
   government spending in scotland is much , much higher than england , more than # 1500 per head more per person . 
  when you take into account how much tax collected v public spending into account it verges on ridiculous . 
  the barnett formula give us the equivalent of spending of public services in england . 
  scotland contributes the 3rd most in taxes only behind london and the south east . 
  the sub sample is from 137 people you need at least 1000 for a good poll so i would n't even draw any conclusions on that . 
  as you said we await more polls . 
  but if you had to examine it , remember they are being asked if its better for the uk ( calling it britain ... ) , not for them specifically when you ask those type of questions you get from the scottish subset . 
  ( majority answers and percent ) britain was wrong to leave 58 % negotiating britons exit was handled badly total 58 % britain will be worse off economically by 57 % less influence in the eu by 47 % bad for jobs by 49 % bad for nhs 39 % less immigration 55 % bad for pensions 38 %  and it was said months ago by both the uk & eu that a separate deal for scotland is impossible so i 'm not sure what you 're going on about there . 
  the scottish parliament created a document outlining the various options the uk government could do the allow scotland to remain part of the eu . 
  may said she is willing to listen to those proposals , but indeed her actions will prove if she means that . 
  if this fails i would say that is the last straw before the independence question will be asked again . 
  that 's not the true story may only clarified last week it was a hard brexit , and we are still waiting on if she will strike a deal to allow ni/scotland to stay , if that fails i would expect the polls to go back to where they were just after the brexit vote . 
  no scotland :(, 
  interesting watching the bbc report this in the uk , as very close while i 've never heard them refer to the eu ref as such . 
  im not arguing its not politically independent but to say its not a country is not true .
