it 's about how you do it . 
  using army : wrong . 
  i agree with you . 
  putin 's a criminal , not a stupid . 
  that criminal called putin is stealing pieces of europe . 
  when will we stop him ?? 
  no shit , sherlock !, 
  everybody knew that !, 
  yeah that makes no sense . 
  this post could n't be clearer !, 
  nah , turkey will never be in the union . 
  eu people do n't want it , eu governments do n't want it . 
  this is like a horror movie, 
  then , sir , you 're a fraud . 
  especially in italy, 
  is it like normal football but with a bumpy and very green field ? 
  finally some good news, 
  good !, 
  it is , partially . 
  much more than yakuza , less then cartels . 
  `` when residents in this typical soviet factory town voted enthusiastically to secede from ukraine and to become russians , they thought the chaos and corruption that made daily life a struggle were a thing of the past . '', 
  really ? 
  they wanted to erease corruption by becoming russians ??? 
  wtf, 
  it 's old . 
  erdogan should aim at putin . 
  also hollande and obama should be in the stand off . 
  by `` secular turks '' you mean all 10 ? 
  well , right , he was no reason to be proud . 
  but still , better than an authoritarian antidemocratic religious extremist, 
  we 're quite hairy too , but that 's it , and definitely not enough to base a cohexistance on . 
  edit : also i do n't want to have anything to do with people who vote for erdogan . 
  who wants turkey in the eu ???? 
  they have nothing in common with us . 
  * blush *, 
  i still do n't see it . 
  some countries are more relevant than others , depending on the personal point of view of the observer . 
  do you think an huge economical crysis in germany has the same impact as one in somalia to a person living in holland ? 
  of course not , right ? 
  yeah , some us states have also 5 times our ratio of obese people ... what do you mean ? 
  are we throwing random numbers here ? 
  what are you trying to imply ? 
  do i really need to explain to you why france us and other european countries should care about italy ? 
  because this seems so absurd to me that it makes me think you 're somehow trying to fuck around ... 
  i just could n't figure out why people care about a 3rd world country with no appartent value , considering the 100s of other african countries no one cares about ... now , thanks to other redditors that gave me reasonable motivations ( unlike you ) , i understand . 
  i hust hope you realize you 've been silly in offending me and my country , especially because that offence came from the fact that you did n't understand my point and misinterpreted my post . 
  btw , a lot of people replied with helpful infos , and you were the only one who did n't understand ... congrats . 
  for the same reason no one gives a fuck about almost the entire rest of the world ? 
  why does people care about mali ? 
  seriuos question ... 
  antisemitism has never been so funny, 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure all those stabbers just want to show empathy with jews, 
  yeah sure . 
  learn from israel . 
  everyone sees they did n't accomplish anything , and if any , the situation has worsened . 
  yeah , but eventually he 'll get to say the last word and that word will be that russian athletes are clean . 
  otherwise you subversive journalist will be shot in the head , da ? 
  i totally agree with france . 
  iranians do n't want to drink wine , that 's fine , they do n't have to if they do n't want to . 
  but for fuck sake you ca n't expect other people to comply with thier absurd culture . 
  it 's called `` freedom '' . 
  i 'm from milano ( north ) and if i hear someone speaking quickly napoletano i do n't get a single word . 
  edit : when i watched gomorra i had to turn on subtitles . 
  i know i was talking about my perception of it, 
  i 've always thought irish language was sorta like english . 
  then i met an irish guy who made me listen to it and i could n't belive how similar to german it sounds . 
  good . 
  i hope we get rid from our russian gas addiction asap , so next time putin acts like a bully he 'll get his ass kicked . 
  dear british people , you 're welcome . 
  sincerely yours , the rest of europe . 
  of course it 's not our problem ( but neither saudi 's or other arabs ' in general ) but it 's human to help people in difficulties ( within a reasonable number ) . 
  if someone commits a crime you have to punish him , not his ethnical group in general . 
  you 're right , their credit is with israel not with jews in general . 
  so what do you want to do , leave millions of muslim in danger of life because of war because there are some possibilities that some of them might commit a violent crime against european jews ? 
  in civil societies penal responsability is always upon the single person , not a whole community . 
  i 'm working on it , 
  `` our '' ? 
  lol but then again , last time israel attacked them , they killed 2000 people so they 're still on credit, 
  food , fashon and mafia . 
  yeah , except an absolute 0 exists only in pure math , so it 's perfectly correct to talk about a great increase in wealth ( wealth was n't exactly 0 ) . 
  and no , i do n't think people will make a revolution as long as their bellies are full , and honestly i do n't even understand why you wrote that because i never said that . 
  china is a brutal regime because it is a regime , that 's it . 
  they no respect for human rights , for people 's freedom and religion . 
  that makes them a blood thirsty regime . 
  you 're free to disagree with me , and i 'm free to think you 're ignorant on the topic . 
  so the guy wants to replace democracy with an islamic caliphate , them he complains that government decision is not democratic ???? 
  wtf !, 
  denmark did the right choice . 
  i definitely agree . 
  but that conflict has no conclusion : both parties are willing to annihilate each other . 
  honetly i do n't see a resolution to that . 
  `` dear merkel , do n't accept people escaping form war , because they might speak badly about us . 
  yours sincerely , the jews '', 
  i know chinese are not that whealty compared to us , i 'm talking about increase of wealth , not wealth in absolute value . 
  please at least pay attention to my writing if you want to reply . 
  besides that , if you do n't recognize china being a blood thirsty dictatorship , you 're the ignorant one , so please do n't waste my time . 
  thank you . 
  ok , if wealth is a consequence of democracy , then please explain to me why communist china has had a huge increase in people 's wealth while remaining a blood thirsty dictatorship . 
  i do n't feel in charge of helping out chineses with their poverty ( besides , they 're improving their lifestyle at a speed that 's much faster than ours ) , i care about my morals . 
  not really mine , in this case , but you understand what i mean .
