  also i doubt this trade deal will change anything with chinese people lifestyle . 
  edit : oh , btw you are implying that a better lifestyle means adopting democracy . 
  i personally do n't agree , besides , it has still to be proved . 
  japan 's right . 
  making more business with china implies less ability to speak against its crimes . 
  yeah , you just pictured the most likely scenario ever . 
  who has n't done that at least once in his/her life ? 
  if i sell it at any point i have to buy a new one at the same price per square meter , so i do n't have money to spend . 
  otherwise i can rent a new house , but my money will decrease . 
  except you ca n't spend it, 
  if you sell it you need to buy a new one, 
  yeah , i get it . 
  let me be more clear : it 's a useless and purely theorical wealth index . 
  so it 's a fake wealth idex . 
  if you have money because you own a house then you do n't have any money . 
  so we italians are richer than the germans ? 
  no way, 
  and weed, 
  both and none of those . 
  truth is somewhere between those extremes, 
  yes , but do n't you think citizens should have a bit of precedence agaist non citizens ? 
  i am actually shocked it wasn already so, 
  you choose to live in a country , you need to respect local laws . 
  do n't want to be submitted to barbarical laws and savage illiterate people ? 
  do n't go live in places like saudi arabia . 
  that 's because he was working for spainish crown , not because he was spanish citizen or born in spain . 
  study your history please . 
  if the prince is offended by our art he can stay in his medieval country, 
  he might be the biggest political mistake americans could make . 
  he 's the american berlusconi . 
  what kind of activities did you guys do in nothern italy ? 
  that 's my place and i know nothing of it, 
  we still need nato , especially considering vlady putain 's new imperialistic wave, 
  any european country is more or less a us vassal state . 
  but us are interested in a compact europe and army , because they have 1 point of contact instead of 20 something . 
  i 'm pretty sure the french will be sad af about vlady putain non coming, 
  to help people visualize who the foreigns are , i suggest they apply yellow stars on their sleeves . 
  it was about time, 
  this is totally fucking inacceptable . 
  and honestly i do n't see how the will do it , considering they wo n't have right to vote while they exit . 
  lol, 
  it 's a system that their politicians made , so it 's still citizens ' fault, 
  then berlusconi pops in : `` no , i will fuck you both ! '', 
  he 's really awful at diplomacy . 
  that 's sad, 
  domenica means `` day of the lord '' , with `` dominus '' meaning `` lord '' in latin, 
  generally speaking yes , but it has nothing to do with this, 
  what values ? 
  read again the article, 
  i kinda agree with the guy . 
  you do n't share our values , you leave . 
  that 's how you know for sure farage is an idiot, 
  but if the brits sell their arms to the saudi , how will they accomplish even the simpler tasks , live open doors or eating ? 
  i 'm european and i do n't think this sub is biased or too american oriented . 
  someone has to pay for this, 
  i believe if they doped handicapped people as well they would n't count in para too, 
  it was a joke about russia not being europe, 
  you mean 4, 
  not only that . 
  otherwise , even early hitler and mussolini were democratics . 
  yeah sure , of course !, 
  next week they 'll attack themselves again for some reason . 
  no hate but ... you need to be retarded to call that `` beautiful '', 
  yeah , the stupid one . 
  this is the stupidest thing i 've seen here on r/europe, 
  i did n't avoid anything , i just made my previous post clearer , but of course if a person just do n't want to understand a point that he will never understand it , no matter how clear is the explanation . 
  and i 'm saying that i do n't care if us electorate likes him or not , i think he 's worthless and i will countinue to think this way and i 'll say it every time i want to . 
  tacobenderz feels probably the same . 
  if you say that consensus is what ultimately counts in democracy you 're saying : `` any politicians is a good one as long as people vote for him '' . 
  so according to your point putin or orban are good politicians . 
  so we 're supposed to like him because he 's supported by a significant portion of his electorate ? 
  i do n't think so ... 
  it 's not surprising at all ... 
  british politicians stopped their campaign because of this . 
  i 'm impressed by their fairness . 
  but then again , i 'm italian so maybe i 'm just bad accustomed . 
  we 'll never know , my friend !, 
  you 're too weak and poor to occupy any big eu country . 
  also , russia have to discard all swamp cards, 
  who can tell why , uh ??? 
  `` it could become even smaller , if you know what i mean '', 
  in your ass , russians !, 
  well , if russia leaves the euro cup soon , france will avoid to pay milions of $ in damages . 
  come on . 
  that has never happened . 
  like , never ever . 
  turkey is geografically half europe , so that is half a mistake . 
  israel on / r/europe is 100 % mistake . 
  the fact that yours is not the first mistake does n't make it less of a mistake . 
  so we wo n't accept turkey in the eu . 
  that 's fine for me !, 
  this is / r/europe not r/somewherebetweenafricaandasia, 
  i kinda expected this video . 
  good . 
  it 's not acceptable they wo n't accept their own people back !, 
  what really scares me is that the turks still seems to like him, 
  do you think you can talk them into reason?don ' t waste your time . 
  lol turkey will never join eu . 
  but then again you ca n't expect meaningful ideas from christiantoday.com, 
  those were a joke .
