  he has the very negative american attitue towards change . 
  he is speacking froma place of fear and ignorance . 
  one of my best friend moved around a lot because her parents were in the military and worked for the government . 
  she lived in paris , madrid and south america . 
  she has travelled extensively to boot . 
  she is well rounded and a wonderful person . 
  her travel experiences have only enhanced her development . 
  she had stable loving parents with her the whole time . 
  they have a close family . 
  it does n't matter where they lived because they were there together and supported each other . 
  she speaks multiple languages and is openminded as a result of her travels . 
  when i lived in sf i was friends with many people that went to international schools in indonesia and other se asian countries . 
  they all had wonderful things to say about growing up outside of the us and experiencing the world . 
  we have freinds all over europe . 
  no matter where we move we will be able to set up a stable and happy home for our children . 
  before we had kids we lived in a couple of different cities in the us and europe . 
  we are well aware of what we are getting our family into . 
  its not a big deal . 
  i think we may have different definitions of `` bohemian '' . 
  the way i see it there is n't anything wrong with growing up in a bohemian atmosphere . 
  this amount is impossible to live on in my city . 
  generally its 2 weeks vacation per year . 
  also there are a few more bills like electricity/gas , cellphone , internet , etc. 
  how much do you pay for rent ? 
  in the areas where the tech salaries are insane ... so are the rental prices . 
  for example in san francisco studios in the worst neighborhood ( tenderloin ) are going for over $ 2,000 / month . 
  from the description it sounds like a good family dog . 
  the iron druid book series is about the greatest irish wolfhound ever . 
  i like the sound it makes, 
  i have a cousin who lives in san diego and the name diego is popular in the mexican community there . 
  all 3 of those names are very popular here in california . 
  my kids have a few friends with all of those names . 
  augustas , sweetheart save some room for later . 
  `` gabriel '' ... how is that a typo ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  on my way to work this morning pbs had a piece about vets going to dapl . 
  this has me thinking ... is there a sub for european real estate ? 
  reminds me of wim hoff, 
  i though `` born with a silver spoon in their mouth '' meant they came from money and did n't have to work hard . 
  in america we have a similar saying `` that it will put hair on your chest '' . 
  meaning , that whatever brave action will make you manly . 
  i like them ... my american is showing , is n't ? 
  have you looked into workaway ? 
  it 's difficult to relocate when you are broke . 
  yes , i see how that would be a good business in spain . 
  are you hiring  ? 
  do you mind me asking what you do ? 
  i make 70k here in the us and we are barely getting by . 
  we would love to return to spain . 
  we did a study abroad program there a few years ago . 
  my son broke his arm and it cost $ 500 copay . 
  keep in mind as a family of 4 we pay close to $ 700 a month for mid level insurance coverage . 
  as an american who has lived in europe and experienced both systems of living , i get the impression that you have n't lived abroad . 
  i have lived and worked in san francisco , san diego , denver and madrid . 
  hands down the quality of life is better in europe . 
  i was making 3x as much in san francisco than i was in madrid , but my money went further and the quality of life was better . 
  for example my husband and i spent $ 45 a week on groceries in madrid , when we came back to the states is was $ 135 a week . 
  my rent is sf was $ 1400 for a room , in madrid we paid $ 300 for a room and it was right down town a couple of blocks off gran via . 
  in addition i was pregnant when we were in madrid . 
  the medical care was excellent . 
  i was amazed when the doctor spent more that 10 min . 
  with me !, 
  also , when i brought my medical records back to the states with me ( we had the baby here in the us ) my doctors were blown away at the throughness of the lab reports . 
  i had a wonderful experience abroad . 
  also , it 's very rare that we can take the full two weeks off together . 
  normally we it 's a few days here and a few days there . 
  we also have a much higher cost of living . 
  for example we pay $ 700 a month for health insurance for our family of four . 
  in spain that would cost us under $ 200 . 
  i would kindly disagree with that graph . 
  here is so california the average commute is 30-45 min depending . 
  yes , the public transportation , walking and biking paths are horrible in most cities . 
  there are a couple of cities where one can live and not need a car , san francisco , ny an a couple of others . 
  the vast majority of the us is it 's nearly impossible to survive without a car . 
  i live so . 
  california 3.3 miles from work . 
  public transportation takes 55 min to get there , or a 45 min . 
  very indirect bike ride . 
  walking is n't an option at all . 
  driving is 10-15 min . 
  sadly , the majority of americans . 
  please do n't jump to the conclusion that it 's because we are all lazy . 
  most cities lack good public transportation and safe biking or walking paths . 
  american woman here ... i understand where your statements are coming from but i believe the tone of your comment over exaggerates the situation . 
  in addition the problems are generally worse in a few southern states and in contrast there are other states where it is n't much of an issue at all . 
  that one is used in the us . 
  thanks i 'll pm both of you !, 
  edit : word, 
  my husband and i are looking to move abroad . 
  any advice for californians interested in relocating to czech ? 
  as an american who has lived in europe and traveled a bit there ... the main mistake that i see american travelers make is packing too many cities into a short trip . 
  i would suggest 2 cities at most . 
  that way you will get a better feel for each place . 
  it will allow you to get past the touristy parts ( please see them they are awesome ) but you will get to experience a bit more authenticity . 
  taking a day trip or two out of each city ... let 's you see more as well . 
  you also wo n't loose as much of your vacation to travel time . 
  i just read about this here in the us and i am so sorry that y' all are going through this . 
  the us news is reporting this as a terrorists attack aimed at muslims . 
  i sadly think it was only a matter of time that some type of retaliation on muslims was carried out . 
  i hope something is done to decrease the growing tension .
