  i ca n't offer any ideas , i 'm not smart enough . 
  i can only offer my deepest sympathies . 
  ignorant american here . 
  what is this holiday all about ? 
  why orange ? 
  looks so fun !, 
  what part of california ? 
  i 'm in so . 
  and line dancing as a part of pe is new to me . 
  i think that is just a state thing because line dancing is n't taught in schools in california . 
  i am very interested in moving our family to a small town as you described . 
  do you mind if i pm you with questions ? 
  i am so very interested in this . 
  my google skills failed me . 
  i ca n't find any more details . 
  does anybody have anymore information . 
  i 'm from the us and would need a visa , but besides that , i ready to go !, 
  does your small town in spain offer incentives for people to move there ? 
  i am wondering the same thing . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  i would like to think that somewhere they have it figured out and are doing abetter job of it . 
  sometimes ignorance and conservatism go hand in hand , especially here the in the us . 
  no , i was speaking to the ignorance , intolerance , small mindedness that comes with many small towns . 
  this was interesting . 
  thank you . 
  your brief explanation did n't help much . 
  edit : honestly it sounds better than the us . 
  you are right . 
  i do n't . 
  that is why i was asking you to enlighten me . 
  what is wrong with sweden ? 
  i would love to live there if i had the opportunity . 
  why do you think its a shithole ? 
  this is exactly what i was trying to gauge . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm so naive , i expected an answer like `` immunologist '' or `` obgyn '' . 
  i mean the thick accent , that some of the cajun people from the deep swamps have . 
  they mumble badly and have an accent that i ca n't get through . 
  edit : what kind of doctor are you ? 
  i 'm american in california , raised here . 
  i can understand all americans except for people from the rural south , especially deep louisiana . 
  i have trouble with scottish english . 
  even some britts have too thick of an accent or too unusual vocabulary for me to follow them well . 
  i lived in madrid for a while . 
  that is where i learned spanish . 
  my landlord was from galician and i could n't understand him , at all . 
  yes , and as an american from the west coast , it is fun and difficult to try to understand you irish . 
  i 'm american and have never heard that . 
  i ca n't understand the scottish when they speak english . 
  i 'm missing something how does $ 1,800 a year in student loans add up to $ 36,000 - $ 45,000 ? 
  anybody can get a college education in the us but will come out of it $ 50,000 in debt . 
  how does that compare to sweden ? 
  its for an american audience . 
  thanks !, 
  another part to this . 
  while many american girls are growing up they take on the notion that doing anything around the house or chores that are deemed `` hose wifeish '' are a bad thing . 
  so i had many friends who refused to learn to cook when they were young . 
  they viewed it as a negative attribute not a skill . 
  they would say things like `` i 'm not going to cook for my man he is going to cook for me ! '', 
  as if not being able to cook and not being able to do things around the house was a form or empowerment . 
  the sad thing is most american do n't care and if you try to point this out to them they get mad at you . 
  kill the messenger !, 
  most corn grown in the us is monsanto round up ready corn . 
  the government subsidizes the farmers that grow the corn to keep the prices down . 
  most of the corn is used as feed for cows and other livestock . 
  the us government spends tons of money on farm subsidies as well , dairy , wheat , corn etc. 
  exactly !, 
  here is an example of the costs difference . 
  for [ thanksgiving ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thanksgiving ) last year i purchased a turkey that was free range ( not kept in a cage and actually allowed to walk around in the sun ) and was given organic feed . 
  the price was twice as much as the regular turkeys . 
  i wanted to purchase a turkey that was free range and was allowed to forage for its own food . 
  the price was $ 11/lb . 
  and the total price of the turkey would have been very expensive . 
  there are many documentaries about horrible food production practices here in the us . 
  are there any about europe . 
  how does the costs compare ? 
  the small store vs. the large super market ? 
  we have the option to this with organic foods but its a constant battle to keep gm food sources for the animals , radiation treatments etc out of organic farming . 
  also it is quite expensive . 
  nearly 3 times the cost of regular grocery store meat . 
  our food is highly processed . 
  the cow is fed corn or soy from birth to death . 
  given antibiotics routinely because of the disgusting conditions on factory farms . 
  given growth hormones because here `` bigger is better '' . 
  look up factory farming in the us . 
  check out some of the videos . 
  also has to do with the diet of the cow . 
  you are correct in the first part about your statement in regards to our farming practices . 
  it really is horrible here . 
   swedes do n't really buy milk that holds for weeks , and many people try to buy swedish meat , since you know how it 's been produced . 
  i also imagine if one cook more ( as in eat less fast food ) one gets more interested in the basic ingridients , and i still more of us cook our own meals than in the us . 
  many people here `` cook '' but they use everything that is already prepared for them . 
  instant mashed potatoes from a box , pre-made salad from a bag , meat that is already marinated , etc. 
  edit : cooking from scratch is something of the past , what grandma used to do . 
  or for snobby foodie types . 
  sad to think that if you care about the quality and taste of your food here you are considered a snob . 
  i am making a very general statement but here in america it is almost always the price not the quality that is key . 
  i did n't realize this until i had spent time in europe . 
  i was trying this and short of googling every university in europe then searching their programs ... . i thought i could ask here and get some help . 
  it is .
