thank you !, 
  edit : it says the salary for full time is '' salary # 25-35 ,000 dependent on experience '' . 
  is that a decent wage ? 
  here in the us that would be on the low end . 
   e2a : it seems like they are called ` conveyancing clerks ' which sounds slightly dickensian . 
   http://www.simplyhired.co.uk/a/jobs/list/q-conveyancing+clerk, 
  so if i wanted to look for similar jobs in the uk , what would the job title be ? 
  so title insurance is issued by the bank ? 
  its not a separate company ? 
  so are property transfers/sales/purchases handled by lawyers ? 
  what about title insurance ? 
  honestly i do n't know . 
  i was having trouble finding info . 
  that is why i turned to reddit . 
  i was hoping i was searching with the wrong terminology and someone on here would point me in the right direction . 
  even in the us the way that property conveyances are handled differs widely from state to state . 
  good god !, 
  we would be blessed if the interest rates were that low . 
  parents are getting arrested for letting their kids do this in the us . 
  how long ago was that ? 
  yup !, 
  you have describe neural regulation of appetite . 
  there are foods that act on the opiate receptors . 
  meaning that one gets a small high from eating those foods and they also experience withdrawal in between doses . 
  it will cause a person to eat when they are not hungry . 
  they are eating to curb the withdrawal symptoms . 
  a couple of common foods that act on the opiate receptors are wheat , rye , barley and dairy . 
  an example of the protein reactivity would be gluteomorphin & prodynorphin igg found in wheat , rye and barley . 
   try going to a fitness club and name exercises others are doing , or naming every piece of equipment there it . 
  most americans ca n't do this either ... just look at them . 
  no , no , no , this ca n't be correct . 
  stop trying to copy american educational styles . 
  why ? 
  california has minimum wage for waiters and they still focus on the turnover . 
  source : husband is a waiter . 
  true . 
  some schools in the us do n't have recess anymore . 
  i think the emphasis was 50/50 on grammar and literature . 
  will there be a test on that ? 
  i had n't realized how competitive the us public education system was until i had children and started reading about education theory . 
  everything is about competition . 
  it starts in in kindergarten . 
  it is common for a teacher to have a chart with each students name on it . 
  when they do something well she put a * by their name . 
  it is supposed to be incentive for the children . 
  do well , follow the rules and get a * . 
  what ends up happening is all of the students see who has the most and least amount of stars . 
  this theme repeats itself in varying methods but is always present in our education system . 
  in the us kids can drop out at the age of 16 as well . 
  if they do n't drop out and complete high school they will graduate when they are 18 . 
  i know with little kids having daily exercise and a couple of exercise breaks from the rigors of learning help them to learn and behave better . 
  i had forgotten about that . 
  in some of my elementary grades the desks were arranged in the rows . 
  in other grades the desks we arranged in groups of 4 to make small tables . 
  it was up to each teacher how to arrange the desks . 
  can you please tell me a little more about the language instruction for the little kids ? 
  this is very interesting . 
  i will tell you about how it is done in the california . 
  each state may do things a little differently . 
  from kindergarten until 7th grade ( age 12 ) . 
  english is the only language kids are exposed to . 
  in 7th grade students get to choose electives . 
  one class a semester out of a few optional subjects like art , music , computers , shop , language ( normally spanish or french ) . 
  so if a student chooses to do so they can have a 2nd language as an elective class starting in 7th grade on all they way until graduating high school ( age 18 ) . 
  the language classes consist of basic vocabulary and verbs . 
  each semester builds on the previous semesters instruction . 
  i went to a high school in a upper middle class suburb and we had language labs were we would go in and listen to pre recorded conversations ( in the foreign language ) . 
  that is not normal for most high schools though . 
  high school students are required to take a couple of semesters of a foreign language . 
  when i graduated from high school i had completed 5 years of spanish and could n't understand a native speaker . 
  i could read some and maybe ask for directions . 
  now there are charter public schools which offer an emphasis in certain areas . 
  for example a school that focuses on technology , theater arts , or language . 
  there are a couple of language immersion charter schools in my area . 
  these start from kindergarten on . 
  half of the day is taught in one language and the other half in the 2nd language . 
  ever few weeks they switch so each subject is taught in both languages through out the year . 
  these charter schools are a new creation . 
  edit : how does the rest of the educational system in beligum compare ? 
  are they spot on with language instruction but sorely lacking in other ares ? 
  or are they good across the board ? 
  so let me see if i understand this . 
  each class is worth 6 points ? 
  a full time semester would consist of 5 classes ? 
  here in the us each major has different requirements . 
  so some degrees will require fewer total units than others . 
  your comment about language learning seems to be representative of a common problem with language learning in other western countries . 
  i wonder which countries have a better method for this ? 
  what does 45 points a year look like ? 
  here in the us a full time student takes 4 + classes ( 3 units each ) per semester ( 2 semesters a year ) . 
  the kicker is , that if a student attends university full time of 12 units a semester it will take 5 years to obtain a `` 4 year degree '' . 
  thanks for the reply , but that does n't help me understand how it works . 
  yes . 
  all the way until i was in the 7th grade did we each have individual desks . 
  starting in 7th grade our science classes would have tables with 2 students at each . 
  in high school art classes there were tables with maye 4-6 students at each one . 
  the set up remained like that through high school . 
  the key to this statement is `` experienced servers '' . 
  when a server first starts off they try to provide every customer with good service . 
  after a some time you see trends in tipping patterns and adjust your effort accordingly .
