  ok , got it . 
  thanks !, 
  that is a good way to look at it !, 
  what do you define as `` work men '' ? 
  i am from the us and my husband is a server . 
  the customary tip is % 15 on the low end . 
  that is what you would leave for regular service . 
  if the service was good you leave % 20 tip . 
  if it was excellent service of you liked the server a lot you can leave more . 
  not leaving a tip at all or a low tip is considered very very rude . 
  the server will remember you and if you return you will get shit service the next time . 
  many experienced servers here in the us do n't go out of their way to provide good service to european vacationers eating in their restaurant . 
  the server knows that they will not receive a good tip ( if at all ) so they do n't waste the effort . 
  i must say i am speaking about normal restaurants . 
  this is of course different if you are dining is a top end establishment . 
  the tipping issue is bothersome about european travelers . 
  edit : i see a lot of reminders and mention of how insufferable american tourists are . 
  i also see many reminders to americans to learn some of the local customs as to not offend the community that they are visiting . 
  this is a friendly reminder to europeans , when you travel to america tipping is customary and greatly appreciated . 
  if you do n't know how much to tip , stick with 15 % - % 20 % and you will not offend anyone . 
  you will also be remembered as the nice european travelers not the other way around . 
  of course . 
  we have all of that in mind and will use that to filter the cities until we have found the right fit for us . 
  makes sense coming from mi . 
   i 'll check it out . 
  thanks !, 
  i like the sound of this . 
  thank you . 
  i will look into it some more . 
  i did n't know that word was so charged . 
  its the best word that i could come up with to describe the atmosphere/vibe that we like in the city . 
  each city has a feeling to it . 
  new york feels different from denver , and san diego . 
  la has a very diffrent vibe compared to dc and portland . 
  i was trying to describe the vibe of the type of cities that we like . 
  i lived in madrid for a while . 
  it reminded me of dc . 
  it was fun and i enjoyed it but i would n't want to live there again . 
  to me barcelona feels bohemian . 
  i would like to visit more cities with that feel to it . 
  i do n't know how else to describe it . 
  what industry ? 
  how does one do that ? 
  yep . 
  she got paid to teach english to cute little spanish kids . 
  work visa and all . 
  pm me your e-mail address and i 'll send it to her . 
  with your backgrounds you should be able to find jobs easily . 
  very lucky !, 
  i 'm one for adventure . 
  i say move to germany !, 
  we are planning a trip to europe with our two young sons . 
  we know for sure 3 of the cities that we want to visit . 
  we ca n't decide on the 4th . 
  prague is one of the places that we are considering . 
  my friend did the same thing . 
  she applied through the government to be an english teacher in the public schools for elementary ages students . 
  she did that for 2 years before she came back to the states to finish her phd in linguistics . 
  i know the feels . 
  what are you going to school for ? 
  will you be able to get a job out there after you graduate ? 
  when i lived in madrid i found that people treated us better if we said that we were from california compared to saying that we are from the usa . 
  i lived in madrid for a while and did like it but prefered barcelona . 
  if i thought i could find any type of job out there we would relocate tomorrow . 
  that is a really interesting situation . 
  can i ask what your what industry you and your wife work in ? 
  did you have a job set up before you went or did you find something when you arrived ? 
  strange question . 
  never thought about it . 
  my husband 's family is spanish and we lived in madrid for some time . 
  you need to practice your tortilla making skills , it was overcooked and too thin . 
  edit : ... but then if you cook it properly i have helped feed a troll . 
  time to move to norway . 
  i can run a troll care center . 
  i 'm sure that would get me a visa . 
  your superior reasoning skills have changed my mind . 
  my family and i will not relocate to europe . 
  are you a parent ? 
  why are you so worked up about a stranger relocating to a safe new city ? 
  any reason or explination i provide as to why we want to relocate to europe will be wasted on you . 
  you had your mind made up that we are selfish rich people who do n't care about our children 's wellbeing before you even thought to ask why we want to relocate . 
  you had us pegged and condemned before you typed your first respone . 
  how about we have no family here but lots of friends in europe . 
  is that a good enough reason to move ? 
  we have a better support group out there . 
  how about we lived in europe before and really enjoyed the lifestyle . 
  if i am going to work my ass off and be broke i 'd rather it be in a beautiful city like paris compared to a crappy american cookie cutter suburb . 
  how about something more serious like i 'm going to finish my masters in neuroscience ? 
  we have an investor and an opportunity to open a restaurant out there . 
  my husband is a teacher and got a good job at an international school . 
  american schools are in decay and we want our children to have a better education than what they currently have acces too . 
  maybe somethign as simple as i want to live in a city where we do n't need a car and public transportation is a viable safe option . 
  this one should really be lost on you but i want my children to be multi-lingual . 
  pick any of those or keep making up your own story about my life and my motives . 
  edit : i read those articles and neither was compelling and both were very superficial . 
  the level of stress that they were saying that the kids would experience was nothing extrodinary and no reason to not make a move to a different country . 
  i have been researching the legal pathways to emigrate . 
  we have a couple of options . 
  thank you for the links . 
  yeah , i 'm not taking anything seriously that marcoselmentiroso says .
