quoting a few tweets is not fact checking nor is it proving your point . 
  they usually request asylum in their first point of entry ( which is usually not eastern countries but southern countries ) . 
  if they would request asylum in poland after arriving in italy , they would be breaking the rules ( not that i agree with the first-point-of-entry rule anyway ) . 
  a lot of times refugees move on to other countries because there is also a better informal support network there ( family , friends relatives etc ) the numbers are n't proof that they want to `` leech on our social system '' . 
  greece and bulgaria would be virtually free of refugees then . 
   i was n't trying to be an asshole , just factual . 
  no , you were just being an asshole, 
  the point here is that flying an `` arabic '' flag should n't be reason for an investigation , never mind the thought process of the guy . 
  the police should have told him that flying an arabic flag is not criminal behaviour and perfectly legal . 
  oh i must have imagined the daily mail , ukip , crazy labour mps and the sun then . 
  nos and bbc are not comparable at all . 
  even when the bbc was reporting about the royal baby they still had lots of coverage on other events . 
  coverage of foreign events is also way better than the nos . 
  too often the nos dumbs down its coverage `` i 'm reporter a. i 'm in a capital of a country where there is a war between 2 groups who do n't really like each other . 
  some people died . 
  back to the studio '', 
  it still looks incorrect though . 
  what happened to the 400.000 or so registered palestinian refugees in lebanon ? 
  i was outside the station , not inside . 
  no it 's based partly on police officers , office places , friends , neighbours , shops but also what 's being shown on tv , published in newspapers etc. 
  but fair point . 
  i do n't look dutch ( i have dutch family members though ), 
  they can if they suspect you of being a `` hangjongere '' , so just loitering . 
  which to this day i do n't understand how i could be one just by standing outside a station and having a cig . 
  or more blatantly id-ing me but not my white friend ( who in turn asked the police officer to id himself ), 
  it 's more like when they talk abt immigrants or their children and i remind them that i 'm one of them , they say stuff like `` oh but you 're different , it 's only the others '' i do n't think they realise what they 're saying . 
  i had to id myself while waiting in front of train stations , on the streets in some village i was in , usually outside yes but immigration control in schiphol airport is the worst . 
  during the passport check last year , the guy asked me if i was living abroad now . 
  when i said yes , he replied along the lines of oh good , we have too many of you here anyway . 
  i 've lived in nl , born and raised there . 
  now been living abroad for about a decade . 
  the way i look back at nl is a country that only pretends to be tolerant but actually is n't . 
  i go back on a yearly basis ( family visit ) and every time i dread the comments i will hear about my background . 
  not only from friends and neighbours ( `` oh but you 're one of the good ones , you 're civilized '' ) but also strangers ( being followed around in shops by the security guards or having to id myself for no reason in areas that are 99 % white ) but what really annoys is me is the reaction you get from some ( if not most ) when you either say that you feel discriminated against or when you call someone out on being a bigot . 
  the reaction of gordon mentioned above is very typical . 
  they just deny it and say something like `` you just do n't get it because you 're not really dutch '' they have anti-discrimination laws and everything but the attitude has not changed . 
  in fact i feel like it has only become worse in the last few years . 
  i used to work for a moroccan charity that dealt with street kids and we always advised them to never go with tourists somewhere ( especially white european males ) as those kids are vulnerable and easy to use by sex tourists . 
  your money was also wasted . 
  those kids do n't need pizza or a few hours of fun . 
  they need help , education and a future . 
  obviously you were on a holiday there , so you would n't have known all the charities that work there to give your money to . 
  dutch londoner here . 
  i miss the dutch public transport system . 
  it 's still cheaper , i mean yes a single journey on an oyster card might be cheaper than a single journey/stop in a'dam but monthly railcards etc are cheaper in nl . 
  the trains are less overcrowded as well ( overcrowded trains in nl are still emptier and cleaner than overcrowded commuter trains in london ) also amsterdam definitely has less commuter rage during rush hour . 
  you 're saying they 're banned and implicating the government in this , implying there is a block . 
  i 'm saying there is n't, 
  i think you misread what i wrote . 
  i asked them and they are not bypassing any blocks . 
  they 're at home and browsing normally and have access to the sites you mentioned . 
  maybe its not working for * you * . 
  loads of my friends are still posting crap pics on fb and twitter from turkey . 
  i asked them if anything was wrong and they claimed that the internet is as usual, 
  actually people still speak flemish/dutch in north western france . 
  i had the misfortune of living there and quite a few people were native speakers of west-flemish, 
  no its not . 
  european anti-semitism coming from white , europeans is still very much alive . 
  you only have to look at france , austria , italy and germany to find out that what you 're saying is complete nonsense, 
  white anti-semitism is more or less gone save for a few countries ? 
  which europe are you talking about ? 
  greece , france , italy , sweden , poland , hungary , russia , germany , ukraine , austria etc all have a very strong nativist anti-semitism going on . 
  either in parliament ( jobbik in hungary ) , the press ( italy ) or just attacks against jewish communities ( austria ) so white anti-semitism is definitely not more or less gone . 
  please stop making stuff up, 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the far-right and extreme right are still very much anti-semitic and in some cases actually support muslim anti-semitism . 
  fact that some walk around with israeli flags during some demos to antagonise muslims , does not make them pro-israel . 
  well i do n't know it could be the holocaust-denying swedish far-right or crazy muslim thugs . 
  but seeing the way you framed your question , i bet you just wanted to hear `` muslims '', 
  sovereign micro-states then, 
  technically they 're micro-nations and not micro-states as they 're not fully-fledged sovereign entities :p, 
  depends on how you define berber . 
  if its only berber-speaking then no its not majority berber but if you define it as anyone of berber-ethnicity then it may well be majority berber . 
  but regardless , using arabic like it is used in this report is incorrect as the majority is not arab-speaking . 
  yeah fine and all that . 
  but the other official language , the one i was referring to ( amazigh ) , is the majority language amongst moroccans in belgium . 
  half of the moroccans in belgium hails from the rif mountains in the north where arabic dialects are hardly spoken . 
  the remainder comes from the big cities on the outskirts of the rif mountains , who again have either majority non-arabic speaking population or a large minority of non-arabic speakers . 
  who speaks arabic in brussels ? 
  by far the largest north-african/middle eastern community in brussels is supposed to be the moroccan one . 
  the large majority of those do not speak arabic but languages that are indigenous to north africa . 
  is this just a case of , it sounds weird middle-easterny so lets just call it arabic ? 
  but that 's it , the passports that are issued now ( like the 1yr one ) wo n't be eligible for visa-free travel . 
  all schengen visa-waiver agreements insist that biometric passports should be icao 9303 compliant . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , this means that ordinary passports can not be issued anymore with different types of validity ( except for emergency passports ) and should preferably have a minimum of 2 years as validity on date of issue . 
  a well-funded terrorist would have found his way to europe regardless of visa-free travel , especially as most of the returnees coming back from syria are european nationals . 
  it \u00b4 s important to note that visa-free travel will only be allowed with a biometric passport . 
  the renewed biometric passport will be likely introduced with a fee thats even higher than the current one ( the turkish passport already being the most expensive one in the world at around $ 200 , average wage is $ 500 ) impression i got when in turkey was that most turkish nationals don \u00b4 t hold such a passport and can \u00b4 t afford it either, 
  except that already happens . 
  germany is one of the biggest trade partners of namibia and the biggest aid contributor in namibia . 
  so there is no need for them to `` get back there economically '' as they already are the biggest player there . 
  besides the campaigners are arguing for payments to be made to the herero directly not the namibian government . 
  germany still owes them a debt . 
  they have been asking for reparations for years now , when there were still survivors . 
  you ca n't ignore them until the last one dies and then be like `` oops we just heard you but too late to do anything now '' . 
  and you 're not just paying someone , you 're paying the children and grandchildren ( some of whom were the result of germans raping herero women and using them as sex slaves ) . 
  that 'll show those pesky golden dawn twats . 
  children marching on the street because their teachers told them to do so , have always been the greatest fear of fascist parties ... 
  headline is a bit misleading . 
  its a proposal to ban momentarily/for a few hours as and when they deem fit .
