  there is nothing wrong with mocking russian patriotism and propaganda . 
  beijing is somewhere in asia i believe . 
  old russian [ tradition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fu7igmyt-o ) , da . 
   one corner of the mouth being lower than the other . 
  she was assaulted by criminals and her face was damaged . 
  they are silly and uninspired , because artists make it for money and do n't believe in what they promote with the work . 
  do you know any precedents ? 
  russian political system is feodalism , i do n't advocate it . 
  everyone can . 
  they can do whatever they want as long as sexuality is decriminalized . 
  by somalian natives . 
  decriminalizing sexuality is one thing , but promoting special views and trying society to comply is a different story . 
  why should people believe that cultural marxists are right ? 
  because they promote something `` new '' ? 
  well there were a lot of new beliefs that were total shit in the end , like eugenics for example . 
  i was born in a country with a marxist culture , and i know exactly how it 's bad to live in such unnatural society . 
   it is n't up to a bunch of fetal alcohol syndrome sufferers to dictate how others live their lives . 
  are n't lgbt parades and lgbt activists/propagandists do the exact same thing ? 
  trying to change how other people think and what 's normal for society ? 
  they believe lgbt culture destroys traditional family . 
  statistically speaking marriage is on the decline . 
   that is mental illness and what is the exact illness ? 
  oligarkhate is not far from caliphate in terms of freedoms and safety , though . 
   we ended up paying her about 50k a month people earn twice less in half of russia . 
  someday an alcoholic returns from the work and says that his salary was reduced . 
  - dad does it mean you will drink less ? , - asked the kids . 
  - no it means you will eat less , - the dad answered . 
  such is life in soviet russia . 
  there is no point talking about olympics . 
  sochi was n't about sports , it was an epic robbery . 
   and he could have turned that ship in other direction . 
  he represents the oligarchy . 
  and the oligarchy would n't make it in a free modern society . 
  so we are number one and better than the us . 
  yes , precious . 
  slav bros, 
  estonian guy catches the magic goldfish , lifts her off the hook , and she says to him : `` let me go , and i will fulfill your every wish . '', 
  the estonian stands in silence . 
  `` let me go , and i will fulfill your every wish . '', 
  - repeats the magic fish no reaction from the guy . 
  `` if you let me go , i 'll fulfill all your wishes '' - tries the fish for the third time . 
  in response , the estonian takes her by the tail , and with all the force pounds goldfish against a tree with the words : `` stop talking with me in russian !!! '', 
   `` we also do n't take you serious ''  - a concerned citizen [ same here . 
   currency oil price dropped from $ 140 to $ 36 . 
  that 's so true . . lol i sometimes ca n't percieve russian news other than postmodern art project . 
  yep , it 's easy to turn on a propaganda machine that kazachstan is not a state , but a bunch o cities built and industrialized by russians . 
  it 's rather a trainer , than a friend . 
  stalin 's constitution was also liberal on paper . 
  this is a loser mentality . 
  things change . 
  compare modern world with a century ago . 
   amnesty is indeed an enemy of the russian state . 
  russian state ( putin 's corrupted system ) is the enemy of russian people . 
  / r/politics is extremely biased and one sided , but / r/the _ donald is just a strange place . 
  corruption and thugs in the 90s were seen as criminals and not the norm . 
  government corruption and theft in putin 's years became the norm . 
  it became more civilized and better organized . 
  subreddits/echo-chambers are like political parties , you ca n't go to a left party meeting and persuade them to turn green . 
  parties ( parts of society ) are parties . 
  but when a person wants to decide how he sees some new problem , he can spend time learning what parties have to say . 
  so i do n't see a problem here . 
  why would you go to a place like r/atheism in the first place ? 
  i do n't see a point here . 
  i 'm not sure about extreme danger of reddit . 
  a month ago i was following both r/politics and r/the _ donald , just to understand what 's going on . 
  the only real danger is when you do n't have an alternative . 
  have n't you noticed some changes like the fucking shrinkage of economy and 24/7 anti-west anti-democracy propaganda ? 
  the situation has changed , you dummy . 
  and stop bringing up the 90s like it 's giving putin 's regime an excuse to do what they are doing . 
  sure , honey . 
  corruption is only in imagination of opposition backed by evil west and do n't occur in glorious russia . 
  the only problem the money has gone . 
  [ ` no money for pensions , but have a good day ! ', 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-36482124 ), 
   it 's 100x better currently than in 1990s no it 's not . 
  and the situation is getting worse economically and politically . 
  ministry of economics has prognosed 20 years of stagnation . 
  we are in the 90s again . 
  the reason for the 90s was the collapse of the communist delusion . 
  the reason for current crisis is putin 's desire for total power . 
  russia does n't need his incompetent shitty ass on the throne and his circle of friends in the power . 
  you 're wrong . 
  and we are talking about putin 's years : 1999 and later . 
  when executive power started to act like mafia and judicial system covered it . 
  the whole state system became similar to mafia . 
  2 of my relatives in different cities closed their businesses like that . 
  except you 're a fan of dystopias . 
  i wonder , do other nations drink `` for health '' ? 
  nobody knows, 
  in the same way as chuck palahniuk is a describer of american spirit . 
   people now know that rioting and revolting will lead to bloodshed people also know that the bloodshed was backed by undercover military . 
  it 's not the free market 's fault , you know . 
  the 90s turmoils were inevitable . 
  it was a collapse of the biggest multi-national ideological totalitarian state in history . 
  the collapse went surprisingly quiet . 
  subsequent construction of capitalism on the ruins of failed communism was also relatively ok . everyone had options at every level . 
  free market gave opportunities . 
  and `` silovoki '' did n't close your small business and put you in jail just because you were a competitor and which became a norm later . 
  the worst part that was n't necessary and that could have been avoided was when putin and his oligarch circle decided to slowly shut down all freedoms one after another restoring quasi soviet totalitarian state . 
  so , yeah , 90s oligarchs had an excuse .
