  we live in a peaceful world where every country is open about their actions and intentions . 
  the `` good guys '' do n't use such tactics , only the `` bad guys '' act like that . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  the english are perfect at spying and diplomacy . 
   their tanks are pieces of jun falling appart from ww2 russian main battle tank t-90 ( 22,800 + units ) in service 1993 -- present us m1 abrams 1980 -- present german leopard 2 in service 1979 -- present french amx leclerc in service 1993 -- present, 
   which they 'll never use . 
  the box of pandora was opened at hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  the further you are from large cities (  = 1kk people ) the worse the life is . 
   or they used to do that , anyway . 
  we do it in almost every city . 
  it 's called [ maslenitsa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maslenitsa ) , or the holiday of the spring . 
  the end of winter is very relevant in russia to this day . 
  `` if i was a wife medvedev '' ftfy, 
  he 's obviously gone through hair transplantation , though . 
  not funny !, 
   `` vodka-balalaika '' type might just straight punch you in the face . 
  that sounds very sociophobic . 
  even an ignorant person does n't punch you for asking , you should n't be that scared of people . 
  as for `` hating gays '' my opinion that nobody really cares . 
  the topic is not interesting to discuss . 
  much progressive , very tolerant , so open minded , wow . 
  thanks . 
  grown up people judge by results . 
  our country steadily develops so our `` dear leader '' is doing ok . and lol at people who actually believe it 's only one man who 's in charge . 
  our political system is very underdeveloped due to the collapse , but i would n't experiment with changing something that actually works . 
  someday our politics will be normal , but it will take time . 
  as for managing , it 's ok . 
   they have no excuse to not do the same thing we did with our little army they do n't believe in what they 're doing . 
  they want the west to raise their standard of living by betraying russians , but the world does n't work like that . 
  they speak russian , look like russians and have the same religion . 
  the only difference is propaganda about how they are not russians at all . 
  but when they come to russia for work they act like they are the same people as us . 
  they also usually expect special treatment like discounts and financial aid , like we always did for them in the past , which is ridiculous . 
  we should somehow steal the rainbow from gays . . 
  ukraine has lost like 20 % of population after the collapse of ussr , while russia lost about 2 % . 
  i doubt that . 
  can you prove your statement with facts ? 
  fight fire with fire . 
   pro russian candidate would n't be able to win elections as long as they believe in the `` western dream '' and do n't pay attention to the actual state of their wealth ( extreme poverty ) . 
   that 's how we got our country free lol . 
  russian army had more than a million people when you gained your independence . 
  it was totally a gift and a political decision . 
   achieve all their goals the ukraine will still exist as an independent pro-western country the end game is to change the government to pro-russian . 
  pro eu government fails constantly gaining only poverty , misery and shame . 
  ukrainians at one point will just compare pro-russian belarus with anti-russian moldova and their own poor state and will make a conclusion what 's better for them . 
  it 's just a matter of time . 
  and when ukraine is pro-russian , we 'll convert them into russians . 
  that 's the ultimate goal . 
  half of ukraine speaks russian anyways . 
  ancient rus is a part of russian history , like it or not . 
  we do n't have the word ruthenian . 
  everything before peter the great was just rus or ancient rus , and later it became rossiya . 
  but it 's about the state , people were always russkie . 
  no matter how you call us , we are still russians , since ancient rus with the first capital in novgorod . 
  the endonym was `` russkaya zemlya '' which translates into `` the land of russians '' . 
  take notice how kievan rus was called rus and not ukraine . 
  it looks like d3 is leaking . 
  the goal was to deprive them any power . 
  a lot of ex-high ranked professionals were used in soviet institutions . 
  10m people died/were killed in civil war , though . 
  whatever your propaganda says . 
  you were lucky to get independence from britain ( with inability of brits to move their army over the ocean ) , you were also lucky to get rich in the process of two world wars . 
  but every luck ends . 
  90 % of nazi casualties were at eastern front . 
  while the glorious europe just spread its buttcheeks to hitler . 
  because press is so relevant in internet era . 
  political freedom is a relative thing . 
  it 's also a concept from an ideology which has very little to do with a personal life . 
  a person needs food , shelter and security and other things depend on personal qualities . 
  you can live in the most developed place on earth , but spend all your time to eat tons of high calorie shitty food and to lead the dumbest life possible , like a big portion of murican population does . 
  it 's all past anyways . 
  there is an ancient russian proverb - `` who brings up the past should lose an eye , who forgets the past should lose both eyes '' . 
  the difference is not dramatical . 
  also material values do n't make you better . 
  i do n't defend stalin in any way , but the difference is that commies wanted total political control , and nazis wanted to eradicate races . 
  it 's a whole different level of evil . 
   still have n't westernized decently . 
  all hail western master race . 
  it is also my birthplace . 
  and i think it 's a very small payment for nazi 's atrocities . 
  we can give you all land of russia , just relax and do n't resist . 
   the ukraine only sometimes shells civilians , the separatists do so much more regularly ukraine besieged cities of donetsk and lugansk for more than half a year . 
  civilians were inside citites . 
   one day it 's `` we 'll nuke all of you !, 
  '' , the next he wants to be buddies . 
  and that 's the proof that sensationalist bias is harmful . 
  xaxa , europe ca n't into integrity . 
  need to inform my curator . 
  i 'm saying that there was no russia in 1920 to give any garanties . 
   that 's what you said in 1920 . 
  our country was destroyed in 1918 and civil war with 10\u00a0000\u00a0000 casualties was continuing till 1923 . 
  if it makes you sleep better , we recognize finland 's borders . 
  so get a hold of yourself and stop worsen our neutral relations . 
   donbass is not majority ethnic russian ethnicly ukraine and russia are both rus . 
   ex putin troll said can you prove me it was not a cia/ukrainian troll , though ? 
  but i doubt you pondered reliability of glorious western media . 
   how western sanctions effect to your daily life ? 
  well , the food became shittier and cost more . 
  but it does n't matter as long as the country continues to develop . 
  we should have started to built self-sufficient economy long time ago .
