  yeah , like that time in iran : [ mosaddegh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mohammad_mosaddegh ) was removed from power in a coup on 19 august 1953 , organised and carried out by the cia at the request of mi6 . 
  it have taken the us 60 years to confess . 
  you must be a fool to believe the us . 
  nope . 
  strelkov ( girkin ) was just helping the locals to organize resistance . 
  like the us in afghanistan against taliban . 
  btw we do n't know the degree of the us influence on ukraine policy . 
  american military advisers and politicians are involved in ukraine conflict as well , but it does n't mean that usa is fighting in donbass . 
  it 's not about trust . 
  russia had troops in crimea for about three centuries . 
  crimeans would n't get an opportunity to exercie their right to self-determinate in other way . 
  and by the way russia had a right to have up to 20,000 troops in crimea , so it 's really not a big deal . 
  i heard about the principle of self-determination . 
  [ gallup ] ( http://www.bbg.gov/wp-content/media/2014/06/ukraine-slide-deck.pdf ) : 82.8 % of crimeans agree that referendum was fair . 
  you forgot to mention that it 's a land with a russian majority . 
  all hail to conflict resolution finnish master race . 
   no army works in a nuclear battlefield . 
  all soviet armored vehicles were designed to suit the need to break through the zone of nuclear contamination . 
  and there was ( and is ) a special unit for the decontamination of equipment . 
  [ context  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seven_days_to_the_river_rhine ) `` the plans predicted that ** nato would launch a nuclear attack on the vistula river ** valley in a first strike scenario , which would prevent soviet bloc commanders from sending reinforcements to east germany to prevent a nato invasion of that country . 
  the plan expected that as many ** as two million polish civilians would die in such a war and poland would be completely destroyed . 
  amar is kebab name !, 
  you must do something quick !, 
   russian : \u041b\u0430\u0441\u043b\u043e , there is no such name `` laslo '' in russian . 
  we 've got vladislav . 
  short is vlad ( vladik ) or slava . 
   i didnt know russia counted as a seperatist group ... pro-russian ukranians though . 
  it 's not like they do n't exist . 
  til finland is sending pictures of asses to russia . 
  it must mean something . 
  i heard reverse gaz violates contract terms . 
  i 'm surprised that nobody mentions that gazprom is limiting supply , because poland is giving reverse gas to ukraine . 
  i 'll report mister putin what to do . 
   they think they 're heading towards total world domination bullshit . 
  there is even no such theory . 
   `` because , you know , the soviet union '' . 
  which is smart . 
  and it looks like ukraine is doing just the opposite . 
  it 's one of the ways to keep belarus economy afloat . 
   finish invading . 
  russia is frigging huge . 
  it 's also worth to mention that winter can come unexpectedly . 
  there can be snow or very cold even on june , or no snow on december . 
  that 's why russians do n't trust plans and more rely on improvisation . 
  the end goal is the whole ukraine . 
  one of the separatists leaders ( hodokovsky ) told that he 's pro-united ukraine ( which caused negative to his address ) , but he added that he is fighting for united ukraine to be pro-russian . 
  after that statement the main leaders with russian citizenship went out of ukraine . 
   finland , if you look at the propaganda front . 
  i 've never heard anything bad about finland in russian media . 
  the real pretendents to be physically annexed are ukraine , belarus and the north kazachstan . 
  your opinion = crap . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://novostim.ru/uploads/posts/2014-08/thumbs/obschestvo-parmezanu-obzor-novosibirskih-blogov-ot-evgeniya-vovneya_1.jpeg ), 
  it can easily be a soviet thing . 
  but also a relevant proverb during the rule of ivan iv . 
  btw how you american relate to this proverb ? 
  no wonder the shelves are half-empty in a shop owned by french company . 
  i think the proverb is mostly about recognition . 
  you ca n't ignore something that can influence you or cause a negative impact . 
  so you has to respect for example mike tyson even if you do n't like him as a person . 
  but respect of admiration has a higher value in russian culture . 
  yeah , lets fund russian communists to overthrown the government because last time it ended up so well to europe ( and russians ) . 
  communist party is pocket opposition and their main electorate is the elderly , mostly old ladies ( russian men do n't live that long ) . 
  fear equals respect - russian proverb . 
  the amount of bullshit in this sub is too damn high . 
  i live in saint-pete and have n't noticed any difference at all . 
  i guess the mart in the article was heavily dependant on import , while the biggest shopping corporations distribute internal production . 
  several years ago the government started to push laws to establish food security and independence . 
  and since then the average quality of russian products raised drastically . 
  from green-blue soviet 80 's -90 's chicken to products indistinguishable from the import . 
  everything in my freezer is domestic . 
  except lithuanian sauseges and some tropic fruits . 
  and a massive troll . 
  i 'm adored by your self-righteousness . 
  sincerely . 
  it 's like that time when georgia started full scale military operation versus ossetia . 
  it 's sad , but i do n't see an opportunity to continue a dialog . 
  maybe that 's how big wars are started . 
  and you 're too scared to be reasonable . 
  typical baltic butthurter . 
  `` mah soviet oppression '', 
  do you know that eastern ukraine is populated by russian speakers that are indistinguishable from russians in rf ? 
  russia gave them some military and political help , because they asked for it , but it has nothing to do with issues that caused the conflict ( the coup , status of language , federalization , the future of donbass region that has strong production ties with rf , taxation and etc. ), 
   oh , why i even bother . 
  you are just another vatnik . 
  it 's impossible to talk to you using reason . 
  good old dehumanizing of an opponent . 
  ukranians tried this tactic towards their `` vatniks '' and it did n't end up too well for them . 
  you know , things like a cia director and vice president of the us in kiev talk for themselves . 
  here is a [ map ] ( http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/semenoff/5367672/25625/25625_1000.jpg ) of administrative buildings occupied by maidan protesters . 
  so these violent protesters that have been killing the police and illegally seized power are the good guys in your eyes , and eastern ukranians that started to resist are the bad ? 
  and how is that ? 
  i hope you 've got more intellectual arguments than the usual - `` hurr durr evil putler zombifier !!, 
  because the us have never overthrown any government before . 
  yeah , right . 
   and now everyday more and more people are actively calling for it . 
  and why ? 
  just because they overthrew their corrupted government . 
  it 's not the case . 
  people justify invasion , because ukraine started to bomb it 's own land with citizens that stormed administrative buildings in defence from the coup . 
  these people were proclaimed terrorists and the army was sent to kill them , instead of a simple dialog .
