marx is without a doubt the worst thing to ever happen to this continent . 
  just a pure , unredeemable evil . 
  poor hungary !, 
   germany doesnt need the nato . 
  i 've always thought that we could expand westward a bit . 
  how about that , polebros ? 
  the most useful bot of the year, 
  am i wrong to think that macron as a newbie centrist without a party may have the softest support ? 
  now you have shattereed his worldview . 
  he tried so hard to not be racist . 
  if you trust the corporate press in this day and age them i do n't really know what to think about you . 
  delete this, 
   implying that 's the only other option and you just lost the argument, 
   since we all love star wars , why not star wars day ? 
  ( i am sure that building up an altar for the vapid liberal consumerism is really going to unite the european people . 
  i did n't know czech neocons existed . 
  when you are picking up the gun , pepa ? 
  damn , you backed out like a little bitch, 
  eyewitnesses are pointless in cases like this . 
  pentagon claims that it saw planes on a radar , but that 's hardly surprising considering that syria admitted bombing the place . 
  nobody actually saw any gas being deployed . 
  if you think that only `` isis '' has grievances with the west and that only its supporters have come to europe than i do n't really know what to think about your naivety . 
  because people should n't react to important events with politics lem me guess - americans should 've waited for a weeks to declare war on japan after pearl harbor out of `` respect for victims '' ? 
  this is clearly a response to the last night 's warmongering, 
  i hope that trump and his neocon buddies are happy, 
  if the migrants are so great why would the germans want to send them away ? 
  there is no proof of it being delivered by an airplane . 
  because the last time france tried to intervene somewhere it worked out so well . 
   top businesswoman  does n't employ women exclusively to cut down the wages by 9 % some shit-tier businesspeople in northern ireland, 
  the chief soros shill / u/vernazza doing work itt . 
  macron 's support is soft and uncommited . 
  i wo n't be too surprised if fillon/melenchon squeeze by him into the 2nd round with le pen . 
  the pension system has killed us it still requires kids to function but by putting in a useless middle man it takes away the direct motivation to have them, 
  anybody who has read about the first 7 chapters of every eco 101 textbook has to know that wage gap ca n't exist in the reality of a competitive market . 
   you 're getting your own marshall plan , every year . 
  good . 
  germany is still far away for paying up for all the damage it has caused in the eastern europe though . 
  so , better get back to work , jurgen , because your money is ours . 
   few thousand people let 's not forget that those binding quotas are supposed the remain in place for eternity , even as the migration flows grow exponentially due to the climate change and eu 's constant encouragement of migration . 
  god , schulz is just so unintelligent . 
  reading this makes me feel dumb . 
  an unintelligent german demagogue ... when have we seen that before ? 
  calling someone racist is like calling someone darwinian or newtonian - there is not much of a point to it as there is no ideology to a basic description of reality . 
  psychology itself in its current form is a bullshit concept . 
  a bunch of wankers creating make-believe `` science '' . 
  good . 
  now prosecute them . 
  the trick is in not caring about being called racist . 
  the word has become powerless . 
  well , one group adheres to a totalitarian , supremacist , genocidal , misogynist ideology . 
  the other group is nazis . 
  i guess some folks are just to far gone ideologically to see it . 
  or devolve, 
   some where homosexuality and marriage can be intertwined . 
  name one, 
  i messed up . 
  there are `` christian atheists '' though and he sounds like one . 
  there is nothing wrong with discriminating against totalitarian ideologies . 
  also lmao at a turk talking about social retardation . 
  look up christian agnostics, 
  replace muslim with nazi in your sentence and read it again . 
  and then again and again until your brain recognizes the fallaciousness of its thinking . 
  why should we bring any at all ? 
  immigration is umdesirable in all situations and all forms . 
  0 deaths would mean that no crossings are occuring since you would get some deaths even if you flew them all first class from tripoli to rome . 
  i doubt organizations whose profits depend on constant stream of people would be happy with the flow stopping . 
  msf is n't there to save lifes but to create profit . 
  if your answer to anything is migration then it 's a wrong answer . 
  well , you have turned oslo into a little mogadishu so it 's not surprising, 
  culture is downstream from race, 
  liberals in europe may be on the right side but they have certainly been on the open borders side of the debate because of cheap labor and ` muh gdp ' . 
  this sub has tens of banned outlets . 
  different groups have different interests . 
  those inevitably oppose one another . 
  so naturally identity politics will only flourish as long as we continue to `` diversify '' . 
  because white people stand on the top of the oppression pyramid , oppressing the poor colored folks who would 've gone to mars and beyond in their space pyramids already if the whitey did n't crawl out of his caves . 
  that 's pretty much leftism in nutshell eversince it abandoned economical class . 
  if the asylum laws ca n't deal with a basic asylum seeker situation ( a situation that is merely a precursor of what 's to come in this century ) then we should probably consider changing them from the ground up instead of selectively breaking them . 
  why do people act like dublin convention is some sort of departure from the regular asylum norms ? 
  if you do n't ask for an asylum in the first country you enter after leaving yours you are n't registered as an asylum seeker and should be therefore treated as an illegal alien . 
  dublin is the exact same thing . 
  breaking it means breaking the accepted international law and if we get to that we might as well break the rest of it and deny entry to everyone . 
  can we just ban guardian already . 
  this kind of anti-european garbage is the norm there . 
  i need some addon that adds / s automatically behind my posts, 
  just being in the presence of mogherini is likely embarassing as interacting with her would kill your braincells . 
  also , by killing them they would win, 
   do people really want their state to have a death penalty ? 
  who is talking about judicial decisions ? 
  we designate them as active security threats and deal with those threats accordingly . 
   hey ca n't plot organise and do propagandde from behind a tiny tiny cell . 
  prisons in the uk and france are some of the most potent recruiting grounds for jihadists . 
   what you just so nonchalantly called a piece of paper are fundamental rules that we have all agreed to for some reason . 
  and before that we have agreed to a different set of fundamental rules . 
  guess what , just like the bible your cute legislations are n't eternal . 
   so you literally support discrimination . 
  at a certain threshold of the rate of occurence not acting upon generalizations makes you an idiot . 
  this garbage originated in the us though . 
  while we have this idea that us is this conservative , theocratic country , it is also the source of most of the modern decadence . 
  why do lgb bother themselves with trans anyway ?
