well , i 'm angry i took a moderate position , and on one side i 'm some stereotypical aristocrat and on the other hand i 'm a populist ? 
  screw you !, 
  you 're both extremists , you 're what 's wrong with the current political dialogue . 
  heretic : any person with half a brain can see that it 's easier to kill people with a gun and both sides have used enough manipulated statistics to support their point that any truth is politicized . 
  theo : of course it 's a disaster . 
  i 'm acknowledging that i can understand the concerns , but i do n't feel the need to belittle their fears . 
  go on , try to mock the constituency , see how that goes . 
  you 're not doing this to reassure it 's to sate whatever sick need to feel superior you have . 
  keep me out of whatever issues you both have . 
  i 'm copying this to both of you , because if we 're doing some calling out than i want to do it to the two extremes . 
  well , i 'm angry i took a moderate position , and on one side i 'm some stereotypical aristocrat and on the other hand i 'm a populist ? 
  screw you !, 
  you 're both extremists , you 're what 's wrong with the current political dialogue . 
  heretic : any person with half a brain can see that it 's easier to kill people with a gun and both sides have used enough manipulated statistics to support their point that any truth is politicized . 
  theo : of course it 's a disaster . 
  i 'm acknowledging that i can understand the concerns , but i do n't feel the need to belittle their fears . 
  go on , try to mock the constituency , see how that goes . 
  you 're not doing this to reassure it 's to sate whatever sick need to feel superior you have . 
  keep me out of whatever issues you both have . 
  i 'm against the arming of citizens , but i ca n't really blame them with the current fear of terrorists . 
  i just hope it does n't come to that . 
  good news , and it 's interesting although i wonder how much of the change is due to improvements in classification , or detection technology . 
  the growth of the forests in general seems to have happened rather quickly . 
  a good part of africa really . 
  although , i sort of wonder why in the uk , since you 're either visiting spain or you 're trying to copy the us . 
  do n't you have multiple language classes , or is it just one ? 
  technically speaking the best language to speak would be mandarin . 
  edit : you 're done ? 
  that 's sad , the exchanges and back and forth was fun . 
  yup , is n't bilingualism wonderful ? 
  i ca n't really do otherwise on an american site . 
  oh , my mistake . 
  the english team was it ? 
  not like any of them made it . 
  a good part of the western world and then some . 
  england got conquered by france , remember ? 
  that 's pretty much why your language has a lot of french words . 
  ah , you 're uncomfortable when it starts being about history , i take it ? 
  seeing as you have to keep going back to sports . 
  might as well then . 
  we beat germany anyway so that enough for me , though from what i remember from the last euro cup , at least we did n't wash out because of iceland . 
  did n't that make the british team , the most expensive one in the cup with also the worst results ? 
  i thought it was more of the iraq war , where you were easily manipulated into traipsing into iraq . 
  while i remember the french were the only ones who saw through that bullshit . 
  how did that work out anyway ? 
  course i ca n't really take wwii away from , that was really the last time the uk was really relevant . 
  yes , especially so . 
  however , using an american born stereotype ? 
  pathetic from a brit . 
  if you even are one . 
  mainly because everyone realized you lot were too cowardly to actually invoke article 50 , which brings us to the original point . 
  hey , at least now we wo n't have the puppet of the us vetoin ' g every eu measure . 
  who cares about the olympics . 
  i was talking about the economy . 
  although if the games are the only way for you guys to feel better , be my guest . 
  5th economically in the world , but what 's wrong ? 
  i heard the uk is 6th now , although i could n't expect them to know viewing their abysmal education . 
  that 's not a proper sentence , and is irrelevant . 
  the `` other two '' are not particularly popular among the young , at least from where i 'm from , so while the opinion poll on merkel is understandable , i 'm curious about the demographics of those picked . 
  you think so ? 
  you do n't think the eu has some capacity to implement some measures if the uk refuses to activate the article until 2019 , when they 've said that the uk must activate article 50 24 hours after the referendum , without groveling for them to come back ? 
  i 'll call your bluff , you lot are n't as special as you think you are . 
  how damned arrogant do you brits have to be that you think we wo n't dislike you for harming the rest of the eu due to this stupid ploy ? 
  you want to play political games , you hate the eu , that 's fine but do n't leech off it while doing so . 
  all the while hurting the economy of both parties due to uncertainty . 
  either leave or do n't , because otherwise i 'll be more for the eu to kick them out . 
  this half-antagonistic situation between the uk and the eu can not continue . 
  either leave or stop the rhetoric and work with the other nations . 
  i feel sorry for the unemployed germans if their countryman hate them that much ... 
  i mean he 's weak , but i would say he 's personally better for that . 
  better be weak than a monster i say . 
  take merkel , who 's austerity measures have hurt a lot of people , and i 'm not going to even mention trump and may . 
  i wonder where they got their sample from . 
  okay , that explains things . 
  thank you . 
  theresa may is another politician which i never thought i would see in power . 
  that 's a more charitable view of it , although it could instead say that there 's been a change in leadership . 
  how is boris still in politics anyway ? 
  i thought he was shamed for his cowardice when he refused to take the position as pm ? 
  you 're british , so i 'll defer to your experience , but as a foreigner , i 'll like to point out that most people will not see consolation in that and ukip is still not a well liked entity , since they 're also the ones who championed the brexit . 
  heh , seeing the rate of anti-every single foreigner crimes in the uk post-brexit , i do n't think the two are mutually exclusive . 
  quite the opposite in fact . 
  sorry , i do n't think i 'm expressing myself well or there 's some error of communication . 
  nothing about revenge . 
  i 'm talking about the uk . 
  turkey was just an example of a country getting closer to russia . 
  blackmail is more the style of the uk to get concession of the eu , in the case of turkey it 's more that they 're balancing and changing their relationships between their neighbors . 
  so actually , i should rephrase that , sorry . 
  the uk is trying to copy turkey in the hope of getting leverage over the eu . 
  one , this was almost a week ago and here 's the data . 
  http://www.statista.com/statistics/270409/national-debt-of-greece/ original debt was 374 billion dollars , and you did n't even have to pay for all that . 
  it 's a 174 % of their gdp , whereas italy is a 132 % and the uk is at 90 % . 
  ( source eurostat ) . 
  in comparison greece lost a good percentage of their gdp in the past five years in it 's climate of austerity , not counting the loss of normal gdp growth between these years , including that you have the loss of the gpd of most other nations in the eu from the weakness of the euro . 
  i 'll do more research for the math of the money lost due to this , but one reason why the eu did n't recover from the recession as well as the us was due to this austerity . 
  however seeing as the debt was less than one percent for the major economies at the time ( world bank , look at the chart ) , and the austerity crisis has made sure that even growth has n't really gone back to pre-2010 levels . 
  i can confidently say it was more expensive to let greece suffer than just buy back the debt and get the situation over with . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.cd do you have anything to back your side up ? 
  two , you 've just been regurgitating that 's your opinion , which is worse than anything else . 
  why even bother posting if you 're not going to add anything ?
