  it is right from the typical russian play book . 
  self loathing is a bad thing . 
  complete lack of self awareness is as well . 
  why should europe allow immigration from people with no skills and ca n't speak language ? 
  you are n't a refugee if you skip past countries because you want to be in rich eu instead . 
  i have no patience for conspiracy nutters . 
  phd in conspiratorial physics . 
  do n't you have sandy hook parents to harass ? 
  america is annoyed that europe expects america to do all the work . 
  eu can have their own opinions when they chip in with 2 % . 
  usa has the whole world to worry about . 
  meanwhile european countries are trying to outdo each other on how best to skimp on their military to freeload off their allies . 
  there is a reason usa holds uk in higher regard than rest of europe . 
  usa is n't asking for countries to match us military force . 
  usa voluntarily spends more . 
  it is bullshit that germany spend so little and only ends up cutting more . 
  flat out freeloading . 
  yeah so reasonable the countries in nato actively piss all over that idea today . 
  usa is older than many countries in europe . 
  amazing how much easier it is for a country to function when it is n't being invaded by `` rebels '' . 
  i also think you are wrong . 
  are you trying to say an indian living in london could never consider himself british ? 
  i slam spain all the time . 
  it is a national past time for portuguese . 
  spain is a cluster fuck of a nation with their independence movements . 
  why would a country lose territory to a neighbor that is more poor ? 
  we ca n't keep mexicans out . 
  edit : so just ignore the ethnic cleansing and the fact that the area is traditionally moldova and populated by moldovans and ukrainians ? 
  who cares if it was under multiple empires ? 
  that means it belongs to russia as a new empire ? 
  russia does n't get rewarded for russification by making all their neighbors potential new russia as they please . 
  that area belongs to moldova . 
  georgia had multiple wars and georgians were ethnically cleansed from area . 
  same as moldova . 
  ussr moved russians into areas and shipped others out and now they want to claim they get to keep chunks of other countries . 
  does n't work that way . 
  chechnya also has multiple wars . 
  none of that would have been a problem if they allowed them their own country in the first place . 
  they are only concerned with self determination when it means more land for russia . 
  russia has no one to blame but themselves for thinking ukraine is their personal vassal until the end of time . 
  they should have built industry in their own country instead of making invasions and threats their main export after fuel . 
  but you are comparing communism to a blatant oligarchy . 
  you are describing what sounds like russia in the 1990s . 
  western europe was always more prosperous than russia at every single point in history . 
  why would n't their government be better for the people ? 
  you are comparing bad with worse . 
  there have been no communist governments that have been successful in all of history . 
  they had plenty of chances to prove themselves . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  everyone knows russia invaded and breaks up countries if they refuse to be a good puppet to moscow . 
  there s literally no surprise with any of russia 's actions . 
  you forgot the evil jews !, 
  i like / r/russia actually . 
  they have propaganda but they are n't fucking insane like / u/yellowcakewalk . 
  sorry , i will try again . 
  do n't you think the balkan region suffered immediately after the breakup of communism due to nationalism and that caused instability in the region ? 
  that instability causes poverty , not the lack of communism . 
  of course a smaller set of countries is less relevant than one large country as well . 
  do you think my assessment is fair from outside observer ? 
  i was giving you the benefit of the doubt that you were being obtuse on purpose . 
  25 years !, 
  at what point is ukraine allowed to be a country ? 
  instead they keep ukraine in a permanent state of poverty and forever meddling in their internal politics . 
  you think maybe they could have built some factories instead of leveling grozny to the ground or invading georgia occupying moldova for over twenty years ? 
  yes just like cease fires only done by ukraine was such good news . 
  russia is being quite gracious by allowing ukraine to still keep a country . 
  i wonder how canada manages to survive without being one ethnic group ? 
  it probably helps that america is n't using fake rebels to fan flames and invade to split it in half . 
  i wonder if russia understanding how borders work would have a positive effect on russia 's relationship with the rest of the world ? 
  no one buys your shilling . 
  i stopped reading your drivel at first paragraph . 
  it literally states they have no proof on anything they wrote . 
  you think russia attacks from open fields away from cities ? 
  of course there is collateral damage . 
  well of course countries are n't going to trade with countries if there is nothing to offer . 
  russia can spend a fortune on military and invading countries but they ca n't find a spot in the latest country in the world to plant a factory to build their military ? 
  so ukraine needs to be a permanent slave to russia ? 
  all of that shit is russia 's problem , not ukraine . 
  ukraine can still sell military equipment to russia . 
  lord knows russia has no problem trading with the rest of the eu . 
  russia acts like giant hypocrites towards eastern europe . 
  any of them look at eu and eu is the devil . 
  meanwhile russia is closer to eu than any other country in eastern europe outside of the eu . 
  they just want impoverished slaves to act as buffers . 
  they have no interest in improving those countries . 
  they tried bribing ukraine ? 
  well not good enough i guess . 
  they need to make am offer they ca n't refuse so turning towards eu would seem idiotic in comparison . 
  threatening nukes and invasions and trying to censor a country from outside world while pumping out full of propaganda is n't going to work forever . 
  it is n't 1950 . 
  more of the typical salami tactics . 
  russia will want military there and the section of country will be a dysfunctional nightmare that keeps russia with a buffer they can exploit and ukraine left fractured and weak versus a prosperous developing country like other eastern european eu countries . 
  yes the `` rebels '' are quite the victims here being persecuted by eu . 
  quite the bogeyman . 
  of course . 
  russia never tries breaking countries apart when they do n't act like good little vassals . 
  yeah russia has never done that before . 
  seek war reparations from who ? 
  ukraine did n't voluntarily get invaded . 
  since when do countries not have the ability to self improve through trade ?
