  russia does n't depend on the west ?!, 
  their entire economy would collapse without it . 
  second most important country in the world ? 
  california has the same economy !, 
  one state !, 
  you do n't become important from invasions . 
  tell me again how usa invaded libya . 
  that was led by eu nations and they asked for help from usa . 
  usa being a good ally obliged . 
  iraq invaded neighbors and broke peace treaties that kept saddam in power . 
  afghanistan harbored terrorists and ran camps in their territory or in the open . 
  the baltics have better living standards than russia and so doors poland . 
  russia goes from world power to claiming dives because it is the biggest country in the world and manages to have a better economy than a couple non integrated eastern european countries that russia actively interferes in . 
  wow , what an amazing metric to be proud of . 
  by the way , the people of greece and spain even at their worst have better lives than russia at their best times . 
  russia has massive issues of suicide and drug abuse and alcoholism and men barely survive to the age of sixty . 
  russia had to vendor all their news to fool people into thinking they are still a power . 
  countries all over the world have better living standards . 
  no one gives a shit about russia other than them invading neighbors . 
  yes europe is a thing and ukraine is the biggest country inside of it . 
  you are full of shit and that entire post was diarrhea and fantasy . 
  by the way , london , the city , by itself has more influence than the entire country of russia combined . 
  too late . 
  usa , worst country in the world . 
  they ca n't be superior beings like us swedish . 
  circle jerking intensifies . 
  sweden purposely avoided euro by abusing a rule of membership when they joined . 
  joining eventually does n't mean never . 
  people think this ? 
  how is that euro coming along in sweden since we are talking about ignoring the eu ? 
  usa is n't the topic of the convo . 
  plenty of people just sitting here automatically down voting every american flag they see . 
  seems reasonable . 
  i also did n't realize i was the president of the united states and set national policy . 
  it is just whataboutism . 
  as if that does n't happen already with member countries now . 
  i am very much used to people making a sport of down voting me because of my flair here even while saying the obvious truth . 
  fair enough on that point . 
  usa is n't the one that invaded europe . 
  you are delusional in thumping that being allies with russia is a good thing . 
  why in the world do you think an irrelevant country like russia is a key to eu having influence anywhere ? 
  you make excuses for russia constantly . 
  you are also wrong . 
  there are n't countries flocking to russia for an ally . 
  there is poetry much just cuba and venezuela and maybe ecuador . 
  all of those countries are in horrible shape . 
  what is funny is you think russia is some kind of super power with a god given right to dick over neighbors . 
  they are a has been country due to their failed government . 
  if they acted like eu they would be much more prosperous and influential on the world stage . 
  they ca n't though because all russia knows how to do is threaten their neighbors . 
  i know about papal state . 
  i just do n't see the relevance considering vatican is their own country already . 
  yes , because gibraltar is truly a scourge on humanity . 
  spain just complains to distract their population . 
  where is canada and mexico bitching about usa being dicks ? 
  just curious . 
  no argument on china being assholes though . 
  they just are n't being noticed because russia has world 's # 1 asshole on lockdown . 
  even the kim dynasty must be feeling jealous at this point . 
  you claiming `` that 's the way it is '' is the exact reason almost all of europe wants to join nato . 
  then russia acts shocked and has no idea what is going on . 
  quite the self fulfilling prophecy on their end . 
  all usa has to do is exist and countries flock to it by default because of russia 's behavior . 
  meanwhile russia just becomes more and more isolated and they ca n't figure out what is happening . 
  i am trying to say that persians are very rare in europe . 
  most are arab sunnis . 
  being rich also makes your life easier regardless of your `` group '' so you ca n't really speak for the ones that emigrate en masse that are poor and unskilled and hoping for a better life using the eu social net found in countries like sweden . 
  i am simply saying he is a minority of his minority . 
  his experience is atypical on account of that . 
  his assertions of germany being the best country for immigrants with his sample size of one country is also hysterical and ridiculous . 
  holy shit . 
  you realize these ships are tracked with gps right ? 
  sorry , but no one is buying the whole `` everyone '' lies to give russia moral equivalency . 
  russia has been lying about everything . 
  they are always the common denominator in the lying asshole equation . 
  you can continue to swap out the other countries in the relationship with russia and they are always the dickheads . 
  screaming out fascist liars for anyone that tries to call out russia is n't fooling the public on russia 's part . 
  sure does n't stop them from trying though . 
  yes , i get that . 
  i am culturally catholic even though i 'm an atheist . 
  my point though is that there is n't a way to `` spot '' a religion . 
  this is n't like picking a black guy out of a group of white people . 
  anyone can be muslim . 
  he also was raised in a rich family that is iranian . 
  you could n't be more atypical of a `` muslim '' in europe if you tried short of being a white bi muslim or something . 
  he clearly is n't of the typical demographic that he decided to give a perspective on . 
  i think it sounds like a good idea . 
  granted it does n't affect me . 
  i know usa does n't do it though . 
  you only get votes if you join forever and get a star . 
  you do n't count if you remain in purgatory . 
  uk should hold a vote every year in falklands just to remind argentina that they are out of their minds . 
  no worries . 
  i was n't trying to wow anyone with my genius or anything like that . 
  i 'm just here to get downvoted for my flair and keep in touch with opinions and news on what 's going on back `` home '' without dealing with massive armies of internet trolls . 
  i just did n't know how to describe the government/election process in a simple one/two word description . 
  i know it is n't a direct democracy . 
  i just do n't know how to describe it . 
  i was n't trying to use the word like somehow it is like an i win button in an argument i did n't even know i was having in the first place . 
  i do n't think there has ever been a direct democracy though since maybe ancient times in greece .
