  it was a stupid war that should n't have happened . 
  a war in europe would have 100 % support from usa . 
  you forget that usa has a huge contingent of europeans . 
  the white people in usa did n't materialize from thin air . 
  usa flat out does n't trust russia and recent actions serve as a reminder for why that remains the case . 
  that in itself should be considered a war crime . 
  america would have forces there within hours . 
  there would n't need to be any acts of war or anything like that . 
  it is simple . 
  an attack on nato is an attack on america . 
  no american president would ever be able to let a blatant attack on an allied country pass . 
  just a little while ago obama spoke out about how any island that is claimed by japan being attacked is an attack on japan and will be defended with the full force of the usa . 
  every last ally falls under the full protection of the usa . 
  the only thing that ca n't be guaranteed is stopping the initial wave . 
  i mean , you ca n't have americans on every piece of land on the planet all at once . 
  it is n't feasible . 
  the native country has to provide for their own defense as well . 
  it would be absurd for a country to completely depend on another country for their own borders to be protected . 
  the uk has a very formidable military force for instance even though usa would always protect them with their own military for example . 
  i do n't think that is an unreasonable position . 
  you are also making negative assumptions that have no basis in reality . 
  america has never skipped out on an ally . 
  ever . 
  the only time you might have a case is vietnam but usa flat out lost that war and it is pretty hard to win a war against the country 's own citizens . 
  that seems fair on iraq . 
  thanks for answer . 
  i thought iraq was very bad planning so i would n't blame eastern europe not caring . 
  in the end is what matters , no ? 
  every country should be the first to defend their own homeland , right ? 
  usa is also handcuffed by nato diplomacy with russia in 1990s to not keep forces in the east in any significant number . 
  the response would be immediate . 
  there is an entire back up army kept in norway along with forces in germany . 
  i agree with you on latin america . 
  that whole region was just fucked up by usa actions and it is embarrassing . 
  eastern europe was left behind iron curtain because it would have meant an immediate continuation of world war . 
  i do n't think that can be blamed on anyone from usa or western europe . 
  soviets already had their armies there . 
  no chance they would have left peacefully . 
  they did n't even want to give access to berlin at certain points . 
  why do you say eastern europe was dragged into iraq ? 
  of course usa comes to the aid of countries because it benefits usa as well . 
  they still come to their aid though in the end . 
  so anything positive towards europe done by usa does n't count because ... reasons . 
  meanwhile you see with your own eyes western europe trying to sell out eastern europe during all of this and ignoring baltic and polish concerns at every opportunity . 
  the east gets called worthless and warmongering and trying to pull western europe into things that have nothing to do with them . 
  russia ca n't invade france , so who cares ? 
  usa sends forces there at the cost of usa when asked to reassure baltic countries when asked and does it on a consistent basis . 
  you are criticizing usa for reasons that involve mind reading . 
  meanwhile , i reference actual actions . 
  `` regional stability '' for germany means giving in to russia at every opportunity until it looks absolutely absurd and has to be forced into finally doing something in response . 
  yes and ukraine got slapped why ? 
  because it wanted to make foreign policy deals with eu . 
  but , yes , it has nothing to do with eu . 
  i wonder why all the russian frozen conflicts for some reason are in countries that try to lean towards the eu and nato . 
  i guess it must be a crazy coincidence . 
  when has usa ever ignored europe though ? 
  usa has been pushing for western europe to be more aggressive towards russia because usa feels europe should be leading from the front in their own backyard . 
  countries like germany are the ones that have been looking for excuses left and right , not the usa . 
  there are plenty of germans and their politicians who would sell out eastern europe in a heartbeat . 
  i do n't see how not being in nato is helpful in that matter . 
  any country on the border of russia would be screwed no matter what in an outright invasion , but at least as part of nato they would be immediately liberated with forces and defended . 
  the size and force disparity is just too great . 
  usa has also never broken an alliance for several hundred years . 
  those comments are amazing . 
  usa would n't abandon eastern europe allies . 
  they always come when asked . 
  russia must hate their people if they are going to force them into driving russian cars . 
  first mistake was asking merkel . 
  i understand where you are coming from with that complaint , but what is the alternative ? 
  if you do n't give them aid , they starve because they ca n't grow food effectively themselves . 
  no , i understood that perfectly . 
  i also was pointing out the hypocrisy of the usa shot . 
  city is just a really weird set up as far as governments go . 
  all i did was point out the hypocrisy . 
  i am not losing any sleep over it . 
  well , thanks , i did n't realize porto edged it out . 
  i did n't realize porto was that big in the first place . 
  that is a very close call . 
  corporate interests obviously have a lot of sway . 
  singling out usa in a / r/europe thread , though ? 
  color me shocked . 
  i find it hard to believe that porto is bigger than valencia or seville . 
  porto is a small city even if you factor in both sides of the river . 
  yes , corporations literally run america and europe exists on a separate island called utopia . 
  ah , right , because unless putin is holding press conferences in the middle of kiev , russia clearly is n't supporting rebels . 
  yes , because i am sure if i walked through munich i would confuse it for istanbul with all this pluralism everywhere . 
  god , it is sooo homogeneous , it is crazy . 
  plus you have fucking absurd liberal values being forced on to the backs of europeans like freedom of speech and press and not being allowed to kill gays on sight and that shit is oppressive as fuck . 
  because blaming america for everything is so much more fun . 
  even when you have countries literally invading other countries it is always america at fault . 
  pathetic jealousy and victim complex in action . 
  when i mention stalin i mean his policies . 
  who do you think was running the ussr after the war ? 
  also , no , i would never consider russia anywhere close to the insanity that was done by the nazis . 
  i do still consider the ussr as an evil government especially for non russian people . 
  i do n't consider russian people evil though . 
  i just want to be clear . 
  the russians i have met in usa are pretty cool people but a pain in the ass to do business with . 
  i do n't have these ideas that there are hundreds of millions of people on the planet that are all evil just for being russian . 
  i just have serious issues with your government .
