  i have never heard that perspective before until i watched the interview . 
  the one point that confused me was when he said losing gas from russia would be manageable due to it being a small percentage of their total energy needs . 
  i am mostly curious to know what options finland has to protect itself from the constant economic threats used by russia . 
  the current atmosphere is disgusting . 
  it has common russians beating their chest with how strong and important they are again which is the most disconcerting part of everything happening . 
  when you have the educated and internet savvy that speak english talking like barbarians that cheer and beg for nuclear war and empire i can only imagine the uneducated that only have access to russian media and speak just russian . 
  it is becoming harder and harder for me to separate putin from russians . 
  you are a disgusting troll . 
  haha , nuclear war is hilarious . 
  yes i was n't sure what you were trying to get at , so i made sure to ask since you were n't clear . 
  yes , i do agree things change over time . 
  that has always been the case . 
  i just do n't see anything changing any time soon . 
  you say eu is a bigger economy , but that is n't a fair comparison since eu is a bunch of different countries and they is a lot of in fighting inside of it wtih a serious lack of any central power . 
  i also personally consider russia to be european , but it seems like russians and russian government are always trying to pit themselves against the west as if they are something altogether different . 
  i think that is bullshit , but i ca n't change how people identify themselves . 
  i mean , i realize russia is in asia as well , but the people have always been centered in europe . 
  i think russia has played an integral part of european history over the centuries . 
  i never understood this desire to separate itself . 
  but anyway , i 'm going off on a tangent and do n't mean to . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that russia does n't have to have the present situation that it is in at the moment . 
  no one is interested in the destruction of russia or whatever other theories russia has . 
  people just want peace and stability in europe . 
  that is the biggest driving force behind the eu experiment . 
  it just seems like russia would rather be worse off so long as they can consider themselves a leader . 
  still a load of shit to get invaded over and over and only respond by saying please stop . 
  it is pretty brazen to invade countries and get offended when they defend themselves . 
  so what ? 
  usa is somehow to blame for world wars that are started in europe ? 
  usa had a bigger economy than russia already during the 19th century . 
  the wars had nothing to do with that . 
  how exactly is russia further isolating itself from the world going to help itself ? 
  russia has always been lagging behind in tech and industry compared to the western world . 
  usa has absolutely nothing to do with eu trade deals . 
  eu trade deals should be pretty self explanatory . 
  they obviously deal with eu and target country . 
  it is a fact that russia has threatened multiple countries for trying to trade with eu . 
  that is flat out not up for debate . 
  if russia is so amazing compared to these countries russia used to occupy then why are there all these economies that are growing faster than russia and some already have gdp higher than russia in former soviet bloc countries ? 
  russia derives a big chunk of their economy out of selling resources . 
  that is not something that developed countries do . 
  the country needs to be more diversified . 
  countries like poland do n't have that as an option . 
  anyway , as it stands now russia has the weakest ruble that they 've ever had since their last bankruptcy . 
  they are also dealing with high inflation and a failing economy . 
  all of these are facts as well . 
  that is n't the case with these newer eu countries . 
  i do n't understand where you have this idea that things are going to change where somehow russia is going to surpass usa 's economy . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to claim though with saying things change , so i would rather not put words in your mouth . 
  maybe you are claiming something else . 
  i 'm not really sure how recovering from communism is a valid excuse . 
  it is n't like some country invaded russia and forced communism on it . 
  however , that was the case with the countries russia invaded and occupied . 
  no one cares about total gdp . 
  russia is the biggest country in the world and the largest population in europe . 
  they should have the top gdp in europe with zero excuses especially considering how much natural resources it has . 
  you are correct about poland . 
  you are leaving out the part where poland is growing and russia most definitely is not . 
  the two countries are not far apart on per capita . 
  there are countries in eu that have passed russia though . 
  the baltic countries are doing better than russia and they ca n't depend on natural resources to bail them out . 
  also what i said about russia threatening countries that try to trade with eu is 100 % absolutely true . 
  putin continues to do it to ukraine and most recently did it to moldova . 
  russia needs to accept that they are n't allowed to govern past its borders and that borders are n't suggestions . 
  the future is bright for the new countries in the eu and they are n't isolated in the world either . 
  it is n't surprising that other countries in europe want to associate themselves with the largest economy in the world . 
  that is a lot more beneficial to them than a country that acts like a bully that controls their government and does n't even have an impressive economy . 
  usa can match the entire economy of russia with a single state out of fifty . 
  eu has a huge amount of countries that are richer than russia as well when it comes to per capita . 
  excellent . 
  why has n't anyone thought of that ? 
  build a wall around sweden in the baltic sea . 
  could you please explain what i am getting wrong ? 
  you are making some pretty sweeping generalizations and open ended statements . 
  who the hell is big bad east ? 
  i think downplaying the danger of isis is very insulting the people that are affected . 
  the whole world does n't need to be in danger for it to be legitimately important . 
  i think i am allowed to form my own opinions and be disgusted with fox news . 
  even today watching it makes me unreasonably angry if i observe it for any meaningful amount of time . 
  i do n't like blatant propaganda and that applies even if it is on the side of a topic i agree on . 
  why are you assuming it is a nuclear sub ? 
  it most definitely is n't a nuclear sub . 
  what is your suggestion for stopping invasions of swedish territory ? 
  except usa is n't on decline . 
  they are still the reigning super power . 
  they also have allies all over the world . 
  their military dominance would also be terrifying if they used it to actually take over and annex countries . 
  thankfully usa is n't doing that . 
  you can complain about income inequality in usa but the lives of the poor in usa are better than even the rich of most of the world . 
  and yes , the word socialism is an evil word in usa . 
  not even a debate on that point . 
  obamacare is considered socialism so it is an evil program and gets criticized by people that are on medicare and social security . 
  do n't even bother trying to understand that irony . 
  here are some short articles on the topic of how good the poor people of usa have it . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2014/08/27/by-global-standards-there-are-no-american-poor-all-in-the-us-are-middle-class-or-better/ http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/06/01/astonishing-numbers-americas-poor-still-live-better-than-most-of-the-rest-of-humanity/ there is no reason that the `` perfect '' world has to be a world where everyone is exactly equal . 
  that world could actually result in a lower quality of life for everyone . 
  they ca n't communicate unless they pop a buoy . 
  sweden says they have no clue and could n't find anything . 
  russia ca n't enter sweden airspace or waters to search on their own . 
  russia gets smacked back on their utter bullshit games .
