  i am stealing fopog for all future greek trolling attempts . 
  the government is backing country wide indoctrination of bullshit . 
  do you want to see what happens when crazy nationalists get people riled up with bullshit and brain washing ? 
  it is n't a stretch to think of the possible results being all bad . 
  they make comments on youtube seem well thought out and reasonable . 
  this is country wide insanity . 
  might as well pretend they are the descendants of the roman empire too while they are at it . 
  one can only hope . 
  joking , right ? 
  i can only assume you are using 60 % since you mentioned it earlier specifically . 
  italy has less debt than germany and usa . 
  usa just continues to grow and has a strong economy even during the crisis . 
  and i am definitely not saying all spending is created equal and equally good either . 
  i just think hard rules applied across all of the eu is a ridiculous way to function especially without effective money transfers to help troubled areas . 
  this is why the usa succeeds in good times and bad and the eu flounders . 
  if the usa treated sections of the country the way eu treats areas in trouble there would be areas of the usa on their way to resembling a third world country . 
  `` high '' levels ? 
  your threshold would n't be met by almost the entire eu much less the rest of the world . 
  the world is n't so black and white either . 
  there are instances where not spending is actually worse for the economy as a whole . 
  the world is n't so simple where debt equals bad . 
  and you also ca n't have one without the other . 
  it leads to very bad consequences for the areas that are in trouble . 
  look at germany then say that again . 
  they also said 5k people were there . 
  cool story . 
  ukraine and belarus shake for no one . 
  has the pope voted yet ? 
  we are n't at 842 yet . 
  that country should never join just based on the name . 
  i lost count of how many times i was told russia was oppressed and had nothing to do with soviet oppression being done by a georgian . 
  then 50 million people say he was one of the greatest russians of all time . 
  amazing . 
  this happens even after leaving the country . 
  these are the same russians that claim ussr was n't really russia yet they claim stalin as a russian they are proud of ? 
  we benefit from china 's economy ? 
  i am pretty sure china is the one that benefits from their gdp . 
  the west is supposed to be blamed for chinese government ? 
  i sure as shit would n't want to be arrested in russia for protesting putin . 
  it is n't only protestors that do n't approve of him . 
  well , i do n't really disagree with you . 
  the best case scenario is the people themselves rebelling . 
  foreign invasions have a huge risk of failure if the goal is stability from a local government . 
  i was getting the impression that you were saying that apathy from the governed somehow represents a sign of approval of a good government . 
  many people can hate the government , but feel powerless to do anything about it . 
  propaganda and fear are very powerful tools of a dictatorship . 
  secret police being a guaranteed tactic that is used by dictatorships across the world as well does n't help anything . 
  well , i never suggested some kind of invasion to overthrow putin in the first place . 
  i am well aware that usa is not a perfect country , far from it . 
  i only offered the comparison of either or because you were saying usa is n't diverse enough while defending russia as a proper government that the people want . 
  that is absolutely absurd . 
  i think the azeris were protected by the british and it allowed them to remain independent from russia and the ottomans and they are a democracy . 
  iraq has foolish politicians that are more concerned with attacking sects that are n't theirs . 
  maliki is a fucking thug that should n't be in power . 
  afghanistan might have hope of a stable government though . 
  i do n't see a problem in assisting a rebellion . 
  your premise that everyone thinks they are treated great up until the very second a rebellion happens is faulty logic . 
  that would imply that people were very happy for centuries under the rule of kings and queens up until the very moment democracies formed . 
  keeping serfs uneducated and censored is the same tactics performed by governments like china , russia , cuba , north korea , and many others . 
  they do it to remain in power . 
  if a government is so great for the people , they would n't have to push state propaganda and keep information from them . 
  they are trying to keep them too stupid and brainwashed to try anything . 
  are you mad ? 
  just because people are too afraid and brainwashed does n't mean only a minority is maltreated . 
  what world do you live in where only a `` minority '' is mistreated in russia . 
  you have wives of dead soldiers being abused by thugs and the government forcing people into military service and then lying that they have been killed . 
  what kind of fucking government is that ? 
  then you want to criticize other countries that are more free ? 
  usa is n't murdering reporters in the street or throwing politicians out of office by decree for being `` anti-american '' . 
  usa has problems , but holy shit i 'll embrace those problems with glee if somehow the other alternative is russia that is `` supported '' by the people . 
  using your logic , serfs were never really treated badly and it was only a minority that were treated poorly since absolute monarchs ruled for so long . 
  why did n't you bold the most likely imposed by foreign influence part in reference to democracies ? 
  franco was installed with foreign armies . 
  hitler used spain as a practice run . 
  there is nothing alleged about how horrible russia treats opposition and media . 
  there is no one else to support . 
  the last election in usa has a major sticking point of implementation of a federal healthcare system . 
  if you think that is splitting hairs then i do n't know what else to say . 
  there was also the issue of withdrawing forces from foreign wars . 
  taxation policies is also very different under the parties . 
  usa is more conservative than eu countries as a whole . 
  i do n't see why parties have to be wildly different on every issue . 
  politicians make a living by pandering to the vast majority that are moderates of each party . 
  the republicans after bush ran hard to the extremes and they have done poorly because of it . 
  i like that mention about al jazeera . 
  ca n't let anyone know about how amazing china is . 
  i could only imagine what a shitfest those comments would be if they were n't disabled . 
  i would go with the 50k estimate . 
  there is clearly way over 5k just in one picture alone . 
  no , i heard it was actually only 5 people . 
  everything is perfect . 
  i am referring to the help received from the french , yes . 
  it was still a group of people that broke free from a monarchy . 
  russia absolutely is n't a democracy . 
  that is like saying china is a democracy . 
  there is only one party . 
  how is russia `` not ready '' ? 
  that is proven by what exactly ? 
  all opposition is killed , threatened , jailed , or completely robbed and neutered . 
  i would prefer changes to the current political system inside of the usa , but you ca n't say it is n't a democracy because of having two parties .
