  i am impressed . 
  gibraltar mention in under 30 minutes . 
  just reading that shit makes me angry . 
  i first observed their work when they were posting pictures of statues throughout eu . 
  i get even more disgusted knowing it is the official government doing this . 
  they come across like nationalist animals . 
  i would n't consider it for the lulz . 
  baltic sea is incredibly important for russia just like the black sea is . 
  i agree i would n't predict it happening in the current climate though . 
  if russian economy goes to complete shit though i would say all bets are off . 
  this is par for the course from these guys . 
  this is some of their prior work . 
  i agree with you on that , but by the time something that overt happens the country would already be isolated economically by the west that there would n't really be much left to do . 
  europe is n't going to war over an island . 
  yes , truly russia is the center of the world for technology and research . 
  there is nothing covert about ukraine except countries playing along that it is up for debate so that they do n't have to have a harsh response to it . 
  park a huge army there and use it as a baltic base of operations that they would love . 
  it is strategically an important island . 
  turn it into transnistria . 
  eu might have issue with being receptive to helping ukraine after the threats were made by russia . 
  regardless russia is alienating ukraine . 
  it could have tried to turn ukraine against eu and waited for eu to alienate ukraine and sweep them away . 
  invading just essentially admits defeat and cuts the cord . 
  those comments in the article are disgusting . 
  the obvious shilling is ridiculous . 
  that does n't mean they deny being there . 
  your comments are a cancer risk . 
  usa was all over the world causing trouble during the cold war . 
  amazing what happens when foreign armies enter a country on multiple fronts and sit on your border . 
  too little and too late . 
  i 'm sure usa helped plenty even if they could n't do it publicly . 
  everyone knows france did . 
  that is possible . 
  i think there is plenty of blame to go around . 
  i mean , for instance , germany did n't cause any country to fail in the first place . 
  i only think germany is hindering the recovery even though i think the countries themselves were to blame for landing in the situation initially . 
  along with usa since the crisis got rolling initially in usa . 
  are you saying that germany wants that ? 
  i could n't tell by your statement 100 % . 
  but at least those are european countries . 
  even afghanistan does n't mean actually losing anything . 
  losing land to a non european country because you got your ass kicked is embarrassing . 
  europe has the most powerful countries in the world short of attacking usa . 
  i 'd say the japanese beating russia was the very first shaming a european power has ever suffered . 
  well of course usa is too powerful to fuck with . 
  i was more suggesting trying to win over the people of ukraine , not trying to battle usa . 
  shared history and culture goes a long way . 
  mexico for example is n't as close to usa as canada is . 
  i just think russia could have done a better job than the position it is in right now . 
  russia just looks totally fucked in their current situation . 
  well then russia should have done anything possible to win over the people and copy usa 's methods . 
  the methods of russia saying we own you and threatening anyone that thinks otherwise just do n't work . 
  russia is n't a superpower anymore . 
  not to the degree that germany does . 
  i also never suggested that all cutting is bad and all spending is good . 
  the hard fast rules that germany wants all countries to follow are ridiculous . 
  germany cares more about the rules than the results . 
  regardless of where in germany you think it is getting the greatest benefit , it is definitely not in the countries that are being scolded and being told they are moochers . 
  yeah i see i phrased it that way . 
  i did n't mean it like you were attacking me or anything . 
  no worries . 
  anyway , i think there are issues and reforms that need to be done and investments that are required . 
  cutting does n't just fix things is basically the gist of my point . 
  sometimes to fix a problem you need to spend more than you have and pay it down when you have things in order . 
  deflationary spirals and multiple dip recessions are devastating and can become self fulfilling with momentum to boot . 
  yes , i think russia should have done with ukraine what they have done with belarus . 
  soft power beats pointing a gun at a country any day . 
  usa is definitely the master at that . 
  no country has ever done it better . 
  i do n't care about the military stuff either . 
  the problem is that eu definitely does care especially when combined with ukraine actions . 
  usa suffered from nsa stuff in eu . 
  russia suffers from the border stuff . 
  russia has to play nicer especially due to the baggage of ussr . 
  instead they do the opposite . 
  finland joining nato would be a major coup for usa . 
  russia would have spb completely trapped at that point . 
  they would have all of their west bottled up except for syria which is falling apart as well . 
  i do n't recall advocating spending for the sake of it . 
  the problem with austerity is that cuts are mandatory regardless of outcome . 
  the cuts exist for the sake of cutting . 
  even germany passes up on needed investments it could make at very cheap rates that are essentially free because they only are concerned with debt above all else . 
  russia has no debt . 
  how is that working out for them ? 
  you do n't win a prize for having no debt . 
  economic growth is important and so is infrastructure . 
  i wo n't even go on the military spending tangent . 
  sorry i thought we were talking about eu in 2014 . 
  come join us from the 1800s at any point . 
  sorry but it did n't cause a war by making trade deals with willing countries . 
  i 'll pass on the victim blaming . 
  eu does n't need a unified army . 
  they have much more power than russia . 
  russia and eu are also not interested in going to war with each other . 
  and that would be a great thing in my opinion . 
  it is happening though with germany kicking and screaming the whole way . 
  i remember reading german officials saying it will turn euro/ecb into junk status . 
  germany has quite a bit of clout . 
  it will require a collective effort to counterbalance that . 
  that does n't honestly surprise me in the least .
