  answered quickly on mobile without ready of the thread . 
  i just would n't know how to cope . 
  i am referring to yeltsin and putin . 
  we both know the power was with putin as prime minister . 
  the topic was russia and ukraine . 
  i never insulted you and have zero intention of it . 
  i did nothing to ukraine and it was the eu . 
  ukraine should be free to try and improve as they see fit . 
  russia has no right to trap them . 
  a powerful and respected world leader of a super power . 
  the dude mentions his nukes like he is bragging about how big his dick is and demanding respect . 
  putin should be held to much higher standards and also his corruption is on a much larger scale . 
  he is the one that constantly wants to be seen as the counter and equal of the usa while his people are robbed blind and live in squalor compared to even small countries in western europe . 
  the fucking white house would be in flames if the usa had the living conditions and corruption that russia as . 
  americans have higher standards . 
  putin is not a good leader when instead of fixing it he uses it for personal gain . 
  do they not have elections ? 
  it is certainly more of a democracy than russia with two leaders in almost 3 decades and the successors are preselected . 
  i have no illusions and i know that ukraine needs serious fixing . 
  that was a great comment with zero sarcasm on my end . 
  i have no pride in american history because i have no history here . 
  my parents come from portugal and am proud of everything such a small country accomplished through discovery with its navy . 
  i am not proud of my ancestors starting the european slave trade though or forcing africans under colonial rule against their will . 
  i am proud that the people are no longer under the thumb of a cruel fascist and are trying to integrate into the rest of western europe even if they are still lagging behind . 
  i am a little sad that my family felt the need to leave in order to have a better life and that i still hear about corruption holding the country back . 
  no country can cure russia from the outside . 
  the russians need to want it themselves . 
  it is not the job of the usa to cure it . 
  usa absolutely does cooperate with democratic countries that are peaceful though . 
  no one is trying to destroy russia , they just want threw imperialism to stop . 
  russia being integrated with the economy of the eu and living standards raised for everyone and no more war on the continent would be something i would celebrate . 
  well ok , i am proud off the usa winning cold war . 
  my family and i was around to see it happen . 
  but not because i enjoy russians sufferring . 
  it is because i wanted the rest of europe finally free . 
  do you think the mafia head signs his own checks ? 
  there is no excuse for corruption around friends and family . 
  do n't play stupid with your simple questions . 
  as if putin a former spy was born yesterday . 
  he still only fools the willfully ignorant . 
  you are better than that from my memory of interactions in the past . 
  i honestly do n't know how to not flip the fuck out if i was georgian or ukrainian and dealing with this . 
  common denominator is always blame the usa overlords even for a bird shitting on you on your way to buy vodka . 
  probably a shitting drone guided by obama himself . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  so basically the same thing as if the usa annexed almost all of europe against its will ? 
  jesus , the logic on display here . 
  the ussr even helped with the population loss by moving in new people to spur the economy . 
  when russia stops then the joke would not make sense . 
  what is there to be said about the nonstop imperialism ? 
  i am glad for improvements . 
  show me these neo nazi politicians . 
  poroshenko can be replaced . 
  putin likes to fashion himself an equal to people like obama . 
  my apologies, 
  people all over the world want to join the usa and everyone prospers . 
  can russia the local bully petrostate say the same ? 
  it is corrupt to the core and only knows 19th century politics . 
  all it has to offer allies is threats . 
  tiny countries in the eu have citizens living much better lives . 
  some super power . 
  it is a failure of a country that needs to be fixed but instead russians are proud of their corrupt and violent culture . 
  sorry , but people want to join nato . 
  but have pride in your gulags genocides and ethnic cleansing while enslaving entire nations and trapping them in crushing poverty . 
  what a beautiful history . 
  my family had to live under fascism and i certainly not fucking proud of it . 
  russians are happy being miserable that they want everyone to join them . 
  are you proud of trapping and gunning down people that try to leave while leaving the populace in fear with secret police . 
  the usa has to build walls too except to keep the world out because everyone wants in . 
  russia is such a failure that almost all of warsaw pact is now nato . 
  i would be embarrassed too if canada wanted to be closer to russia than the usa . 
  so i understand why everyone has to hate ukrainians now . 
  reality can be a bitch . 
  have you heard about the negros ? 
  i do n't see fascists getting elected in ukraine , just russia . 
  russia loves funding hard right xenophobic parties in europe yet wants to fashion himself a nazi hunter hero by invading ukraine over and over ? 
  i do n't know , that sub is pretty great . 
  polish death camps , polish nazis , and russia invaded poland because they sucked at beating hitler in a couple weeks . 
  edit : that is literally what is being said . 
  putin does it because many russians love being fascists . 
  the media also screams about murders but that does n't make the local thug powerful . 
  being a criminal is what makes everyone run away in the first place . 
  only russia looks back with pride at a criminal state like the ussr . 
  russia should compare itself to italy , not usa . 
  reality check is needed . 
  did the wheat vote to join russia ? 
  how ? 
  still waiting ... 
  biggest victims on the planet . 
  when putin stops acting like polandball we will stop talking about him like it . 
  i just ca n't think of anyone else that was running at the time or current political situation a year later . 
  that is a creative way to look at putin being corrupt and robbing russia of wealth while the common people suffer . 
  in certain circles anyone critical of stalin loves fascism and suggesting for russia to stop invading and annexing neighbors means you side with fascists . 
  great job , pyongyang . 
  hilarious insecurities . 
  feel free to dispute anything by jumping in versus stewing silently and downvoting since you are clearly reading this . 
  just as pathetic as the attempts to look like scary lawyers over europe modmail while being ass blasted over april fools . 
  never knew a more insecure group of sub users . 
  christmas day 1991 was my favorite christmas in my life . 
  i will cherish it the rest of my life .
