  usa was right in the end . 
  was west germany not allowed to govern itself ? 
  you misspelled independent country . 
  a strong navy has tons of benefits . 
  the mediterranean is a disaster at the moment and pirates are always going to exist . 
  unrest in africa and levant can quickly spill over into eu . 
  ask people in ukraine if they thought the soldiers protecting their country had dignified jobs . 
  i still found it really surprising since those two languages are massive even after accounting for ussr . 
  maybe just too poor to be on the internet versus russians . 
  i ca n't think of any alternatives . 
  i am getting mixed signals for some reason . 
  that is amazing . 
  russian is second most popular language ? 
  i would have guessed spanish or chinese . 
  seriously ? 
  haha . 
  you got me there . 
  with strong leadership it could be done . 
  the big three need to get together and agree that russia is fucking over the eu bit by bit and put an end to it . 
  if they form a unified front all of eu benefits . 
  plus it would get the smaller countries like hungary in line because there are too many benefits in eu for hungary to run counter to majority of eu . 
  doing that would be a massive benefit for all eu citizens . 
  the current situation is untenable and places eu in a massively weak position strategically . 
  expanding fuel distribution should also be the main objective of eu as well . 
  all effort should go towards expediting this throughout eu . 
  i view it still as capitalist . 
  they are selling in a capitalist system . 
  even in usa there are companies that have profit sharing and are owned by employees . 
  well there goes the potential trip wire . 
  well that is a failure of eu internal politics . 
  that could easily be done through a matter of political will . 
  eu hurts itself by not having a common energy union for bargaining with outsiders . 
  you better believe russia ca n't charge different regions of china different prices and have random shut offs . 
  russia does n't have the balls to fuck with china yet eu is their highest partner and putin fucks with it constantly with no consequences . 
  your country 's diplomacy does n't change de facto governments or countries . 
  go walk into crimea since russia does n't own it and tell me how it works out for you without paperwork ahead of time with russia . 
  check your ignorant behavior to that woman and you bragging about it here and try and talk about others some more as if your opinions mean anything . 
  thank you for your concern by calling others monkeys . 
  you are either a troll or have the social graces of a brick wall . 
  look at your downvotes and you want to talk about the behavior of others . 
  great self awareness . 
  yes sorry if i did n't get that idea across . 
  it was agreed to by the central government but they are making moves to delay again . 
  hk pushed to have it happen in 2012 . 
  beijing delayed it to 2017 . 
  beijing is playing the game of following the basic law because the initial promise was for democracy but no set date on exact implementation . 
  so they are attempting to push it back indefinitely while promising it will happen . 
  meanwhile the basic law runs out in 2047 and beijing stonewalls on what happens then . 
  essentially there is nothing in writing stopping them from canceling all government and it becoming one china one system with hk under mainland communism after over a century of independence . 
  uk kind of sold them out to china . 
  uk did n't ask them what they wanted ams have them away to a horrible government that they are powerless to defend against . 
  not sure what that has to do with my statement . 
  eu has plenty of power on their own . 
  they are a massive economy . 
  i am not saying anything about your particular claims . 
  i am saying the claims of the government themselves . 
  the throw antisemitism around everywhere . 
  what makes israel morally superior while they trap millions of people as prisoners and starve them and keep common basic life necessities from them ? 
  they live in ruins with no way to fix it . 
  meanwhile the israel government openly endorses the continued encroachment of settlements by aggressive orthodox nationalists . 
  they refuse a right of return for all the people they ethnically cleansed from the area . 
  where the fuck are palestinians supposed to even live . 
  none of the land is even remotely contiguous and shrinks by the month . 
  i do n't defend any people that are killing israelis . 
  i just think it is a crock of shit for israel to act like they are victims when you look at the deaths between both parties , the overwhelming force disparity , and the fact that israel treats palestinians as captive subhumans . 
  yeah and i 'm sure if people told you they were from taiwan you would n't tell them it does n't exist either . 
  it is idiotic on your part . 
  you are a pedantic asshole . 
  shocking that people stop talking to you . 
  countries do n't cease to exist depending on which country you happen to be standing in . 
  that embargo has lasted for years . 
  they are prisoners being denied basic needs . 
  you treat people like caged animals , you get results . 
  you do n't get to act like a victim while doing the things they are doing . 
  hiding behind the anti-semitism shield gets really fucking old . 
  they do plenty of fucked up shit all on their own . 
  i am sure that is n't an exclusive list . 
  you were also wrong . 
  they invaded under a lie . 
  they knew the teens were dead . 
  it was a lie . 
  what does tunnels have to do with medicine and food embargo ? 
  they embargo everything . 
  they are treated as prisoners and you wonder why they lash out while more and more land is stolen . 
  he has said war is n't currently on the table . 
  what are you suggesting usa do ? 
  eu has more responsibility in this matter due to their economic leverage against russia and it is their backyard . 
  i do understand your frustration but it seems like usa is fucked no matter what it does . 
  they are either war mongers or full of shit it seems . 
  they invaded because of people they knew were already dead and had nothing to do with hamas . 
  why does things like food need an embargo ? 
  what are people supposed to rebuild the area with when it gets leveled to the ground , bamboo and mud ? 
  ok meanwhile gaza has wholesale destruction and has everything embargoed into the area while invasions happen under false pretense . 
  violence happens both ways but i am about to tell you why israel does n't count . 
  i am not trying to make light of what happened . 
  i was only trying to say that usa takes their alliances seriously . 
  anyone involved with what you are referencing is looked down on by history and gets referenced today in regards to crimea quite often . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  yes and germany did this whole the rest of the eurozone was fine financially so it was a different story . 
  inflation is also way too low .
