  not some whackjob with a blog . 
  direct from their diplomatic channels . 
  it is like the ussr and the soviet propaganda has never ended . 
  are you telling me they are n't accusing estonia of fascism when they use fake pictures and make references to hitler youth clubs and making heroes of war criminals ? 
  are you serious ?!, 
  you are also completely wrong on `` mandatory catholic church '' . 
  you are pulling facts out of your ass and using it to justify fascist accusations like they are a normal every day conversation . 
  what do you even mean , most fascist states ? 
  just how many fascist states do you think there are ? 
  http://www.baltictimes.com/news/articles/35357/#.u-_19pldva3 try that . 
  that picture is also completely faked . 
  russian embassy just found a photoshopped picture on the internet for their fascism story . 
  every passing day i 'm having a lot more trouble telling the difference between russia and north korea . 
  at least north korean government only kills north koreans . 
  i would n't care about russia if they just stuck to killing their own citizens that are always thrilled with the brutal dictators going back centuries . 
  found it on / r/europe here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2dfyj1/russia_compares_estonian_scout_hike_to_hitler/, 
  yeah , it does n't change anything i say . 
  i just find the reaction ridiculous . 
  ok . how is estonia fascist ? 
  how is estonia raising fascist boy groups ? 
  just one of many accusations leveled by russian government . 
  well putin has no right to complain when he has the same behavior . 
  however russia calling everything fascist around them is a damn joke . 
  that is a blatant lie and absurd . 
  yeah exactly , but you know i am just a stupid american as usual on this sub . 
  american flag is automatic downvotes even if i say something that is obviously true . 
  you realize how large china is as is ? 
  and how expansive siberia is ? 
  siberia is also filled with wealth when it comes to resources . 
  if china is so rich they can tell the rest of the world to fuck off there is no way to influence the government to get them to change into acting more western like japan and south korea . 
  go ahead and link that . 
  i guarantee you she said he was acting like hitler prior to the war . 
  please explain how he is n't . 
  i will gladly listen . 
  russia however calls fucking everything fascism except their own government which sure as hell has fascist overtones . 
  i still do n't want usa invading russia . 
  russia would absolutely use nukes if they thought their existence was about to be wrote away . 
  plus you would then create a china so powerful it would be stronger than the rest of the world combined . 
  what a shit website . 
  i thought they only cared about usa . 
  i am glad they can spread their freak wing politics worldwide . 
  good god , no . 
  you want russia to have real reason to feel threatened ? 
  as soon as he stops invading countries under the pretense of protecting ethnic groups the comparisons will stop . 
  simple enough , no ? 
  also there is a difference between comments on the internet and the official statements of a government . 
  or is putin and a reddit user held to same standards ? 
  not butmad at all . 
  i guess kosovo exports the color gray . 
  i guarantee you that boring does n't not preclude a gallery from being posted . 
  i know you make vw for usa . 
  i automatically assumed it would have involved wine or cork instead of propane accessories . 
  i prefer my fake news direct from rt. 
  watered down just does n't have the same quality . 
  so is pretending like both sides are balanced and equally right and wrong regardless of how extreme one position is . 
  position one : i believe you are kind of invading my country . 
  position two : everyone is nazis . 
  pretty much balanced . 
  well , if they were smart they would have already realized the superiority of lisbon long ago . 
  i also sincerely doubt that stat . 
  guaranteed there are three cities in spain bigger than porto . 
  thank you . 
  i was confused by 29 % number mentioned . 
  russia refers to everyone as fascists and nazi and calls the ukrainian government fascist without any reservation as if the word can be thrown around with no problem . 
  disgraceful . 
  how is corruption causing low private wages ? 
  could you explain those unemployment numbers ? 
  are you denying how full of shit russia is ? 
  and yes the crossing was documented . 
  there were stories by journalists about it that had nothing to do with ukraine . 
  i did n't mention usa . 
  the leader of rebels even admitted it . 
  russia uses nazi completely without irony . 
  their government is a joke and there is a reason they are a pariah . 
  again , ukrainian claims are verified by journalists all over world . 
  i will take the word of journalists over the propaganda of a joke government that has no idea what press freedom is . 
  they are a few steps removed from north korea . 
  i heard in school they kept the temperatures higher because the smell spread more which made it more appealing and they knowingly had it at very high temperature . 
  my opinion on russian lying is well formed for months . 
  i have no reason to believe ukraine lies about the column that violated ukraine border as yet another act of war . 
  it was verified by outside sources with journalists on the scene . 
  russia telling the truth is news by itself . 
  they operate thinking the world is full of trapped soviet citizens . 
  lazy and pathetic . 
  the world knows . 
  even/r/russia openly admits how pathetic russia is with the `` truth '' . 
  trade sanctions . 
  i do n't know if they have lied . 
  i do know russia lies at every opportunity which was main point of comments . 
  the amount of bullshit that comes out of russia in the past 100 years is comical . 
  oh i know why they do . 
  i just hope they lose every wto case brought against them . 
  i am not going on a fact finding mission with back and forth with you . 
  you are trying to change topic of obvious lying by russia . 
  there are tons of sources versus russia 's one source and russia is full of shit . 
  because that is part of the story and it is all facts . 
  the bigger joke is everything russia is doing does n't require any inventions . 
  just point a mirror towards russia . 
  yes russia is glorious for invading and annexing their friends to prevent usa hegemony . 
  just look at how poland suffers under the thumb of the us empire since leaving the glory of russia 's friendship .
