  they think gulags were a better system than american prisons . 
  it goes on and on . 
  you know what , just go be a doormat . 
  they have nukes , better suck their dick and never criticize anything ever . 
  anglo sphere best sphere . 
  then it is n't a shock . 
  you are n't just one person in one smaller nation . 
  allies are around for the good and bad . 
  not everyone here is like that . 
  sorry you have to deal with it . 
   you, 
  no , there is still russian forces inside of ukraine . 
  no all ways count . 
  yes and it is taking place inside of europe literally still today . 
  ukraine is n't a country anymore ? 
  how is that not multiple countries ? 
  a country invading another in an attempt to destabilize break it apart and annex pieces of it is n't a war in europe ? 
  news to me . 
  are those people killed and forced into being refugees also somehow better off as well by your semantics ? 
  haha . 
  please be sarcastic . 
  also you ca n't have a civil war with multiple countries involved . 
  there is a war right now inside of europe . 
  killing me for my income or beliefs somehow is perfectly fine versus my ethnicity even though that part was done as well . 
  yeah never did who would win against who versus different times . 
  the point is that nato had zero rivals that can contest it anywhere in the world and can invade any spot on earth , not that it should . 
  chinese empire did n't have a worldwide influence . 
  british empire had many rivals inside of europe . 
  russian federation has nothing on nato . 
  their economy is tiny and manned by poor conscripts . 
  their tech is severely lacking and their navy pretty much exists in name only . 
  how the hell is mentioning nato moving goalposts ? 
  the chinese empire was never as big around the world like nato is now . 
  the ocean being owned means that there is no naval power that even comes close to nato . 
  it regularly is patrolled all over the world especially at every major trading point . 
  could the chinese invade anywhere on the planet on short notice ? 
  they had almost no influence outside of asia . 
  same goes for roman empire . 
  absolutely nothing compares to nato and the other countries that are militarily allied with them , usa in particular . 
  but they were contested with other empires at same time like french and spanish for instance . 
  no i made the exact opposite point . 
  feel free to fly to ukraine and volunteer . 
  who is your pick then ? 
  can you think of any military force that owned the entire ocean and giant chunks of multiple continents completely undisputed ? 
  what is gained by suicide ? 
  that does n't keep a dictator in power . 
  it is hard to enjoy a rich life too when your cities are irradiated rubble . 
  that is just impressive . 
  do n't mind me . 
  i am just going to go visit / r/portugalcaralho and go wipe spain off the map in eu4 with portugal . 
  everything . 
  yes , everything typical for learning about a particular language . 
  history , culture , language . 
  they straight up act like brazil broke off of europe and magically moved across the atlantic . 
  the other european languages are centered on europe . 
  i have sympathy for greeks until they bring this up . 
  in the usa , schools have portuguese departments that center on brazil . 
  then their spanish department centers on spain . 
  how are you alive ? 
  you are one of the good ones from the better parts of spain . 
  yeah , i just thought it was closer . 
  i know how to convert . 
  yeah i agree . 
  people get wiser with age . 
  well there are poor people everywhere . 
  that is n't exclusive to portugal . 
  yeah , but they would for brunch possibly along with espresso . 
  portugal # 1, 
  i always assumed people were richer in the uk . 
  since when are suburbs more dangerous than cities ? 
  i am seeing plenty of shit posting for sure , just from a different source than you think . 
  sorry , did n't mean you were trying to convince anyone . 
  you are correct with everything you stated . 
  i am simply pointing put that the current situation makes the uk in general very against it and i stated some opinions i would have in their situation . 
   it would n't be their military anymore . 
  100 % chance you are n't winning over people in the uk with that statement . 
  there is also a drastic difference . 
  usa has everyone across the entire country paying taxes towards the military . 
  eu has countries that give zero fucks about the military . 
  it is n't based on size of the economy either . 
  even as a proportion of gdp it ends up being pitiful . 
  citizens of the uk have every right to have negative views on this . 
  why should the uk hand their military and military funding over to countries that do relatively little on their own ? 
  and if anything helps out military matters , it is definitely more bureaucracy . 
  all customers are notified otherwise it makes no point to have a recall . 
  that goes for all companies . 
  toyota is n't doing recalls out of the kindness of their heart . 
  it is according to regulations in the industry of the respective countries . 
  having to replace millions of rusted junk frames on their trucks is n't something a customer should be pleased with . 
  the initial comment came across very fanboyish like you were beaming with pride that toyota recalls so many vehicles . 
  lol . 
  toyota has the same regulations as other companies in regards to recalls . 
  recalls are n't a badge of honor . 
  front end comes off easy . 
  they are n't hard to work on if you are competent . 
  great job , vag . 
  a link like what ? 
  well i agree that those employers should be punished . 
  well that sounds like things that should be cracked down on at the employer level instead of trying to scapegoat people that are just trying to survive and earn a living . 
  illegal immigrants ca n't take jobs unless they are being offered .
