  the people that refuse to assimilate will only become worse if you make it even easier to never learn a damn thing . 
  they will continue to do that with their children and it will end up becoming like a full blown russian exclave . 
   as a macedonian i love albania and albanians people ... 
  i dont like that terrorist 's from kosovo problems ? 
   and at the same there exists a country that is more powerful and has more influence than any other single european nation . 
  what exactly were you aiming for with this juxtaposition at the end of your comments ? 
  you ca n't make sense of the discrimination comment i made ? 
  you are lecturing people that were occupied on how they should run their own countries while living in the comfort of western europe where you did n't have to deal with that shit . 
  you also are n't in a country that is under fire from russian propaganda on a constant basis . 
  russia is forever calling baltics nazi and agitate russian minority populations in russia 's favor . 
  nah you did n't have to do that . 
  i just admitted i never heard of it . 
  i did like the article though . 
  it looks like the situation should be fixed by now i would hope . 
  i have heard of the typewriter thing as well . 
  and yes i do see the issue . 
  it is kind of implied that you have to remain friendly with your buyer if you intend to have the best hardware and software . 
  iran for instance has trouble keeping their f-14s in the air . 
  they are n't able to easily buy parts or get upgrades . 
  meanwhile the f-35 program has operations in countries all over the world so it benefits the industry of the buyer countries as well . 
  that is a nice benefit of it being a joint project . 
  where exactly did i say i doubted you ? 
  i have just been asking questions . 
  military is never going to give out open source software either . 
  the competition is literally trying to kill them . 
  they are n't interested in the greater good . 
  who are you to lecture to people of occupied countries about what discrimination is from the comfort of western europe and have the gall to compare it to usa `` occupying '' europe ? 
  i never heard about second one . 
  i barely remember the first . 
  you are kind of reaching though . 
  a jet is hardly a remote control plane that is broadcasting video . 
  that jet is physically controlled . 
  plus i just give credit to any hacking attempts and kind of appreciate them . 
  better than thinking you are invincible . 
  man russia is just trying to piss off everyone . 
  usa has left dead americans all over the world defending allies . 
  nato does not abandon countries . 
  do n't you think this is n't really a factor for military hardware though ? 
  thanks by the way . 
  finland plans on alienating itself from eu in next thirty years ? 
  this is being beyond paranoid . 
  security by obscurity in defense ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  i am not deriding anything you are saying . 
  if businesses are performing actions that cost them business i 'm not going to feel sorry for them . 
  they brought it on themselves . 
  i am not defending back doors by the way . 
  i do n't know what you mean by american response either if you mean how i 'm responding . 
  if verizon is using backdoors and it costs them business , well , so be it . 
  i 'm not crying over it . 
  i 'm not a fan of it anymore than you are . 
  this just seems like a far reach from defense spending . 
  usa has a massive export business with their defense industry . 
  usa and finland would also never be on opposite sides of the battlefield under any circumstances . 
  norway is using the f35 and in fact they are employing people in norway for the project . 
  how do you know that to be true in the first place ? 
  that is n't an accusation by the way . 
  i assumed you knew my answer . 
  i do n't think anyone wants any back doors . 
  that did n't stop any purchases of nokia in usa though . 
  so you suggest what ? 
  shut down all international trade across the globe out of fear ? 
  usa could invade finland tomorrow if it wanted to . 
  usa has no interest in randomly invading europe and this fear is bred out of paranoia . 
  in what alternate universe is finland going to war with usa ? 
  i really do n't care that argentina was sabotaged by the french . 
  they were wrong to attack the uk in the first place . 
  it also is n't a strictly american aircraft . 
  it is being built all over the world by american allies . 
  whatever suits him i suppose . 
  he 's told me he lives in finland . 
  the guy 's all over the place . 
  secret back doors ? 
  so finland is going to war with usa and usa is going to shut down the planes remotely somehow ? 
  not really sure how it is similar performance when f-35 is better in every way . 
  the dude is irish and sucks putin cock in ukraine topics . 
  i guess the flag gives him credibility in his own mind . 
  so even today he still does n't realize how the photos were spread ? 
  amazing . 
  does he think they were putting them up on craigslist and were surprised that they were recognized ? 
  does he think they were putting them up on craigslist and were surprised at getting recognized ? 
  you do n't think un 's mission is also to prevent war and genocide in general along with other projects that they try to take on ? 
  that government ca n't even run their own country properly . 
  they should work on that and the failing economy instead of sinking money and lives into bragging rights and ego . 
  ego does n't put food on tables . 
  what the hell could russia do anyway ? 
  kosovo has a nato base full of soldiers just sitting there . 
  no green men allowed . 
  so colorful . 
  my money is on yes . 
  i do understand your point , but i disagree . 
  my reasoning is that isolation breeds resentment and you create enemies for yourself . 
  through engagement you can win people over especially if they have an increased quality of life . 
  that is pretty interesting . 
  that also sounds like the worst possible form of government one could design . 
  i prefer fall out on the pc not in real life . 
  trolling has become truly high tech now . 
  assholes now come with air forces . 
  state television openly talks about russia going to war and russians escaping to bunkers ? 
  war with who ?
