  ok , sure , but that is 100 % subjective . 
  everyone know what people are talking about when they have subs ranked . 
  nothing touches youtube . 
  how else ? 
  that implies they want to be here in the first place . 
  / r/russia views / r/europe with disgust . 
  oh i was n't aware of when it flipped . 
  i just knew it varied once you leave the country . 
  usa 's political parties also did a complete flip as well in the past century . 
  what ? 
  you think ussr had a sign up sheet ? 
  russia is invading and trying to chop up countries . 
  belarus ' government is willing and nobody complains about them . 
  they are also still living in soviet era with literal serfs . 
  usa does n't harm or threaten allies . 
  in fact it usually bribes the shit out of them with tons of perks at tax payer expense . 
  those allies also have free will . 
  usa also is n't tied up with russia . 
  they threw sanctions at it and called it a day and now russia is in a world of shit . 
  usa is fully concentrated on containing china . 
  want to compare the list of willing allies across the world for both countries ? 
  check out trade that china does between the `` west '' versus russia . 
  what the hell is china going to do ? 
  they are historical rivals . 
  they have pretty much never been allies and are always guaranteed to have a rivalry especially when it comes to central asia . 
  usa also is n't annexing land through invasions for well over a century . 
  edit : china also backed russia by refusing to ensure their actions in ukraine and raping them on a trade deal after russia was desperate to look like they could get by fine without eu . 
  usa also actively went to war with japan and many americans died liberating the philippines which belonged to usa . 
  they then immediately asked them if they want to be free and they became independent . 
  they are close allies to this day . 
  i see russia doing that kind of stuff all the time . 
  meanwhile they think they still own half of europe . 
  sounds pretty nice but i sure hope they cater to tourism on sundays . 
  uh ... are you agreeing with me then ? 
  implying you know who the hell i `` fear '' . 
  china backs china . 
  do n't even attempt to claim russia is allied with china . 
  that is laughable by every measure . 
  russia is also not wealthy . 
  russia also is n't capable of interfering in anything past their borders . 
  they have no power projection . 
  their economy blows as well . 
  saudi arabia has a stronger economy . 
  russia is also isolated . 
  no one forced russia into being nationalistic assholes bent on empire in eastern europe . 
  they have zero rights to controlling countries outside their border . 
  french do n't work on weekends ? 
  no i understood what you meant . 
  it is just confusing since it varies by country . 
  in usa that would be conservative . 
  i always found it weird how one word can vary so much . 
  liberals in usa are very much in favor of government . 
  the term liberal genuinely confuses me . 
  yes it is simple . 
  by making people that have jobs work longer hours it somehow creates a need for more workers . 
  i have to actively seek out news pertaining to russia through international news . 
  it gets closer to zero coverage in the usa compared to domestic issues . 
  i do n't understand how you can stereotype a nation as being clueless about outside world and also obsessed with conflicts they are n't involved in . 
  might as well claim usa is the puppet master between china and india tension too while we are at it . 
  it is like russia is wholely contained inside of / r/conspiracy . 
  so russia fucks over neighbors in exchange for promising to not do something it is n't capable of doing in the first place ? 
  sweet deal . 
  this delusion that russia is some great power with an exclusive sphere of countries they own is insanity . 
  russia was completely ignored by usa prior to invading europe . 
  usa is far more concerned with middle east stability and containing china . 
  do n't let facts interfere with your fantasies . 
  not relevant at all until it invades neighbors while screaming look at me and claiming they are the usa 's mortal enemy as a way to claim they are as powerful as usa . 
  just a blatant attempt to deny 1991 happened . 
  as if russia is important enough where he thinks the usa spends every waking moment trying to counter it and somehow controls every single country . 
  you 'd think usa controls at least half the planet the way russia talks about usa government . 
  i have lost track of how many times i 've had that cheese but i ca n't think of the name either . 
  tastes great though . 
  i think you are not giving enough credit to the stability created by the us navy . 
  it is really that bad ? 
  no permanent harm ? 
  i 'm pretty sure part of you is missing . 
  absolutely none . 
  that is only because of an exception . 
  you want to pretend that there is n't a political union through eu and that literally every last part of this was agreed to years ago by all countries including uk ? 
  that article is shit and the title is a bold faced lie . 
  probably running for cover from the greater albanian air force . 
  the uk does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  the rest of europe has gone through the same issues . 
  nothing has changed and the article is shit . 
  they are n't being punished and it has fuck all to do with eurozone versus non eurozone . 
  uk politicians including cameron are fully aware of changes they agreed to years ago or are completely incompetent . 
  uk agreed along with the rest of eu . 
  this is nothing more than an accounting fix . 
  literally nothing has changed including rate . 
  uk 's gdp is better than they thought . 
  that 's it . 
  more success than thought means more payments . 
  now all gdp is judged equally in eu . 
  literally nothing changed . 
  uk is paying the exact same rate . 
  cuts and budget deficits have nothing to do with any of this . 
  none of this is a surprise either . 
  this was agreed to by british government years ago along with the rest of the eu . 
  that article 's title is an atrocious lie . 
  feel free to tell me what part of that is wrong or instead downvote flags .
