  even your analogy is far too generous . 
  way to stereotype . 
  what are you some kind of saint because you use a bus or train ? 
  what kind of idiocy is that ? 
  my family grew up under a dictatorship and i get disgusted at how that kind of stuff gets defended by others . 
  pacifism has never worked . 
  you need to be stronger than the people that want to hurt you in order for wars not to happen and for deterrence to actually work . 
  might as well tell me to put down my hamburger and lose weight since we are using random stereotypes to defend prior bullshit statements . 
  you are a fool if you think military spending is an outdated necessity . 
  russia has invaded ukraine and you want to live in a fantasy world where anyone that does try to defend themselves are monsters . 
  do you also leave the keys in your car and front door as well ? 
  very easy to be against the military when there are others protecting you . 
  you are an idiot for criticizing a baltic nation for wanting to defend itself after having a long history of invasion by russia . 
  ask poland how well disbanding their military would work . 
  how about telling russia to stop ramping up invasions and military purchases . 
  so easy to sit at home superior to everyone around you while living a life that was made possible through the deaths of others and kept possible through the willing deaths of others less smug than yourself . 
  i did . 
  i asked kuwait and they seemed thrilled . 
  china did n't save them . 
  they were busy threatening to take over taiwan . 
  iraq would n't have to worry about violating peace treaties with the usa if they were n't annexing neighbors . 
  afghanistan would n't have to worry about invasions if they would n't harbor terrorists as favored guests and let them build training camps out in the open . 
  check the immigration figures of usa versus china . 
  along with state owned press and gdp per capita and freedom across the board . 
  usa also is n't claiming to own all the resources in the gulf of mexico and attacking their neighbors in open waters while supporting nuclear terrorists . 
  you are a fool . 
  the chinese are n't even allowed free movement inside their own country but you sit at home jerking off to chinese super power fan fiction because of blind us hatred . 
   the defense ramp up of in your country will only benefit one country ... 
  the u.s. needs the war to feed it 's industry ( industrial military complex ) . 
  that statement was made before any question was made . 
  your opinions about how other countries should spend their taxes was already clear . 
  much easier to criticize others trying to protect themselves when you are safe . 
  pacifists talk a big game while being protected by the willing sacrifices of their neighbors . 
  who said i wanted to fight ? 
  i am criticizing you for giving shit to countries that are simply defending themselves . 
  who are you to tell other countries how to spend their taxes ? 
  how dare they . 
  meanwhile russia is buying assault ships , invading and annexing neighbors , and gets offended at a country even hinting at joining eu , but their biggest trading partners are in the eu . 
  eastern europe 's biggest crime is having the balls to be their own countries . 
  russia acts as though they have a god given right to all land up to germany 's border . 
  very easy to make anti-war comments when you are perfectly safe surrounded by others that will fight for you . 
  how dare eastern europeans defend themselves . 
  it inconveniences the putin fluffers living comfortably in the west who do n't have to suffer from his threats or actions . 
  yeah , but it is irrelevant . 
  i want to sit in western europe where i have many useless eastern european countries as a buffer where i can idolize putin in safety . 
  amerikkka is trying to take over the world . 
  thank god for china . 
  smug little warrior ? 
  russia is irrelevant . 
  their economy is the size of italy and their entire economy revolves around being a gas station . 
  the countries of western europe have economies that are much more diverse and the people are able to live with more freedoms . 
  never mind the size of the economy of usa compared to russia and how diversified their economy is . 
  military comparisons are laughable as well with russia . 
  delusional is you saying russia could rip anyone apart with outdated equipment and conscripts . 
  all of these things are true . 
  you insult me when i have done nothing but compliment germany in general and point out the obvious that usa has absolutely zero intention of invading anyone in europe all while your beloved russia proves on a daily basis they have other intentions and act insulted that eastern europe seems to think they are n't part of the russian empire . 
  europe is full of american allies and the usa/eu relationship will always be of utmost importance regardless of how many ignorant people reside on either side of the atlantic . 
  there are plenty of european bashers here in murica as well and they are an embarrassing display of ignorance . 
  you get what you deserve in many instances . 
  here we go . 
  neither country has any power projection . 
  they can barely handle their immediate borders . 
  your delusional thinking also twists everything around you into shit that does n't exist . 
  the whole point of the statement was that the thing keeping the usa from invading germany is usa , not any other country . 
  usa has zero intentions of invading germany . 
  they are strong allies and that is n't changing regardless of how many people in the country sit there praising putin as he annexes his neighbors while worrying about us invading nato . 
  reliable ally ? 
  you prefer russia and china instead ? 
  just look at eastern europe versus western and you can see who the more `` reliable '' ally is and was . 
  you live surrounded in paranoia . 
  you think chinese and russian troops are what is keeping usa from storming berlin ? 
  glad you keep such a firm grasp on reality and perspective . 
  you have something against military alliances ? 
  what are you afraid of ? 
  a us invasion of europe ? 
  at least you are n't paying for them like us taxpayers are . 
  hell , sounds like a vacation to me . 
  you are hoping for china to be a super power . 
  ask china 's neighbors in asia how they feel about china . 
  glad to see you are thinking clearly and unbiased . 
  ... and iraq and fascism . 
  sorry , just wanted to join in . 
  did we hit everything ? 
  are americans supposed to hate germans and germany ? 
  why would n't they like being in germany ? 
  it is a great country and everything is peaceful . 
  you think they 'd rather be in afghanistan ? 
  show they are back ? 
  with what ? 
  all those intense battles ? 
  ukraine showed restraint and just gave up . 
  well to be fair the post was just not my response to a particular comment . 
  ukrainians especially should stop being so russophobic and become russia 's newest republic . 
  i have never seen my local state house invaded by troops prior to voting who materialize from other countries . 
  i also would n't call a canadian citizen born in toronto a local rebel leader and prime minister of an american republic . 
  he said / r/all not your front page . 
  i guess they are pulling in overtime with a double shift . 
  and iberia is where ? 
  your schooling is superb . 
  how many years did you study under david duke ?
