  they also get nonstop promoted in russian media and you have putin involved in peace talks as if russia needs compensation to end his wars . 
  there is no such thing as an `` ex '' russian intelligence officer . 
  i love how so much leadership is just recently resigned and just happen to be russian citizens that work in russian government and born in russia but are so concerned about rebel movements that are n't part of their own country . 
  i do not check for fsb . 
  russia only picks on weak neighbors , so i have nothing to worry about . 
  the people that defend putin at every turn . 
  new accounts being created every damn day that exist just to defend russia 's bullshit all over . 
  yeah , it would be easier to say it is just some small group if it was n't for the fact that they are supported in every possible way by putin and many of the people that are `` rebels '' are n't even from the country and come directly from russian government . 
  this is a russian invasion by proxy . 
  do n't try putting this on eastern ukraine all by itself . 
  russia pushes the nazi propaganda so often you would think it is 1940 again . 
   germany is nazi again add it to the nazi list . 
  not nazi in europe : russia nazi : everyone else notable exceptions are the nazi hunters in belarus ( so far ) , abkhazia , south ossetia , crimea , and transnistria, 
   try them too . 
  you will notice that they too have somebody to throw dirt at nooo , you do n't mention them at all , instead you just try to distract from them . 
  like , seriously , all of you , who do you think you are fooling with any of this ? 
  you have ukrainians being treated exactly like nazi prisoners on parade and you jump in going , `` but what about amerikkka , guis ?!, 
  dae hate fox news ? '', 
  no , government led propaganda talking about nazis and full of lies is always the worst kind . 
  by the way , usa does n't give a shit about russia . 
  russia is completely unimportant and insignificant . 
  usa was only forced to care because they invaded ukraine . 
  there is n't some american conspiracy to talk badly about russia . 
  the media does n't even care about russia , they are n't obsessed like russia is of eus and calling everyone a fascist . 
  in that case italy is also a super power . 
  the target will just shift only with more power and encouragement from a victory in ukraine . 
  it does n't mean a damn thing unless there is a military to back it up by force . 
  i am not saying you are lying , but i keep seeing this said by people . 
  where is this claim coming from ? 
  i am completely unaware of nazis . 
  i am not a nazi connoisseur like many russians . 
  where is proof ?!, 
  green screen . 
  hollywood actors and cia did this . 
  ha , play victim more . 
  i showed you how the comparison was wrong . 
  you use media for an example that spends every waking hour shitting on american government to prove it is biased against russia ? 
  nothing compares to rt and it is made worse that it is direct from putin . 
  yes , truly russia is the one being provoked and ukraine is the evil one in this . 
  i hope you are being sarcastic . 
  usa has done some awful things under bush and i am relieved he is gone and embarrassed by my country 's actions . 
  no journalist is trying to get killed by pointing out what a shithole the country truly is . 
  yes , but the person throwing the dirt is n't being coached by a head of state . 
  or maybe the fact that your random fox news shot is completely irrelevant . 
  the government also does n't control fox news of all things . 
  almost every dollar they make is from saying how much the american government sucks . 
  such a poor victim . 
  ussr was not an ally of america . 
  they were the useful enemy of an enemy . 
  they were literally making treaties with nazi germany during all of this aggression and were working together . 
  no one gives a shit if the name of axis and allies has the word ally in it . 
  does that make germany and italy axises together ? 
  there was one side of a war that they both fought on . 
  usa also absolutely did not promise to give any countries to saddam . 
  he was invaded for invading kuwait . 
  you are spouting bullshit . 
  of course usa does n't care if he invaded iran . 
  you think you are clever saying that ? 
  there is an obvious difference when he invaded kuwait . 
  that link you showed said they do n't find it binding like a treaty . 
  there is a difference between a treaty and a memo . 
  russia obviously wipes their asses on any promises they make , but yet you instead are taking the time to rip on the usa and make everything about them . 
  what a shocker . 
  that very link had usa flat out saying they do not view any actions they have taken as having violated anything in the memo to date . 
  you are pathetic for claiming usa making an attempt at winning the war in vietnam and losing the same as you sitting there and thinking writing an angry letter when an ally is invaded and jerking off to how superior germany is to the rest of the word is considered the same thing . 
  the only threat any country has is having allies that are populated with people that share your opinions . 
  at least enemies are easier to deal with and do n't fuck you over from behind their back . 
  your opinions are toxic . 
  pretty sure that is on account of weak willed neighbors , not from any grand stroke of genius . 
  hilarious that you mention spies as if germany does not do the same . 
  vietnam was usa losing a war . 
  they still showed up . 
  it was not winnable . 
  there was n't a true enemy versus civilians . 
  what else was supposed to be done ? 
  send every person in the country over until everyone in vietnam was dead and hundreds of thousands of americans to go with it ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  ussr was not an ally . 
  they fought a war together on same side . 
  ussr also teamed up with nazis to fuck eastern europe . 
  you are grasping at straws . 
  saddam was not an ally either the second he started invading other countries . 
  poor saddam , thank you for coming to his defense . 
  he was a true victim . 
  they promised to respect ukraine . 
  russia invaded not usa !, 
  only in a german 's mind could usa be the bad guy during a russian invasion . 
  your logic is just all over the place . 
  the only thing that ties it all together is usa is evil and does everything wrong and germans are superior to everyone . 
  dude , no one in any country screams `` i love nato , ... '' . 
  i also did n't realize russia invading ukraine somehow became usa 's interest versus europe . 
  usa tried to keep the president in power that left with a political deal . 
  usa has also increased their interest in asia and was attempting to make trade deals with russia . 
  usa is n't the one invading and annexing countries . 
  you are the one creating false dichotomies . 
  nato is a complete failure of an alliance under your ideas if a country could be invaded and not protected by the other countries . 
  that is n't a military alliance at all . 
  i also have yet to see usa break an alliance yet you claim they broke them left and right after 1945 . 
  usa protects anyone they promise to no matter where they are in the world . 
  if they do n't , all of their alliances become meaningless overnight .
