  everything is brilliant when you have stupid people on the receiving end . 
  that is a hilarious typo of koran war , too bad the topic did n't involve isis/isil . 
  us has little sway ? 
  you realize almost all of china 's neighbors in the south china sea are us allies ? 
  you completely ignore countries like vietnam , taiwan , and south korea as examples ? 
  no , i think china will push much more if they think they can get away with it . 
  like if it was n't for the usa i do n't doubt that they would have invaded taiwan a long time ago . 
  also if japan starts to worry about actually having their land and interests protected by usa , they might swing into heavy militarization to compensate . 
  that is the worst brady bunch intro ever . 
  not giving a shit is `` priceless '' ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i ca n't even imagine the family seeing this shit over the internet . 
  that goes without saying , no ? 
  the person the was beheaded . 
  i wonder if he genuinely believes it or just brainwashed after being captured for so long . 
  that genuinely made me laugh . 
  thanks . 
  what do immigrants have to do with isis ? 
  i was completely disgusted by what he had to say . 
  telling everyone what exactly ? 
  i guess i have a fan base . 
  you dense ? 
  you countered by saying you are english . 
  i am mocking your obvious trolling with you and the wave of other people that create accounts for the sole purpose of pushing russian propaganda all over reddit . 
  it does n't fool anyone . 
  because he might act crazy and think usa wo n't back up their allies now that he has proof to back him up . 
  china might be more aggressive in asia as well thinking america does n't have the nerve to push back . 
  hey , you can never be too sure . 
  those nazis are everywhere . 
  hell , there are even language nazis in the baltic countries . 
  russians are being forced into acting like they are n't in russia in those countries . 
  it is a war crime . 
  hopefully russia comes to their rescue soon . 
  yes , they would absolutely act . 
  usa would never allow a nato country to be attacked or their entire web of alliances would crumble and lose a huge amount of power that took a century to create . 
  the point of me saying since 1776 was not that usa was a world super power from the beginning , but that it has never broken an alliance . 
  if i lived in narva , i 'd feel a lot more confident of being protected by usa than i would finland or sweden . 
  allowing narva to be taken could possibly lead to war in korea . 
  usa will not allow any sign of weakness on any alliance they have . 
  period . 
  you have zero proof to the contrary . 
  usa reaffirms alliances publicly when asked at any and every opportunity both in words and with hardware . 
  yeah , just discovered reddit a couple days ago and decided to obsess over only russian propaganda ? 
  how unique and original . 
  i never claimed you were ethnically russian . 
  right , why would hundreds of years for a track record mean anything versus you shooting from your gut that all alliances are worthless . 
  even more ironic coming from a swede complaining about countries not helping other countries . 
  guys like rand paul have zero shot of winning anything . 
  gop also would never cut back military spending regardless of what a handful of libertarian-lite congressmen yell about . 
  nato is the largest military force on the planet . 
  nothing can touch it or any member states . 
  wow , that topic has its own thread and everything . 
  how about you stay over there then . 
  yet another russian troll account is born . 
  i could n't think of a better insult than to completely cover them in head to toe american culture with russia only able to send a strongly worded letter in response . 
  neither option has jack shit to do with bulgaria . 
  they were so eager to be anti-nazi they invaded half of poland to reach the nazis faster . 
  even now , every non-russian is nazi . 
  i do n't think anyone loves nazis more than russia . 
  soviet side is definitely cooler . 
  you could n't be a bigger putin apologist if you tried . 
  the only thing missing at the end of your posts is a stamp of approval direct from kremlin . 
  every last post of yours involves you blowing him and pushing lies and propaganda . 
  how about if you just move to russia and just save us all the trouble . 
  russia was wrong to invade ukraine under any pretense . 
  why are you still in estonia is beyond me . 
  since when are super heroes propaganda ? 
  i ca n't even imagine being that negative on a day to day basis . 
  hey , want to go watch avengers with me ? 
  get away from me you kapitalist pig . 
  mergers are tricky . 
  interesting info , either way . 
  you were right for awhile at least . 
  not really a proverb or saying in usa . 
  however any weakness with military is seen as completely unacceptable which i 'm sure you did n't need me to tell you . 
  usa makes prussia look like pacifists when it comes to militarism . 
  of course at the same time they always try to play the role of `` good guy '' so military could never even be implied as a threat towards any allies . 
  maybe teddy roosevelt 's big stick is best comparison . 
  that goes back a century . 
  act friendly but there is always military in the background if you do n't agree . 
  the parliament never changed . 
  there have been votes since then . 
  i guess the current government is n't legit ? 
  the parliament that never changed was considered legit by russia itself . 
  a nationalist party did n't change government all by itself . 
  there was massive support due to a corrupt president that flat out lied about his deal with eu . 
  keep beating that dead horse . 
  you are also completely full of shit . 
  who is fn then ? 
  those nationalist parties exist in western europe as well . 
  maybe russia should invade france . 
  or maybe they should stop fucking over countries in eastern europe time and time again . 
  i never said that either . 
  great straw man . 
  is that true ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  when i reference usa versus eu i sure as shit am not thinking about bulgaria of all places . 
  i stopped reading your links when the first one popped up as rt. 
  oh i understood the meaning , but i was wondering if you knew how far back in russian history that has been a thing . 
  i know that is n't an easy question .
