  i do n't even know what you are trying to say that i said . 
  i 'm just telling you that half your paycheck does n't go to public healthcare . 
  even if half your paycheck went to taxes , your government does a lot more than just public healthcare . 
  they are called lupini beans in english . 
  i 've always known them as tremocos . 
  edit : i googled spanish pussies and could n't find it anywhere . 
  americans are essentially subsidizing the drugs that heal people all over the world while they pay regulated cheap prices . 
  those drugs do n't develop themselves . 
  if americans paid the same prices as other countries those companies would n't be able to do the same amounts of r & d. 
  those people are crazy . 
  come on now . 
  you are not paying half your paycheck to support hospitals . 
  that is a blatant exaggeration . 
  ending public healthcare would be horrible for the country . 
  the poor would be fucked . 
  why is the top of his head blacked out ?!, 
  am i missing a joke ? 
  i ca n't even fathom how someone would determine that the hair gel in usa is inferior and only imported would do . 
  the obese options far outweigh the fit ones . 
  you might be exaggerating . 
  i do n't go to hospitals for the five star restaurant experience . 
  you still are able to use private healthcare in poland though apparently . 
  private healthcare does n't mean only private healthcare . 
  there is public healthcare in usa as well . 
  you are right . 
  russia hardly ever throws the word fascism around anywhere . 
  i did n't give a shit what the hell russia did in their spare time until they started vacationing in europe . 
  usa also ran the place like a colony . 
  i just view it as there is plenty of blame to go around and if the island was flooded with americans and cash there is no way the government could keep the people in a communist government . 
  plus they would n't be able to use america as a bogeyman for all their problems . 
  my feelings toward cuba definitely are n't because of liking their government . 
  it is the exact opposite . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  look at the source . 
  i thought they were on great terms with usa and have a high public opinion of usa . 
  i know there are tons of vietnamese in usa as well . 
  i know they do lots of trade . 
  they are what cuba could have been in terms of usa relations if not for florida politics . 
  you mean nazis ? 
  yes , because i 'm sure the people you associate with are very much unlike yourself . 
  your opinions on anything to do with the `` west '' would make isis proud . 
  so nazis are in charge of ukraine . 
  amazing how brainwashed you are . 
  you can check elections on your own . 
  close to no support among extremist groups . 
  the only fascist governments i am seeing is the one in russia that calls everyone fascist to deflect their actions . 
  you think isis is fake ? 
  am i understanding that properly ? 
  your level of denial is beyond belief if you think russia is n't invading ukraine . 
  the only constant out of you is that russia should have its ass kissed 24/7 . 
  you are full of lies on a constant basis to make it worse . 
  except , things like osama , al qaeda , and isis are actual things . 
  nazi governments are a figure of russia 's imagination and a cheap attempt to have russians feel patriotic for invading their neighbors and remember the good things about their past . 
  they want to make the soviet days look good while ignoring the gulags and fun times like katyn . 
  you also completely ignored the obvious issues that russia has zero business having even a single soldier inside of ukraine with the exception of being located inside of the leased crimean bases . 
  saying russia is doing nothing wrong except for the things that they are doing wrong is a ridiculous statement . 
  bring presunto and super bock and you are always invited . 
  edit : [ portuguese circlejerk starts here . 
  hop on in . 
  how is that better than turning a tractor into a hot rod ? 
  japan is always there for you as an ally . 
  except it was n't a democracy . 
  democracies do n't do genocide of their people . 
  interesting then why did russia have to deny being there since there were invitations ? 
  were they also invited to blockade government bases ? 
  i guess the invasions in the east are good too ? 
  russia , world wide nazi hunters , killing fascists and taking their land like fucking super heroes . 
  just ignore mrp deal with germany . 
  that is what he wants . 
  he despises any association with usa . 
  yes , having the internet full of people that think everything wrong in the world is controlled by usa and using `` where is the proof '' to end every thought makes the internet much better in comparison . 
  you created a completely false comparison to say the west is just as bad . 
  you have no clue on what you are talking about . 
  russia has close to no influence in asia . 
  you also make no sense at all outside of always trying to prop up russia . 
  eu does n't need russia for anything in asia . 
  you are also beyond stupid for dismissing the largest economy in the world as an `` ex colonial '' that europe should n't have anything to do with . 
  what part of russia being completely irrelevant in asia do n't you get ? 
  there are countries in the western hemisphere that do more trade with china and they have oceans separating them versus sharing a border . 
  russia 's economy is a joke . 
  you are an idiot . 
  they agreed to that spending . 
  a military alliance does n't mean `` fuck you america i demand your protection while i do nothing . '', 
  how ? 
  take away voting from people ? 
  there are people that put more research and effort into voting on reality shows versus their politicians . 
  you have politicians that blatantly lie . 
  you have people that absolutely want to lied to because it confirms their beliefs . 
  it is all a shit show . 
  you can take time to make a well reasoned opinion and go vote and then have it canceled out by someone that liked a guy 's hair . 
  amazing that usa can napalm an entire country and drop nukes on another and they still have almost all of east asia as close allies compared to china . 
  hysterical . 
  who tries talking about serbia like it was a democracy and comparing it to ukraine ? 
  what a straw man . 
   facts good one . 
  even funnier than your russia map . 
  there was zero issues with the base for decades . 
  what kind of bullshit analogy is that ? 
  turkey could completely fuck russia at any moment if they wanted to but they do n't . 
  should russia invade instanbul and get another crimean war going just to be sure ?
