  the only thing that surprises me is how these people land into money in the first place . 
  if you pay attention to the ridiculous nonsense that happens in washington with dan snyder , it is unreal how he can be worth so much money . 
  no need . 
  i know the deal was brokered already . 
  i remember russia bragging about it as a way to tell eu to fuck off and acting like they have allies all over the world . 
  the truth is that russia was never willing to close the deal because they wanted eu money instead of the money china was offering . 
  russia was backed into a corner and finally agreed during a moment of weakness . 
  now eu is going to be running from russia and you have lng terminals popping up . 
  russia is going to end up stranded if it does n't lay down more pipes . 
  this is also a big reason it was courting serbia and bulgaria . 
  fiscal policy plays a huge part in recovery from recessions . 
  uk was able to recover much better than eurozone by following the shared fiscal policies of usa and other anglo countries . 
  austerity does n't fix recessions . 
  glad i could help . 
  i was just trying to show what he was basing it on for everyone to see . 
  great point . 
  if anyone would know all about bad investments it would be someone following the mets . 
  yeah , you remembered . 
  yes absolutely , but russia gets lots of its resources from siberia . 
  they also should see long term that there is going to be obvious growth in asia and demand will follow . 
  it just is expensive for russia because china is n't willing to pay eu rates for their resources and the infrastructure is already there for russia in regards to eu . 
  the pain either comes now or later . 
  of course the obvious answer the goes along with this is that russia 's economy needs to be diversified . 
  haha . 
  just joking around . 
  i have a decent memory from prior conversations . 
  if i was putin i would have bribed the ever living shit out ukraine before any of these protests even happened . 
  given them free trade and financial aid even free gas if need be . 
  they share culture and language . 
  it is just crazy to me for this to have happened like this . 
  this is like canada hating usa . 
  i would have done everything in my power to push eurasian union as hard as possible . 
  without ukraine in the union it would be pointless . 
  i would use that leverage to push central asian countries into the union as well . 
  getting those countries in the union would give russia the buffers they desire and guard those countries from leaving to chinese or eu influence . 
  having those countries doing it peacefully would mean eu would n't complain about russia and russia could continue to increase trade with eu and use all that money to modernize their infrastructure and business . 
  i would also stop all invasions of airspace in eu . 
  at most i would continue doing it to canada and usa . 
  it is at the point where finland might join nato with sweden officially instead of the de facto nato membership they have now . 
  i believe everything you stated completely . 
  the issue though is that fiscal policy is n't changing and you become trapped by joining euro . 
  what in the world makes you think germany is going to suddenly change their mind ? 
  the fiscal policy of eurozone has been a disaster and you have merkel and her allies tutt tutting the rest of europe like they broke curfew . 
  the people in uk must be breathing a sigh of relief when they watch that disaster from the outside . 
  oh , i am absolutely not saying russia should n't trade with china . 
  i think it is crazy how little russia trades with china . 
  there are countries that have oceans between china that do more trade with them versus the largest country on the planet that also shares a land border with china as well . 
  i think diversified trade gives a country the most possible leverage . 
  increasing trade with china is needed even though it hurts in the short term since eu is more profitable . 
  russia already played their cards and pissed off eu by using resources as a weapon . 
  eu is forced into speeding up their plans of getting away from russian energy because of it . 
  russia committed economic suicide . 
  it needs all the help it can get . 
  russia still has influence in central asia . 
  china is naturally going to be keen on competing with russia in that region . 
  it just would be delusional to think china is an `` ally '' versus just taking advantage like a calculating vulture . 
  china has only one true ally , itself . 
  well i was n't interested in knowing what your kinks are anyway . 
  russia also is n't allowed to have client states against their will . 
  there is nothing that is unpredictable about russia . 
  everything the government does is predictable and violent . 
  cooperation is impossible . 
  the ideologies are completely opposed between eu and putin . 
  biased ? 
  you came at me right away with insults from the start . 
  if you have something that shows otherwise i will read it . 
  poland is big enough to not feel pressured into joining . 
  joining eurozone could be a disaster . 
  it is guaranteed to fail until there is meaningful transfers . 
  the chump change that gets thrown around compared to the relative size of the economy is completely meaningless . 
  the trope that germany does n't want to `` subsidize '' eu is a joke considering germany benefits more from euro than any other country . 
  losing sovereignty and having heads of state scold you from their supposed moral high ground while having zero control over your fiscal policy dooms countries to failure . 
  csu is against immigration . 
  that is n't up for debate . 
  csu does n't control the entire government of germany . 
  current status versus what an individual political party lobbies for can be two very different things . 
  yes , sacrificing tens of millions of people will satiate peaceful russia . 
  they will finally behave from here on out . 
  why the hell would poland want to take part in that albatross ? 
  well as it stands now , the rest of the eurozone is benefitting germany . 
  i 'm sorry , what was that ? 
  http://online.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052702304347904579308380486793934 wah , wah , / r/shitamericanssay , wah !!!, 
  i do n't like facts thrown at me by people that have flairs that i hate . 
  russia supports the freedom of russians to express themselves at all costs when they are located outside of russian borders . 
  they want those russians expressing themselves as much as possible and get it out of their system , because it goes right out the window as soon as they join . 
  here is the proof : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2jyyu7/ukraine_prepares_to_elect_its_most_proeuropean/clgexd1, 
  the potential in ukraine is enormous . 
  i 'm not even sure what russia gains from china . 
  they do very little trade and china drives harder bargains than a split up eu . 
  on top of it , the more trade russia does with china , the more likely they are to steal whatever tech russia has . 
  they have never really been allies either . 
  they have been perpetual rivals . 
  well , that is fine . 
  i never said life in poland is perfect , but no one is trying to screw over poland . 
  usa especially is n't doing anything to screw over poland . 
  usa guarantees poland 's security and spends taxpayers money investing in poland doing things that poland wants . 
  you can hate usa 's foreign policy all you want , but usa is n't trying to take over the world with invasions . 
  they have allies by doing things for them so that usa can maintain influence around the world . 
  poland is n't held at gunpoint by usa or eu . 
  everything poland is doing as far as alliances go is because the majority of people want it and the majority of people benefit from it .
