  you really think putin is trying to start another war ? 
  where are you getting this talk of an oil embargo from ? 
  war against who and to gain what ? 
  so no freedoms of expression are gone in russia ? 
  are you really bad at geography ? 
  best part are the ones that do n't even live inside of russia . 
  no matter where you are in the world , usa is the puppet master . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_development_in_hong_kong#timeline go there . 
  hong kong wanted democracy in 2012 and beijing delayed it until `` later '' with the suggested date of 2017 . 
  the people of hong kong are also very much concerned over the fact that beijing is completely quiet on what is going to happen in 2047 . 
  the organizers are protesting because they believe that china has no intention of giving what they promised . 
  it is part of their basic law that was agreed upon between hong kong , china , and uk . 
  this law also means that nothing matters come 2047 and all bets are off at that point . 
  that is when things really get interesting . 
  four political parties that hate the eu in one country that have gained seats ? 
  oh , i was n't even trying to paint bush as insane . 
  i never really thought he was insane . 
  i am talking about what happened to the party once he became damaged goods from iraq . 
  bush also looked the other way while georgia got wrecked . 
  usa should have exhibited stronger leadership and coordinated better instead of having georgia attack separatists while usa stood by and did nothing . 
  the better alternative was telling georgia to take their hits and shut up until they joined nato instead of giving reasons/excuses for russia to show off . 
  my comments on eu are because the sanctions are weak and slow . 
  i also have a strong impression that hardly anything would have happened if there was n't a downed airliner . 
  france making a deal for warships after georgia was a disgrace as well . 
  eu should have been pushing away from russian fuel over the years but have only gotten closer . 
  russia uses fuel as a strategic weapon . 
  putin openly talks about it . 
  oh , i am not hating kasparov . 
  i think he is a genius . 
  i 'm just saying that america is the leader of nato and you have two choices . 
  obama was the clear superior choice because the gop has been an insane asylum since bush . 
  bush also was n't any better in relation to putin . 
  he tried to be friendly with putin and so has obama . 
  russia keeps getting opportunities to play nice with the west . 
  they instead still have delusions of being a super power instead . 
  it ca n't all be blamed on obama either . 
  economically the power all lies in eu hands . 
  they instead sit on those hands . 
  not a straw man . 
  he has been glorifying putin for months out here . 
  usa would absolutely not threaten nukes as a first strike option . 
  weak president like obama ? 
  do you want bush back ? 
  romney was ready to get cold war ramped up to full speed as soon as he stepped into office . 
  russia does n't require a draft . 
  their military is a bunch of warm bodies in shit gear . 
  china at least has numbers . 
  their manpower is unmatched . 
  that would also never happen . 
  i do n't know why you are getting your balls busted . 
  america loves the military . 
  because people that keep pushing putin 's narrative are always talking about the polls said this and their absurd percentages . 
  people talk about the polls because they consider them a farce . 
  are you sure ? 
  because that documented cases of genocide and ethnic cleansing in crimea that happened were done by russia . 
  ask tatars how they feel about russia and their treatment of crimea . 
  the taliban stalled and stalled . 
  i remember them trying to say they needed to decide if he was guilty or not . 
  meanwhile bin laden was bragging about the attacks . 
  did the taliban think they were going to save face and negotiate with the biggest military on the planet after the biggest attack ever suffered on american soil ? 
  there would n't have been a war if they immediately handed him over and all of his associates . 
  taliban leadership was suicidal for thinking they could lawyer up and try to use diplomacy to protect bin laden after those attacks happened . 
  usa was out for revenge after being hit . 
  ha , no stickers or magnets touch my car . 
  i was n't trying to offend . 
  sorry about that . 
  show me crimean genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  oh , right , that would be the russians handiwork in that area . 
  and did you know america spends over one trillion dollars on nukes while shutting off water illegally ? 
  ignore that it is a figure for a 30 year projection and that any water shut offs would be to people who do n't pay their bills month after month to private companies . 
  why is the u.s. government dictatorial towards dissenters ... but welcoming ebola carriers with open arms ? 
  awesome articles . 
  well , i obviously was n't clear in a simple one liner . 
  when i say germany i refer to the political entity that is germany . 
  germans would refer to the people themselves . 
  i mean , people talk about america invading countries , but i have yet to kill even one person in the middle east yet . 
  just on here alone i run into germans that agree with that stereotype and others that disagree with it fully . 
  turkey is strong enough to kill people in their own borders well enough on their own . 
  the mindset comes across through the things propagated by their politicians often enough . 
  the people inside of any country have ranging views . 
  the goal all along was to get taliban out of power . 
  this was accomplished . 
  they were openly running terrorist training camps in their country . 
  usa already has some influence in pakistan and saudi arabia . 
  i do n't like the shit that goes on in either of those countries , but what is the alternative ? 
  i mean does n't usa already invade enough countries as is ? 
  are you suggesting usa invade every single country it disagrees with as a way of being morally consistent ? 
  of course not . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  so you think the government attacked usa on 9-11 as a false flag ? 
  actually germany has a weak currency . 
  the countries that are doing poorly are dragging down the euromark and allows germany to sell exports even easier . 
  those poor economies are n't affecting germany yet so they get all the benefits without any of the negatives yet . 
  true , i mean , the results just speak for themselves . 
  eurozone is doing amazing is n't it ? 
  cut , cut , cut , it is about morality !, 
  tighten those belts and stop splurging . 
  i know how to pay the bills in my house , why do those drunk heathens in france think it is a non stop party ? 
  uk was genius for not getting tied down to that albatross while still getting all the perks . 
  germany bent the eurozone over a barrel with their austrian lunacy .
