  no country took land . 
  it just separated two groups that are big fans of killing each other depending on who has more power . 
  i am not under the impression that serbs are evil and everyone else was perfect and victims . 
  how does that translate to others ? 
  i mean germany was broken apart because of their mass genocidal behavior . 
  they were broken apart for decades and have never returned to their past . 
  what was your better solution in serbia ? 
  i do n't have a damn thing against serbia . 
  i mean , i hope you do n't have this assumption that the west is naturally pro muslim ? 
  the balkans are a fucking disaster of ethnic violence . 
  i was pointing out the obvious difference . 
  if the serbs were n't committing mass atrocities against muslims , kosovo would not have happened . 
  no one wanted to go to war . 
  europe was standing on the sidelines and america finally pushed for a stop to it and even then did n't want any soldiers on the ground . 
  no one was eager for it . 
  if they were , they would have jumped in from the start . 
  where was the ethnic cleansing and genocide in crimea ? 
  crimea is not kosovo . 
  nice try . 
  complete false equivalence . 
  then what point are you making ? 
  i do speak languages other than english . 
  i never denied that propaganda existed . 
  i just said there is no example of perfection . 
  the thing is , english is universal and russian is not . 
  they 're is media all over the world that writes in english . 
  are you seriously going to compare the usefulness of english to russian ? 
  there is no such thing as perfect , but the press you insult is far superior to the one you defend . 
  i have access to media all over with various viewpoints . 
  common russians that hardly ever know any language besides russian and do not use the internet much absolutely do not . 
  this is not an equal comparison . 
  not all press is equal . 
  never said that . 
  also , you are really a fool if you decide to deny the extent of false info pushed out by the state and pure brainwashing and censorship done in russia . 
  l it is not western propaganda . 
  the majority of the un agree with me . 
  i think 11 countries in the entire world agreed with russia 's aggression . 
  ukraine was too weak to defend itself , but defended itself in eastern ukraine when it was better prepared . 
  the russian military seized and blockaded ukrainian bases . 
  ukraine was in a leadership vacuum and did n't retaliate . 
  russian military absolutely was involved . 
  i am not here to have banter over where is proof ranters that deny shit that is obvious and documented . 
  these are the sane people that deny for months and months that russia invaded eastern ukraine . 
  russia is a pariah and it is deserved . 
  most of the world ashes with me and no amount of comments by you will change the predicament that russia is in or alter reality . 
  what is respectable about starting wars of conquest in europe while your citizens at home are poorer than most of europe 's `` lapdogs '' and die much sooner and live in worse conditions ? 
  decades ago ? 
  they made an agreement over nukes . 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  this is why russia is a pariah . 
  you are justifying ussr rebuilding efforts all over europe with your logic . 
  lap dogs ? 
  those lap dogs are respected and make their own choices . 
  they also have a quality of life far higher than depressed poor alcoholics committing suicide left and right in russia . 
  but yes , life is so great there because they are fighting this imaginary evil empire . 
  i guess that is a nice distraction from the failures of putin . 
  hence the need to remove assad . 
  assad receives russian support only for that base and to block fuel from europe . 
  russia agreed to borders in writing . 
  it is n't theirs . 
  historical claims equals a lot of fucking wars in europe . 
  there is a reason russia is ostracized and has hardly any allies . 
  they only know how to bully their neighbors and use force on anyone that disagrees with being a vassal unless that neighbor is smart enough to have protection . 
  there is a reason most of warsaw pact is in nato and countries run to the west . 
  russia is stuck in a violent past . 
  i play victoria 2 very similar to how putin rules russia . 
  the only difference is my economies are more diversified . 
  sorry but nation states do n't get to break apart under a vote held by invading army . 
  an entire country has a stake in a piece of land , not just the few living there . 
  there was also absolutely nothing kosher about what happened . 
  there was no dancing being done by me . 
  it is also interesting that a country is so intent to invade and grab land all along their border yet has zero interest in listening to separatism inside their borders . 
  had nothing to do with fame . 
  has to do with your complete inability to articulate a single coherent point and getting ripped apart at every turn with zero shame or introspection on your end naturally . 
  you realize my flair definitely does n't earn me any favor here either ? 
  and everyone is equally bad . 
  there definitely were n't any walls and guns keeping people trapped . 
  marshall plan was literal oppression and slavery to the empire . 
  heil washington !, 
  sure , i guess i am the one with shit opinions . 
  i suppose that is why so many people are agreeing with you ? 
  no amount of run on smug sentences based on absurd guesses and assumptions will change that reality . 
  did you know that americans committed more war crimes in the pacific than the nazis ? 
  just shows who the real evil is . 
  what did i get wrong ? 
  i saw you call people vassals and tell them to just submit to russia and they would be perfectly fine . 
  if i got your age wrong i would be thrilled . 
  it would be a relief if you were still struggling with puberty . 
  what happened , did the evil amerikkkan empire fuck your gf and kick your dog ? 
  oh , sorry , america was just bored one day and felt like bombing stuff . 
  those poor poor nazis and japanese should have been left to take over continents and genocide people left and right while committing atrocities on an unprecedented scale that has never been seen before or since . 
  but yeah , evil , evil , america . 
  how dare they spend billions and billions of dollars helping to turn enemies instead into economic powerhouses and good allies filled with citizens that have a great quality of life . 
  instead we should have followed the steps of stalin or mao so those countries would mirror the success of countries like belarus or north korea . 
  i am just relieved i am not a miserable little shit in my 30s living in a first world country like canada and telling eastern europeans that soviets were n't really that bad . 
  if i was ever that smug and edgy i would prefer using that edge against my wrists instead . 
  that is all a hypothetical example of course . 
  but anyway , do n't let me interrupt you . 
  continue acting like the japanese and nazis were victims of wwii . 
  i ca n't even understand how pathetic and worthless my life would be before i would desire to sit on a computer and rant about defending the horrors that the nazis , soviets , and japanese unleashed over half the planet as if they are the good guys or the intellectual view of the opposite but equal side of the coin .
