  oh , of course , 100 % i believe that . 
  i also think having no strategic value helps too . 
  the country also is n't filled with slavs . 
  now considering the fact that finland prides itself on fighting against russia , do n't you consider the wishy washy behavior by some people and politicians that are afraid to ever say anything that could dare offend a russian to be pathetic in contrast ? 
  finland criticizing countries for wanting to be defended is crazy . 
  haha . 
  i always thought either way could be said . 
  so somewhere in ireland there is the biggest scumbag brother/father/mother / sister on the island living in cork i would imagine . 
  all i ever hear is alentejo being full of clueless ciganos . 
   foreigners, 
  i love when people correct grammar and have grammar mistakes themselves . 
  that makes new yorkers seem humble . 
  nothing touches florida . 
  there is n't anything diplomatic about only criticizing the defenders . 
  it is just being a pussy that is afraid of ever saying anything about russia even while it invaded countries . 
  last i heard invading europe causes `` tension '' . 
  i never said anything about killing hippies or commies . 
  how do you figure ? 
  russia is n't a large market . 
  their economy is irrelevant and they can act like dicks at any moment . 
  even china hardly trades with russia . 
  china does more trade with countries that are over seas than with russia . 
  eu is largest market in the world . 
  why ca n't finland manage to trade more with usa and eu ? 
  those markets are at least sixteen times bigger than russia . 
  i am talking about your comments . 
  i also criticized that hippie for telling countries they ca n't defend themselves because `` tension '' . 
  how about he grow some balls and say who really is the reason for all of the tension in europe , russia . 
  tons of countries do huge trade with usa and that involves an ocean . 
  that was still poor . 
  up and down is normal but overall finland was still poor until after soviet union split apart . 
  soviet union did n't care about finland . 
  the land has nothing of value and the people are n't slavs and do n't speak russian . 
  finland remained independent because no one would have any reason to want the country in the first place other than a complete ego maniac that has to control the entire world . 
  ussr was already the largest country by a huge margin . 
  yeah i guess russia did n't invade ukraine . 
  the soldiers all got lost . 
  i did n't ? 
  how do you know ? 
  how did you manage to read it if your face is permanently implanted on putin 's ass ? 
  usa is n't the country lying about invading europe . 
  this also is n't about usa . 
  the article is about eastern europe and finland talking shit about stuff that does n't concern them . 
  when they join nato they are allowed an opinion that matters . 
  who the fuck is finland that they can tell other countries how to defend themselves ? 
  is finland giving a security guarantee to all of eastern europe ? 
  i guess it is much easier to criticize with open insults to the american flair than defending the actual article . 
  how do you attackthe guys that agree with me that have a finland flair ? 
  do you call them stupid americans as well while you are in autopilot ? 
  by the way , my very first sentence was involving something about the article . 
  do n't let the american hate rot your brain . 
  well at this point i would trust the word of hamas over russia . 
  hamas at least admits what it plans to do . 
  haha so i guess when other parts of ukraine are annexed it wo n't be annex just a reunification . 
  all of ussr is up for grabs with that logic . 
  i wonder how peaceful things would be of every country in europe and asia just started grabbing land using historical claims as justification . 
  you even trying at this point ? 
  bend over more . 
  what more do they need to do ? 
  what tensions are you easing by critizing a country that wants to defend itself and acting like a giant pussy to the country that invaded europe and lies about it openly to the world . 
  if you belonged in nato you would n't be walking on egg shells and kissing ass so much . 
  russia can do no wrong i guess , but so damn fast to criticize america , the country that is n't invading europe . 
  yeah i could have sworn you could in northern ireland . 
  it is damn complicated to have things vary so much . 
  which is absurd considering russia trades with other nato countries and would be broke otherwise . 
  finland complaining about how other countries want to be defended and claiming it is political is pure hypocrisy . 
  watching how quick everyone is to excuse russia after the fact on crimea and play dumb , it would be insane to trust russia on their word on anything . 
  it is a repeated pattern . 
  is there a karelian version of stockholm syndrome ? 
  haha . 
  you would n't have to hear about it if there was n't the royal navy parked in the chesapeake bay or more important forcing americans into navy . 
  i meant more in regards to anthem . 
  yeah i do prefer music from uk and usa from same time period , but i do think their music is nice as well . 
  i did n't . 
  i know the implication . 
  i also know plenty of bigger countries that do n't spend anywhere close to 2 % that could find a use for it . 
  having deals with russia in the first place like that one is a shit thing to do . 
  do n't forget the greeks . 
  i just assume swiss politics to be very controversial . 
  it is my impression that the west has n't done anything wrong here . 
  ukraine has flat out said they do n't want any military help . 
  has that changed ? 
  i thought countries like usa have said they view this as a proxy war by russia and do n't believe their supposed innocence and know they are using rebels as a cover for an invading force . 
  i thought handguns were allowed in certain countries of the uk ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  ca n't buy guns , only tanks . 
  watching youtube i would swear you could walk into any store and find aks in the aisle next to the track suits . 
  thanks for all that info . 
  your name also makes a lot more sense now . 
  i just assumed you really liked football and mirrors . 
  hopefully it all works out for the best for scotland . 
  seems beyond stupid to not offer more autonomy instead of essentially forcing scotland to leave . 
  do german politicians actually talk like this with no repercussions ? 
  is this something they say because of populist appeal and is shared by many germans ? 
  i am curious , how do you view this as usa helping ukraine ? 
  ah , i thought you would be considered a `` new '' country in regards to eu . 
  i also had the impression that scotland was much more pro-eu . 
  this might seem a bit stupid , but what is the benefit for an independent scotland belonging to eu ? 
  it is an island so travel requires a passport anyway and scotland would purposely be trying to keep the pound . 
  so no shared currency or borders .
