  as far as trade goes , usa can just as easily make trade deals with eu from the outside . 
  where would this leave scotland with nato as well ? 
  ussr had amazing music . 
  i do n't care what anyone says . 
  probably helps that i do n't understand the words though . 
  i completely missed that . 
  very easy to respect this god given right for russia to have a sphere of influence when you are outside the sphere . 
  how would scotland join eu ? 
  would n't they be forced into using euro by joining eu ? 
  i had the impression that euro is to be used by everyone and it was just a matter of when not if especially for new members . 
  thanks , finding out all kinds of info in this thread . 
  i did n't realize the population disparity . 
  pardon my ignorance , but i just lump all of the uk together . 
  i assumed the population was decently spread out on the island . 
  i can definitely see how scotland can end up feeling overlooked with such a difference in population . 
  scotland has so much of the land and close to no say . 
  i do n't know which way it will go , but i can at least understand the sentiment in wanting to leave . 
  the political system in the usa is probably skewed in the other direction where low populated states have a disproportionate amount of power behind them . 
  in the usa those people are called `` takers '' . 
  our gop candidate for president had a nice fundraiser that was made public without him realizing it where he basically told half the country to go fuck themselves and that all they care about is having the government give them money . 
  i did n't realize that kind of talk existed on both sides of the atlantic . 
  i 'm a bit confused on the bitter jock insult . 
  how is scotland screwed ? 
  are parliament members not done according to population ? 
  i am very clueless to internal politics of uk . 
  what in the world do these aristocrats do in germany now that they are n't royalty anymore ? 
  i like it . 
  * i like it . 
  damn straight . 
  punish their own citizens ? 
  sounds like something out of a north korea official press release . 
  snails are fucking delicious . 
  what the hell is `` on the west '' ? 
  oh , so i guess the weak economy of germany ca n't handle 2 % unlike the powerhouses of poland and greece ? 
  somehow uk manages just fine to keep above 2 % . 
  so , unless there is the threat of being kicked out , freeload with a train of excuses including referencing economies in the 1940s at every opportunity ? 
  this is why there will never be an eu military . 
  just a bunch of countries trying to fuck each other over at every opportunity by one upping each other . 
  it is a mutual defense treaty , but all these countries just putz around saying who gives a shit i ca n't be punished for it and the other countries protect me . 
  if that is n't selfish freeloading i do n't know if anything is . 
  you have a country like spain that says fuck it and cut their military more and more , but then they cry about taking care of illegal immigrants from africa . 
  why should anyone in eu care when spain proves very effectively that they do n't give a shit about anything that happens in eastern europe ? 
  it is only `` team '' when it is asking for everyone else to help you . 
  by the way . 
  that crisis affects americans , too . 
  i did n't realize a crisis that also happens in usa is a good excuse to say we do n't want to spend on defense , let american tax payers take care of it for us so we can have other things we want . 
  wwii being used as an excuse for free loading on budgets in 2014 . 
  k. where are these war torn areas in western europe ? 
  why are countries that were behind the iron curtain able to meet the agreed upon goal ? 
  please do n't waste delicious pigs . 
  and how would writing off all of europe help usa ? 
  that would mean one country owning the whole continent . 
  leaving an alliance also is an excellent way to lose influence . 
  taking your ball and going home does n't improve anything . 
  if anything usa has the most to complain about in regards to nato . 
  it would n't be `` an anglo club '' if everyone were n't such cheap bastards that freeload with pride . 
  the exceptions to this prove the rule . 
  i do agree with you but give credit where it is due . 
  i think poland and greece pay their share and all of the baltics are either projected to hit 2 % or are already there . 
  wrong . 
  some states literally get double the money they pay out . 
  they double the money off all the taxes they give to federal government . 
  it really pisses me off because those states have politicians who bad mouth rich states and talk about having to cut everything that is n't war and huge tax cuts for rich people . 
  meanwhile they are literally a welfare state living off federal pork . 
  tldr fuck today 's republicans in usa . 
  sorry i was n't clear . 
  i was trying to say that most of my family currently lives in europe and i am aware of ethnic identity . 
  how is this escalation ? 
  it was a regularly planned exercise and they are invited by the government . 
  it is an insurgency training exercise . 
  in fact the exercise has already been delayed and would have happened earlier . 
  why would estonia need an attack ship ? 
  look at how southern europe has to take on the refugee crisis by itself even though the whole eu shares borders and sweden ends up taking on a ridiculous percentage of refugees . 
  quite the team work . 
  not really sure how nations could be seen as meat shields when usa is almost the entire alliance . 
  honestly seems like a sweet deal for countries that are n't the usa . 
  united on all fronts with that one . 
  you do realize people emigrate to usa , right ? 
  i am very aware of how things are viewed in europe . 
  i have more family in europe then usa . 
  i am not angry . 
  i can find russian actions pathetic without being angry about it . 
  keep psycho analyzing people between breaks of apologizing for putin . 
  no , russia almost never pops in the news or mentioned by government . 
  even now . 
  no one gives a shit about that failed state . 
  that behavior is more appalling than the sinking itself . 
  oh my god !, 
  an online petition !, 
  now i am convinced . 
  you have more people in america that believe obama was born in kenya and is muslim in the span of thirty minutes than that stupid website has gathered in a decade . 
  but belgium is n't having civil wars or foreign countries invading . 
  canada also most definitely had multiple ethnic groups to deal with . 
  all of these issues are infinitely harder when you have russia for a neighbor . 
  they think they own all their neighbors and view democracy in foreign countries as an act of aggression on their precious ego . 
  usa is n't the country acting like an asshole in europe . 
  usa does n't even give a shit about that failed country . 
  they are concerned with relevant countries like our allies in eu and actual powers like china . 
  russia stopped being relevant in the 1980s . 
  why do n't you understand that this will lead to disasters like georgia ?
