  yes , you are making excuses . 
  are you fucking dense ? 
  i do n't give a shit about the bullshit propaganda that is coming out of russia . 
  they always think they are justified . 
  they have more gas than they could ever use . 
  they do n't even use it because it does n't sell for enough . 
  gas is very cheap in usa . 
  they would have marched to the atlantic if not for usa and their nukes . 
  they occupied east germany and treated it like a puppet . 
  they definitely invaded poland . 
  do n't forget the fun that czechoslovakia had as well . 
  eastern europe dictators ? 
  you are just excusing russia . 
  russia invaded because they lost their puppet president . 
  end of story . 
  the people snapped at his lies and does n't want to be a russian vassal forever and to trade with eu . 
  why should russia be able to control ukraine and leave it in permanent poverty ? 
  they have a right to prosperity . 
  eu has more to offer them . 
  fuck this apologizing . 
  i do n't care about their motives . 
  stop invading europe . 
  they operate as though they are a vast wnp pure and no one may dare touch the ussr that still exists in their mind and they are so confused why warsaw pact countries prefer the west . 
  edit : yes you are lying . 
  pushing propaganda about `` promises '' that nato is n't allowed to accept countries that are n't written anywhere . 
  just more bullshit from russia to excuse their naked aggression . 
  they are irrelevant with a bruised ego that takes it out on neighbors because they ca n't hit their real `` enemy '' of the usa . 
  just sounds like horrible options all around . 
  there seriously is no way for change in government without war and revolution , you think ? 
  russia has gone that far down the path of dictatorship ? 
  i am curious . 
  are there any maps that break down all these `` countries '' you speak of ? 
  i thought russians were an ethnic majority all over russia including even the far reaches of siberia . 
  are n't nukes also located all over russia ? 
  it would be strategically unwise to only have them in one location . 
  basically the same reason that ukraine had nukes when ussr broke apart . 
  how is a balkanized russia with nukes any better ? 
  solution is obvious ? 
  what solution ? 
  just sounds like whataboutism on your end . 
  i corrected you on lie about nato expanding that is always given as somehow an excuse for russian invasions of europe . 
  i did n't say usa was perfect , just calling out your lies . 
  well they do n't need to do anything officially . 
  the land is occupied by russian military for decades . 
  they will take it when it is joined by land to russia through odessa . 
  if you agree then stop spewing conspiracy theories that make apologies for russia 's imperialist behavior . 
  there was no promise . 
  there was no treaty anywhere . 
  russia ca n't even follow their own word when written on paper . 
  just look at bucharest memo . 
  do you see the part where he openly lied about his campaign promises ? 
  it was not a coup . 
  a coup is a quick armed revolt . 
  a coup literally happened in crimea . 
  there were protests for months over the conduct of the president . 
  he then reacted violently to it . 
  i repeat , russia does not get to decide the foreign policy of foreign countries . 
  they do n't get to tell countries how they defend themselves and threaten invasions of they disagree . 
  keep the ridiculous ideas you have . 
  i obviously wo n't change them . 
  the parliament did n't change . 
  there have been votes since . 
  the president was protested against because he was a liar about eu trade deal asks a huge crook . 
  no , russia does not get to control the lives of citizens outside russia 's borders . 
  they are not an empire . 
  they are delusional imperialists . 
  crimea belongs to ukraine . 
  this nato promise is a complete myth and fantasy . 
  they have been taking pieces since the 1990s . 
  just look at moldova . 
  you are free to believe what you want regardless of how absurd that may be . 
  nato is freely joined by countries versus by force invasions done by russia on a regular basis if anyone disagrees . 
  funded a coup ? 
  nato agreement that russia controls the foreign policy of foreign countries ? 
  referencing cuba from the 1960s as a comparison to 2014 russia ? 
  if i wanted/r/conspiracy i would go there . 
  you could n't be more ignorant to the situation . 
  those bonds were issued in the usa . 
  argentina was already fucked and could n't borrow internationally . 
  agreed i think eu needs a unified army to defeat american lizard people from taking over the world with gmo food that alters our dna . 
  yeah because it is up to everyone else to disprove conspiratards . 
  usa has repeatedly told europe to stop mooching especially the rich countries . 
  because putting nukes in cuba to point at usa is the same as ukraine wanting to trade with eu and being torn apart as a country by russia . 
  usa has protected countries all over the world . 
  they come when asked . 
  you sure on that one ? 
  pretty positive it flipped and vw bought porsche . 
  why do you i used audi as an example ? 
  i was pointing out that vw makes cheap cars and should n't compete against themselves . 
  you realize that engine is just an option , right ? 
  the wanted to make the car cheaper to grab people who bought cars based on cheap to run and good gas mileage . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  the new generation of engines that just released has tons of new tech in it with both the 1.8 and 2.0 . 
  giving options is n't a bad thing . 
  vw also is n't audi . 
  what are you expecting out of cheap commuter cars ? 
  how do you mean ? 
  you worry about usa abandoning nato countries ? 
  they are not allies . 
  china has openly stated that crimea belongs to ukraine .
