  georgia has a veto at un right and all the nukes from ussr correct ? 
  and the capital of ussr was in georgia ? 
  poor oppressed russians under the thumb of georgia and ukraine . 
  i am shocked at that revelation . 
  tough talk coming from a country that profits from selling out their buffer states and only cares about itself and has politicians who set national policy on being anti-usa instead of being pro-something . 
  i just always get the impression that there are plenty of people from finland that are willing to make excuses for russia no matter what they do and act superior to countries like ukraine . 
  just look around here and see how often someone from germany or finland bitches about how ukraine is n't their problem and they should n't hurt themselves just to become a usa puppet as though an aggressive russia is n't europe 's problem but just america inventing things . 
  how do you explain the low poll numbers for nato ? 
  only one country threatens finland . 
  it is n't the us using military forces to bully europe . 
  if a country does n't join nato usa does n't do anything negative . 
  if a country in the east looks towards nato or eu they automatically get punished and threatened or invaded . 
  if finland was filled with people that want nato i do n't doubt nato would welcome finland in no time . 
  nato however does n't need a country if they are just going to make excuses for russia all day while russia is literally invading europe . 
  i wish your opinion was the clear majority . 
  but what about amerikkka ?!, 
  i am definitely not defending any extremist acts or violence . 
  i just do n't think it justifies treating people with hatred wholesale . 
  criticizing a government is more acceptable to me . 
  a government represents a large group and should have much higher standards . 
  what do you think , people are asking a person 's religion before they hate them ? 
  or maybe they are hating on all arabs and turks and maybe some persians in general ? 
  at that point they are just naming bordering countries . 
  it is n't called finlandization for nothing . 
  i also realize finland is n't one person . 
  if finland as a country was committed with a big majority and a clear mandate for their politicians to join nato i would welcome it with zero reservations . 
  i would n't care about politics and would bribe putin to stay in safe circle . 
  but i would also try to run serious industrial business . 
  hire european engineers and make industry strong so russians can buy russian food with pride . 
  hopefully my bribes would maybe have putin make me a poster boy of russian pride . 
  when dealing with corruption , i guess do the best you can in a fucked up system . 
  if it somehow helps create a russian middle class of productive citizens who are proud of their work and can feel they are equals to western europe i would feel like i accomplished something in improving my country . 
  i honestly do n't hate russians . 
  it is depressing to see how far they have fallen . 
  my only issue with the country is that they think maps are only suggestions . 
  ah , well , i did n't say it had to involve politics . 
  i simply said i wondered why there are n't oligarchs in russia trying to make russia a great and industrious country instead of just robbing it blind . 
  their name would live forever in the minds of russians and in history books versus some mafia piece of shit that just fucked around on yachts all day having sex with whores in london while robbing all of russia . 
  if i was a billionaire , i could never spend all that money . 
  i would try to use the money to accomplish things that leave a legacy to be proud of . 
  russians have such a rich history . 
  i would be ashamed to be so rich after russia has fallen so far and not try to contribute in turning it around . 
  not the same . 
  military alliances do n't share laws . 
  usa does n't share currency with saudi arabia or have free visas . 
  not all muslims are like this . 
  if you act racist towards all muslims , you end up dropping to that level . 
  treat the criminals like criminals and leave it at that . 
  usa does n't give a shit about kosovo . 
  i sure as hell do n't . 
  i do n't care if all of yugoslavia was still together and led by a serb so long as there was n't genocide happening right in the middle of europe . 
  what makes you think usa actually cares or thinks about serbia ? 
  i do n't mean that as an insult either . 
  serbia can do whatever they want so long as it does n't involve genocide . 
  that seems like a pretty easy rule . 
  i do n't give a shit or hate serbians . 
  i was only making jokes at the expense of the crazy nationalists who jerk off to greater serbia and praise russia as russia fucks over other `` slavic brothers '' . 
  apparently ukrainians are turkic or something now . 
  strange how 5 different countries can be friendly with each other in the arctic but a sixth one sticks out and how it is always easy to guess which country has problems . 
  does that translate in english ? 
  in america i 've always heard it as five drinks or more in a day . 
  so i guess just drink 4 before and after midnight . 
  i had to look that up . 
  no one was trying to kill civilians . 
  i know that does n't bring them back to life and the whole situation sucks . 
  usa and nato was forced to action by serbian government . 
  usa did n't want anything to do with the balkans . 
  i preferred your seven wonders answer , but this was good for a laugh as well . 
  well i always assume emigrants of any country are an awful sample since they are a rare demographic in every case . 
  if russia consisted of only russian immigrants in the usa or eu europe would n't be in this current mess and ukraine would be safe . 
  yeah , just what we need , a liability that is filled with citizens that make excuses for all of russia 's actions and willingly throws other countries under the bus . 
  i thought russia allows foreign language media in russia but just restricts it in russian which of course makes it a very limited audience that is already likely eu friendly anyway . 
  do n't you have rules against digging holes over there to prevent wwi reenactments ? 
  only country i know that is proud of ditch digging as their main industry when not playing the role of russia 's pet chihuahua . 
  must be embarrassing to be a normal and civilized serb surrounded by these animals . 
  do n't you start this bullshit until i get my popcorn . 
  1999 , best year of my life . 
  are there lots of toxic waste dumps leaking into the water in serbia ? 
  i am trying to figure out where the stupidity and rage issues come from . 
  denmark , just biding time and looking for excuses . 
  that clears up a lot . 
  thanks for the info . 
  it is bad , but not as bad as i thought . 
  how about just a random mechanic or baker or whatever . 
  are they really restricted from entering the country if they leave ? 
  i already heard about state employees being restricted . 
  usa makes more food than they could possibly ever eat . 
  they only import if it is something that ca n't be grown or fished in the us . 
  might as well try selling corn to america . 
  so how about usa ? 
  are they only allowed to be allies with other super powers ? 
  i think putin is doing a fine job on his own of spreading anti-russian attitudes . 
  i also think suicide is a preferable option to commenting on youtube arguments . 
  i had no idea the bureaucracy was that awful . 
  could you explain why russia would restrict entry into their own country from russian citizens ? 
  how easy is it to travel for say an american to russia and to travel inside of russia once they arrive ? 
  feel free to read the declaration of independence at any point to see how wrong you are . 
  also that document is older than most of the countries in the eu . 
  what ? 
  why is it hard if you want to return to russia ?
