  oh , well that is quite the positive from a politician when their motto is about things always being able to be worse . 
  child like stories ? 
  what stories ? 
  i asked very simple questions . 
  which country broke the memo ? 
  seems like a very simple question to answer . 
  which country is invading europe and lying about it ? 
  which country pushes only propaganda as a rule and has huge censorship ? 
  feel free to correct me or enlighten me and i will gladly listen . 
  to be fair , he is a moderator of many subs that allow you to discuss how usa is a nazi government and other great like-minded discussions . 
   `` we have no reason to fear ukraine , '' declared alexander kruglov , a vehemently anti-ukrainian deputy from sevastopol , to his colleagues . 
  `` there are 80,000 russian cossacks ready to defend crimea . '', 
  nothing new here . 
  russia ready to cause instability on the border on a moment 's notice . 
  i hate that there is never any good news whenever portugal comes up in the news . 
  oh well , that way you do n't need to untrain the bad habits from other companies and can mold him right from the gate . 
  zero corruption i am sure . 
  in fact it would have been better to grab him even before college . 
  any chance you could expand on that ? 
  but in my mind , breaking a partnership is a stronger statement than breaking a friendship . 
  although i am glad i have the actual translation either way . 
  no , thanks . 
  russia can have russia . 
  no need to give a real reason for them to feel threatened . 
  who gives a shit about what happens inside of russia , the only concern is how they think borders are negotiable on month to month basis . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  i would love for mexico to be a nicer country and i hope more and more trade with usa and raised standard of living makes things improve across the board for mexicans . 
  i however do n't need to worry about mexico invading southern california or sending rebels into central america to liberate some extra territory . 
  i have issues with turkey as well , but they are n't a danger to the outside world . 
  i guess you have a point there . 
  i only knew she was from gdr . 
  thanks . 
  i find that kind of stuff interesting . 
  well i would n't know if you are obsessed or not to be fair on my end . 
  i just found it amusing that you claim to speak for americans and their feelings especially since the country has over 300 million people . 
  also why should america just absorb a hit and not punch back ? 
  i would expect the eu to do the same . 
  i do n't want anyone thinking they can get away with any shots at usa or any of their allies . 
  of course when i say allies , i mean real allies not those piece of shit governments like saudi arabia . 
  the visas boggle my mind . 
  that is n't how treaties work . 
  usa had a conversation supposedly that is n't in writing and it is binding ? 
  when did the government of usa ratify it ? 
  when did all of nato vote on it ? 
  russia ca n't even follow things they put in writing . 
  sorry but no the policy of the biggest and most powerful countries in the world do n't get dictated by a he said she said from decades ago . 
  nato has flat out said that it is false . 
  well who the help would trust russians ? 
  ask ukraine if you can trust them . 
  did they not break the memo ? 
  where is the lies i am saying ? 
  i will listen . 
  russia has been openly lying about ukraine this whole year . 
  because you are saying ussr only invaded europe because of german aggression . 
  this was completely false . 
  edit :  but the soviets marching to the atlantic would have been a direct consequence of the nazis ' war against the soviet union in the first place , sure sounds like you are making excuses for any of their actions by saying to blame germany since they started everything . 
  ussr was just as culpable . 
  they were invading chunks of europe on their own as well . 
  what countries had nukes ? 
  only the names change . 
  corruption stays the same . 
  if even the germans end up pissed off , russia has really burnt their bridges . 
  what do you think openly lying about involvement is ? 
  they take merkel for an idiot . 
  nazis ' war against ussr ? 
  they started allied to each other . 
  how is france responsible for german aggression . 
  germany and ussr double cross each other and somehow that would justify ussr occupying france ? 
  what ? 
  no treaty ? 
  then it means nothing . 
  russia definitely treats even a memo that is in writing like toilet paper so why should a conversation that supposedly happened be rule of law ? 
  feel free to point out where i said anything that was inaccurate . 
  you are one that claimed the yanks are upset they do n't rule every piece of the planet . 
  very true . 
  let us reward russia for good behavior . 
  russia also is n't japan . 
  japan had no resources to themselves . 
  great analogy . 
  no one in the west is doing any favors for china . 
  yes , that must be it . 
  i wonder what it is like to be so obsessed with people that do n't spend even a second thinking about you in return . 
  europe wo n't do anything that hurts gdp . 
  they just care about business deals . 
  russia suffered zero consequences for invading crimea and even the sanctions that did happen were only from plane crash and are n't serious . 
  russia did stronger self sanctions than eu did . 
  i imagine putin will be in power until death . 
  what ? 
  usa did not try to get falklands handed over . 
  they have military support to uk . 
  reagan offered naval support . 
  usa was also heavily involved in wwii almost a year before they joined officially . 
  also this was before usa was a huge world power and nato existed . 
  yeah , afghanistan rebels that fought ussr are not al qaeda . 
  go ahead and point out this treaty that said nato ca n't accept countries . 
  try telling poland they ca n't be protected because some supposed conversation happened 20 years ago with no proof involving one nato country . 
  edit : never mind you are a nutter that thinks the jews and monsanto run the world and nato need to be disbanded . 
  all of them fell when soviet union fell . 
  he lied on campaign promises . 
  people elected him to align with eu .
