  i mean , so long as you declare and check it , it should be ok . not like it is a container of liquid or nail clippers . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  once again , do you have any proof for yalta being a sellout other than butt hurt nationalists that love being victims ? 
  actual proof that the ussr was going to leave ? 
  the ussr broke their promises of free elections . 
  yet the biggest and most powerful country in eurasia was `` allowed '' to act as if the only thing that matters in the world is what the usa says . 
  siding with nazis would change nothing . 
  the ussr reached poland and no one else . 
  i am not illiterate . 
  ussr was not going anywhere and had massive military presence . 
  amazing that you blame the usa instead of the ussr . 
  not only do you blame the usa but you also deny the cold war pretty much existed and the ussr just committed suicide one day just because . 
  do you have any sources that claim the ussr would have gladly returned to their border after yalta that is n't some polish nationalist ? 
  you are talking about something that does n't exist other than history . 
  would you take in prussian or norse refugees as well while we are talking hypotheticals that are n't relevant ? 
  well no one likes being conquered . 
  who is revising anything ? 
  i am pointing out that it is idiotic to blame the usa for poland being invaded . 
  i ca n't even fathom how anyone can blame the usa for that . 
  the ussr defeated itself . 
  i guess it had no outside influence at all . 
  this is definitely not revisionist at all . 
  this is absurd bad history at its finest . 
  feel sick all you want . 
  you did n't sacrifice a thing . 
  do you want a medal or something for being born polish ? 
  what did you do in the war ? 
  poland was attacked by powerful countries and instead of actually blaming those countries you get bitter at random countries around the world instead . 
  who do you want to get mad at next ? 
  maybe you can swear up and down at switzerland for not saving poland ? 
  you are so far gone with your twisting of history it is impossible to even reason with you . 
  so far you are claiming that the ussr voluntarily committed suicide and that everyone forgot to ask the ussr to leave at yalta and no one thought of that idea and it was totally feasible . 
  at the end of the day , it is each country 's own responsibility to defend its borders . 
  if they ca n't do it , blame themselves , not their allies . 
  you should blame your invaders and yourselves first before blaming countries on the other side of the planet . 
  yes , the poor victim of poland 's biggest ally . 
  you want to blame someone for what happened to poland in wwii ? 
  start with poland . 
  they did n't defend themselves . 
  how the hell is it the fault of a country in the other hemisphere ? 
  you are playing the role of poor martyr that everyone loves to fuck over including allies . 
  people died trying to liberate your country from hitler and the usa spent half a century trying to defeat a superpower along with its many allies . 
  instead of you being angry with the people that actually fucked you like nazis and the soviets you lash out at the people that actually helped the country . 
  if anyone is being a cunt here , it sure is n't me . 
  yes and france is in nato as well but they are n't dropping nazi insults towards germany , now are they ? 
  i am glad no one ever has to look far to find a bitter pole who enjoys revisionist history when wwii is mentioned . 
  it is such a bizarre combination of pride and role playing the victim . 
  i 've never been able to find any myself , but i 'd be shocked if the vast majority did n't vote republican . 
  i was asking what exactly a western style ghetto is supposed to look like . 
  i have never heard that phrase before . 
  i am not sure why it is unique and ca n't happen in eastern europe . 
  ha , oh yes , ussr simply had to be asked to not occupy half of europe and they would have taken their things and gone home . 
  why did n't anyone think of this earlier ? 
  germany seemed to love the ever living shit out of poland about 70 years ago . 
  could n't get enough of poland . 
  what in the world makes you think it is any different for other countries ? 
  these are bizarre defenses . 
  that does n't define a ghetto though . 
  interesting read though . 
  no , i just mean that police in general are typically very very conservative regardless of country . 
  what exactly is a western style ghetto ? 
  i have nooooo idea . 
  i am surprised it is n't higher . 
  did you finish grinding your ax ? 
  only one country is wrong and it is argentinia . 
  some people just flat out do n't want to be helped . 
  i get uncomfortable of a situation where it could turn into forcefully institutionalizing people in order to `` help '' them . 
  i suppose i would just like help being made available and for there to be awareness that the help exists . 
  well , i mean , it will never be an `` equal '' partnership when canada is dwarfed by the usa . 
  i like canada and am glad that relations are so close . 
  well , are they wrong when the bar in that region is so low ? 
  should people bash turkey at every oppurtunity instead ? 
  what are outsiders supposed to do ? 
  the word does n't have an exact meaning , so yes . 
  that the uk is isolating itself and allies do n't agree it is a good idea . 
  you are not describing anything unique though . 
  it is a bad analogy . 
  ukraine is a democracy inside of europe that is actively pursuing eu . 
  if you live inside of a shelter then you are n't a traditional homeless person . 
  unfortunately , some homeless people refuse the help of shelters . 
  i do n't really know what you are supposed to do with someone like that . 
  i forgot the exact details . 
  he does n't speak for the whole country . 
  i mean i support him in general , but fuck argentinian aggression . 
  thatcher did nothing wrong . 
  north korea wants to join eu ? 
  are their votes worth less ? 
  what is your point ? 
  what was his stance on that ? 
  you think the uk is being threatened by the usa ? 
  really blowing things out of proportion , no ? 
  i absolutely do n't take the stuff said online seriously . 
  the minority always screams the loudest . 
  i know this is a random example , but i actually lived with a bunch of french chemists that were in the usa working as part of their schooling and they were easily some of the coolest people i 've ever been around . 
  they were very positive about the usa regardless of all the joking around we would do back and forth . 
  they ended up teaching me a bunch of things to never say around french women as well as is custom . 
  i openly admit bashing russian government is a hobby of mine on here , but i get really annoyed when people attack russians just because they are russian right off the bat . 
  i am jealous of that traveling . 
  i 've only been to canada , portugal and spain myself . 
  sadly bills and job get in the way .
