  i am so sick and tired of usa protecting these monsters . 
  they ride that holocaust crutch and play victim for half a century . 
  this government is indefensible . 
  it is full of cocky blow hards that bully the region . 
  the government literally blockades gaza at every point and blocks even food and medicine . 
  and usa defend them in un . 
  they need to be exposed . 
  they even act like they run shit with how they act towards the usa as well . 
  their ego is infinite . 
  come on eu . 
  follow sweden 's lead . 
  usa is too beholden to israeli lobbyists to do shit on their own . 
  fair enough . 
  everything was upgraded internally while keeping the frame . 
  yeah academics were seen very favorably . 
  they all got free rides to siberia . 
  oh god . 
  how naive are you ? 
  war will never stop . 
  never . 
  actually usa has old bombers as well . 
  it is n't just b-2s . 
  they have ancient b-52s with upgrades . 
  fuck these guys . 
  they went to throw insults at europe and act like any criticism is anti semitism on a regular basis ? 
  they can go fuck themselves . 
  i would love to know how they defense their settlements constantly built and long term goal of eliminating any chance for palestine to exist at all in any form all while denying the ability for palestinians to return to their homeland . 
  dude , no one is bombing anywhere for fun . 
  stop your nonsense . 
  what are you even talk about ? 
  also , what country are you even referencing instead of all this vague talk ? 
  yes truly a slave to the eu through a voluntary trade deal . 
  that compared to being invaded . 
  you do a wonderful job of maintaining perspective . 
  you are correct . 
  best part was he used to represent a huge union himself . 
  that actually sounds nice . 
  because the invasion happened in relation to eu . 
  why are you ignoring facts ? 
  it was strictly because of eu dealing with ukraine . 
  russia should not be given the ability to make countries their slaves . 
  it also should not be encouraged or recognized . 
  sanctions are rightly deserved . 
  your smug apology truly melts my heart . 
  having a military that is well funded is a deterrent . 
  why do n't you realize that ? 
  and stop with the bullshit that a military only exists to bomb the middle east for fun . 
  they were drawing down in europe until putin acted up . 
  how about a map of what is recognized by almost the entire planet ? 
  fuck fifa and their open endorsement of slave labor . 
  christ . 
  just shut up . 
  i am right . 
  stick your shilling nose elsewhere . 
  you have issues . 
  you also sure seem concerned with shilling bullshit putin opinions in ukraine conflict and defending crimea invasions as part of russian land for someone that does n't believe in states . 
  are you speaking as an israeli now ? 
  there is no agreed upon borders . 
  that is very different . 
  almost the entire world rejects russian invasions and annexations . 
  pushed palestinians into the sea . 
  you are using your flair to give your bullshit opinions more credence . 
  not recognized by the world . 
  and you are a blatant liar . 
  as a ukrainian ... eat a bag of dicks . 
  fuck off with your lying flair . 
  saying it is part of russia is political . 
  yeah i am sure that is your reasoning . 
  never mind that his statement required zero money and hampers uk in absolutely no way shape or form . 
  his comments . 
  hoping for genocide is disgusting . 
  i would be more than happy to see countries kicked out that think being a part if nato means free american protection while bitching about wasteful military spending . 
  of course those countries probably would n't care so long as usa protected buffer states with france and the uk . 
  sources ? 
  i will be more clear . 
  i mean countries claiming they want to be neutral on situations . 
  this is independent of respective alliances . 
  also sweden cooperates with nato . 
  i do n't care if the kayak could hear someone farting in beijing . 
  it was the blame of the dick in the chinese jet . 
  russians have a lot more experience . 
  there are plenty of countries that are the west that are not physically located west . 
  you should probably think more and speak less . 
  not enough brains to match the bravado . 
  sweden is n't neutral . 
  not sure why you use sweden as an example . 
  you want neutrality in action ? 
  look at kosovo in the late 1990s . 
  because your country pledged to . 
  there are rich people in your country that do n't benefit from giving out free healthcare to everyone or public schools and many other functions . 
  and yes war is totally done . 
  shut it down . 
  no one well ever fight a way for the rest of european history . 
  i do n't know if you are more entitled selfish or delusional . 
  i guess the military in ukraine defending their country is n't benefiting the people . 
  i suppose the jets from the uk during wwii were a waste of money unless you personally fly them . 
  also stop pretending it is we that are spending five times what russia spends . 
  take only eu spending then factor costs being cheaper in russia and russia is more organized . 
  you are taking credit for usa spending as am excuse to not spend your own money . 
  you are the worst type of ally .
