  none of that adds up to just europe alone . 
  the ussr was an evil government that needed to be wiped from the earth asap . 
  9-11 did n't cause massive up swell in recruits ? 
  i do n't recall the country blaming itself . 
  exactly . 
  everyone is equal and wrong . 
  you sure ? 
  because no one is forced to be allied with the usa yet the ussr trapped countries and people in their empire . 
  sea travel is always the most efficient . 
  sorry , tengri did . 
  my mistake . 
  if you think associating with russia improves your lot in life , be my guest to talk to some eastern europeans . 
  more like he is a dumb idiot . 
  cowering to china is disgraceful . 
  the uk is stronger as a leader inside of the eu . 
  i just saw fsa and chimed in . 
  i am not trying to say turkey and the usa are the same . 
  i mean , i know the usa has talked of supporting the fsa and no one is avoiding travel there because of it i would guess . 
  which girls do find less disgusting than white girls ? 
  lol, 
  you know you ca n't really say that without some basis behind it . 
  i was not aware that cops was a worldwide show so i misunderstood . 
  i am telling you that there are pockets inside of the usa that are very violent and police act accordingly . 
  the culture in these pockets celebrates treating police as the enemy so i have no idea what police are supposed to do if they intend on having any regard for their lives on a daily basis . 
  these are the types of places where you can have a random person walk up to a police car and open fire executing a complete stranger in cold blood because they are police . 
  how would you act in that environment ? 
  most of the country is extremely safe and the police are nice to everyone around them because they do n't feel like they are punching in the clock and going to a war zone every day . 
  watch a show like cops ? 
  what the hell makes you think watching boring interactions would make people watch television ? 
  would people watch car chases on television or stare at a random intersection of traffic of everyone following rules ? 
  glad there is no generalizing here for 300 million people or an entire profession . 
  almost the entire country has no issue with police . 
  it is a problem where police are trying to keep peace in places where people openly despise police and do n't cooperate and violence and drugs are everywhere . 
  police are obviously worried about their safety in a situation like that . 
  let me know when europe has entire groups of people that celebrate no snitching and then we can talk about community policing on a fair level . 
  what exactly are people supposed to do towards military they come in contact with ? 
  just how much contact do you think an american has with military in the first place unless they live near a base ? 
  they do n't operate inside of the borders . 
  i am not sure what i am supposed to do with police either . 
  i am generally polite to everyone . 
  if i am breaking a law the police did n't write said law . 
  getting angry at police accomplishes what ? 
  there does n't seem to be any logic at getting angry at someone for doing their job . 
  it would also be chaos if the police decided to all do their jobs based on laws they decide on their own . 
  and they get used interchangeably often . 
  i did n't make a sweeping generalization . 
  i made a statement of fact based on behavior in the last century . 
  yes and there is local , state , and federal government . 
  i mean , what exactly are citizens supposed to do towards their military ? 
  attack them ? 
  it is n't like there are tanks driving on the morning commute to work . 
  why would n't you be respectful to police ? 
  they are there doing a job which revolves around public safety . 
  it is not like either one of them act independently either . 
  it would be like attacking a tax collector because of your issue with high taxes . 
  ok this is a massive misunderstanding because the idea that the military , the courts , police , etc are not the government is completely foreign to me . 
  i think we are having a misunderstanding . 
  what do you consider the government ? 
  i am not referring to strictly lawmakers . 
  i do n't think you are paying attention to how much flak the government gets here then and how even government officials openly flaunt laws they do n't agree with and get cheered for it by sine if their supporters especially with social issues . 
  so who runs german courts ? 
  france ? 
  well there is a track record of following orders well . 
  how ? 
  they ca n't even keep from running out of ammo in libya . 
  i feel bad just looking at that compared to the hospitals i have where i live . 
  everything here is immaculate although not cheap that is for sure . 
  thank you . 
  i had no idea . 
  i just assumed being catholic means you are catholic . 
  this is like a weird hybrid . 
  is that an actual hospital ? 
  i love these . 
  absolutely stunning . 
  what is greek catholic ? 
  i have not seen that one in awhile . 
  i had no idea there was a wiki . 
  i hear russians talk about aggression and expansion towards russia as if they own all of europe and get to decide how other countries defend themselves . 
  well i think countries are responding to russian aggression and it is a reasonable course of action . 
  there are no countries that are aggressive to russia . 
  russia has not been invaded in 70 years and no one threatens to do it either . 
  so your proposal is disband military and throw hands up in the air ? 
  i have a hard time defending someone if they have zero regard for their own safety other than putting it on my shoulders . 
  well nothing is ever perfectly equal . 
  some country will always be weaker than the other . 
  no individual country in europe will be able to match russia . 
  diplomacy is just as much a part of a country 's defense as the military is . 
  i would think increasing spending on defense to defend your borders is incredibly important regardless of the usa 's position . 
  if i pay someone to murder you and give them the gun , am i not the problem ? 
  russia is a massive problem for europe . 
  they want a weak europe and want chaos because they ca n't improve on their own instead . 
  what do you mean by on their own ? 
  that is russia 's problem . 
  russia is so dedicated to being barbarians proving how stronk they are and insisting everyone else is a vassal that they never considered having good relations that do not depend on fear ands threats . 
  somehow the rest of europe manages to not invade each other while having just as much history of grudges and warfare with each other . 
  but as always russia is the victim . 
  except russia is already the largest country in the world and is not entitled to other countries they can want all they want but it is n't happening . 
  sorry if what i said sounded like an argument . 
  i was adding to you . 
  why are you talking about nukes ?
