  should france invest in a pre crime organization to control their population ? 
  you are wrong . 
  you realize no one invaded syria , correct ? 
  how clueless can you be to war ? 
  is that what invaders are called now ? 
  feminism absolutely is needed . 
  that does n't mean all feminists are right and can do no wrong . 
  it is absurd to think women are n't second class citizens in some aspects in western countries . 
  that does n't mean that there are n't issues that hurt men more either . 
  nothing is gained by listening to extremists on either end . 
  you saying the military should be attacking refugees . 
  it will likely never improve . 
  it is n't like no one has thought of that as a problem for decades . 
  that still forced hundreds of millions to vanish very quickly from their reserves . 
  sanctions have been a combined effort to punish russia from many angles . 
  you realize russia has dumped a ton of their money reserves to prop up their currency and to bail out state companies ? 
  i am not trying to paint a picture of russia having one foot in the grave . 
  i am simply trying to dispel this image of russia being all roses and even somehow improving from being sanctioned which is an absurd characterization of reality . 
  well , sounds like that is more of an issue with your politicians than with eu . 
  are you being serious right now ? 
  they sit on top of resources and you do n't need to pay conscripts . 
  soldiers just need to be fed . 
  please show me where sanders said usa would dismantle nato . 
  except that is n't accurate . 
  he is a social democrat . 
  vast difference . 
  you ca n't ignore the debt that is moved towards state owned companies . 
  that is essentially debt directly attributed to moscow . 
  if any company defaults on payments it would be treated as a blow to the russian credit rating . 
  ukraine just ca n't win lately . 
  so , um , do n't take the money . 
  you realize you ca n't take money and tell the people giving it to fuck off right ? 
  pick one . 
  what is a bookstore ? 
  i am just glad that for once the conspiracy does n't involve nato which is just code for the usa and is all about eu instead . 
  the only acceptable reason i will take is that he came straight from playing eu4 to comment here . 
  i absolutely agree with you on that , but they are a tiny minority of the total . 
  it is laughable when europeans freak out over immigration and then act jealous of the usa as though phds are crossing the rio grande in the middle of the night . 
  what in the world makes you think eu gives a shit about serbia ? 
  it is like a massive ego and victim complex wrapped into one . 
  as if top politicians in brussels absolutely must conquer a poor landlocked country in the balkans . 
  the only people that benefit are serbians with all the aid eu gives them . 
  also it is serbia that wants to join , not the other way around . 
  what makes you think that the usa does n't have millions of illegal immigrants that are uneducated and only doing basic labor ? 
  eu invasion ? 
  well , that is just one place to start , but yes . 
  nah , stalin is great russian hero unless they are downplaying the soviet ( definitely not russian ) horrors . 
  that does n't make the house worth more . 
  you are pointing out things that do n't matter . 
  what matters is the prices of recently sold units . 
  you are moving goal posts everywhere . 
  so if i point out better investments , they do n't count because of risk ? 
  then if i point out lower return investments , you tell me housing returns better . 
  grats , your logic makes everything someone says wrong . 
  no , housing is not guaranteed either . 
  looking at a house in front of you did n't make it safer in 2008 . 
  i can look at a stock portfolio every single day too . 
  otherwise people would be leaving in droves to ditch belgium so they can all live amazing lives in romania . 
  you know the opposite is true . 
  you are in denial of basic supply and demand . 
  people pay higher prices for real estate voluntarily because they see the value in it . 
  the end . 
  a house located in romania versus the uk makes it worse . 
  that does n't mean people ca n't like living there , but it definitely means the population at large prefers the uk . 
  that is n't true at all . 
  there are many investments that outperform real estate . 
  someone that owns a home is n't richer than a renter by default either . 
  some people do n't want to own a house . 
  you do n't get it obviously . 
  yeah , but that means they have to live in a place that no one wants versus a place that everyone wants . 
  but where you are able to live is a big part of that . 
  no fucking shit . 
  except you can live in a smaller house . 
  you are also clearly richer than someone that does not own a home . 
  how can you be so lost on this ? 
  yeah , and ? 
  as person acquired more money they also became more wealthy . 
  i wonder if there is a correlation between having money and wealth . 
  real estate is also about desired locations , so , no . 
  economics clearly proves you to be very wrong . 
  yeah , you can . 
  it is called equity loans . 
  you can also sell it at any point . 
  are you seriously going to claim a debt free home is the equivalent of someone renting a place ? 
  owning a home is fake ? 
  that is wealth by any metric . 
  yes , a shack in somalia is the same as a mansion in london . 
  please do . 
  that sounds interesting and a much better stat . 
  if you have debt , it balances out any wealth you might have . 
  if i take a mortgage out on a 400k home with nothing down , i did n't just jump 400k in wealth . 
  such a miserable troll . 
  no , i am saying you do n't represent finland because of a flair . 
  also your education about the usa is lacking . 
  the point is you speak for no one . 
  your statement is also wrong . 
  sorry , i meant the one concerning china . 
  where is your reasoning coming from ? 
  are you the head of state ? 
  no wonder they say the things they do about danish devils .
