  correct . 
  mom in the late 60 's then dad in the late 70 's . 
  life sucked under a dictator . 
  portugal was held back compared to rest of europe . 
  nice work . 
  what kind of rifle out of curiosity ? 
  way to maintain perspective . 
  downvotes are literal fascism . 
  i guess one mother-in-law was enough . 
  that has to be one of the worst stories i was told growing up . 
  how is this controversial ? 
  portugal 's economy would get wrecked if they left the euro . 
  people have been leaving portugal for decades though . 
  i know my family did . 
  by that standard usa is just as prepared as ever other country . 
  usa also just flips a switch and goes super saiyan with nationalism . 
  but the us would never use them . 
  they have conventional power that is overkill as it is . 
  who needs nukes when you can have done combing the field while dropping moabs everywhere . 
  no , the question is if you can read . 
  he specifically said nukes were a response to a technologically superior conventional force . 
  everything being stated here is in reference to a nuclear response to conventional weaponry . 
  no one is talking about russia owning icbms to use as response to usa . 
  we are talking about nukes used on a conventional army to make up for an inferior military as a way to scare the opposition into surrender and backing off . 
  do you think usa being carpet nuked is prevailing ? 
  well they also had forces that were highly mobile and numbered hundreds of thousands . 
  probably the scariest military on earth until the last hundred years with the world wars and then later with usa overkill . 
  last thing i want is russia gone and china becoming even stronger . 
  they are the ones that love his actions and make it possible . 
  he is n't unique as far as russian politicians exist . 
  there is a very obvious reason this . 
  these are the leaders russians love . 
  poland is always fucked even in victory . 
  maybe you get belarus as more open space to make up for fallout . 
  in all seriousness usa would be hit with more nukes than any other country . 
  i know i very likely would be dead along with everyone else in major cities . 
  do you understand sarcasm ? 
  he was calling you the person with a massive ego . 
  go fuck yourself you self centered asshole . 
  what makes the life of an american worth more than someone in the baltics ? 
  an ally is an ally , period . 
  would never ever happen . 
  latvia has zero to worry about . 
  usa would never abandon any nato member whether it is estonia or france . 
  if a president of usa said this usa would have their army vacationing in crimea as we speak . 
  was that first line necessary ? 
  i am fully aware of where europe is even if a new country pops up in the balkans every five years . 
  russia is n't mirroring anyone if they are the only country that advocates nukes as a response to tanks . 
  turkey sounds pretty fucked up based on these stories . 
  usa would never abandon them . 
  they fight to end or they lose their country for good and they would have americans at their side doing the same including nukes . 
  the whole point of usa having thousands of nukes is so every ally is safe under that umbrella . 
  if anything the baltic countries are safer than usa because usa would be the main target of nukes . 
  what do you think pearl harbor and 9-11 were ? 
  you do n't think nukes reach usa ? 
  are you seriously trying to get motivated germans ? 
  oh they are , but at this rate we will have 36 years of bush or clinton as president or vice president with 8 year break . 
  that kind of streak and it starts to be a dynasty . 
  do n't you mean from the bush or clinton families ? 
  i like how usa is your puppet master but the military is all old soviet hardware . 
  the way he talked , i thought ukraine discovered cloning of super nazis . 
  your military grows by like 100k a month . 
  that is kind of their thing . 
  it would be weird if they were n't . 
  usa would do the same if it were russians trying to do a no fly zone over saudi arabia or something . 
  i just an fed up with region . 
  whole area is a disaster . 
  you spend a trillion dollars freeing people and the first thing they do is try to kill each other . 
  that moment has long disappeared . 
  it is just fucked all around now . 
  even if the usa could have done it , the country is tired of expensive wars . 
  imagine if usa was drawn into syria with downed pilots and then stuff really got hot in ukraine all at once while isis was seiging baghdad . 
  would never happen . 
  western europe is too close to each other now . 
  most i would imagine is internal issues like spain . 
  islands are just cheating . 
  screw that . 
  i want nothing to do with syria . 
  every side sucks . 
  you just described every cameraman 's job at a sporting event . 
  so countries join nato otherwise usa will invade them ? 
  you think usa is threatening to nuke countries ? 
  i know russia has thousands of nukes but i do n't spend even a second worried they are going to nuke anyone . 
  i live in one of their targets and i still do n't worry . 
  you think countries like japan and south korea live in fear of usa ? 
  any ally that asks us military to leave gets accepted . 
  it just happened with iraq . 
  it has happened in central asia as well . 
  eastern europe asked for more us forces as part of nato as a show of force and usa moved forces there asap with no delay even if it costs a fortune . 
  usa maintains close economic ties with a lot of countries all over the world . 
  this benefits all parties . 
  that is the biggest reason for so many alliances , usa 's massive economy . 
  i love it . 
  this is better than north korean press releases . 
  i was trying to not make it about the usa . 
  you should know there is no fixing cyprus . 
  russia overdid it because they attacked georgia with overkill . 
  i also believe russia keeps other peacekeeping forces out , but i am not sure . 
  if you do want to talk about usa , yes they do n't do war halfway . 
  they either do n't get involved or destroy everything .
