  i also do n't think all russians are evil or any of that nonsense . 
  i have dealt with russians many times here . 
  other than being abrasive and trying to screw you on any business deals they seemed just as normal as any other person i have ever met . 
  i would much rather be sympathetic towards ukrainians versus concerning myself with the russians who cheer on the aggressions of putin . 
  where are all the massive protests from them ? 
  no , i was trying to say that even that ridiculous peace just lays the groundwork for more invasions to `` protect '' from western imperialism . 
  russia is n't leaving ukraine . 
  no way that putin does that . 
  i did n't accuse you of anything . 
  you think economic matters are irrelevant ? 
  i am asking as an ignorant outsider , but who would you then consider russia 's closest ally inside of eu ? 
  i keep reading that merkel is close to putin but then i will see stories about putin and his stupid dogs as an example . 
  yeah , sure , then it becomes another invasion due to lies from the west and to protect russia and ukraine from nato imperialism . 
  because if he was born in kenya , it proves he was installed by shadow government and is illegally president . 
  plus it is code for racism . 
  i honestly am past caring about native russians inside of russia . 
  they are the ones that celebrate putin and his actions . 
  they eat up his soviet lite actions . 
  they wish for ussr level relevancy . 
  they view themselves as victims when they `` keep peace '' in georgia and moldova and ukraine . 
  the politics in the usa is just garbage . 
  nothing but witch hunts and trying to shut down the government and people actually hoping for things like bad economy to help with election results . 
  i wish i could send all of the tea party to russia to join putin . 
  they would be a match in heaven . 
  they also regularly celebrate putin in the usa as what a real leader should be like unlike obama . 
  then they also complain that obama acts like a dictator and needs impeached . 
  same people saying both things . 
  i usually read fascist junta in kiev . 
  i wish i could understand russian . 
  i would be entertained endlessly by propaganda . 
  it is like watching fox news on steroids but without having the risk of suffering consequences with elections and laws from resulting propaganda . 
  amazing how it always ends up with key phrases being used endlessly when groups are fed conspiracies . 
  in usa it is more about obama being a muslim socialist from kenya . 
  what kind of `` peace '' is that ? 
  russia gets to steal land and decide another country 's foreign policy in exchange for a discount on gas ? 
  and russia gives up what ? 
  their god given rights to all land up to germany 's border ? 
  germany and russia sure have a knack for geography when they get together . 
  what is this about crucifying children ? 
  i am saying that ukraine was a rebellion by their citizens . 
  usa wants to have ukraine lean towards eu . 
  not a secret . 
  russia did . 
  giving financial aid is n't the same as invading government buildings and capturing and barricading bases . 
  i agree with your main point . 
  just a stupid talking point really . 
  there were no wars over the freedom of speech . 
  i do think 1812 was independence war round two . 
  you ca n't treat usa like a vassal by taking american citizens and force them into your navy to fight your wars . 
  the british were in dc as well . 
  only time that has happened . 
  even civil war never reached capital and capital is in the south . 
  war of 1812 . 
  americans were being conscripted into foreign military . 
  civil war threatened to tear country apart . 
  not all wars are about being completely taken over either . 
  i would say having to live under threat of random terror attacks is no way to live as well . 
  so what are the plans ? 
  just send over the blue helmets to the russian military already across the border ? 
  it has a very weird fan base to say the least . 
  relations with cuba would be a complaint of mine . 
  their timing of iraq invasion and how the after math was handled , but that is too late to fix . 
  which is why iraq is full of chinese and european businesses and why iraq is closer to iran than under saddam . 
  easy to throw the word naive around when you have no proof or statements of your own to counter points . 
  i asked a question since everyone wants to play whataboutism with usa while russia is taking over countries with invasions . 
  so that is fine , what about the usa ? 
  i am all ears !, 
  apples to apples . 
  so why does n't usa invade cuba and annex it ? 
  russia left their leased base . 
  you are n't allowed to seize government buildings and barricade army and navy bases because of a leased base . 
  even the iraq war was un sanctioned . 
  how the war was administered was atrocious but in the end it was iraq invading kuwait and not following treaties that led to the invasion . 
  afghanistan was also a defensive response . 
  usa does n't just take over countries . 
  even iraq is independent . 
  they kicked out usa military and usa said ok and left . 
  they are an ally nothing more . 
  they even deal with iran . 
  we do n't control them . 
  twisting what ? 
  they did n't invade and annex ? 
  russia was sanctioned prior or after their aggression ? 
  how are sanctions warmongering versus actual invasions ? 
  also , who the hell proposed war with russia anywhere ? 
  i am not defending the spying . 
  not in the least . 
  i do n't know the full story but i do n't like any of it . 
  the usa passing for solidarity in the eu helps the eu . 
  the usa is n't an enemy of eu . 
  they never will be . 
  usa has always been at the side of the french for hundreds of years as an example . 
  they have never gone against europe unless forced to . 
  you realize how easy it would be to have usa lead from start ? 
  pushing for eu to lead is a benefit to eu . 
  if bush was still around he would just jump in whether eu wanted to or not . 
  how is usa pushing for a stronger eu that is united a bad thing ? 
  i have no i 'll will towards any country in western europe . 
  i know usa is far from perfect . 
  i just think all of us benefit if we provide a united front against russia so they ca n't play countries against each other .
