  freedom of speech however does n't mean freedom from being treated like a pathetic piece of shit that holds bigoted beliefs . 
  it is truly criminal that people get discriminated by society for discriminating against groups of people . 
  you ca n't even murder gays in public anymore . 
  the nsa was n't secret . 
  the laws are n't passed secretly . 
  file sharing being shut down would only be due to piracy . 
  this matches up well with blogs being registered and censored . 
  all so they can catch american fascists . 
  russia is a police state full of willing peasants cheering for the next stalin . 
  keep being a racist bigoted shit . 
  i 'm sorry that government is out to get you . 
  you seriously have no issue with the law ? 
  you do n't see how absurd it is to be chasing american fascists on the wifi ? 
  they are openly instilling fear . 
  this is crazy joe mccarthy shit but even more extreme . 
  i am sorry if things like treating gays like they are n't people somehow makes those people feel discriminated . 
  i will shed a tear for you specifically . 
  what websites are shut down ? 
  there are websites where you can openly call obama a monkey socialist communist muslim from kenya that needs to be killed and nothing happens . 
  there are people making millions on public tv and radio that talk about how awful the government is on an hourly basis and get rich from it instead of killed . 
  go ahead and tell me the media all around the world is just like russia . 
  yeah , just look at all the people who get murdered for giving different views . 
  i realize the amount of destruction . 
  i am saying there were other countries that were rebuilt very early on the other side of the iron curtain and thrived immediately . 
  look at west germany . 
  i blame the soviets . 
  even more so because they invaded poland themselves , but they were on the `` good '' side . 
  yeah , i do n't blame the country . 
  just more disgusted with stalin 's priorities . 
  the country obviously needed help . 
  i guess my definition of skeptic is less encompassing than yours to be fair . 
  i do n't think anyone should treat an institution like it is perfect . 
  i consider them the people who make up lies and sit around taking about how the one world government is going to get you . 
  there are many like this in the usa and they speak proudly and publicly with zero irony . 
  ha , no those do n't exist . 
  sorry , but no one is needing to enter their passport and name to use public wifi . 
  obama most definitely does n't talk about the government being taken down by american fascists either . 
  websites are shut down in the usa for things like child porn , not criticizing the government . 
  journalists also are n't killed for speaking either . 
  you are on an american website right now that has no personal information . 
  it being completely illegal to ever be on the internet anonymously is absolutely crazy . 
  please explain how the nsa knows who you are if you log on in a random library with a laptop or tablet and never use your name . 
  also , let 's just completely ignore that you get killed for not going with the party line , right ? 
  do n't confuse expertise or income with education . 
  there are doctors who do n't believe in evolution and lawyers that believe in creation stories . 
  well those houses sure are simpler than that building . 
  there also is n't any houses that take years to build . 
  entire developments with houses that are worth hundreds of thousands pop up all at once in under a year all across usa on a regular basis . 
  the biggest skyscrapers in the world take less than a decade to build . 
  all of western europe was rebuilt along with south korea and japan even stronger than before the carnage almost instantly . 
  great way to avoid the rest of the comment by saying even more anti semitic bullshit . 
  i told you specifically why you were wrong and pointed out you are crazy and racist at the same time . 
  `` we are talking about safety . 
  going information war . 
  anonymous internet connection in public areas allows illegal activities with impunity . 
  find the intruder can be very difficult . 
  americans are afraid of war , now it is best to fight in the information space . 
  those who are interested in the destabilization attempt to saturate the network of fraudsters , fascists and extremists . 
  everything connected to the internet , should be identified , '' - said the deputy 's opinion . 
  \u041e\u0440\u0438\u0433\u0438\u043d\u0430\u043b \u0441\u0442\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0438 : http://russian.rt.com/article/44390#ixzz39lpex9t7 just fucking hilarious . 
  you ca n't even parody russia anymore . 
  what a country . 
  i could only imagine usa military deployed with spanish only battalions . 
  i 'm curious , why would n't you consider russia or china to have a blue water navy ? 
  they both have aircraft carriers and subs . 
  you are joking right ? 
  why would you put uk behind the french ? 
  uk can easily project power . 
  they have teamed up with the usa on multiple occasions and all help is appreciated fully even if i do n't agree with some of the operations myself . 
  uk has fielded a large army abroad for huge stretches without missing a beat . 
  they are very capable in every sense of the word . 
  i do n't think it is fair to mention countries that have nukes . 
  it is n't like spain needs to come up with nukes of their own . 
  anyone that is in nato has zero worries by default in that department . 
  how can you have a city in ruins a decade later ? 
  that looks so nice in that picture , so long as you ignore all the rubble surrounding it . 
  i mean it is absurd to have a vote of no mean something can never be voted on ever again . 
  it was n't even the same amendment . 
  there were changes . 
  by the same token , laws are repealed as well . 
  there is n't anything that stops a country from adding an amendment to their constitution that specifically repeals a prior one . 
  usa has done that very thing with the banning of alcohol . 
  that whole train of thought sounds crazy to me and i agree with you . 
  just a bunch of politicians fanning the flames . 
  well , the only promises are what is in the amendment and that is what the vote is on . 
  politicians can say whatever they damn well please , but when it comes time to vote , you are voting on what is written . 
  the eu did n't invent politicians who lie . 
  what is the issue with voting on something more than once especially years apart and with changes ? 
  i know in the usa things go up for votes repeatedly . 
  thank you for the extra information . 
  i think scepticisms can trend towards conspiracies and nut jobs . 
  i was harsh in labeling the entire group . 
  i would like more info about that treaty so thanks again . 
  there is no such thing as direct democracy regardless that i am aware of . 
  anyone can leave at any point as well . 
  every country benefits as a whole . 
  who has suffered under the eu ? 
  yeah , but the other side is russians and they are well known for being very objective with their facts and media . 
  rt is probably the greatest news around . 
   uneducated euro-sceptic redundant , no ?
