  budapest memorandum is in writing . 
  does russia give a shit about promises that are very explicit ? 
  fuck , no . 
  russia does n't get to tell other countries how they can defend themselves . 
  too fucking bad . 
  would n't bother me any . 
  1580 , i do n't forget what i was taught in school . 
  uh ... that has nothing to do with anything done by usa . 
  are you asleep the past year ? 
  russia invaded ukraine because of them wanting to deal with eu . 
  usa had nothing to do with anything in ukraine . 
  russia is the country that is forever stirring shit with eu and makes eu an enemy for russians to rally around . 
  go ahead , i 'm fucking dying to know how russia invading countries over eu trade deals somehow involves usa and how eu has nothing to do with anything . 
  ok , afghanistan was n't for no reason . 
  it was an attack on taliban for 9-11 . 
  libya was n't even led by usa , there was already a civil war there . 
  you had a dictator openly slaughtering his own people . 
  iraq was stupid because there was horrible planning for what happens after . 
  it was a huge failure . 
  what does any of that have to do with russia though ? 
  russia gets involved in middle east as well . 
  they have been involved in syria by supplying support to assad this whole time . 
  where are you making the jump that attacking the taliban in afghanistan has anything to do with russia ? 
  what does defensive missiles protecting against iran have to do with russia ? 
  i 'd say 2000 until 2008 was full of really really bad ideas . 
  there was literally people buying houses that they could barely afford to pay even the interest on and banks were giving loans for this nonsense . 
  and the goal was to sell it before the grace period on skipping principal ended and move into an even bigger house from all the huge profits . 
  i felt like i was surrounded by a country full of drunks . 
  i guess the end goal was every american was living in a mansion . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  i was constantly told houses always go up . 
  they are n't risky like stocks , blah blah blah . 
  so , all those houses were foreclosed on , banks crashed , hurt credit , businesses lost money , had to cut back , no more construction jobs , people losing jobs left and right , service jobs losing customers because those customers do n't have money anymore , downward spiral . 
  it was 2008 and las vegas is still fucked today because it was the biggest boom place as far as bigger metro areas go . 
  this affected lots of cheap areas in florida too where no one lived and people just started building expensive houses as investment properties . 
  there were entire towns that were filled with hardly any residents and were mostly investment properties . 
  fort myers is a good example of this . 
  tldr america got drunk and stupid on easy bank loans , entire world got fucked . 
  yeah , it is almost like you are a russian apologist . 
  how blind do you have to be to see all the opportunities russia has been given to de escalate . 
  in case you did n't know , eu is russia 's enemy . 
  you do n't have a choice in the matter . 
  russia has decided eu is the enemy . 
  they can try to scapegoat it by saying usa is also to try to divide and conquer the eu , but in the end putin just wants a weak and impotent eu . 
  russia does n't want to cooperate , putin just wants to dominate . 
  ukraine has a lot more potential than russia does , because russia is a lost cause . 
  because land was cheap . 
  the place had a very low population for most of usa 's history because no air conditioning and lack of infrastructure . 
  people moved there because of the year round nice weather now that the heat was manageable . 
  that whole housing crisis hit the region the hardest . 
  las vegas could n't grow fast enough . 
  all those houses getting built meant tons of construction jobs and the service jobs from population growth . 
  people were absolutely drunk on real estate back then . 
  it was ridiculous . 
  now you ca n't dump property in vegas to save your life short of giving it away . 
  and i have n't eaten him yet . 
  he is far too reactionary and i do n't want an upset stomach . 
  ok , who is usa invading for starters and why does usa need nato to expand because of it ? 
  it is much easy to say crazy and stupid shit than to actually explain your thoughts to people . 
  it is fucking stupid how many people in usa moved to the desert . 
  such a first world problem . 
  there are countries where people in poverty are starving and have no access to water and then you have americans moving away from these things by leaving their towns to move into areas that ca n't survive without massive irrigation infrastructure and still want bullshit like perfectly manicured lawns in the middle of a desert . 
  the fights over water in the southwest are pure insanity . 
  and yes , one of the fattest and richest countries in the world is in danger of cannibalism because of stories of natives from thousands of years ago . 
  are you saying finland is doing something along the lines of the north korean government ? 
  you do realize the difference , right ? 
  you think eu sanctioning russia for invading ukraine is the same as russia threatening war for a country deciding how to defend itself ? 
  has russia been paranoid for so long that now it is seen as normal ? 
  spain 's biggest security threat is their own citizens if you asked the government in madrid . 
  east sweden comes later . 
  fifth column from cia nazis inbound . 
  imperial expansionists coming for scandinavia soon . 
  it is almost like actions have consequences . 
  keep appeasing . 
  i do n't give a shit about your opinions . 
  you say without a shred of irony that russia needs to invade countries because they are in danger of ceasing to exist . 
  russia would n't have any sanctions if they stayed inside their borders . 
  you know , the borders of the largest country in the world . 
  as if it is the end of the world that people do n't live in the middle of a fucking desert . 
  there are plenty of other places to live in the usa . 
  the amount of water that gets diverted to deserts is ridiculous in the usa . 
  water rights if probably one of the biggest issues in california for instance . 
  what exactly do you call government officials saying finland joining nato would be wwiii ? 
  russia also is using trade as a weapon by punishing countries for joining nato which has zero to do with trade . 
  it is bullshit since russia trades with eu themselves . 
  they do lots of trade with germany and netherlands for instance and they are in nato and eu . 
  they think they have a veto on every country 's foreign/domestic policy that is remotely close to their borders . 
  are you all there in the head ? 
  i 'm referencing sanctions by governments all over the world . 
  this is already happening . 
  please continue carrying more water for putin . 
  your point ? 
  i know you are always eager to be a putin apologist , but feel free to tell me how punishment is n't an accurate word for sanctions . 
  that is all you ever end up doing . 
  throw around insults and declare yourself correct . 
  but that is just my perspective as an observer . 
  feel free to point out my errors . 
  why is that relevant to usa in 2014 ? 
  after spain turns into the balkans are we still going to call it spain or does it go back to castille ? 
  because one country might treat their own people better .
