  you ca n't half ass and play them off each other . 
  did he invite putin over to tell him to go fuck himself ? 
  talk about sensitive speech material . 
  there are zero good answers to this bullshit . 
  if they were concerned about them they would spend the money on food instead of sending countless empty trojan horses filled with soldiers instead . 
  every one of those trucks are being driven by soldiers and the trucks had plenty of time to be emptied already . 
  amazing how they can be short on food but never short on apc 's or aaa for the `` ukrainian '' rebels . 
  yeah just a vast conspiracy against russia . 
  i wonder why people do n't trust russia ? 
  i guess the whole world got together and drew straws . 
  there is n't reasoning with anyone who complains about how russia is treated while acting like russia is owed a collective world blow job because they `` won wwii with a little help '' . 
  the war that started with poland getting gangbanged by nazis to the left and soviets to the right . 
  and then skip ahead to poor russia of 2014 being victimized because people send them mean letters while they invade countries yet again . 
  early enough for me . 
  so are you saying you are an early riser ? 
  do you even read anything i say ? 
  you respond to nothing i say and just call me a liar and make references to 1991 . 
  you are acting like a crazy person . 
  i saw his credentials . 
  i do n't give a shit about some lone writer . 
  i do n't need a writer to tell me how to think when i have facts from news sources all over the world . 
  you still have n't said what i lied about . 
  you just wanted to insult me to ditch and avoid the facts of the situation and say crazy nonsense like usa started the conflict even though russia is the one with invading military forces . 
  the victim complex never ends . 
  what exactly are you even saying ? 
  nothing you just said is even remotely relevant to what i said . 
  i do n't give a shit about that guy 's opinion either . 
  a country with over 300 million people and you found some idiot and his opinion that mirrors your own . 
  big deal . 
  what exactly am i lying about ? 
  what is usa supposed to do towards russia ? 
  does russia need their hand held ? 
  russia is the one invading countries . 
  usa does n't stop anyone from trading with russia . 
  russia is the one being left behind because they have a shit government and their industry is n't capable of building anything on their own . 
  am i supposed to feel sorry for stalin or something ? 
  russia fucked up all the countries in eastern europe after wwii . 
  now usa after cold war is supposed to do what exactly for russia ? 
  russia is n't being stopped from doing anything in their own borders . 
  no one was stopping any trade to russia until the fucking country started invading yet another neighbor . 
  i guess usa made russia corrupt and useless as well . 
  everything is usa 's fault . 
  russia builds nothing on their own . 
  just a gas station with nukes and a delusional president that thinks the world consists of russians and nazis . 
  usa has done absolutely nothing to weaken eu and eu is one of their strongest allies and biggest trading partners . 
  your thinking is ridiculous . 
  also the fact that you somehow make usa look like the party in the wrong when there is literally a country invading and annexing land is fucking crazy . 
  i guess russia is trying to bring europe and russia closer together by making more and more of europe literally russia . 
  that is his ? 
  maybe estonia could lease some bases to russia to forge a close relationship . 
  that worked well for ukraine . 
  i wonder how long it takes before humanitarian aid convoy is `` attacked '' and forced to defend itself with military from russia . 
  it is n't official until putin tells us about nazi liberation forces . 
  i would be so angry dealing with that nonsense . 
  that is n't what the word theory means . 
  i just meet that cartoon and i already hate them . 
  great job . 
  same could be said for russia . 
  i would say ireland to toronto is pretty impressive in 2.5 hours . 
  they already say those things anyway ? 
  we should appease it off fear and sell out countries ? 
  i have never seen the word nazi used so much in my life . 
  if i did n't know any better i would think nazi is russian for foreigner . 
  yeah except ukraine does n't steal anything from russia . 
  cuba did steal from americans . 
  who thinks that ? 
  americans were dying in iraq and afghanistan along with australians and europeans . 
  you think someone thinks russia does n't kill people ? 
  russia would get their ass handed to them in their most embarrassing defeat in their entire history but they would absolutely kill people . 
  fuck those welfare states in the south . 
  i would gladly trade italy and iberia for all of the deep south . 
  no trade backs when they start talking about rising again . 
  they ca n't survive without massive subsidies from federal government from the rich blue states all while bitching about central government . 
  i hate upvoting you . 
  let them think whatever they want . 
  fuck them . 
  paris can do anything they want . 
  i like it . 
  i did n't mean a column of abrams charging down east ukraine . 
  america has to be helping them fight the war with leadership . 
  no one else has the same experience that usa does against this kind of fighting . 
  well i completely agree . 
  you have to see how hypothetical my statement was though . 
  in what universe would usa stay home during a war ? 
  it is literally usa 's specialty . 
  i did n't mean politically . 
  i meant purely according to military . 
  i know damn well no country in the world is eager to start a war against russia . 
  france and uk have very capable military and i do n't judge other countries ability to fight on size alone . 
  i would never doubt the ability of poland to put up a fight and they are always eager to support their allies . 
  i could only imagine if it was right in their back yard . 
  same goes for baltic countries . 
  they absolutely did not remain on base . 
  the vote was join russia or become an independent republic . 
  bases were blockaded and seized . 
  i guess all the little green men were still local rebels in your head ? 
  what makes you still think russia is a superpower ? 
  they ca n't field an army against nato . 
  the economy ca n't keep up in production either . 
  you ca n't fight a war using nukes .
