  own up to faults versus being a victim . 
  it is not like you personally did it anyway . 
  russia openly invaded ukraine . 
  this is not support . 
  this is open destabilizing of a european democracy . 
  naming belarus as your example really proves nothing . 
  the people are poor as shit and live in a dictatorship time warp where the ussr essentially never folded . 
  just look at the geography and political/economic situation of russian allies . 
  you think that is something to gloat about ? 
  if serbia is so divided then why is it on a track to join eu ? 
  they depend on the west far more than russia . 
  holdover feelings from war are the only reason they are not completely aligned with west already . 
  montenegro will be joining soon as well through their democratically elected politicians . 
  it is not an overnight process that sneaks up on any of the citizens . 
  i do not mean to say they are the same . 
  i just tried to name an example . 
  which country was forced into joining nato ? 
  georgia has a right to join like any other country . 
  ukraine was broken apart and destabilized with russian invasions . 
  i do n't care about any speeches you find . 
  they do not contradict reality . 
  what i stated is not theory . 
  it is happening before our eyes . 
  russia supports separatist movements and keeps forces in various locations around europe to prevent countries from becoming stable and moving towards the west more . 
  maybe if russia had more to offer they would n't need to threaten their neighbors so much ? 
  the neighboring countries obviously prefer the west for a reason . 
  intervention in the balkans ? 
  russia quite regularly finds `` safety '' concerns with their imports as a way to punish neighboring smaller economies . 
  i also have no idea how you can claim russia would n't dare use force to keep countries as poor vassals for eternity when they ravaged ukraine for daring to trade with eu . 
  eu trade i guess is only allowed for the empire in moscow and not the minor provinces that must exist in poverty forever on account of russia 's bullying . 
  how is eu making russia an enemy again ? 
  when do they threaten to invade russia ? 
  last i check all they do is trade with russia and occasionally complain about human rights abuses and lack of democracy and free press . 
  eu is not to blame for being rich and countries wanting to join the club while russia is left behind as a resource colony due to horrible leadership . 
  oh really , so eastern europe are the real oppressors here and not the ones that were ruled and occupied by russia ? 
  so russia needs to live in fear of eu empire invading countries and taking land ? 
  russia is justified in ruining and controlling the economies of their neighbors by threat of force if they dare to stop being vassals to an economy barely matching italy if that ? 
  the only chance to escape and have decent quality of life is to have nato protection from the bully to the east dictating everything at gun point . 
  do you think russia 's neighbors all end up brainwashed or something and are n't justified in their actions ? 
  they look towards the west for a reason the second they have a safe chance to do so . 
  but good luck continuing to mention the fear of sweden for your current actions of today . 
  notice how the rest of europe is very peaceful with one another and does n't need to use threats and force with neighbors . 
  they all have just as much history of warfare . 
  that alliance is voluntary and exists for a very valid reason even today . 
  the threat is one sided considering who always ends up doing the invading and occupying . 
  i mean unless we go back 500 years or so anyway . 
  which countries threaten russia when they build their bases or move their military around ? 
  when does eastern europe threaten russia or tell russia who should be russian citizens ? 
  you do n't notice the one way street ? 
  jesus , can you turn it down a notch ? 
  i am just leaving a comment on a forum . 
  i never said no one talk about politics . 
  i do it all the time even when it is not my country , like now . 
  i did not say that . 
  if you like , i can rephrase it as , `` it is what it is . '', 
  i did not call for him to be tar and feathered in the town center while locked in stocks . 
  i was simply pointing out that if that is who wins , so be it . 
  i never said i supported right parties myself either . 
  democracy is not just for when you agree . 
  well they were n't claiming russia would use nukes over troops in baltics . 
  they were claiming to use non conventional tactics like in ukraine as a response to increased nato presence . 
  they do more than that . 
  they only rule over people in their border . 
  when they criticize the rules of citizenship and what military they have , it implies russia should decide the international affairs of its neighbors . 
  my link did n't direct for whatever reason . 
  so people from kosovo try to enter the eu . 
  i do not see what the big deal is . 
  if they considered them independent they would not be constantly complaining about their laws as if it their business . 
  yes , likely story . 
  just ignore the dedicated state propaganda against those countries by russia . 
  can you please give me a section to look at in that report ? 
  i am not trying to parse 72 pages . 
  i also do not understand what any of that has to do with syria if you are referring to people from the balkans . 
  i do n't want anyone bombed and certainly do n't want civilian casualties . 
  at the time it seemed like the only way to put an end to the bloodshed . 
  i realize there is no good and bad sides over the course of recent history in the balkans . 
  sorry if i mistook you for stereotypical serbian troll . 
  well , there regardless of your opinion , help is help , no ? 
  i misunderstood you at first then . 
  i have seen the narrative by serbians and russians that denies genocide and it was political for the sole purpose of building a base . 
  sorry for assuming . 
  of course . 
  some countries do n't care though . 
  poor idiot does n't understand that voluntary means the country can always agree to it in their own and make it their own law . 
  they only need a base so people do n't have to worry about tripping over mass graves on the way to the market . 
  they donate to keep stability in poverty stricken areas . 
  i mean , feel free to hate all you want , my life will be completely unaffected one way or the other . 
  i just think it is funny to hate people that help you . 
  if you hate people that donate to you , feel free to turn it down . 
  that would require convictions though . 
  there is no need for bases when there is already italy and greece and other countries right there . 
  this idea that serbia is a perpetual victim is laughable only more laughable is the idea that bigger richer more stable countries on other continents spend time obsessing over it . 
  it would n't hurt to move on past being full time salty losers and jingoistic . 
  did an american nato overlord pay you to say that ? 
  blink twice if you need assistance from jewish captors . 
  putain , yes , i think you spelled that right . 
  in case you were n't aware , all international law is voluntary unless you force compliance with military or economic means . 
  sorry , but are you calling people from kosovo , migrants ? 
  i do n't quite understand your statement . 
  what makes you think usa cares about serbia other than a poor country that ca n't survive on its own and requires american taxpayer donations ?
