  i do not think i would really feel in danger of visiting anywhere in europe short of actual war zones you know where . 
  what would an american cost ? 
  ussr is russia except when they want to separate themselves from the negatives . 
  ok , how does a country become communist and seize everyone 's property if not through violent means ? 
  what happens to all the people that say no ? 
  communist countries are n't exactly known for being democratic other than the ridiculous names they give themselves . 
  i still am waiting on how my life would improve versus my current situation under your ideals as well . 
  and , you said people should n't have wealth past a certain point . 
  why not and how are you going to stop it ? 
  well , did you not say income past a certain point must be illegal ? 
  do you understand the ramifications of this ? 
  also , communists advocate for mass murder for political reasons , not me . 
  i would absolutely defend myself before allowing my country to turn into some communist shit hole like the ussr . 
  i am also wondering how my own life would improve under communism , because that is what you advocate for . 
  well i want to know which idiotic comment i made . 
  i mean , do you not advocate seizing property from people ? 
  do you not advocate to make it illegal to earn money as well ? 
  i enjoy the quotes but that does n't change the horrors of communism inflicted on people all over the world and how much of a spectacular failure it is over and over and over again . 
  no country ever willingly becomes communist and people do not want to have all their possessions stolen from them from edgy revolutionaries ranting from their basement either . 
  my life would be worse in every possible way in your world . 
  so you look at zimbabwe and get jealous or what ? 
  better dead than red . 
  what makes you think wealth is n't invested ? 
  do people keep billions under mattresses ? 
  you want to make it illegal to make money ? 
  my job depends almost exclusively on rich customers paying a lot of money for a service that middle class and poor would never ever pay . 
  how exactly would my job not be affected if i did n't live in a rich area ? 
  this is denying the political nature of maps . 
  it is n't that simple . 
  not really . 
  that was the goal from day one . 
  come on , they do n't have a monopoly on it . 
  well i think many people do respond in my experience . 
  i know i do . 
  yes , well should we pander to north korean delusions of grandeur too ? 
  italy has the same size economy and i do n't see it trying to recreate the roman empire . 
  we could talk to a ukrainian instead maybe ? 
  ever think other countries have less political and miliary capital to protect itself from russian puppet state . 
  yes , everyone should fear the eu empire . 
  first they make you use euro then they force everyone into homogay indoctrination through mandatory schooling . 
  the way the merkelreich continues to invade and annex all of europe keeps me up nightly . 
  yes , thankfully russia invades and occupies countries first and is simply being defensive . 
  it is everyone else that is a threat . 
  did you just walk out of geography class ? 
  oh man , this is the best . 
  all this time i considered the food and weather to be the best part of visiting europe . 
  they are mixed ? 
  thank you for explanation . 
  they actually parade around with nazi flags ? 
  this really sounds like a lot of rationalizing . 
  maybe you should n't rationalize any group of thugs ? 
  how old is the constitution and how hard is it to alter or add to it in russia ? 
  most certainly , especially when you can have others do it for you , right ? 
  so pointing fingers justifies it ? 
  and everyone should care about their problem while reminding you that they have nothing to do with your problems . 
  is n't jordan like a quarter refugees at this point ? 
  nah , you see , being born there means they deserve to die somehow . 
  yeah , it sounds preposterous to commit violence and think everyone will jump in when they chose to stay out of military alliances . 
  that is a ridiculous idea . 
  depending on sweden to come to your defense might be a bad time . 
  eu could quickly sell out finland by saying they were the aggressive party and stand on the sidelines . 
  the only real rival here that is still standing is iran . 
  what can iran do to sa ? 
  are we just ignoring how poor iran is ? 
  saudi arabia has access to nato hardware . 
  how in the world is turkey considered a rival they have to worry about ? 
  why is saudi arabia enemies with israel ? 
  iran is outclassed in tech and hurting for finances . 
  no one is attacking saudi arabia . 
  i mean , does canada need to increase spending to counter the usa ? 
  i am obviously only talking about countries that can be viewed as a threat . 
  political maneuvering to protect yourself can be even more valuable than military spending as well . 
  i question your grasp of geography . 
   climate realist did you just say that without sarcasm ? 
  that does n't require massive spending . 
  their military is practically for bragging rights with how absurdly powerful it is compared to the rest of the region . 
  they have no aspirations for projecting power across the globe either and the usa protects them and is literally stationed in their country . 
  i do n't think it is an emergency . 
  they have plenty of time to adapt . 
  venezuela 's pathetic leadership is obsessed with the usa . 
  somehow usa is to blame for even making a comment after the fact ? 
  either way the unrest was already happening . 
  usa changed nothing of the reality on the ground . 
  you sound like you belong in / r/conspiracy . 
  they can easily scale back their massive military spending . 
  so usa having an opinion means they are behind it ? 
  do they just flick a switch and make citizens in foreign countries angry ? 
  maybe they just hand out bread ? 
  i heard that is how they brainwashed the millions of nazis in ukraine . 
  i thought i ventured into sas for a second after reading that mindless shitpost . 
  why would you not call it the russian empire ? 
  resource colony on par with war torn countries in africa ruled by the elite . 
  usa has done some horrible things in latin america during the cold war . 
  i do n't think it is fair to blame moscow 100 % for cuban missile crisis . 
  just a heads up , your comments were deleted . 
  there was zero violence between ukraine and russia until the bigger russia swooped in for a land grab . 
  that absolutely is not genocide . 
  russia is sanctioned for a reason . 
  if everyone acted like russia in europe there would be nonstop war . 
  steal land ?
