  thank you for your link . 
  i always appreciate getting new perspectives especially with history . 
  be mad at russia . 
  they broke the deal . 
  usa honors all alliances . 
  if they break one they lose tons of power over night . 
  japan pays their upper management a lot less than the ridiculous sums earned in the usa as well . 
  you ate likely to see a ceo about sacrifice during hard times instead of golden parachutes galore . 
  makes me a bit jealous even talking about it . 
  usa is also great at creating them too . 
  who exactly is calling german culture offensive ? 
  i honestly have never met anyone that had anything bad to say about germans or germany . 
  you are fighting against straw men that exist only in your imagination . 
  he is also a separatist . 
  he thinks stalin is a great leader as well . 
  none of that is ironic satire . 
  i am as well . 
  it just seems like a goofy term mostly . 
  ha alright . 
  seems weird to bitch about . 
  i have never considered it like a slur or anything . 
  he apparently needs to see dead bodies on his doorstep to realize the value of a military that goes unused . 
  still seems like a dumb move to avoid nuclear . 
  it is incredibly clean and generates stupid amounts of power . 
  what in the world is so ugly about the word tugas ? 
  you prefer porkchops instead ? 
  yeah , now after your replies to me , i do understand what you are getting at . 
  i just think orban is wrong and the retort was calling him out on it while agreeing for the sake of argument . 
  orban is busy thinking he is some political mastermind trying to play eu against russia and vice versa and gain as the middleman . 
  there is plenty of evidence of what happens to countries that give russia economic influence over them . 
  russia uses it as a weapon at any opportunity to bully their neighbors . 
  he called him wrong , but did it in a witty reply instead of just stating the obvious . 
  but , yes , i do get what you are saying , that the expression means you screwed up and only hurt yourself . 
  i just think orban is flat out wrong however . 
  and it is only working because they sucker punched their `` friends '' in ukraine during a political crisis where they already had tens of thousands of soldiers stationed in a tough to reach peninsula and eu/usa does n't want to risk a world war to defend them . 
  there would be zero tolerance for any bullshit games in a nato country . 
  russia could never be that drunk on power to think that would fly for even a second . 
  there have been repeated attempts to explain to you that russia is weaker from sanctions , and you just do n't get it after so many explanations . 
  i assumed you were trolling for the sake of it . 
  i was trying to give you the benefit of the doubt . 
  i was n't trying to insult you . 
  i should have worded that better . 
  last i checked , romania 's official language is n't russian . 
  yeah , ok , dead local patriots . 
  and lots of russians will have died mysteriously on vacation yet again . 
  i could n't think of a more obvious article . 
  yeah , i 'm aware of the back and forth over the thousand years or so of fighting together and against each other . 
  london however is n't the uk just like nyc is n't the usa . 
  just look at how smoothly belgium runs . 
  are you honestly that dense on purpose ? 
  ca n't make opinions with your own account ? 
  your account is off to an excellent start . 
  that would have never gone through . 
  you ca n't even get moldova and romania to get together and they speak the same language . 
  if uk and france joined together , i could n't imagine the chaos . 
  canada ca n't even keep those ridiculous people in quebec from constantly bitching , how could uk and france pull that one off ? 
  well i was n't sure , so i looked it up and usa shipped tens of billions of dollars worth of goods with uk being the primary beneficiary starting 9 months prior to entering the war . 
  they were n't exactly a `` loan '' either , since usa never got any of the equipment back and then helped uk financially after the war as well to spur a war recovery along with the rest of western europe . 
  but you are correct that usa was trying to maintain neutrality after wwi and the depression kicked in , but let 's be honest , you know damn well that usa is n't going against the uk over anything . 
  it is is even more ridiculous to suggest today considering usa and uk are pretty much involved in everything together . 
  even their intelligence is tied together . 
  usa would never abandon their military allies . 
  that is how usa projects their power in the first place by having influence all over the globe by just having the threat of obvious defeat if you run counter to the usa and having friends and bases all over the world . 
  after canada , uk is the closest ally . 
  it is pretty much impossible for any country to be closer than canada though considering they share thousands of miles in friendly border together and have common defense and share intelligence and all the trade that is done . 
  they were sending all kinds of material support to uk so that uk could defend themselves . 
  i mean , the usa was involved with the vast majority of that war on top of sending lots of support prior to joining . 
  uk had and has a very competent military that was more than up to the task of defending their home . 
  they just lacked supplies . 
  usa did end up joining and helped the allies win on all fronts and then usa was instrumental in making the eu into the biggest economy on the planet after the war . 
  usa also was n't in a military alliance with them like they are now . 
  usa also was n't an unmatched superpower like they were during and after the war . 
  russia purposely mass deported people like germans and tartars and poles out of home and migrated russians into neighbor republics to make everything russian . 
  also i guess genocide of ukraine was fake . 
  i am not excusing german behavior . 
  i am saying stalin was a fucking monster on his own . 
  well i would n't want uk giving it up either . 
  i trust uk with whatever actions they do because i consider them a close ally . 
  i just could never imagine a situation where usa would ever let any harm happen to uk though . 
  usa has the biggest military in the world and it is n't for self defense . 
  turkey literally caused genocide . 
  bit they should kill every armenian on the planet for having the gall to revolt against the superior turk . 
  gee , i wonder why turkey gets that reputation with all that `` propaganda '' against them we in the rest of the world call the truth . 
  you are absolutely right in that regard , but america is greedy . 
  they could get by without world trade but they instead dominate everything instead . 
  look how involved they ate with china when in reality they do n't need a damn thing from that country . 
  yeah but america dominates economically because of their military being backup . 
  the british empire needed to protect trade . 
  usa is no different . 
  south china sea , panama canal , suez canal , and persian gulf ate insanely important for usa . 
  nothing must fuck with the markets . 
  usa has most to lose with any economic issues . 
  there is a reason us navy is essentially bigger than rest of the world 's military combined . 
  usa has huge interest in europe . 
  it just would appreciate it if europe stopped being lazy fucks with military . 
  thankfully the uk and france are over there . 
  the other countries are quite pathetic with spending and blatantly mooch off the usa when they are clearly rich enough to afford the military . 
  what a whack job . 
  damn straight . 
  you make one exception and it bites you in the ass .
