  there are programs where government provides almost completely free housing . 
  that is interesting . 
  i would have never thought smog would come from wood versus cars , trucks , and factories . 
  i did n't realize all countries have to bow to the horde from the east . 
  regional power my ass . 
  they are already the largest country in the world . 
  swap ukraine out for whatever appropriate target is at that given year . 
  everyone is crazy to worry about russia except the country that was last invaded . 
  nothing to see here . 
  stability , people !, 
  since when does russian speaking equal belongs to russia ? 
  does uk get usa back then ? 
  if russians love russia so much , move east . 
  plenty of room there . 
  i did n't suggest invade moscow or nuke cities . 
  i just do n't think they should have been given poland . 
  they could have beaten germany and packed their stuff and left . 
  that is what usa did . 
  they were n't seizing land from europe . 
  neither was england . 
  that stuff is pretty strong . 
  they are being punished as a way to attack eu . 
  how do you not see this ? 
  are you mental ? 
  ukrainians would consider eu aggressors by helping them defend their country ? 
  the only country that would consider them an aggressor already consider you enemies anyway . 
  treachery is now the definition for not handing over half of poland to russia ? 
  interesting . 
  who can blame someone for not wanting to be captured by russians ? 
  there is already proof of war crimes by the other side and the other side denied they are even involved . 
  they do n't even acknowledge the deaths of their own soldiers . 
  imagine what would happen to you if caught . 
  you might never taste freedom again . 
  you might also be tortured and killed . 
  you would just pay a bit more . 
  there would still be energy . 
  i bet ukraine would trade neighbors . 
  you ca n't say it was stupid without knowing what result would be . 
  not like the goal would have been to take moscow . 
  there was also no nukes at the time on russia 's end . 
  they could have not recognized it at the very least . 
  yes , swiss soldiers going home . 
  home . 
  do they drive their anti-air missile launchers over to the vacation house as well or drive down to italy in apcs ? 
  you think russian soldiers have tanks sitting in their drive ways at home with beach chairs thrown in the hatch ? 
  i do n't think it should have been rewarded chunks of poland that it invaded and given the chance to fuck over half of europe . 
  russia was rewarded even though they started the war . 
  the shit germany was doing in central europe was being done by russia to the baltic region . 
  just go to rt.com and use google translate . 
  false equivalency . 
  i hope you are just filled with usa hatred versus actually being that stupid to believe that . 
  what is this about arctic ? 
  you realize russia would collapse and the pre embargo numbers compared to north korea 's numbers after decades of embargo is pointless ? 
  i saw on here the solution was skype not war . 
  i was dying . 
  learn to read or just have conversations with yourself instead . 
  there is literally zero in common with what you said and my comment other than the words : world war . 
  you ca n't divide by zero . 
  russia invaded infinitely more land in poland than usa did . 
  who the hell was bringing up usa ? 
  russia hated nazis so much they tagteamed poland together . 
  there is n't even the infrastructure to export it in massive quantities . 
  there is also a ton of pressure politically to not export it because that will raise prices at home . 
  usa already could have been expiring a lot more than it does currently but has chosen not to . 
  usa does a decent job with natural resources . 
  even with oil lots of the oil it imports is just crude that they are refining to make use of all their refinery capacity so they can ship it back out to other countries . 
  the eu is actually the ones trying to pressure usa into selling fuel . 
  or they trust that germany will fuck up . 
  iceland has no issues with neighbors . 
  are you implying there is a secret love affair for germany in greece ? 
  it was bullshit that russia was rewarded for starting wwii with germany as an ally . 
  edit : just so we are clear after multiple comments , where did i mention anything about usa ? 
  everything i said was factual . 
  russia started wwii . 
  they invaded poland as a partner with the nazis . 
  if you do n't believe me , ask anyone from poland about what an amazing vacation spot it was in late 1930s . 
  how do you justify giving land from a country that did nothing wrong to anyone to one of the countries that started the war ? 
  the whole point of war was to protect poland , so during the peace treaty they are giving away land from poland to the aggressor . 
  makes sense . 
  great patriot war , my ass . 
  what a great leader that stalin was . 
  liberated all of eastern europe into decades of utopia . 
  do n't you think it could have been guessed that shit was going down when austria disappeared and czechoslovakia was told by europe to shut up and surrender ? 
  no one could have been shocked by poland . 
  the same applies today . 
  no one should be shocked by russia being imperialistic mongols trying to fuck over the old ussr at every chance . 
  i was just saying that even with the homeless hardly anyone dies here in usa . 
  why is wood burning illegal ? 
  what is wrong with a fireplace ? 
  i just find it shocking that people are doing from being poor essentially considering how often usa is criticized for lack of social safety net in comparison . 
  insanity in action . 
  usa forced putin to invade ukraine . 
  amazing how usa can make whole world hate russia all by itself . 
  usa does n't give a shit about gas sales . 
  they do n't even try to sell overseas . 
  nato countries make their own weapons . 
  all these conspiracies instead of the obvious that russia is just acting like typical russia . 
  just so we are clear , russia is not some massive market that provides competition to usa . 
  there is no conspiracy by usa where they ca n't compete against russian trade in the global market where they had to force russia to turn into a pariah to get an embargo to improve usa economy . 
  where does russia get the money to purchase it if not direct from german fuel sales ?
