  media in eu sure seems to jump on immigrant stories with muslims . 
  if that is just sensationalism at play then all the better . 
  i know plenty of that happens here as well . 
  well i really am not understanding your points , but if you do n't want to clarify that is your choice . 
  i still do n't understand what i said that was insulting either , sorry if that came across . 
  why are you talking about bickering ? 
  i pointed out that algeria absolutely does n't threaten countries based on their foreign policy decisions . 
  eu also does n't purchase any fuel . 
  the eu does n't have a unified energy policy . 
  so it is definitely individual countries making contracts with companies . 
  i was n't suggesting all of eu receive gas from algeria . 
  i was saying they do n't use it like a weapon . 
  russia purposely cutting supply randomly to try to split eu apart is absolutely unique to russia . 
  how the hell is anything i 've said somehow me being a dick ? 
  also opec does n't sell oil as a group . 
  they meet and try to set levels of production . 
  they are n't an individual market . 
  these assumptions you have of the energy market are incorrect . 
  and just so we are clear , opec trying to keep prices in a certain range is n't the equivalent of russia punishing individual countries for their foreign policy decisions through intimidation . 
  negotiating prices is n't making it a weapon . 
  random `` technical '' issues that coincide with diplomatic disputes is using it like a weapon . 
  just like poland all of a sudden having dangerous apples and other examples . 
  i wish you great success . 
  is this a joke ? 
  you do n't even know where your own country gets their gas from ? 
  no we were n't . 
  i clearly stated two issues . 
  mess in mediterranean and piracy . 
  well in regards to navy that is . 
  obviously this could apply to air force as well , but a navy is more effective . 
  unrest allows piracy to exist and it sends refugees flooding towards eu . 
  hundred trillion debt minimum ? 
  good lord . 
  give me just one source . 
  usa has $ 14 trillion debt because the rest is internal between agencies . 
  things like social security and medicare are funded . 
  you are talking so far out of left field it is hilarious . 
  eu debt situation is n't much better than usa . 
  canada also does way more trade with usa than other countries combined . 
  the canadians that define their image as being not america cone across as having such a ridiculous inferiority complex it is hilarious . 
  when is algeria threatening portugal ? 
  oh , really ? 
  so eu is happy with all the immigrants ? 
  could have fooled me . 
  how is he `` reasonable '' when he says putin is great for latvia and he does n't denounce crimea invasion ? 
  the push for the invasion was due to the missing people . 
  they knew before the invasion that they were dead and that it had nothing to do with hamas . 
  they lied to garner support and justification . 
  what have they done that is n't rational ? 
  it is n't a slight on the language . 
  there is nothing wrong with the russian language or any other language for that matter . 
  my first language is n't english either . 
  it is just a fact that international business uses english . 
  it also allows the most opportunities for mobility with regards to income and location . 
  as an example , i believe eu countries in the south would do better in my opinion if english speakers were more prevalent . 
  it would draw international businesses more easily to their countries . 
  that is a big selling point with ireland as a counterpoint . 
  ireland is the country that has recovered the easiest out of the piigs . 
  how do i subscribe to your newsletter ? 
  who threatens usa backed allies around the world ? 
  they still could . 
  the real power is in hegemony . 
  it makes for a stronger influence versus having countries turn on you and rebellions all over the world . 
  there is nothing to be gained by acting like a barbarian . 
  well rest assured that they hate america most . 
  maybe they run out before they bomb you . 
  ussr was a super power and did nothing . 
  freaking out wo n't solve anything . 
  all of russia 's actions under putin have been completely rational . 
  i mean usa has a ton of nukes too . 
  not as many as russia but still plenty . 
  russia also does n't have that many places to hit versus all the targets in eu and usa/canada and who knows where else . 
  [ in case you wondered , those missiles go far . 
  i see a problem with being backwards by not knowing english . 
  it is the world 's universal language especially in business . 
  i already know i am dead if the nukes fly . 
  i am a guaranteed target . 
  no point sweating it . 
  i ca n't prevent it . 
  2-3 extra subs in the water wo n't change anything . 
  besides , russia is n't crazy . 
  i do n't like the russian government , but i at least understand they are acting in their self interest . 
  using nukes definitely is n't in anyone 's interest . 
  there are pirates that operate from africa . 
  usa does most of the policing of shipping lanes . 
  the oil must flow . 
  eh , i would n't sweat it . 
  russia already has plenty of nukes ready to rain on eu and usa as it is . 
  what 's a couple hundred more going to change ? 
  nothing happened with ussr , why would it happen now ? 
  to add to what you are saying , it is n't like every single position in government is elected . 
  that does n't mean that elected officials do n't have oversight over it . 
  those elected officials are ultimately selected by citizens . 
  yeah , i was curious on the berlin relationship since it was n't even in the country . 
  that whole situation was overly complicated, 
  yeah , i agree that being automatically subscribed does n't mean anyone will participate in any meaningful way . 
  this is especially the case versus someone that actively seeks the sub out . 
  it was n't an accusation , it was a genuine question . 
  when i see semi sovereign i get the impression that they do n't have final say on matters . 
  does n't default status kind of prevent that ?
