  russia does n't own other countries . 
  could n't point to the largest country in europe on a map ? 
  k. take your / r/iamverysmart routine to / r/worldpolitics . 
  it is treating the chinese like a caricature . 
  china is 5000 years old and does n't want conquest ? 
  was tibet informed about this ? 
  maybe you could stop following me around . 
  is sending insulting pms not enough for you ? 
  and hope no one kills you until you escape to london . 
  every country gets shit on here . 
  having rule of law and not annexing neighbors does improve opinions though . 
  how ? 
  even russians do n't want to drive lada . 
  maybe mongols were fair ? 
  and quickly jailed and robbed the second russian elites need more money . 
  what a great country . 
  i wonder why their income is so low and unequal to boot . 
  turks have a damn impressive military . 
  i do n't understand . 
  they are n't georgia or ukraine . 
  are you comparing ukraine to the axis powers ? 
  eh , i think no one is freezing in turkey because of gas . 
  there are other alteratives but cost more . 
  cutting gas hurts the seller more . 
  ah yes , well maybe serbians should commit less genocide . 
  cuba had a revolution and usa kept the base . 
  ukraine was a naked land grab and the actions in the balkans were not done secretly and built on lies . 
  so basically no longer existing . 
  interesting . 
  when was the last time usa annexed land to `` protect '' americans . 
  a democracy that wishes to trade with more countries would make it a much better example too . 
  but even china does n't have the ability to pull it off militarily . 
  they are smart enough to stick to profiting in peace . 
  what makes you think nato does n't value turkey ? 
  i ca n't read this without thinking of star wars . 
  support for assad hinges on blocking resources from europe . 
  still expensive in comparison . 
  when i picture mediterranean , obviously tall and blonde is my first image . 
  thank you for answer . 
  i was only joking though . 
  i do n't have anything negative to say about the religion . 
  who cares , how hard is it to stay in power when you control the media and can imprison competition ? 
  really living to the serb stereotype here . 
  how is turkey hostile to the west compared to russia ? 
  and who is we ? 
  who exactly are you speaking for ? 
  is there a reason you call him that ? 
  he will never win . 
  you mean like how russia bribes muslim warlords and puts them in charge in russia where they rule with an iron fist ? 
  is invading europe a shared culture you appreciate ? 
  the only reason russia cares about assad is to keep power and a military base . 
  they are friendly with north korea of all places . 
  let us not pretend it is humanitarian in nature . 
  still no answer . 
  since when do racists think perfectly logical ? 
  i never said i had issues with turks . 
  well for that i am happy . 
  i asked a question to clarify your phrasing . 
  most means comparing not only to turkey . 
  spend five minutes in worldnews and you can find plenty of people that say that earnestly . 
  did you just say russia has the most advanced military in the world ? 
  lol . 
  where did i say that ? 
  great answer by the way !, 
  i am just curious on what makes turkey bad and russia good without you resorting to vague ideas . 
  turkey has home field advantage . 
  it is n't like either country is trying to conquer the other . 
  turkey has a lot more influence in the region . 
  the person that thinks russia becoming isolated and sanctioned and in a depression makes it stronger . 
  you do realize assad brought this on himself ? 
  and how is he not terrorizing his own people ? 
  you think bombing your own people with barrel bombs is a good way to rule ? 
  he is a monster . 
  so anyone that does not support assad is a terrorist ? 
  i just noticed your user name . 
  hello again , ivan . 
  why not be honest with the flair or just reroll and try again with another shill account ? 
  they could give weapons to the rebels . 
  you know they want assad gone . 
  they already do give them weapons . 
  it is also comical for russia to claim they are fighting isis when they are n't actually concentrating on isis and have zero issues carpet bombing civilians . 
  they are only interested in keeping assad in power . 
  it was a joke about how some greeks and serbs think russia can do no wrong . 
  i agree with your serious response though . 
  it is ok . you can just say you are n't a fan of brown people . 
  turkey is much stronger than ukraine . 
  that would not be a cold chapter . 
  zero chance that turkey allows that to happen . 
  is it true that being orthodox makes you blind to reason and logic ? 
  i honestly thought i was on / r/civpolitics . 
  do n't you have a sub to run that supports genocide and violence ? 
  why worry about less important matters like this ? 
  you mean creating the average russian 's thoughts . 
  they make fox news seem credible . 
  many of those weapon sales happen due to politics . 
  lots of countries do n't have access to western military sales . 
  you ca n't claim to be a superpower when you are mostly a resource colony for eu and a weapons trader . 
  putin 's big ideas for the economy is to hope to be china 's bitch as well and to essentially sanction itself to where the common citizens suffer even more . 
  of course when things get worse he will blame evil homogay west and distract from the reality that he is an awful leader outside of warmongering . 
  also anyone worth a shit leaves to countries that treat their population better .
