  usa could sit at home and europe could take them on solo . 
  nato is incredibly lopsided versus russia . 
  never mind all the allies that usa has acquired over the years like japan and commonwealth . 
  no , no , everyone is bad . 
  it is russians who sometimes do selfish things versus nazis . 
  yes except that does n't mean seize the land and bases . 
  it means lease your own base and that is it . 
  otherwise america could just roam all of europe seizing land and capturing government buildings left and right . 
  you realize there are professional armies for a reason , right ? 
  conscripts make for a shit army compared to the guys that stick around or are reserves . 
  correct . 
  i was n't suggesting it , but you must admit that russia is openly using russians as a weapon . 
  any country with russians in it has an excuse for russian invasion . 
  they openly lie and do whatever they want . 
  there is no possible way there are n't american forces in ukraine already . 
  yes , all `` ukrainians '' . 
  yeah referendum at gunpoint from foreign army and no option to remain in ukraine . 
  yeah everyone believes you . 
  even putin admits he invaded crimea . 
  update your software , bot . 
  oh i personally lied about wmd 's ? 
  vietnam was an american colony ? 
  yeah why would anyone ever bring up france in vietnam ? 
  i guess saying iraq is an independent country is a lie too . 
  all three of those left huge sections of continental europe untouched . 
  well good stuff . 
  i was n't aware of usa helping greece like that . 
  i know leopard is a very capable tank as well . 
  that is reassuring . 
  it is a damn shame that usa has so much hardware that just ends up in storage that other countries could use more effectively . 
  could you give me your perspective on turkey and if there is still tension even while both are in nato ? 
  that guy singlehandedly ruined portugal . 
  yeah , any day now ... 
  it is n't only quantity that matters . 
  if the tanks are decades old they wo n't be effective at all against anything new . 
  iraq for insurance had one of the largest military forces on earth and were decimated without even being able to hit back against bradley and abrams . 
  i also was not taking a dig at greece . 
  greece should be trying to right their economy after having lots of trouble recently . 
  getting back track is the best thing they can do for all of europe . 
  my comment was more aimed at countries that have strong economies , germany especially . 
  does turkey really mess with greece like that ? 
  that just boggles my mind considering you are both in nato . 
  usa does n't even protect their northern border . 
  both usa and canada just team up to keep russia from playing games . 
  is n't the russian nation practically begging for all russians to be deported by using them as a bullshit backdoor for invasion of former soviet bloc countries though ? 
  never change , russia . 
  i wish north korea propaganda was this insane . 
  i do n't think you understand the full impact of fog of europe . 
  it makes war and death totally trivial in comparison . 
  lend lease act totally was n't a thing i guess . 
  i was n't the one stating usa was barely involved in war . 
  i started by saying russia began wwii by invading poland and being allies with hitler . 
  what is idiotic about that ? 
  what do you think they were using in the 1800 's , bows and arrows ? 
  like who ? 
  i ca n't think of anyone besides hitler . 
  i would probably fail from hubris too if i was freaking napoleon . 
  they are cutting spending but in the meantime the only military that is up to required levels currently is uk and france in europe . 
  everyone else is operating under the assumption that everyone else will take care of it . 
  i am pretty sure those countries are more interested in force projection than a poor country like ukraine . 
  they can be used to as a forward operating base for missions in africa for instance like when patrolling for pirates in east africa as a random example . 
  i am sure italy could find use for a helicopter carrier in the mediterranean . 
  is france and uk the equivalent of ukraine ? 
  plus german and italian military is a joke currently . 
  there are lots of stupid stories in western media . 
  hell i find the media in usa atrocious to even deal with many times . 
  however there is a multitude of sources to get information . 
  that does n't exist from the russian side . 
  the nuanced version of their news literally starts with russia is fighting nazis . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  you ca n't discuss much on this sub . 
  world news is much much worse though . 
  you can pretty much guarantee any conversation can turn to what about america in a handful of comments . 
  just yesterday i was talking about issues with turkey that are voiced by tons of people in eu and because the same opinion came from me i get slammed with downvotes and bullshit replies about iraq . 
  what any of that has to do with how kurds ate treated or genocide denial or censorship is beyond me . 
  and do what ? 
  assault crimea ? 
  they are attack ships . 
  this shit again ? 
  napolean led one of the greatest armies to ever march the fields of europe . 
  he captured moscow . 
  they also took on all of europe and nearly won . 
  iraq is independent . 
  usa removed forces as requested and iraq is close to iran . 
  iraq has iraq to blame for their instability . 
  usa does n't make them have sect fighting . 
  saddam was violating the peace treaty that kept him in power in the first place . 
  the first bush was smarter than his son and did n't want the mess of fixing iraq . 
  i thought the invasion was justified but was against it regardless even without weapons of mass destruction found . 
  vietnam was a giant mess started by france . 
  usa was there at the request of the government there . 
  vietnam was never invaded by usa . 
  really ? 
  i can find plenty of people on this very sub who say western media is all lies and give rt as legit sources . 
  guess what , if it is n't rt it is almost guaranteed to be `` western media '' by russians . 
  they frame themselves as russian victims against the world . 
  also i am sure the views in russian language media pushing nazis and hardcore nationalism make rt that is aimed for foreign consumption seem totally tame . 
  you are n't even aware of genocide in europe ? 
  what do you think happened in the balkans ? 
  un is n't controlled by usa .
