  also when did i claim usa was perfect ? 
  i am mostly criticizing europeans that are cheering the death of africans and saying europe had absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  europe wants to talk about how enlightened they are compared to the rest of the world yet there are tons of xenophobic racist fucks that pop up out of the woodwork second the word muslim comes up . 
  they would be right at home in the crusades . 
  i 'm not a right winger . 
  there are many mentally ill homeless that refuse help . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  should we forcibly arrest and hospitalize them in mental institutions ? 
  there is a ton of help from free schooling and healthcare , to cheap/free housing and food assistance to poor and and illegals . 
  but , you know , much easier to go with a stereotype versus reality . 
  you can talk about stingy green cards , but the country as a whole has huge amounts of illegal immigrants with a very lax enforcement policy . 
  i do n't think there is anything to be gained by dehumanizing russians . 
  you are pulling numbers out of your ass . 
  also russians are fed propaganda on a constant basis . 
  russians also do n't have choices when it comes to their government . 
  i separate the actions of a government from their people . 
  they are not one in the same . 
  just like i would hope people do n't hate me for actions done by the american government . 
  i ca n't control everything done by my government . 
  i support some of it and am ashamed of some it . 
  treating people like this evil `` other '' it soons leads to justification for your own barbaric actions . 
  i do n't want to end up like that . 
  i 've been around russians and they are regular people just like anyone else . 
  they are n't monsters . 
  i judge individuals . 
  living under a bridge ? 
  some people are homeless because they choose to be . 
  there are homeless shelters that go unused . 
  usa has government programs that assists with housing and food and money in general for the poor . 
  you do n't need a socialist party for poor people to be helped . 
  there are people in the usa that have insanely cheap housing due to the government . 
  also , last i checked , people are allowed to be concerned with more than one issue at a time . 
  my criticism is also mostly centered on the people hoping they all die in the sea and shout it out proudly like fucking animals . 
  the eu would n't be rich like it is today if it was n't for that colonialism . 
  only a handful ? 
  most of western europe were colonial powers , so not sure what you are getting at there . 
  countries all over the world have been exploited by europe . 
  almost the entire world has been under european rule . 
  for some reason ? 
  i 'm pretty sure for humanitarian reasons . 
  why would n't they ? 
  i do not approve of russian government policies . 
  why would you compare bush to russian people ? 
  i refuse to hate russians . 
  kiev is not russia . 
  they absolutely did invade them . 
  ukraine was invaded by russia and forced into joining russia and all those examples you said were not usa allies . 
  allies is a specific word . 
  you ca n't just name random countries in the world and claim they are allies of usa . 
  i do n't understand your comments . 
  are you saying i should hate russians ? 
  there are russians in the usa . 
  i do n't hate them . 
  what is so biased about usa history ? 
  i grew up learning about bad things usa has done throughout history . 
  how is obama worse than bush . 
  i say he is worse based on domestic and foreign . 
  iraq alone made bush horrible . 
  no portugal is not better than middle class jersey . 
  jersey is packed full of portuguese that have fled beause of how bad the economy is . 
  thanks by the way for saying portugal like it is somehow the worst place in eu . 
  and republicans are far more aggressive than democrats . 
  republicans are also fucking crazy with the shit their politicians say and do . 
  i do not want them in power after the shift they made towards end of bush 's presidency . 
  comparing india and pakistan to the barbaric actions of isis is insulting to them . 
  why in the world are you posting links about the horrors in nigeria ? 
  that is supposed to make isis look good ? 
  i refuse to give isis any legitimacy . 
  these monsters that commit religious violence deserve no excuses . 
  you claimed `` africa '' had been independent for a century . 
  how stupid can you be ? 
  then you call african nations rich . 
  compare gdp of these countries per capita to eu . 
  they are not wealthy compared to europe . 
  not even close . 
  south africa might as well be across the atlantic as far as distance goes . 
  you have no concept of reality . 
  i know cubans have been dying trying to escape to usa for decades . 
  europe also caused instability in africa through colonialism . 
  are you under the impression there is n't high immigration into it usa from latin america ? 
  there are massive amounts of hispanics inside of usa . 
  it is absolutely disgusting . 
  it is n't unique to europe either . 
  this happens often in usa as well . 
  it is such a disgusting attitude being displayed . 
  people just leaping for any kind of excuses or justifications for their own barbaric thoughts . 
  seriously . 
  africa ruled itself for a century ? 
  my father had to go to africa as a soldier for a colonial government . 
  i guess time is relative for people . 
  such ridiculous statements . 
  holy shit . 
  great job at lying . 
  edit : love the downvotes for saying a fact . 
  any of you downvoters want to point out how `` africa '' has been independent for a century ? 
  these people are escaping to where they feel safe . 
  it is hard to fault people that risk their lives for a chance of having a better one . 
  africa and levant is filled with refugees . 
  those areas are n't exactly stable themselves either . 
  listen i never said i do n't understand why russia is doing the shit they are doing .
