  tell me again how sending people out to suicide against germans or slaughtering your own people helps the war effort . 
  how do you know that having a monster lead russia is what is required to win wwii ? 
  you realize other countries were n't led by monsters and they somehow kept fighting and eventually won against the axis , right ? 
  i will give that a read , thanks . 
  i 'd say it was a good thing for millions of people in the past as well . 
  the shit that stalin did caused unneeded death during the war effort . 
  what the fuck kind of motivation do you need when you are fighting hitler of all things ? 
  russia was n't going to surrender if it was n't led by a monster . 
  you are making crazy assumptions on your part that russia would just keel over . 
  killing your own men and forcing people to fight unarmed you think is a thing that lets you take credit for winning a war ? 
  you are also completely ignoring the fact that russia would n't win shit if there was n't help from all the other countries involved . 
  germany would have trounced the ussr if they were on their own . 
  it was a group effort and yet somehow stalin `` won '' wwii by killing his own people . 
  his actions still resulted in the deaths of tens of millions during peacetime . 
  i am certainly not defending hitler , but you ca n't ignore the fact that stalin absolutely viewed anyone that was n't russian as a problem along with finding ways to fuck over russians as well . 
  the guy was a monster . 
  the ussr could have modernized and improved the standard of living without brutally oppressing its people . 
  it is absurd to give that man credit for that kind of stuff as if killing and labor camps and ethnic cleansing are an important step in industrializing a country . 
  because you are on my internet and on my website , that is why if you want to play that game . 
  also i do n't control all the computers in the world and i did n't downvote you . 
  jesus christ , you are confrontational . 
  of course it was . 
  everyone knows that . 
  but , that does n't make him an idiot . 
  maybe other things do , but certainly not that . 
  you ca n't blame leaders because it somehow leads to war/conflict between future nations that do n't even exist in the present . 
  what do you think he did wrong with china , because that was obviously of incredible importance ? 
  could n't that also just be nixon doing something better versus him being an idiot ? 
  maybe the usa just had more to offer as a possibility ? 
  i did n't think i was going to be defending soviet leaders today . 
  ok , but what exactly was wrong with that exact action though ? 
  if you want to criticize other things that you think are similar , fine . 
  i am talking specifically about ukraine gaining land here and losing land there . 
  and what exactly was instrumental from stalin in defeating hitler ? 
  you realize stalin actually hurt the war effort , right ? 
  you think he just gets to claim credit for being on the winning side of wwii ? 
  franco is nowhere close to the monster stalin is . 
  stalin is up there with the worst of the worst . 
  seriously ? 
  are you ignoring ethnic cleansing by soviets ? 
  that is ridiculous to say one man is responsible for a worldwide war and all deaths . 
  and you do n't think it is still controlled from the top down and just done to placate ? 
  he did n't say putin was n't powerful . 
  that would be idiotic . 
  there is a difference between death from war and killing your own people in camps or during peacetime . 
  did you just fucking lionize stalin and excused the death of tens of millions ? 
  good thing germany got its ass kicked then . 
  what in the world makes crimea stand out to you ? 
  do n't you think you are looking at it from the lens of the future and very unfairly ? 
  i do n't even understand where this comment comes from . 
  i 've seen more sense come from the subreddit simulator bot . 
  i have spent time up in the mountains up north as well and like the variety in general . 
  i 'm incredibly biased and think the whole country is great . 
  why only retire in the south ? 
  it is cheap everywhere and the weather is great all over . 
  proof ? 
  even better , show me what obama has to do with gay marriage before you call others misinformed . 
  nice edit , genius . 
  still full of shit . 
  they might still fall out of their chairs . 
  i would n't say it is to that level right now . 
  i do n't claim to support everything he does either . 
  i think the better solution is to allow the alcohol and boot anyone that ca n't hold their own . 
  are there not elections ? 
  are n't there multiple parties that do n't just rubber stamp anything he says ? 
  i literally said he is n't a dictator . 
  i do n't need to support every last thing he does . 
  i know plenty of bars that have it . 
  the clientele are mostly portuguese and brazilian naturally . 
  yes , i realize this . 
  on any other topic it is usually my duty to bash porto as much as possible . 
  this kind of thing should never be allowed inside of the merkelreich . 
  sorry , ass blasted is an idiom for people that are very irritated over stupid things like your prior joke with the german . 
  kind of similar to saying someone has a stick up their ass and is really uptight and needs to relax . 
  super bock  sagres what say you ? 
  fine , just the alentejanos . 
  better ? 
  i 'm not sure how to say ass blasted in portuguese . 
  i am too busy finding ways to incorporate caralho into every sentence . 
  superior air power fixes everything though . 
  thanks for link . 
  i like reading about that kind of thing . 
  so many people completely missed it . 
  i honestly only expected a couple turks to get a little defensive by accident . 
  no big deal . 
  it happens . 
  yeah , i 'm not even remotely mad . 
  once he apologized i just tried to explain i honestly do n't have anything against turks . 
  i spend most of my time on reddit just fucking around . 
  honest , it was . 
  i literally said positive things about turkey in this post . 
  i am biased from having turkish friends that have emigrated . 
  plenty of people got it from the get go . 
  ok , i will spell it completely out for you . 
  look at the whole front page of europe . 
  it was a j o k e. holy shit . 
  i ca n't believe there are that many dense people on this sub . 
  he is n't a dictator . 
  turkey is longtime and important ally of the usa going back multiple generations . 
  not enough time in the day to get to all of them .
