  yes , eu is n't perfect . 
  it is literally russia . 
  yeah i assumed that was just a caricature . 
  i thought that was just a joke . 
  people actually dress like that ? 
  i assume it was like oktoberfest tourist trap type stuff . 
  what does a bavarian dress like ? 
  russia is as deserving of a `` sphere '' as italy or california is . 
  haha . 
  great . 
  i get lazy with checking . 
  i mean i really do n't care if finland is part of nato , but acting like finland not telling russia to go fuck itself while invading countries means bowing to the west ? 
  haha . 
  he sure likes to speak for them though . 
  just comes across like a bunch of russian ass kissing bullshit . 
  he was going full blown , `` we must never hurt russia 's ego or feelings '' mode . 
  all of these are pretty funny . 
  i just wish some of the writing was n't so small . 
  please explain how you are `` bowing '' to anyone . 
  every country in the west is fully independent of each other but protect each other . 
  again russia has the eu as their largest trading partner . 
  how is belonging to eu hurting finland ? 
  how exactly does nokia or internal politics dealing with companies etc have to do with foreign policy ? 
  finland gdp rose significantly after the ussr fell . 
  i have no idea why your parents would consider the 70s or 80s to be so great other than the general `` back in my day '' euphoria that hides reality . 
  yes , ukraine made the huge mistake of trying to have a trade deal with eu . 
  meanwhile finland is inside of eu . 
  how is ukraine the dumb country while finland is the genius puppetmaster that plays everyone off of each other ? 
  russia trades with zero qualms with nato countries . 
  they could n't survive without doing so in fact . 
  usa has zero intentions of invading mexico . 
  mexico is never at any time threatened by usa . 
  your analogies are atrocious . 
  russia has shown time and time again that they will invade and fuck over any of their countries that does n't do what they say unless the country is protected . 
  finlandization flat out was fear of ussr . 
  anything else is whitewashing . 
  ussr was all over finland 's internal politics . 
  saying otherwise requires rose tinted glasses that are so colored they are completely opaque and leaving you blind . 
  if you are so young that somehow finland joining eu is before your time , i guess the wonderful treatment russia has had for their neighbors is all before your time as well . 
  how do you not make sense of my statement ? 
  germany and netherlands have zero issues with russia wanting to trade with them . 
  therefore why should finland live in fear of upsetting russia 's ego and thinking who they associate with means russia will refuse to trade with them ? 
  finlandization was acting in complete fear of the ussr . 
  saying please do n't invade us and we promise we wo n't ally with others is hardly `` neutral '' . 
  i personally do n't care what people from finland think . 
  if they want to join nato , then petition joining and vice versa with keeping status quo . 
  i just think whatever the country does , it should be agreed on by the people themselves . 
  i just think this `` neutral '' role as somehow being masterful politics to be complete bullshit as if finland is fooling anyone . 
  being neutral is just fear of russia plain and simple . 
  western countries are n't punishing finland on trade , but russia threatens finland all the time . 
  how exactly is being a part of nato limiting russia from trading with netherlands or germany ? 
  then why do you use the excuse that they would n't attack an eu country as a valid reason to be `` neutral '' ? 
  eu in itself defines you as not neutral . 
  you ca n't do that and be a part of eu . 
  i am sure those people are relieved on those changes . 
  yeah because russians do n't try to start shit with their neighbors using ethnic russians in the population . 
  closer to russia and where the ethnic russians are located just in case russia got any ideas of liberation . 
  russians complain about nationalism while invading countries because of ethnic groups . 
  jesus christ , does russia need to import mirrors ? 
  russia has been performing ethnic cleansing for at least a century to several different groups . 
  if you are n't russian you are fucked and at best do n't matter . 
  kazakhstan moved their capital just because russia is ruled by a bunch of kgb thugs that would gladly start another war to steal more land . 
  actually i do n't care what russia does inside of their own borders . 
  nato stopped serbian genocides inside of europe . 
  you are such a stupid troll . 
  no one gives a shit about russia and their shit economy outside of them acting like raging assholes to their neighbors with a massive inferiority complex . 
  russia has been completely irrelevant for decades and always will be in the future . 
  they had access to the best army in the world and kicked them out on their own accord . 
  usa was going to keep a back up force there to help them keep safe as developed their own army . 
  the usa is also not responsible for different sects fucking each other over every chance they got . 
  that exists all over the planet including the usa itself . 
  except the usa does n't go to war with itself over it or at least not recently . 
  iraq was fully responsible for their decisions that allowed islamic state to be able to attack . 
  the former iraq army was full of saddam sympathy . 
  a new army meant no reverting back to old government through a coup . 
  it might be just you . 
  even the women i know who do n't even live in portugal care . 
  rome was excellent . 
  i honestly thought this was a press conference for bento quitting . 
  the plan is democracy . 
  they ca n't control the government . 
  why ca n't the country be responsible for their own government actions ? 
  iraq government played a huge part in their current predicament . 
  same goes for syria . 
  there was a joint report that saw plenty of evidence of the struggle inside of estonia . 
  only one side of media uses censorship and murder to tell their `` truth '' . 
  rt was even pushing bullshit like ukraine shot down jet with fighter jets by accident because they were trying to assassinate putin and got the wrong plane . 
  who cares about beheadings when entire cities were destroyed ? 
  chechnya was absolutely demolished and so many people slaughtered . 
  they would n't have been killing people if they had their own country which is what they wanted . 
  russian forces are also still on the wrong side of the black sea as well even though they promised to get the fuck out over a decade ago . 
  russia does n't give a shit about peace . 
  they only invade countries that refuse to be a russian puppet . 
  it is my favorite when 9-11 being inside job is mentioned and kosovo was about ignoring democracy by breaking up countries against their will . 
  i do know the details . 
  it very clearly happened on estonian soil . 
  the difference is that those messages are from crack pots on eu side . 
  meanwhile the crazy messages on russian side comes from their own politicians and state controlled media . 
  the only reason ukraine is suffering through war is because of invasion by russia . 
  there is a long pattern of russia breaking up countries by arming separatists on their border .
