  it was different circumstances when they were doing badly . 
  look at how uk and usa have reacted to 2008 versus eurozone and it is n't even close . 
  do you understand how smug you are acting by telling people they do n't exist until you say so ? 
  shut the fuck up . 
  you must be a real charmer in person . 
  those illegal settlements are settled by nationalists and thugs . 
  you act like violence only exists one way . 
  they would all be dragged out of their homes and killed after the shit they have pulled . 
  there is no status quo . 
  israel continues to take more and more land . 
  usa does n't care about muslims . 
  that was so ten years ago . 
  how is the pay ? 
  where has usa failed to defend allies ? 
  if russia abducted an american on american soil it would be all over the news and americans would demand action immediately . 
  such as where ? 
  i guess we will see . 
  i never said you were wrong . 
  i just wanted insight . 
  austerity is n't working . 
  france is not alone when it comes to horrible results . 
  france is n't the only one that skirts rules either . 
  eu is currently a failed system that needs improved . 
  says the person that started by insulting americans when they interjected into the comments right off the bat . 
  you only doubled down when i pointed this out earlier as well . 
  you are a mental midget if you think bombing isis means breaking a `` treaty '' and you blatantly want to trash america . 
  take your bullshit elsewhere . 
  well hopefully ukraine flips to eu . 
  also to your comment , good . 
  let us not act as though human life is a precious commodity for putin . 
  he has no qualms for using war either . 
  your comments are correct though but only due to eu weakness . 
  i am not british . 
  my comments pertain to your behavior , not a group of people . 
  yes things from over a century ago are relevant . 
  the actions by bush administration were owned up to by obama and stopped . 
  i know any and every topic is a wonderful opportunity to bash america , but the topic was france and france is hardly alone on eu compliance . 
  on what planet is bombing a country breaking a treaty ? 
  that is no way for a state to function . 
  russia is mired in corruption and paired with a shit government . 
  i would gladly take the eu alternatives . 
  yes but the amounts compared to gdp are much smaller . 
  which treaties have the usa broken ? 
  and who breaks rules by accident ? 
  do n't confuse criticism of eu as me being against it . 
  i want eu to keep expanding . 
  i think eu can be improved , that is all . 
  and there are plenty of opinions that run counter to that . 
  this is chicken and egg reasoning . 
  the transfers are n't enough which dooms some countries to failure . 
  they truly are tiny numbers when you factor in the size of the economies of eu . 
  apparently only poorer countries have to follow rules as well ? 
  they also had tons of potential due to not being fully developed like western europe . 
  i do n't think it is right to dismiss poland like that . 
  as if only france does that . 
  how is france 's economy not recovering for the greater good ? 
  at some point the emperor really should be called out on how naked he is . 
  that is a goofy way to spell cunt . 
  better to be an idiot with your mouth shut than to open it and announce it to the world . 
  there is nothing gained here . 
  nowhere close to the amounts involved in usa . 
  those eu transfers are miniscule . 
  it is absurd that eu has allowed itself to be fractured so easily and so often . 
  there are so many positives to be gained by acting as one when it comes to bargaining . 
  all the more reason to get better suppliers that do n't use trade as a weapon to fracture eu at every opportune time . 
  federal money . 
  states are n't entitled to federal money . 
  this is also the country that props up states that are n't doing well instead of all of eu pointing and laughing at southern eu and watch things get worse and worse . 
  there are states that get literally double the money they pay in back from the federal government . 
  which in the end does n't matter . 
  is france supposed to doom itself to something they are against as a country just because eu says so ? 
  in the end the people of france are n't going to be saved by any outsiders if the rules do n't work out . 
  yes , downvotes for the flair . 
  so egalatarian . 
  it is called leverage . 
  putin views fuel as a strategic weapon . 
  russia is more than happy to suffer to use it while eu acts soft at every opportunity and makes excuses . 
  the fact that russia is selling china fuel cheaper than to eu which is their biggest customer is hysterical . 
  and the baltics were n't ? 
  when other countries have stable prosperous economies they can buy more german goods . 
  is it really that hard to look at the long game ? 
  usa would be a failure as a confederation . 
  once russia has sold the gas the countries are free to do as they please with it . 
  i can barely stomach talking about china in big subs . 
  the hardcore nationalism is unreal . 
  they pass what they think they can get away with . 
  there will be more if they smell blood and think can pull it off . 
  horrible . 
  from what i have read , it seems chinese are happy with their government as is and hk is an abomination to them . 
  i am interested to see how it is resolved . 
  i really hope it is n't like last time . 
  the idea of foreign governments telling me how my country should be budgeted makes my skin crawl . 
  registration makes my skin crawl . 
  you can buy anything under the sun over in pa. . only decent state that is near you . 
  fair enough . 
  so chinese think the hk stuff is home grown ? 
  everything i have read makes it seem like the mainland think hk needs to shut up and government should disperse protests . 
  / r/civpolitics, 
  good lord . 
  is catholic an insult still ?
