  rand paul can say whatever the fuck he wants , but usa hegemony and eu quality of life depends on usa having a huge fucking stick that nobody is dumb enough to go against . 
  if usa is only concerned with the inside of their borders , there is literally no reason to be allied with usa and their entire web of alliances they have built over the last century crumbles . 
  easy shot , picking on rt. 
  oh , i thought they froze assets as well . 
  my mistake . 
  are n't selective tariffs imposed on countries due to trade wars considered `` sanctions '' ? 
  easy shot . 
  i 'm not even remotely `` butmad '' . 
  do western countries have brainwashed drones ? 
  absolutely . 
  but that is n't from a concerted effort of government programming . 
  governments are n't able to pull it off because they lack control . 
  but yeah there is always a large group of people that have confirmation bias and just want to listen to people that say things they want to hear . 
  just look at fox news on a regular basis . 
  the `` west '' however is objectively better than russia in every possible metric . 
  there is nothing better about russia than eu or usa especially the media . 
  the `` west '' also is n't some monolithic bloc of countries . 
  these are a huge varied group of countries that literally span the entire globe and have a huge range of cultures and languages and traditions . 
  some people would not want to live in the usa and that is perfectly fine and there is lots of things you can criticize about the usa and i might agree with those statements right along with you , but there is plenty of other places that are also considered the west . 
  that is also why i think the what about amerikkka defense is patently absurd . 
  actually scratch that , for your own benefit , please do n't watch fox news . 
  i never said sanctions were `` punitive '' . 
  i simply said they are hit with sanctions at the end of the case to make up for it . 
  could be tariffs or seized assets or whatever it takes to make up for past damages if they ca n't resolve issue peacefully beforehand and the country is found guilty . 
  i never claimed media was n't biased , but there are huge amounts of sources and they can all be viewed at will and there is zero censorship . 
  none of that comes even remotely close to the shit that a russian has to deal with . 
  especially an older russian that is n't internet savvy and only speaks russian . 
  that scenario basically leads to a brainwashed drone especially since they were subject to ussr soviet propaganda for decades as well . 
  the journalists in russia literally have to fear for their lives if they say the wrong things . 
  any russian that plays whataboutism game is full of shit while things like that exist . 
  russia makes fox news look like amazing journalism in comparison . 
  it is pathetic . 
  and every time a russian apologist says western news is biased , they are trying to play on the whole both sides are equal fallacy which is completely false . 
  sorry , that was a misunderstanding caused by me . 
  i did n't mean you in particular . 
  i meant the flood of russian apologists that try their hardest to change the topic to usa at every opportunity . 
  i also think someone in america or eu has a huge range of media they have access to and they are all free to give their own opinions . 
  comparing it to a country that literally murders their journalists and pushes objective lies from the government as official news on a regular basis is ridiculous . 
  hell would freeze over before putin would get criticized in russia , meanwhile obama is insulted on an hourly basis inside of the usa . 
  no , just the whataboutism gets a bit old if you spend a second on / r/worldnews . 
  it happens often on / r/europe as well . 
  if the topic was usa , i would gladly go into it . 
  i have plenty of criticisms about usa . 
  i also have plenty of good to say . 
  i have absolutely nothing positive to say about russian government however and i feel fully justified in saying that . 
  when i criticize the russian government , it is n't a proclamation that usa is perfect . 
  the topic was never about usa . 
  it would be just as absurd as me turning the topic towards china . 
  sorry , but i just have no patience for the typical distraction tactics displayed by russian apologists . 
  i just kind of prefer being too big to be fucked with so that no one is stupid enough to go to war with usa . 
  it is much preferable to a country thinking they have a shot and gambling on winning and leading to millions of dead people . 
  what makes you think usa would ever abandon uk ? 
  commonwealth countries are incredibly united . 
  they are all usa 's closest allies and have remained that way for over a century . 
  usa flat out ca n't function by acting isolationist . 
  what are you trying to say with this comment ? 
  that usa should already have giant death robots ? 
  you are right . 
  it probably does n't have a charging port for the latest iphone . 
  article is clear propaganda . 
  with zero reasons to stop using that round either . 
  incredibly powerful . 
  do n't fix what is n't broken . 
  this is the official statement from russia . 
  specific accusations that estonia glorifies nazi propaganda and war criminals . 
  there is nothing vague . 
  but i know , amerikkka is the worst . 
  russia alone has murdered journalists in triple digits just under the reign of putin . 
  keep saying usa and russia are equivalent . 
  it makes you look very reasonable . 
  clinton never said putin was running death camps . 
  your article showed her making specific comparisons that preceded the beginning of wwii which all of usa and eu is very much not in favor of reliving and how she wanted a diplomatic solution created as quickly as possible . 
  how does this compare to daily accusations of people and governments being fascists ? 
  rt is state run media and the shit they say is getting closer and closer to north korean state media with every passing week . 
  the lies never end . 
  that is n't `` opinion '' either . 
  there are flat out objective lies and throwing around conspiracy theories to try to fool idiots with what is obviously being done by russian government . 
  just visit / r/russia they are russians themselves who are biased towards russia and even they call out the bullshit being done by russian government . 
  and no , snowden being wanted for espionage where he will get a trial which he very clearly was doing as a government employee does not equal murdered journalists in the triple digits . 
  yeah i was just going by what i knew on usa . 
  like i know all eos vehicles are made in portugal . 
  lambo is same company anyway . 
  so many brands fall under vw . 
  they are massive . 
  pretty sure the factory is near lisbon . 
  hitler was pushing nationalism hardcore with tons of propaganda and invaded countries under the same exact premise as russia . 
  that is different than calling everything left and right fascist . 
  i just have a random example from a couple days ago . 
  there are many . 
  also only one side is actively invading countries and lying about it and stealing land . 
  there is n't any debate here . 
  there is a reason russia is isolated . 
  i mean , there is zero justification for state controlled media and dead journalists . 
  countries that depend on censorship obviously are afraid of the truth spreading versus state propaganda . 
  russian media is state controlled and threatens journalists that do n't say exactly what the government wants . 
  western media comes from all over the world and are allowed to say anything they damn well please . 
  no , those two are n't equal . 
  it is completely false to say every single story has valid opposing ideas . 
  this is the kind of crap that creationists try to pull on a regular basis in usa . 
  i just showed a recent example of insanity from russia straight from their embassy .
