  anytime this topic comes up here it makes usa look like the united socialist states of america compared to the people in eu telling anyone that is poorer than them to go fuck themselves . 
  but my belt tightening !, 
  clueless people ranting that they refuse to suffer any negatives from the eu while getting as many benefits from it as possible . 
  who could imagine that happening ? 
  yes , because fiscal unions make regions weaker . 
  countries are not people and households . 
  eu in a nutshell . 
  justifying . 
  plus plenty of friendly immigration policies over the years . 
  just trying to cover their ass with lies . 
  but that is n't shameful . 
  i only refer to when europe was more technologically advanced than the rest of the world and richer as well . 
  those examples you said were incredibly impressive on their own . 
  europe in many of those examples was less advanced . 
  never said that . 
  i was just saying you were wrong . 
  oh yeah , excellent point . 
  / r/europe is heavily pro-american . 
  americans are never ever downvoted for merely being american here . 
  no negative comments are ever made about america or americans on this sub either . 
  i heard the banner of the sub was being changed to the american flag to recognize that eu is a willing usa vassal government organization . 
  i 'm not offended by stupid statements . 
  i also do n't control an army of voters . 
  yes , spain sure has some interesting politics . 
  usa is n't responsible for eu trade deals . 
  usa is not the eu . 
  russia flipped out that ukraine puppet got toppled after being a lying thug . 
  maybe he would n't have issues if he did what he promised and did n't solve protests by making it illegal and killing the people that do it . 
  there are also elections . 
  how the hell is usa deciding all of ukraine 's parliament and president ? 
  usa is n't responsible for the government of ukraine . 
  ukraine is responsible for their government . 
  why is it hard to believe that a country would want to associate with eu when all countries that do end up with a higher living standard long term ? 
  i am so sick of all these bullshit russian talking points . 
  russia acting like they have veto on foreign policy of all countries in europe being quite possibly the most insulting and smug of all of their talking points . 
  yep , you are right . 
  usa installed nazi junta in kiev and i 'll be glad when all russians are exterminated . 
  i am not dealing with your bullshit . 
  russia thinks democracy is fake nations that are their vassals doing exactly everything they want . 
  ukraine holds elections . 
  russia is n't a big fan of elections in general unless they are in russia with 100 + % turnout and putin being the only viable candidate . 
  yeah i roll my eyes every time i hear that damn word . 
  it is ridiculous . 
  just becomes white noise . 
  not if russia has any say on it . 
  they talk about nazis like other countries talk about weather . 
  i agree with you that it will eventually be ok again though . 
  then what the hell are you implying ? 
  you want an opinion that wv should educate their citizens more ? 
  you just stated it . 
  i agree with you . 
  it however is n't happening . 
  idiots do n't care about education . 
  how surprising . 
  i 'm sure they would be asking for help the second they were attacked . 
  i 'm almost positive that eu has a self defense clause which basically means uk and france pledging to protect europe . 
  countries being allowed to join nato absolutely is propaganda that russia uses as excuses to threaten and invade countries . 
  they also use it as an excuse to tell other countries who they are allowed to be allied with . 
  it was a comment about a russian diplomat . 
  i made a one off joke about something russia is involved in . 
  there was nothing `` joking '' about your derailing nonsense . 
  take your propaganda elsewhere . 
  except the federal government does n't decide how it gets spent . 
  the red states are full of poor people that suck up federal money while hating the government giving them the money and think all taxes are bad especially for bullshit like schools and environment regulations that cost jobs . 
   it 's natural that foreign powers are curious , and subs are supposed to be sneaky my sides . 
  what a pathetic group of people . 
  the people there get what they ask for . 
  west virginia hates all things government . 
  education spending is taxes they do n't want to pay . 
  so what are you suggesting ? 
  a dictatorship take over wv ? 
  excuse me ? 
  the capitalists ? 
  try saying something bad about coal in west virginia and see how many votes you get . 
  resource gathering industry moves on when there are no resources ? 
  you do n't say . 
  what exactly would you expect if you were a miner if there was nothing to mine ? 
  holy shit . 
  expelling diplomats that are spewing hate propaganda results in wwiii ? 
  interesting synopsis . 
  i hope you realize that expelling diplomats after repeated disgusting behavior would be justified and also does n't mean ending diplomatic relations . 
  that logic means everything is ok and nothing should ever be criticized . 
  there are lots of pictures in this thread of their work that they have posted . 
  it is all hate filled nationalism . 
  from what office ? 
  it is direct from the israeli government . 
  not only that , but from a diplomatic office . 
  imagine if john kerry said usa is going to bomb the shit out of a country on twitter . 
  that would n't be a problem since it does n't count on twitter ? 
  being on twitter does n't make it any less serious . 
  it is simply a medium of communication . 
  news agencies use it quite often . 
  where are you comments of disgust at the hatred being spewed by the official government of israel ? 
  and they can deny it all they want . 
  i 've seen their hateful comments myself on their twitter feed over the months . 
  they deny it when it gets big . 
  you are right . 
  they should probably kill another 1000 palestinians to compensate and calm their nerves some . 
  they are truly the one and only victims on the planet and walk on water . 
  using diplomacy as a platform for nationalistic propaganda is not some petty and quaint quibble .
