  the government is still a dictatorship , movement is still restricted , media is still controlled , political opponents and media are still oppressed , harassed , and murdered . 
  there are a few people up top that rob the country blind and the state owns all the major industry . 
  they are also living in shit conditions with horrible concentration of wealth up top . 
  compare the living standards versus the eu . 
  changing acronyms and holding sham elections does n't mean anything . 
  russia also declared that they would take over ussr position at un . 
  oh i do n't know , a kgb man that is the current dictator does n't count for you ? 
  like clockwork . 
  if you will notice , ussr people are still in charge of russia . 
  i tend to see them in poorer and more rural areas . 
  they pretty much are non existent in more well off areas and downtown cities . 
  this is just my own experience at least . 
  have you seen brits when they travel ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this has a high probability of happening . 
  i always liked the top down views more for whatever reason . 
  nice photo . 
  lucky you . 
  here in the usa they help the wildlife get around and are quite common . 
  possibly . 
  i just feel that you ca n't assume based on sex alone how someone will feel about gays . 
  i just might be describing my thought process poorly . 
  women can be just as hateful as men if not more so . 
  ca n't really stereotype hating gays . 
  any person can act that way regardless of sex . 
  if only men hated gays , it could very possibly cause themselves to alienate the women they want to be with who are accept gay people as they are . 
  i am glad we do n't run in the same circles . 
  how old are you ? 
  did you really smugly reference history from five years ago of something that has been around forever ? 
  sounds kinky . 
  i thought you preferred conservative traditions ? 
  why 2013 ? 
  why would either alternative be strange ? 
  is carrying crosses sitting comfortably at # 2 ? 
  continent , not eu . 
  eu has zero issues with watching wars happen right on its front lawn many times over . 
  having stable and prospering allies is now only a selfish motive ? 
  i would be more concerned if give me german populism was upvoted . 
  wait a second , what happened in puerto rico ? 
  what is wrong with construction ? 
  there are lots of useful trades involved there . 
  they are very profitable as well when you work for yourself . 
  ok , that 's ridiculous . 
  this thread has serious potential . 
  where did us come from in that comment ? 
  they do n't even know where that is . 
  saying near georgia will just confuse them . 
  why does n't the divorced putin live by traditional values ? 
  or is the only tradition that matters in russia marginalizing gays according to putin and his cronies ? 
  well after seeing those links , i am surprised the countries are n't bitter enemies . 
  not aware of what close to zero means ? 
  i guess distance helps with that one . 
  being exceptional is n't always positive . 
  thanks for perspective . 
  i always assumed government employees are paid well regardless of country . 
  is that considered a good wage ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i would have never thought that there would be conservatives that hate military spending . 
  or at least enough of them to be notable . 
  carry your share instead of advocating freeloading . 
  german troops are outnumbered in their own country . 
  the rest of europe is safe . 
  would someone against the military actually vote conservative ? 
  and you were wrong even when using your own sources . 
  well , usa is a nation of immigrants . 
  it seems weird to care about the uk having the usa as a colony and feel resentment . 
  usa has had close to zero hostility to the uk and vice versa over centuries . 
  it would be harder to be closer short of sharing a border . 
  although the white colonies were treated much better than the rest of the empire . 
  it is n't even close . 
  most of my family is in portugal , yes . 
  even in the craziest parts of the country slavery is still mentioned . 
  good luck finding someone that was taught in the usa that slavery did n't happen . 
  they actually do not want it and prefer status quo . 
  india and the uk were n't best friends prior to india breaking free either . 
  it is taught in history classes to every single person in the country as part of schooling . 
  who the fuck does n't know about stalin ? 
  it is not difficult to avoid taxes in the usa . 
  i did read it . 
  i do know that cutting for the sake of cutting only causes a deeper recession . 
  yes , but they think their own country is taking massive austerity cuts at home and out of spite and jealousy or who knows what are n't happy until the government is disbanded in greece to pay back every euro . 
  they expect out of greece what they would and could never do in their own countries . 
  apparently any and all government spending is frivolous and any inflation is a nightmare , so much better to tempt deflation spirals instead . 
  quite the oxymoron there . 
  well even the imf disagrees with you . 
  you talk as if keynes is some fringe theory . 
  for whatever reason it seems like everyone especially in northern europe is drinking austrian kool aid and ca n't get enough of the deflation spirals . 
  following the lead of eu leadership sure has done wonders though , right ? 
  austerity dogma has become religion in europe . 
  why would n't you support them ? 
  they are under vw . 
  yeah but no one lives out there . 
  that is expected . 
  because lying by omission is a thing . 
  that is incredible that so much of the province is just olive trees . 
  i only clicked this link to check for skynet references . 
  i liked the video . 
  what is wrong with seeing something friendly and uplifting ? 
  sure beats a link to some idiot radical politician talking about revoking neighboring countries of their independence . 
  do you actually live in `` european '' russia ? 
  i find it interesting how people choose to identify themselves when they live in countries that overlap multiple regions .
