  too many shirts and not enough bears in this picture . 
  so , the system would have failed if the system was arbitrarily shut down ? 
  great observation . 
  in the usa the government gave out loans and received all of them back on time or even early with interest . 
  this hypothetical observation proves absolutely nothing . 
  this also does n't equal massive world collapse and the world coming to an end . 
  this is the kind of shit i talk about . 
  and those people are stupid because they choose to be . 
  learning does n't begin and end inside of school walls . 
  do people go on with their lives never learning a thing past the age of 18 ? 
  i can blind you with links of usa media ripping obama a new asshole without even looking hard . 
  i can do it with bush as well although they will obviously be older . 
  media was covering all the deaths and fuck ups in overseas wars . 
  russia denies soldiers even exist and has the balls to say they die on vacation . 
  could you imagine some random private dying in bumbfuckstan for america and the government telling the family to shut the fuck up and it did n't happen ? 
  there would be fucking riots and calls for impeachment . 
  yes , great false dichotomy . 
  thanks . 
  is it less prevalent you think in big cities ? 
  the things you describe tend to describe rural areas more so in most countries . 
  i think that kind of reaction you are describing is most confusing for me when it comes from people who were n't even alive for soviet times or even better ones that do n't even live inside of russia . 
  those are the people that boggle my mind . 
  when someone in their 20s living in usa is a hardcore russian nationalist shouting about western propaganda and asking for proof every other sentence out of their mouth . 
  i do n't want to get into a huge tangent of usa education system on / r/europe . 
  libraries and the internet are available for people . 
  there is no excuse to be ignorant other than choice on very basic issues . 
  all of those examples are objectively stupid positions . 
  damn . 
  i wanted that to be a real sub . 
  i am being very sarcastic . 
  false equivalency sure does excuse a lot of bullshit with ridiculous rationalizations . 
  having your leadership being russian citizens born in russia and connections to russian government does wonders for that bullshit you are pushing . 
  well the job description kind of sets the tone . 
  do you have an opinion on why ? 
  is it something like pride possibly ? 
  that does n't make him any less of a moron . 
  education is readily available . 
  that was an nsa planted story to give them an air of objectivity . 
  we have to go deeper . 
  but what about 2008 ? 
  literally every dip in a market means western collapse and guaranteed dystopia is around the corner . 
  it is true . 
  i have no other sources that help me find all the growing nazi movements all throughout europe . 
  not even close when it comes to insane bias . 
  to this day they are still pushing that mh17 was shot down by ukraine military jets . 
  imma let you finish but www.zerohedge.com is the one of the greatest websites of all time . 
  well voting rights in a country where voting rights are pointless anyway . 
  stephen colbert is goat . 
  i do n't see why any sanctions should go away so long as crimea is occupied . 
  he is nothing but a nationalist attack dog that foments fascist bullshit for the domestic crowd to eat like red meat to animals . 
  you are a scumbag . 
  shifting towards communism s new concept . 
  scaring foreign capital by stealing companies is n't a work of genius especially when domestic industry is such a giant failure like russia . 
  i sure hope not . 
  that would fuck russia over for a long time . 
  government and internet do n't mix . 
  lots of clueless politicians with a lot of power and not enough brains to match . 
  why ? 
  you think he will start nationalizing companies or something ? 
  here we go . 
  what the hell caused this ? 
  that looked like a war zone . 
  could n't they poach some yugo engineers and get their industry off the ground ? 
  can we get the hague involved for forcing russians to drive lada ? 
  no no no . 
  do n't take what i said as an insult towards you . 
  i just meant pretty much even the most absurd naked aggression gets covered with ridiculous pretenses . 
  that was the hitler reference . 
  i did n't mean you called nato nazis . 
  well if we are going under `` pretext '' nato might as well be hitler . 
  i was talking about reality . 
  either way eu or nato is n't going to war over crimea besides economically punishing russia . 
  absolutely would n't happen . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  i am not trying to trash serbia , but russians were n't being murdered in crimea . 
  no one is trying to go to war against russia either well except ukraine . 
  ukraine did n't exactly have a choice in the matter though . 
  russia is only being punished economically . 
  they would never be that stupid . 
  based on what ? 
   not to mention hypocritical when translated to your opinion on separatism in ukraine , georgia or transnistria . 
  i 'm not sure what you are saying about this . 
  those places are shit holes that only survive because of russia propping them up . 
  transnistria is possibly the most miserable place in all of europe . 
  it is corrupt and violent and it is dangerous to even venture inside of it . 
  no they are more than able to become citizens . 
  learn the damn language . 
  they teach it for free . 
  russia is complaining nonstop and calling everyone nazi yet the things they complain about they do far worse of . 
  russia creates all of its own problems and problems for russian people . 
  it needs to shut up and worry about the conditions inside of its own borders . 
  instead it tries to stir shit up at any opportunity and thinks borders are optional . 
  the countries in question are trying to preserve their culture . 
  russia tried to erase their language and culture and have the balls to call these countries fascist today . 
  they are consistently agitating the russian population and attempt to use them as the perfect excuse for a fifth column . 
  the russians immigrants did n't emigrate there through peaceful means . 
  they are there because of ethnic cleansing . 
  they also are n't behaving like nazis . 
  if you want to be a citizen learn the damn language . 
  they also should try to push the native language .
