  it is n't just stadiums . 
  there are things like security as a random example . 
  well someone has to own scotland . 
  uk needs to get something for them during transfers before the contract goes up . 
  true . 
  they have n't invaded anywhere except the parts that they did . 
  foolproof logic . 
  i am sure there are some russians suffering from fascism in western ukraine as well . 
  i guess that means the greeks would have to shave . 
  not planning on having anyone show up ? 
  state run media . 
  honest . 
  pick one . 
  yeah and qatar players are world beaters . 
  i heard the games will be all over russia . 
  cities like moscow , kiev , odessa , etc. 
  yes and i hope for world peace but am not stupid enough to believe it . 
  you really are thick . 
  it happened literally this year but you are n't aware . 
  somehow you can spit out shit from decades ago against america that is wrong . 
  yes , somebody profits from stadium being built . 
  that is going to be a loss for government , but jobs are created out of it . 
  that was what i was trying to say . 
  how is construction a `` profit '' for a country . 
  i never said it was . 
  i simply was phrasing it that money gets spent on the local economy through it . 
  upgraded stadiums can possibly draw more business . 
  granted if they are stadiums that never end up used again , then of course that is crazy . 
  that is n't a surefire thing though . 
  having a world cup is advertising for the country as well . 
  there are reasons that countries compete for special events instead of acting like it is a burden . 
  if you hear how some people talk , switzerland could be invaded and it does n't matter since it is n't eu . 
  good thing poland joined nato in 1999 otherwise there would have been european countries selling the tanks to help russia with the assault . 
  i do n't know how amphibious ships use to take over beaches are defensive weapons . 
  all the countries in the black sea can now be invaded by self defense forces much more efficiently now if the need arises . 
  i guess georgia was too embarrassing . 
  eastern europeans are n't real europeans . 
  if you are n't part of western europe you literally do n't matter . 
  anyone know what is on the isis shopping list ? 
  they have plenty of cash now after the bank seizures . 
  do they get built for free ? 
  you think construction jobs are worthless ? 
  you think countries do n't make tourism revenue ? 
  do you think teams do n't use the stadiums after they are upgraded ? 
  i sincerely doubt usa built stadiums for wc . 
  i 'm sure the same applies for european countries as well . 
  if they did build them though , they would have been planned upgrades anyway . 
  so long as people can sleep warm in paris , eastern europe could go down in flames and everything is fine . 
  russia and france are best buds . 
  afghanistan attacked first . 
  vietnam was not invaded . 
  panama attacked first . 
  which of these places are the the 51st state ? 
  they do on their own country like chechnya . 
  ask the shia and kurds how wonderful this magical utopia iraq was prior to usa invasion . 
  saddam would still be in power if he was n't invading neighbors and not complying with peace treaty . 
  when you lose wars , you do n't get to make your own rules . 
  approval ratings ? 
  i hear north korea supports their leadership 100 % . 
  even more impressive . 
  leasing a base does n't give you a country . 
  otherwise usa could just take over many regions in europe using that ridiculous excuse . 
  imagine usa having special forces hide their insignia and take over government buildings and siege local military bases right in the middle of europe . 
  there are russians in new york city too . 
  maybe russia could try invading there next and make sure they are `` safe '' . 
  last time usa invaded and annexed a country ? 
  yeah because before a country gets the world cup they play in open fields kicking pig heads past trees for a goal . 
  maybe france can sell them more shells in case they run out . 
  so in that case it would be perfectly alright if he annexes all of europe before they join eu and causes instability in any country that attempts to join . 
  just ignore the pleading of countries that are in eu and/or nato for help and support just because you live in western europe just shows the strength of alliance that exists in name only . 
  it is absurd that you consider a country that allied france for hundreds of years as the biggest threat the country faces and is a joint military alliance . 
  maybe russia could bomb switzerland and france could sell them the bombers to do it ? 
  claiming you are n't anti-american is a lie . 
  i 'm glad my french friends do n't think along the same lines . 
  i am going by the fact that you consider the country that is n't invading other european countries as the bigger threat and say so repeatedly . 
  imagine obama publicly saying he considers france a threat to the usa , but not to take it as a big deal since he did n't use the word enemy . 
  the eu is also clearly a joke if it is just a collection of countries that only care about themselves over other members and no decisions can ever be made . 
  very easy to play individual countries against each other and make the group completely impotent . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  i assume you already put him down for the greater good . 
  did they find common ground on rape and corruption charges ? 
  right , so you think usa is the real enemy as you have said earlier based on fears and conspiracies . 
  meanwhile russia literally is using their natural gas to keep people in europe quiet and looking the other way while they invade other european countries and make the continent unstable . 
  you are more concerned about the unknown that has n't ever happened in over 200 years while ignoring the obvious that continues to happen by russia over and over . 
  those are some interesting standards you have . 
  and the oil market prices do n't change because you buy more oil from one group . 
  why would any company charge more when someone buys more and more of their product . 
  everything you say is completely inaccurate . 
  prices are set on a world market . 
  just comes across like rationalizations filled with conspiracy theories where the usa does something it has never done `` hypothetically of course '' while completely ignoring actions that are literally happening today by russia . 
  opec is who plays the biggest part in setting oil prices since they control so much of the market . 
  the usa does n't control oil prices besides their own oil . 
  thinking a company like exxon would embargo france is absurd . 
  show me an example . 
  do you have even one example of what is literally economic warfare on the part of the usa against france through oil ? 
  usa uses more oil than any other country . 
  it consumes far more than it sells . 
  your ideas are off base . 
  if france got away from one supplier , there is energy available all over the world . 
  oil is shipped all over the world nonstop .
