  they do n't allow russian citizens into their own country ? 
  the internal passport thing still boggles my mind . 
  i ca n't comprehend how a country could restrict travel in their own country . 
  i am a bit curious on what rights you are referring to . 
  the death penalty i am already aware of . 
  thanks for answering with something concrete . 
  man what a monster of a country that would have been . 
  europe would have been completely different . 
  what border ? 
  there is no border if russia controls both sides of it . 
  really brave on your part . 
  what is visa situation in russia currently like ? 
  i have heard of restricted travel outside of the country and even moving around the country as well . 
  i am sorry if this is a stupid question . 
  i do n't have any facts and am an obvious outsider . 
  haha . 
  yes , apparently there is common ground there . 
  the hate just feeds my amerikkkan fascism . 
  if you will excuse me i have a couple rallies to attend . 
  well no way usa gets caught with their pants down by having a crucial stone gap . 
  usa will also develop rubber and glue technology to be ahead of the curve in insult warfare . 
  truly glorious youtube comments calling ukraine fascists that killed tens of thousands of polish people . 
  russia the savior against fascism . 
  maybe he does n't have much choice when belarus depends on ussr 2.0 so much . 
  just as ridiculous as comparing turkey to the uk . 
  i obviously do n't consider iraq under saddam the same as turkey . 
  turkey most definitely is an islamic republic though . 
  they persecute christians and scare all of them away or at least the ones they were n't able to just slaughter outright . 
  no no . 
  i do n't give a shit about chess even though i acknowledge he is a genius . 
  i meant kaspersky in it . 
  he has a software company . 
  i did n't even know kasparov was in politics . 
  that was a bad analogy i think on your part but either way it is irrelevant . 
  although i thought he was russian and jewish so i am glad i at least found that out . 
  russia being that corrupt is fucking depressing and i am not even russian . 
  why was he forced into creating shell companies to rob his own public company of wealth ? 
  although yes i do understand he was arrested for purely political reasons . 
  they are n't german . 
  why should the eu provide free passage of tens of millions of poor muslims who view autocracy as regular old democracy ? 
  they want to move to europe and try to bring the middle east and asia with them . 
  if they love the life of middle east and asia so much , stay there . 
  the united states is not an oligarchy like russia . 
  that is absurd . 
  russia can have billionaires thrown in prison and their companies nationalized on a whim due to putin not wanting powerful rivals . 
  russia also has no industry or middle classes and lives in poverty . 
  comparing russia to usa is ridiculous . 
  there are tons of russia threads around , i am not being drawn into a russia tangent . 
  i never brought up usa comparison !, 
  they are the same in the same way that russia superseded ussr . 
  turkey was absolutely right to intervene . 
  what happened during that intervention though was bullshit . 
  you think cyprus actions were legit ? 
  ottoman empire is still turkey as well . 
  just as relevant as mentioning usa history from centuries ago . 
  i am not stating that you did that though . 
  good job being completely wrong . 
  the constitution states rights that exist . 
  the constitution is n't creating them . 
  also usa has stronger freedom of speech than europe . 
  keeping that circle jerk going though . 
  i will be eating my five hamburgers as a snack after lunch from the front row of church sitting next to my machine gun while i await your response . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  i do n't know the exact details . 
  i do n't use google to lie or have issues with saying i am not sure . 
  banning media is absolute bullshit . 
  i never had any impression that you supported the things i criticized . 
  i was n't criticizing you , just the government . 
  i do n't even know if you live in turkey and i do n't think that is relevant either way . 
  agreed . 
  agreed but you were the one bringing usa into the conversation . 
  agree again but it does n't change the results . 
  democracy is an irrelevant status if it does n't come with other things that are included with liberalism . 
  turkey is centuries behind western europe in that regard . 
  your what about amerikkka nonsense is nothing new . 
  it is a regular staple to bring up america in every europe thread or flat out down vote according to flair especially if it is a russian or american flair . 
  if the topic was actually usa i have zero issue talking about it . 
  you can insult me all you want . 
  you think you are the first person on / r/europe to insult an american ? 
  i am only mocking the ridiculous claims that voting means a country belongs in the eu . 
  apparently all democracies are equal . 
  i do n't recall america ethnically cleansing vietnam to populate it with americans and create a new country from thin air . 
  you can disagree with me , ask a random eu citizen how they feel about turkey joining eu , like greece for instance . 
  uh , are you suggesting a country be governed by ad hoc feelings at the moment ? 
  what kind of a ridiculous complaint is it that laws that declare freedoms are written down . 
  such as ? 
  what rights do the people of bulgaria have that are denied to americans . 
  yes , proving in trial that you say things i do n't like makes the jailing totally legit . 
  based on ? 
  north korea , greatest democracy on earth . 
  remember that time obama had everyone in fox news thrown in jail and shut down facebook ? 
  i did n't realize the us prison population were political prisoners . 
  completely different . 
  usa also teaches their population of the bad things the country has done in their history . 
  they are very aware of what happened to natives and issues like slavery unlike issues like armenians or kurds . 
  they also do n't invade islands and perform ethnic cleansing . 
  well it is as relevant as stating the ridiculous fact that only elections are a thing that make any country democratic . 
  the general laws of a country apparently are irrelevant . 
  why ? 
  if usa switched geography and population with turkey , they would have been in eu decades ago .
