  just due to snobs in western europe . 
  ukraine is fully european . 
  of course it was simplified . 
  i was looking for exactly that . 
  thanks for example . 
  interesting , what are you referencing when you say treaties amended ? 
  eu has different rules for ireland ? 
  i was born in the usa . 
  what does that matter ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  with some cyanide for kick . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  with all due respect . 
  neutral since when ? 
  is russia really keyser s\u00f6ze this whole time in front of us ? 
  russian trolls on world news . 
  claiming russia did n't exist in ussr and it was ukraine and georgia with all the power so they are responsible for all the bad . 
  the capital in moscow was a coincidence . 
  stalin is georgian as proof . 
  russia also sacrificed by taking all the nukes from the ussr . 
  ukraine also swindled russia by stealing crimea . 
  ukraine is not a vassal . 
  again with the snobbery . 
  i guess ukraine is n't a real country like finland . 
  you make lots of friends with that selfish attitude . 
  plenty of that present when greece needed help too . 
  `` fuck you , i got mine . '', 
  you think it does n't cost usa money to protect allies ? 
  the baltics asked for help and usa spent a billion at least sending forces there to reassure them they were safe when russia started acting crazy . 
  other countries did as well . 
  boo hoo i am finland and the only thing that matters is me . 
  all of the eu can get fucked so long as i am comfortable . 
  sorry , i do n't know what i was thinking with that brain fart with putin . 
  putin sure is your emperor now though . 
  i remember yeltsin well . 
  he was an embarrassment to even watch . 
  i can only imagine it from the perspective of a russian . 
  there is no excuse for moldova 's treatment . 
  you do n't sanction a country just because they trade with europe . 
  russia itself trades with europe . 
  my point with chechnya was they should have just been let go and there would have been no violence . 
  i do n't want to defend any actions that resulted in dead russians . 
  i do n't want any russians dying . 
  i just want russia to stop acting like a bully and fucking over anyone they can in europe to price how they are still some imaginary super power . 
  putin should be more concerned with improving the lives of russians and diversifying the economy and trying to bring capital into russia and keep educated russians from leaving to eu and usa . 
  instead he would rather kick around moldova and threaten ukraine and kill off reporters that do n't suck his dick on the air . 
  i ca n't wait until russia makes prime minister the most important position again the day before putin resigns once again . 
  where is this coming from ? 
  they will have the fields of western novo russia to feed them . 
  you think chechnya would have been attacking of they could be independent in the first place ? 
  or instead you think they just want to kill russians ? 
  did you see what putin did to grozny ? 
  dagestan never would have happened if they were sallowed to leave in the first place . 
  i am referring to both regions yes when i said moldova . 
  moldova was recently sanctioned for trying to trade with the eu and i think russia is trying to cause instability by keeping forces in transnistria . 
  that place has to be the absolute worst hell hole in all of europe . 
  are you listening to me ? 
  i am not insulting you or arriving with you for the sake of it . 
  i just agreed with you on israel and syria . 
  why are you saying i am calling anyone a freedom fighter ? 
  there are no freedom fighters in ukraine . 
  the prime minister is a russian citizen born in fucking moscow with ties to russian government . 
  i do n't cheer at russians dying from old wars with chechnya . 
  i just find it disgusting that putin brutalized them versus giving them freedom after ussr broke . 
  i do n't want any dead russians anywhere , except the ones crusading over into ukraine . 
  it is bullshit that russia is purposely causing instability and stealing land from ukraine . 
  this is exactly the shit i was talking about from finland and their snobby i am better than europe attitude while kissing putin 's ass . 
  just appease putin . 
  that always works well . 
  west side !, 
  california , knows how to party . 
  only if it is his parents . 
  he has his wallet to be concerned about . 
  i mean putin is n't hitler , he wo n't invade anywhere besides the places he invades . 
  sorry , ukraine , you are n't real europeans . 
  freezing food prices which fuck over businesses meanwhile they are robbing pension funds to get money due to sanctions . 
  is that tractor from belarus ? 
  i have had so many conversations where russians talk about how horribly they were oppressed under georgia in the ussr . 
  what ?!, 
  in germany ? 
  how backwards is kazakhstan ? 
  food crates ? 
  do n't you mean spoils of war given to glorious leader as concessions from allowing usa to live ? 
  i am sorry , are you complaining about kosovo ? 
  if serbians would stop genocide they would n't have a problem . 
  there were mass graves all over because of them . 
  i do n't give a shit about the balkans , but if they could stop trying to kill all their neighbors on their own it would have been great . 
  actually , i think assad is scum and i think some of the people involved in fighting him are awful too . 
  i do n't want intervention there and i agree with putin . 
  i was criticizing that he does n't follow his own advice . 
  syria is also not a european democracy like ukraine . 
  absurd comparison . 
  usa is also not annexing syria . 
  moldova , yes . 
  are you not aware of how russia turned the area into a shit hole with their peacekeeping invasion over twenty years ago and they still remain there ? 
  or how russia punished them with sanctions when they had the audacity to try to trade with eu instead of being a permanent poor slave to russia ? 
  they use clouds to supplement the cork and wine money . 
  i am referring to the initial peace keeping that split up georgia in the first place . 
  would you like to defend actions in moldova and ukraine as well ? 
  or chechnya ?
