  no fucking shit the world is against them . 
  well ok , you are n't paranoid . 
  you are right . 
  you sure are justifying everything they do though and putting everyone else to blame for the mere desire to not live in poverty and be safe from being invaded and to be able to make their own decisions . 
  you are the one saying that russia is fighting for their existence which is the most melodramatic bullshit excuse you could possibly give . 
  countries do n't get to own other countries as `` buffers '' . 
  russia is a has been country . 
  they are the largest country in the world and yet they are the most aggressive country in the world when it comes to seizing land and attacking countries on their borders . 
  destroy ? 
  how ? 
  who is attacking ? 
  when was russia attacked ? 
  was the baltics joining eu and nato so they are protected and now have much higher living standards than russians versus being occupied by russia somehow making russia in risk of no longer existing ? 
  do you understand how paranoid you sound and absurd ? 
  russia needs to protect its existence by making sure they have slave countries ? 
  sounds totally justified . 
  i wonder why this line of thinking led to all these countries running from russia at every opportunity . 
  i would have never guessed such a result . 
  i wonder why russia has difficulty maintaining allies . 
  maybe they could stop invading their neighbors and it would help . 
  no one has attacked russia . 
  pretty easy to sit there in canada while telling people in eastern europe that they are n't allowed to act independent and trying to trade with the eu means the country gets invaded . 
  meanwhile russia openly does massive trade with eu . 
  then you wonder why they get violent . 
  that vassal bullshit only lasts so long before people snap . 
  then you have the gall to say people that want to be independent are genocidal against themselves as though they asked to be invaded by a bigger country . 
  you have every excuse in the world to justify any horrible thing perpetuated by putin and his power hungry brutal thugs and yet ukraine is genocidal for defending invasions . 
  it is one thing if russians support putin or are to apathetic or afraid to kick him out . 
  it is a whole other story when people living in other countries have to deal with his barbaric actions that affect the lives of tens of millions of people . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i do n't have to watch that video . 
  i have already seen it . 
  i have seen that video and many more of his . 
  none of these videos justify russia telling neighbors who they are allowed to trade with . 
  it is patently absurd that people in ukraine are n't allowed to improve their economy and are forced to live in poverty because of putin 's ego . 
  no wonder they eventually snapped in riots after their president blatantly lied about his biggest promise right when it was time to sign the deal . 
  i just told you i 've seen several of his videos . 
  none of the explanations on putin thinking he controls countries that are n't named russia legitimizes his paranoia and belligerence . 
  no russia is not under attack and no they are n't in danger of `` ceasing to exist '' . 
  it does n't get crazier than seeing you put that shit in writing . 
  who is attacking russia exactly ? 
  germany ? 
  who says russia needs to keep attacking neighbors to survive ? 
  what stops russia from diversifying their economy ? 
  fighting for their existence ? 
  good lord the delusions of grandeur and paranoia know no bounds . 
  i 've seen that user caspian report . 
  i think it is interesting stuff and have watched lots of their/his videos . 
  in your own words , how is russia going to cease to exist ? 
  i do n't want link spam . 
  wtf ? 
  how the fuck is russia in danger ? 
  danger from what ? 
  how is russia going to cease to exist ? 
  how does the russian government function if it seems every last employee just recently retired or is constantly on vacation ? 
  apparently james bond is n't elaborate enough . 
  you ca n't negotiate with russia . 
  putin just wants more and more . 
  even right after this `` peace '' where russia created a russian puppet region and straight up stole crimea , they are telling ukraine they will retaliate if they trade with eu . 
  it is total bullshit . 
  russia wo n't be happy until ukraine is permanently stuck in poverty and reports directly to him which is what life was like until the puppet president left the country after the people finally snapped . 
  russia would be doing the same to the countries that are n't in nato if they were n't in nato . 
  he wants his empire . 
  you do n't negotiate and reason with invaders . 
  yeah , easy to tell other countries to negotiate when they are invaded while you sit at home safe inside of nato . 
  your reasoning leads to half of europe still living with no future of improvement all for the sake of not offending russia . 
  all these countries that got rid of russian influence are on their way or already surpassed russian quality of life . 
  russia just wants to keep failed puppet states surrounding them so the people can feel proud of their imperialism and not get jealous of how the people in poland and baltics and other countries are leaving russia in the dust right on their border . 
  your reasoning would leave every former soviet bloc country rotting out of fear of offending yeltsin or putin . 
  they are independent countries and they deserve the chance to have good lives just like other people . 
  when you go on about `` reality '' you are saying it is ok for russia to completely fuck over countries . 
  so concerned about `` genocide '' yet very quick to tell ukrainians to shut the fuck up and be good russian slaves and do n't you dare hurt putin 's ego . 
  continue excusing russia 's behavior as `` reality '' while railing against ukraine for pretending they are an independent country . 
  you know how many ukrainians would have been killed if russia did n't invade ukraine several times ? 
  zero . 
  yes as if people are really convinced . 
  what should ukraine have done ? 
  where do you think war happens ? 
  in open fields away from everyone where everyone carries flags high over their head so you know exactly where they are from and who they fight for ? 
  moving the goal posts ? 
  i have yet to get an answer on my first initial question . 
  countless replies of nothing but dodging . 
  i think the eu in current form is at some completely screwed up middle ground that needs to be improved . 
  the eu absolutely does control it . 
  the uk is able to control their own money . 
  these countries that you are telling to fuck off are n't able to . 
  when you do n't even have your own currency it is a bit ridiculous to say they are on their own . 
  the eu is a complete failure and i 'm relieved that usa has a lot of federal power so that this kind of bullshit does n't go on on this side of the atlantic . 
  supplying the rebels as if they are n't the rebels themselves . 
  even the leadership from the beginning was people direct from moscow and were involved in crimea as well . 
  just bouncing around to where russia wants to create new conflict buffer zones . 
  yet you still ca n't answer the question . 
  that pretty much says it all . 
  evil ukraine just committing `` genocide '' for fun and using these brave rebels as the perfect excuse to finally get a chance to kill off their own people . 
  you have no idea how a foreign country invading and taking over cities has any effect on civilians dying ? 
  interesting . 
  and yet , still no answer if russia has invaded ukraine from you . 
  it is a very simple question that you wo n't answer . 
  do you think russia has invaded ukraine or not ?
