  europe benefits more than the usa does because they are the ones making out financially as far as tax spending goes . 
  that fucking user name , lol . 
  i will take one hard working grateful balt over 10 whining gutless `` occupied '' germans . 
  russia has no ability to project globally . 
  their power past immediate borders is suspect and navy is pitiful at projecting . 
  their network of bases around the world is one in syria in the middle of civil war . 
  the usa has forces anywhere they want as needed . 
  they are not at war with taliban . 
  they are allied and assisting afghan government . 
  and one criminal politician fleeing to russia is not toppling a government . 
  there were elections almost immediately and the parliament still existed . 
  100 % not a coup . 
  coups do n't really like to have immediate democracy months after . 
  there were no outside governments forcing it either . 
  russia however ... 
  not alone but with partners . 
  ca n't be done alone . 
  i just need it to last until i die . 
  after that who knows . 
  logical end ? 
  world hegemony , seems to work well for people under the umbrella of the usa and allies . 
  i use mobile mostly so i have to remember names from memory . 
  korea was invaded . 
  ukraine was invaded . 
  neither are the fault of the americans . 
  russia is not a global power . 
  they are n't even the strongest military on their own continent , america is . 
  the ussr was a huge global power . 
  it had been awhile . 
  is that a name you give many ? 
  what is the difference ? 
  one requires the other . 
  me personally i prefer to be on the killing side versus the dying side . 
  til usa are the evil guys in korea as said by the nazi apologist . 
  poor poor bavarian . 
  how hard it must be for those innocent nazis and the citizens that supported them and invaded europe . 
  in that case , ukraine is safe as fuck with zero american forces . 
  german logic . 
  stick to taking advantage of euro and freeloading . 
  +1 feels for poor wwii losers/victims that were carved up as spoils by evil allies . 
  what is wrong with being a good ally ? 
  enough forces to go around . 
  do they come with cup holders for a 750ml bottle ? 
  does anyone know around what time period the native roma were displaced by the current romanians living there now ? 
  russia would not want the territory of it was worthless . 
  so , like chechnya ? 
  there it is . 
  would n't want to miss the quota . 
  europe does n't care about emissions ? 
  that is new . 
  do n't try to act like that is a prevailing opinion . 
  crashed . 
  i twitched . 
  i mean , i am not even joking around with my reply to them . 
  the description is moral dictator surrounded by genocidal terrorists at every turn including complete infiltration of the dreaded fifth column . 
  i am just impressed at the restraint with the lack of gulags . 
  true , true , anyone critical of erdogan must naturally be literally terrorists in almost every single case . 
  you realize you are making your country sound like a war torn banana republic , right ? 
  if you think complaining about individual youtube videos and shitting on the media in general including with jail and censorship is normal , your perspective is on a very different level from mine . 
  he is just a rich dude on a campaign saying stupid things for stupid voters . 
  it is n't even general election time yet . 
  you ca n't compare that to a guy with a proven career of actions . 
  i do get what you are saying though . 
  trump has not actually done anything . 
  erdogan has . 
  get a kindle and play it safe . 
  plurality , not majority . 
  older leaders are not adapting to internet information age quickly enough . 
  it will be scary when younger leaders are able to fully utilize it to their advantage with negative intentions . 
  this logic also could apply to eastern ukraine separatists . 
  that logic means setting up a puppet means you never occupy anywhere . 
  somewhat legal ? 
  that is for purely political reasons because russia clearly goes their own way and is part of europe . 
  how in the world are british white colonies western , but the spanish , portuguese , and french ones are n't ? 
  is latin from asia or africa or something now ? 
  i am waiting to hear irish are not really white next . 
  are we trying really hard to make west completely devoid of meaning ? 
  how are latinos not western ? 
  they were all frauds, 
  cool story . 
  russian military is still involved trying to destroy country . 
  just reminding you that people do n't forget . 
  no one forgets what russia is doing inside of ukraine . 
  even republicans do n't like associating with iraq . 
  and built up a few camps to make up for it as well . 
  sorry that people are emotional about crazy fucks killing people on purpose completely randomly at mass transit locations used by millions daily . 
  this is like people talking about cancer to downplay murder . 
  so you want to make this normal too ? 
  slavery ended in large part because of machines . 
  what double standards ? 
  whose fault is that ? 
  you are describing society since the beginning of time . 
  the world is not peaceful . 
  and the car accidents and the suicides and heart disease . 
  let 's not leave out any deaths to blame security for some reason . 
  the swiss could be nuked and i guess it would n't count . 
  what does that have to do with any random citizen born right now in europe ? 
  do you think i 'm not aware of colonies ? 
  as if all countries have not had to defend themselves at all times . 
  ah , yes , so some poor as fuck common citizen stuck under a fascist should feel responsible and owe people ?
