  they have proof already . 
  plenty of nato countries do nothing . 
  i really have no interest in invading european countries . 
  i just do n't see what there is to lose in being part of nato . 
  who is invading scotland ? 
  could have fooled me . 
  you are only slightly better than / u/magadget with the russian trolling . 
  ussr was over twenty years ago . 
  austria still has no military to speak of . 
  sure absolutely , but the roman empire lasted over a millennium . 
  usa also does n't abandon allies . 
  they have been allies with france since day one . 
  allies ate allowed to disagree . 
  uk blaming usa is scapegoating . 
  uk made their decisions on their own . 
  i do not consider uk as a lap dog in the least . 
  that goes for all of europe . 
  i get a bit annoyed at the crying over imperialism while freeloading and not paying for their military , but that is nothing compared to my complaints about usa internal politics . 
  so like austria and switzerland . 
  have no military and freeload off nato protecting europe . 
  you are a putin apologist who uses a standard of proof that will never be met to pull off your ridiculous assertions of being wise and neutral . 
  no one buys the shilling . 
  yeah , just a coin flip . 
  total chance . 
  which norway ? 
  i do n't know of the one that is n't in nato . 
  and the future third one . 
  they are heroes and should be treated as such . 
  i just do n't understand how russia could be that brainwashed even after ussr collapsed . 
  oh plenty in europe say there is no proof and play along with the game though . 
  nobody gets screwed over harder by russia than the russians themselves . 
  it is no wonder they have no clue how to deal with other countries on friendly terms when they ca n't even treat their own citizens decently . 
  i can only imagine how a russian ex pat feels after leaving to still have to watch the government 's actions . 
  i find just iraq alone to be humiliating as an american . 
  the best part of that statement is that it had a tiny sliver of truth in it . 
  it was my understanding that uk government was just as involved in believing the weapons claims . 
  i think americans were just as duped as the british . 
  i thought iraq was a big mistake even if it was justified just because it took attention from afghanistan . 
  plus the massive debt incurred on americans . 
  one war should n't change a tight knit alliance that spans over a century . 
  i could n't imagine any situation of usa abandoning uk or any commonwealth country . 
  i do n't hate you . 
  not in the least , but why would you want to reward a country that is taking over another ? 
  usa is n't the one annexing land in europe . 
  how is usa 's position the extreme one . 
  who said `` neutral '' is a good thing . 
  neutral just rewards bad actions . 
  there is no such thing as neutral . 
  still way better than the rest of europe . 
  usa is n't going anywhere . 
  uk is their biggest ally . 
  well on that i agree completely . 
  the fact that they celebrate their dear leader and some russians even consider eastern ukraine to be russian territory . 
  only a matter of time before they consider all of ukraine theirs too . 
  that is disgraceful in every possible way . 
  i mean if they were spies it is one thing , but fucking over regular soldiers and leaving families screwed with dead family members and no benefits and forced to lie is despicable . 
  who do they think they are fooling ? 
  do they know the internet exists and soviet propaganda does n't work ? 
  yeah so is being invaded by neighbors . 
  you forgot to add complaining about american imperialism during all of it . 
  uk breaks the mold though and has a strong military . 
  and you do n't view that as a monumental failure ? 
  if it was n't for clinton , nothing would have been done while genocide happens right inside of europe . 
  eu is on past with us economy . 
  there is no reason for being incapable of military action in their own backyard . 
  no one suggests war as a first answer , literally no one does . 
  diplomacy however does n't work at all if it is left just to eu because they show time and time again they are impotent and permanently easily divided . 
  just a few bribes and they are easily pitted against each other . 
  the point is eu wanted to do absolutely nothing . 
  yeah , i do n't disagree . 
  same thing happens in usa . 
  it takes awhile before they become `` american '' and learn language etc. 
  it can take waiting for their children even before they end up being german and might have little education etc. 
  everything you are saying , i do n't doubt for a second that is true . 
  the problem is not letting people in is guaranteed failure down the road . 
  well if you are so quick to help russia fuck over their neighbors , you should have to live with the results since you love them so much . 
  you are right . 
  i should watch the european reaction to kosovo for a perfect example on how to handle things . 
  i honestly was n't sure . 
  i only got the idea from here to be honest of a demo problem . 
  seems weird for some european countries to both be shrinking and getting old while complaining about immigrants at the same time . 
  i have lots of family in portugal so i get really sarcastic when i see germany complaining about how their economy is affected while controlling the economies of other countries as they get destroyed . 
  i am used to instant downvotes the second my comments show up on any topic here , so thanks for the in depth replies . 
  why buy the cow when it shills for free ? 
  well thanks for explaining the internal politics . 
  from the outside it looks like a big chunk of the eu is getting punished to help german exports and inflation would do a lot to help them . 
  austerity nonsense is solving nothing . 
  this notion that inflation literally means weimar republic seems absurd from my end . 
  it is a shame that your country despises their own military . 
  germans are n't evil and putting on a uniform does n't magically change that either . 
  this fear of random genocide literally enables genocide like when they wanted to do nothing in the balkans . 
  helping out in africa today would also be a great help . 
  does germany really have a demographic problem of no growth and getting old as well ? 
  usa kind of gets around that with massive immigration . 
  i admit i am biased against germany because my family is from southern europe and this austerity shit is fucking over half of europe hard . 
  the military talk though is crazy nonsense . 
  i would n't pay it any mind . 
  what is the reasoning with germany 's lack of attention to military ? 
  i do n't understand turning down requests for help from uk and france etc. 
  in african peacekeeping missions .
