  you are delusional if you think a country that promotes censorship and arrests journalists has any business sniffing eu membership in their current form . 
  might as well get russia as well since they are so democratic . 
  why do n't you ask the average citizen in eu which country they feel more free in , turkey or usa ? 
  what do you think the answer would be ? 
  do n't you have parades to be organizing and fake blood to be buying ? 
  i could probably get some journalists from turkey who disagree , but i ca n't afford the bail money to get them on reddit . 
  saddam always won his elections too . 
  shame iraq did n't join the eu since it was democratic . 
  mob rule and democracy are different things . 
  mob rule would have allowed slavery to continue in the usa . 
  just because a country has people that like censorship and arresting opposition and making it unsafe for people that do n't toe the line does n't make it a democracy by western liberal standards . 
  in case you did n't realize , it is a european club . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to be a liberal democracy and enact the freedoms that come with it , do n't be surprised when you get rejected . 
  even worse is how those freedoms can quickly be removed based on an election versus being freedoms that are cast in stone in the constitution like a real democratic country . 
  ha , well i comment based on the comment , i do n't read the name . 
  what i said still stands . 
  people voting for a hard liner just proves they want an islamic state with all that comes with it . 
  a shame considering the history of turkey . 
  yes and you are allowed to speak about those horrors , you know , like armenians . 
  you can have muslims in government . 
  the country is full of muslims !, 
  the issue is with censorship being the norm and prisons and police used as political tools of power . 
  yeah who cares if it is dangerous to support opposition in the country . 
  still democratic even if you go to jail when you say the wrong things and the government tries to censor the entire population . 
  yeah but do the british send aid workers to ireland and then quickly annex it to save the population ? 
  i am honestly too scared to go there even as a tourist and remain trapped with everything that is happening . 
  putin looks like he wants war . 
  that guy seems like he was a crook but was singled out . 
  how about kaspersky ? 
  he seems to be an alright guy . 
  it is very depressing that putin is a hero . 
  he is running the country to the ground . 
  yeah , usa somehow caused issues in mali . 
  remember all those american colonies ? 
  remember how america did n't want to do anything about libya but went because allies asked and america never turns down allies when they needed help ? 
  i did n't get gorbachev but the other ones were obvious . 
  i thought russia had money and even bribed ukrainian people and soldiers with raises and higher pensions in crimea . 
  i do n't get why at least one oligarch does n't just clean up and become stupid powerful and known throughout the whole world like a russian gates or walton . 
  there is unlimited resources , i just assume russia could be an industrial powerhouse in the right conditions . 
  if i had money and was russian , i would want to make my country great again and create my own businesses empire that could compete against the rest of the world and gain immense power through swarming the pride and respect of russians . 
  that seems like such a greater and longer lasting prize than banging whores every day and going to clubs in expensive cars . 
  seriously ? 
  you think usa does n't already spend a ton for military operations on their own ? 
  i like that answer even better than bringing freedom bombs . 
  sure does n't embarrass the israelis . 
  leading is a real bitch , ai n't it ? 
  what the fuck you going to do with an ice breaker in a war ? 
  who cares if russia has an icebreaker ? 
  usa probably has subs in the north sea as we speak off russia 's coast . 
  nato has the arctic on lockdown if russia tries anything stupid . 
  russia keeps causing trouble with canada in regards to claims , but no way usa allows that to happen . 
  but does n't leaving the euro automatically require leaving the eu ? 
  i would think things like free trade and movement and no need to exchange money would improve all of europe as a whole . 
  it seems like a huge trade off , because it is n't as simple as just a shared currency . 
  i honestly do n't know what the right answer is . 
  it seems like portugal 's issues are not as simple as the euro . 
  the euro is n't making portugal a nation without jobs or young people or giving portugal corruption . 
  bes failed strictly due to corruption for example . 
  sorry , man . 
  i was n't trying to depress you . 
  i do n't understand how there is no industry . 
  you guys were some of the best in the world decades ago . 
  how can there be no industry with unlimited resources ? 
  it boggles my mind that the country ca n't produce anything . 
  same for schooling . 
  it had a large population and produced geniuses for scientists and engineered decades ago . 
  now i do n't know if russia is able to accomplish anything without buying it from the eu . 
  it is quite sad to see that fall . 
  russia has such a great history and much to be proud of . 
  i honestly do n't get putin . 
  instead of improving the country , he is trying to make russia into north korea . 
  why is there so much poverty ? 
  i thought average gdp was like $ 12k ? 
  that is n't rich , but i would n't call it poverty either . 
  i mean there are eastern european countries worse than that . 
  i thought citizens consider putin a hero due to a drastically improved quality of life ? 
  what other use is an ice breaker ? 
  i have seen these pictures before . 
  i just assumed they were joke shirts . 
  using that logic , i want to see the portuguese police chasing criminals in an eos with the top down . 
  who do you arrest with a tt ? 
  i have zero issues with you . 
  why are you saying i am insulting ? 
  that was n't my intent . 
  i do n't need a god to tell me to treat people decently or not kill them . 
  i can criticize us government as well . 
  why do you say russia is even worse than stereotype ? 
  i always imagined moscow and st petersburg to be very nice cities . 
  i was just agreeing with some of your prior comments . 
  however as soon as you started talking about how they are equivalent again i disagreed . 
  i am an atheist that hates bullshit reality shows . 
  i am capable of thinking on my own . 
  russia is objectively worse than usa there is no moral equivalence that is logical that can change that . 
  oh right . 
  i am sure if there was a vote all of `` historical '' russia would love to be russia again . 
  we also see how much russia cares about determination by the leveling off grozny . 
  you describe bandits like russia is somehow better and not ruled by a handful of oligarchs that gained their riches from that corrupt drunk president . 
  russia needs to stop pretending every non russian is a nazi while acting like it themselves . 
  i agree controlling your own currency is extremely beneficial . 
  my only concern is losing the benefits of being a part of the rest of the eu .
