  that is n't how democracy works . 
  sometimes people do n't get what they want . 
  sometimes people live without the leaders that they want . 
  you do n't see texas splitting off from usa any time the president they do n't want does n't win an election . 
  no country can survive like that . 
  that sounds incredibly complicated . 
  could you possibly expand on that ? 
  because it happened centuries ago . 
  also , there was no `` war '' . 
  it was russia doing it to their own citizens for the sake of making it `` russian '' . 
  it is a fucked up government . 
  good luck finding other countries with that kind of recent history . 
  that land also has no business belong to russia in the first place . 
  it does n't even connect to russia . 
  it makes no sense for it to belong to russia compared to ukraine . 
  i also find it to be absurd that tatars should be forced into having their land given back to russia based on `` self determination '' of a group of people that government shipped into their home after killing them off and deporting them out . 
  it was a bullshit vote they did n't even take part in . 
  they have been there for centuries . 
  how is that equivalent to industrialized ethnic cleansing of your own citizens only decades prior ago versus living there for centuries ? 
  they have lived there longer than most countries of europe have existed . 
  you also ca n't criticize a nomadic group of people because they originated from somewhere else . 
  your logic does n't carry any weight . 
  using that logic means hungary does n't belong to hungarians . 
  also , the biggest reason this stuff is getting brought up now , is because russia is playing ethnic games for blatant power grabs . 
  they either use ethnic groups to grab land for themselves or to keep areas stuck in war so that russia is stronger than every neighbor on their border and keeps everyone away from them . 
  anything in their history seems completely irrelevant though . 
  who cares about `` diversity '' ? 
  it is only diverse because it is a large country that kept conquering people and always trying to grow . 
  they lost hundreds of years of work in a matter of months in 1991 and now they act like insecure assholes trying to prove to the world how they are still a super power and refuse to leave any of their neighbors alone . 
  the only countries that get left alone are mongolia and china and that is just because they are all the way out in siberia and because china is much stronger than russia . 
  but , they have n't . 
  this government has existed since 1991 . 
  how are they unique versus the rest of the world ? 
  the country is n't `` diverse '' when you compare it to countries outside of europe . 
  since when does diversity somehow justify invading countries or thinking neighbors are vassals or murdering your own reporters or spending all your money on the military instead of modernizing the country 's infrastructure ? 
  usa says hello . 
  yeah , russia needs a police state because they are literally the only country on earth that is n't 100 % homogeneous . 
  how does that even justify that kind of government in the first place ? 
  what does that even mean mediator state ? 
  what , does russia get brought along as a translator for eu and china trade deals ? 
  which means nothing . 
  they are n't independent and it certainly is n't a nation . 
  that is as relevant as renaming california the republic of california . 
  now they have their own nation . 
  so , russia can use ethnic cleansing there only decades ago to make it so lots of russians live there on purpose as part of russification , then use that as an excuse on why it belongs to russia after ukraine had the audacity to claim they were an actual country ? 
  you really do n't think it is absurd to claim concern over ethnic groups and self determination while leveling sections of your own country when they dared to want independence themselves as well ? 
  russia purposely moved ethnic russians into all the areas they occupied and performed ethnic cleansing all over the country . 
  now that russia does n't have that land anymore they are using those russians like a backdoor for invasions and land grabs . 
  how the hell is that being their homeland for centuries somehow irrelevant ? 
  how is that somehow equal to russian ethnic cleansing ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  one of many groups all throughout their empire . 
  yes you are right . 
  so russia does n't have democracy in order to sacrifice so the rest of europe can have it ? 
  to prevent china and japan from invading europe ? 
  i am so lost . 
  how was invading in 1968 excused when nazis were already wiped out decades prior ? 
  he makes my head hurt just trying to think that through . 
  how the hell is that a country ? 
  that does n't change that crimea had a majority of tatar before stalin fucked them over . 
  except the vast majority of them were fucked over by stalin and not there anymore . 
  what nation is this ? 
  well why the hell should they ? 
  through history ? 
  you are referencing a century ago . 
  they are part of nato for decades . 
  longer than most of eu actually . 
  i am not saying the inside of their country is amazing , but i do n't see them as an external threat . 
  yes , but even if the gas comes from close to the pacific , those pipes already existed in russia and all the networking has been built across europe from russia . 
  this is n't the case for north africa . 
  you ca n't buy gas if someone ca n't deliver it to you . 
  delivering it to portugal is very different from getting it to germany . 
  this was your best comment out of everything . 
  yes because what really makes people more human is forcing them to live in poverty with no hope for improvement . 
  good job completely ignoring the point about debt relative to gdp . 
  debt does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  i assume everyone buys their houses and cars in poland only in cash to avoid being immoral ? 
  but how the hell is turkey a threat ? 
  siberia has nothing to do with it . 
  pipelines are already built which is all that matters . 
  russia has an extensive network to sell fuel to europe . 
  this is where they gave a huge chunk of their revenues for the state coffers . 
  oh i misunderstood . 
  sorry about that . 
  alright , do n't answer if you do n't want then . 
  usa has n't had a vast colonial empire . 
  they at most have had some islands here and there . 
  what are you considering as colonies ? 
  you can call me a douche all you want . 
  i was mostly wondering what you were referencing . 
  my initial comment about the painting the entire map thing was a joke though . 
  they probably were pro-russian if i had to guess as well . 
  i just could imagine them being anti-russian is a possibility but might not have had options and all of ukraine being a war zone while ukraine forces are too scared to attack across the russian border . 
  so a quick jump over that border means you wo n't die . 
  i just imagine travel might not be safe for those trapped in those pockets of fighting . 
  that border being right there could be very appealing for people fearing for their life . 
  i have a hard time criticizing civilians in a war zone . 
  i agree that one opinion does n't speak for a country , but it seems like a lot more than a fringe opinion as of late . 
  why ? 
  because i realize nothing is free ?
