  never fails . 
  fucking assholes dared to protest . 
  only natural that the result is an invasion by russia . 
  america also would n't be a superpower if we based the economy on only helping california , texas , and new york while never transferring money to other states . 
  by the way , the states go compete against each other by throwing subsidies at companies like no taxes through tax breaks and things like that , but at least the federal taxes are collected on everyone and is spread all throughout the country . 
  haha , never change , serbians . 
  complaining about fuck the eu while taking aid from eu . 
  oh , i did n't realize that eu does n't dictate policy to governments and that smaller countries have zero control over their own fiscal policy . 
  much easier to make them look like useless countries while the eu caters to whatever benefits germany . 
  do you want a cookie for admitting russia invaded crimea six months later or something ? 
  i could n't imagine a more obvious statement . 
  i did n't realize we had to celebrate when people talk about the sky being blue . 
  i 'm making russia look bad ? 
  russia beats the rest of the planet combined on the `` making russia look bad '' front . 
  yeah , i 'm shilling because i 'm not trying to defend them with bullshit legalese while they are trying to carve up ukraine . 
  i just am watching from a distance as half the continent has massive unemployment and germany 's solution is cut cut cut into prosperity `` for the greater good '' . 
  they do n't give a shit about anything other than getting gas in and artificially cheap exports out while everyone else in the puppet states suffers . 
  i can see with my own eyes how germany responded as a leader when it came time to do something for the greater good that might actually have any effect on their own precious gdp . 
  yes , eu was the one destabilizing it . 
  eu has a long track record of keeping puppet states in shambles and perpetual poverty . 
  edit : russia just wants a bunch of puppet states to keep in permanent disgraceful conditions so they have to depend on russian charity to survive and for russians to have countries next to them to feel superior to . 
  the government also wo n't feel so threatened by being surrounded by clearly superior countries on their border either . 
  i can only imagine russia interacting with a successful ukraine that is a full member of eu . 
  that image along would make russian nationalists go into a full rage . 
  yes , i 'm sure your country will be leading the charge . 
  russia only understands force . 
  nope , they gave theirs up with zero negative effects on their end . 
  edit : sarcasm, 
  very poignant . 
  there is a difference of flying in baltic sea versus flying over a country . 
  russia would be all over it with complaints of sovereign territory if there were planes invading their airspace . 
  i am surprised they do n't consider ukrainian jets flying in ukrainian airspace a violation of russian sovereign territory . 
  that is pretty clever once the translations are mentioned . 
  well , ok , if the soldiers were volunteers in the irish army then i understand the scorn , but i have a hard time accepting that kind of persecution for a group of people that left so they could directly fight against the germans . 
  i never said ireland was evil or anything like that . 
  i just think the uk was obviously doing more to save europe . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , any sympathizing with hitler is unacceptable . 
  what do you call it when foreign soldiers are in your country against your will ? 
  being neighborly ? 
  these semantics are bullshit . 
  i 'm not going to sit around and talk about 99 different ways to excuse russian behavior . 
  in case you forgot , crimea . 
  the issue is n't black and white like that . 
  the context matters . 
  is the soldier conscripted ? 
  who is he leaving to go fight ? 
  i mean , in the end , these soldiers were persecuted for the sin of trying to defeat hitler 's armies . 
  ireland was more concerned with hating the british than defending europe . 
  that does n't mean i am saying uk is perfect or does n't deserve any condemnation from ireland , but i just think there were more important things going on . 
  those deserters were in the end helping ireland . 
  literal russian soldiers in a country they are not welcome in is an invasion . 
  stop defending russia with this bullshit . 
  no one cares about these semantic games . 
  that is n't `` discussion '' . 
  that is just deflection . 
  on what planet would america not be leading the charge against russia in a war across the arctic ? 
  americans would n't have to desert , they would be on the front lines . 
  i believe usa helps when asked . 
  usa also is n't fucking over southern europe . 
  what the fuck do you consider russian soldiers in foreign territory ? 
  like , what planet is your flair ? 
  it ca n't be earth . 
  i am not defending the british history with ireland , but there were much bigger things in play . 
  if hitler got his european empire you would have been begging for the british to rule you as an alternative . 
  it was n't a nato action . 
  you dense ? 
  since when is an alliance somehow ireland is n't an independent country ? 
  afghanistan was a defensive war . 
  i guess you do n't give a shit about anything unless it happens in your town . 
  isis could be killing people in london and you will be more concerned about rush hour traffic ? 
  do n't you question the empire . 
  and the point is greece is n't neutral . 
  they are clearly aligned against russia . 
  what exactly is this major role greece played in developing usa ? 
  sorry , i am quite ignorant to the situation . 
  who exactly were the irish fighting if they were neutral ? 
  iraq was not a nato action . 
  it was n't done by nato . 
  i repeat , iraq has zero , zero , to do with nato . 
  usa never said iraq caused 9-11 . 
  afghanistan was nato . 
  that is disgraceful . 
  thank you . 
  thank you , i had no idea . 
  you flip flop like mad . 
  you have flat out told me self defense of poland consists of watching them get annexed . 
  attack wars ? 
  you are full of shit . 
  usa is n't the one invading europe . 
  on what planet does it exist that the less you spend on military the higher the quality it is ? 
  using your logic spending zero would give you the best military on the planet . 
  i meant iraq versus usa . 
  they had a huge army that was barely able to scratch usa . 
  i think one marine might have gotten a hangnail from marching towards baghdad so quickly as far as casualties go . 
  i am actually fine with germany having a weak military anyway since their leadership is a disgrace to europe anyway . 
  the last thing they need is more influence . 
  there is no proof that will ever convince you . 
  i tire of trolls . 
  i know where these conversations end . 
  i have had these conversations lead to russians claiming they were oppressed by georgia which was the true leading country of ussr .
