  they are just the most current event at the moment . 
  that does n't run counter to what i said . 
  crimea invasion was popular . 
  there is no reason to think russians are against it . 
  and sarah palin is a millionaire because she sold books about being a true american after quitting her job that entailed serving americans . 
  what is your point ? 
  russia uses conscripts . 
  if they hated conscripts so much they would vote in a candidate that would end it . 
  and voting for putin also means voting for his policies which includes this invasion of crimea . 
  if he gets more popular as a direct result of crimea it is n't complicated that people support the invasion of crimea . 
  so clearly 103 % of the people support the invasion of crimea as per typical russian polling and democracy . 
  no , his point does n't stand . 
  i am pointing out that they would have voted for it . 
  if the leader becomes more popular from an action , the people would obviously vote for it . 
  you do n't become popular by doing things the people you rule over oppose . 
  ha , well , clever as that maybe , they will just paint themselves as victims and become more emboldened . 
  i do n't know , how about the fact that putin became more popular after seizing crimea ? 
  us has given financial support to successful countries all around the world . 
  the strongest economies all over the world almost exclusively had assistance from usa at some point in a time of need or in extreme cases were completely rebuilt from the ground up with usa helping . 
  in fairness ? 
  vestrati is truly nothing but fair by calling ukraine some backwater tribal shithole . 
  comparing ukraine to iraq is disgraceful . 
  the problems that exist in iraq boil down to religious sectarianism . 
  even now iran is stirring shit in that country . 
  maliki failed iraq . 
  killing brutal dictators that invade foreign countries and murder their own citizens is somehow evil . 
  thanks , goebbels . 
  oh sorry , it was just sarcasm . 
  i was n't trying to use logic or facts . 
  haha . 
  that is the story i 'm going with after getting called out on bullshit . 
  yeah , there is literally world peace everywhere up until the second usa shows up . 
  usa being allied to western europe literally tore the continent to pieces . 
  they barely even have running water in that god forsaken land now . 
  imagine ridiculous absurd fantasy where even then russia is still the one in the wrong , you mean ? 
  marshall plan le literally slavery . 
  usa is a fascist hegemony that rules the world under an iron fist . 
  usa personally trained ukrainians how best to crucify children . 
  the techniques are slightly different than for adults due to size . 
  thank you , mother russia , for saving the world one airliner full of planted dead bodies at a time . 
  edit : i 'm sorry , usa propaganda has rotted my brain . 
  i did n't mean to imply russia had anything to do with plane crash . 
  it was ukrainian fighter jets . 
  i saw the proof myself on rt. 
  yes of all the insults that the us military has , incompetent murderers of allies is clearly what pops into my head immediately above all else . 
  yeah , remember that time they armed the brits ? 
  what a shit show that was . 
  lend lease act . 
  never again . 
  buy aluminum commodities now . 
  tin foil demand is at an all time high . 
  i did n't read the article , but here is my conspiracy . 
  at what point are you noticing your nitpicking is clouding the fact that there is a spectrum of animals with very clear differences that blend together even though they are clearly different from each other . 
  saying the differences between a wolf and a chihuahua is a social construct is absolutely absurd . 
  because they literally are different species . 
  i 'm not a scientist . 
  i ca n't give you the reasons . 
  the domestic dog is the only one in my example that scientists do n't classify as different species . 
  all domestic dogs fall into canis lupus familiaris . 
  the others get their own individual species . 
  they can breed with each other . 
  i 'm just telling you what the facts are , i do n't know the specifics on the thought process . 
  either way , at least now you know . 
  ok , i did n't explain . 
  all the different species in the dog family can breed together . 
  yet , there are plenty of different species . 
  plus there are all the breeds with domestic dogs . 
  everything falls into a spectrum . 
  there are no hard fast lines . 
  there are variations and things just keep gradually changing until you end up with something completely different . 
  eventually you reach a point where point a ca n't breed with point b. 
  dogs ruins your statement right there . 
  no , because there are plenty of animals that are considered different and classified as such that can breed with each other . 
  do n't worry , the russian soldiers will bring the dead bodies to the hague so they can be given a proper trial and punished for their crimes . 
  the answer is russia . 
  they all go to mother russia . 
  the islands are autonomous and putin already had a vote in moscow to decide it fairly . 
  crimea had the legal right to have a nationwide referendum . 
  there was nothing legal about the russian invasion . 
  internal politics do n't normally require seizing government buildings with foreign invading armies for `` legal '' reasons . 
  crimea is a part of ukraine . 
  yes , getting attacked and killed is a real war crime on their part . 
  depends . 
  ukraine is sieging the provinces but the rebellion percentage is too high and forts were upgraded . 
  yeah and i 'm glad eu is finally taking a stand . 
  russian economy needs to suffer for their actions in ukraine . 
  this bullshit has been ignored for too long on both sides of the atlantic . 
  well in that case , you are n't going to get any arguments from me . 
  i was n't trying to brush off any blame on halliburton either . 
  i 'd let them all hang if it were up to me . 
  absurd that they get to take in all the profits and governments and the general public have to take on all the damages . 
  the ocean does n't quite have the extensive legal staff that an energy company does and looks like your company took absolutely the right stance . 
  the guy is worth billions . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  not like he has to worry about bad pr inside of russia . 
  journalists get whacked left and right and enemies of the state get killed or run away to london . 
  i was n't saying halliburton is innocent . 
  simply that above everything else bp shoulders the main blame . 
  they are responsible for overseeing all work . 
  if halliburton is doing something wrong , bp should have noticed it and fixed it instead of standing around watching the money roll in .
