  oh , so had nothing to do with chechnya ? 
  russia has invaded and holds multiple territories under occupation along their border . 
  at no point was russia threatened by the evil west . 
  there have been multiple terrorist attacks by foreigners on usa soil . 
  you are full of shit . 
  my parents emigrated here but they lucked out at home too . 
  their neighbor has n't fought them for centuries and just competed by taking over the rest of the world instead . 
  no one attacked russia for almost a century . 
  i never said i did n't like mexico . 
  i just live closer to canada . 
  everyone ? 
  no not even close . 
  are you mad ? 
  you think bush is more popular than putin ? 
  putin will be in power for at least two decades . 
  bush was elected by the supreme court . 
  there were mass protests around the country . 
  reading this thread makes me so happy to have canada for a neighbor . 
  please show me how reviled putin is in russia . 
  i can wait . 
  which ones ? 
  what am i blind to ? 
  great trolling though to change the topic . 
  i never see that here . 
  what a shit show in this thread . 
  blind to what ? 
  tell me explicitly what i am blind to . 
  please quote which invasions i cheered . 
  i can wait . 
  i want to see where i celebrated annexing countries . 
  i guess your memory of my life is better than mine . 
  you have no clue on what i am blind to . 
  you know jack shit about my opinions . 
  oh because the dixie chicks were booed in the most conservative parts of the country that equals putin 's north korea like idolatry . 
  oh wow impressive point . 
  never seen such brilliance put to text before . 
  more people voted against him than for him the first time . 
  he barely got half the votes the second time and was still taking advantage of 9-11 politically . 
  your ignorance is staggering to compare this to russia . 
  at what point do you hold anyone responsible for their actions and beliefs ? 
  oh so we are ignoring how much protesting there was and how bush was hated in his own country . 
  never let an opportunity to change the topic to attacking a flair when you can . 
  this should be good . 
  tell me the irony . 
  putin is n't knocking on doors in nyc and cutting people of behind a wall . 
  people choose to beat their chests and be fascists that cheer invasions and war and oppressing people that are different in any way all while living as an immigrant in a new place or being citizens elsewhere . 
  all i am seeing is excuses . 
  i would n't give those excuses to an american . 
  i am not being any harsher towards any other country with my standards . 
  the magnitude of brainwashing happening to russians that live inside of usa ? 
  sorry , personal responsibility is a thing . 
  even expats outside the country support russia 's fascism . 
  how can you explain people on the same internet as you and me with access to the same info forcefully brainwashed ? 
  these are n't north koreans desperate to escape . 
  my point is that you ca n't blame only a leader when the whole country cheers . 
  you scared that france will be an african colony soon ? 
  these xenophobic ramblings on this sub just keep increasing . 
  maybe move to russia since it is better there ? 
  what are the approval ratings for putin again ? 
  i have no burdens . 
  i also do n't blame scapegoats for my issues . 
  i did n't realize you read minds too . 
  xenophobia is an ugly thing . 
  you could have saved time by just saying i wo n't tell you . 
  what country would that be ? 
  i never said only white people can be racist . 
  keep playing victim . 
  yes i guess it is n't racist to say a group of people are only capable of warfare and gang violence . 
  this coming from a continent that had industrial genocide and enslaved people all over the world . 
  i guess dark people can only dream of being as cultured as that one day . 
  i disagree with your claim that culture is the biggest cause and i will leave it at that . 
  i agree with you that i would rather not get into some drawn out argument . 
  yeah i have heard the term being a race realist plenty on this site . 
  those people are never ever racist . 
  i grew up in the ghetto . 
  you are just spewing racist ignorant garbage about shit you now nothing about . 
  common sense my ass . 
  common ignorance . 
   their own culture is their largest obstacle to success , and this is self evident . 
  based on what ? 
  usa did n't lead libya . 
  they were dragged into helping . 
  isis was caused by syria . 
  started the whole mess ? 
  yes the world was perfect until the usa came along and started everything . 
  black culture ? 
  they are still discriminated against today hundreds of years later . 
  so what is the issue exactly ? 
  i ca n't tell if you are saying people do or do n't assimilate . 
  their black minority has been treated like subhumans for centuries and somehow they are the problems and not the racists in power ? 
  and ? 
  you think every immigrant picks up a language quickly ? 
  / r/conspiracy is calling your name . 
  yeah well they prefer europe apparently . 
  usa also had nothing to do with syria and northern africa compared to europe, 
  yeah and there was no lack of racism in the usa waiting for them . 
  usa 's history towards how it treats immigrants is pretty atrocious . 
  the key part of my comment was only china.i know china is n't doing charity work . 
  in that case they need more whiskey . 
  i am pretty sure there is only one country in uruguay so it is the biggest and the smallest country there .
