  what does that have to do with china having absolutely no regard for copyright law ? 
  the government makes laws , not ex employees . 
  where are you getting that it is only bad if it involves some contrived complicated scene out of a james bond movie ? 
  i do n't recall making that claim myself either . 
  yes , they do . 
  sorry that america is n't interested in producing undershirts with slave labor . 
  the us has a ton of manufacturing . 
  feel free to bring facts to the table . 
  they are literally right above you in plain sight though , so no need . 
  what next idiotic trope would you like to use , that america is owned by china ? 
  that is another favorite of mine . 
  why should china be able to steal software and openly steal products that are being produced today while other countries are spending time and money to develop them ? 
  research and intellectual property are actual commodities just as much as natural resources are . 
  you are also discounting the fact that 2014 china is n't 1800 's uk . 
  pollution also is n't something like spilling milk on the floor and wiping it up later . 
  it causes permanent damage . 
  it is much easier to do it right in the first place then to try to repair it after the fact . 
  cleaning up heavy metals from soil is not some simple chore to get around to . 
  talking about vietnam 's growth does n't prove anything . 
  vietnam was a random example . 
  there is nothing saying that a country with growth could n't use more business . 
  it is also easy to grow when there is so much room for development . 
  no country deserves free shit . 
  theft is theft . 
  there is nothing stopping them from doing their own research . 
  the country has the most people on the planet by far . 
  i 'm sure they can do their own research instead of operating outside of the rule of law and brazenly stealing the work that other countries and corporations invest lots of money and time into creating . 
  china has a ton of money laying around . 
  they are n't beggars . 
  stealing is just bullshit rationalizations . 
  no one is denying china a damn thing . 
  they just want china to actually pay for things like the rest of the world does . 
  their stealing just shows itself in other areas as well by looking at their behavior in the pacific . 
  there is no other way to describe their behavior other than theft by intimidation . 
  i do n't doubt that if usa was n't present in the area that they would have invaded other countries a long time ago instead of stopping at tibet . 
  you can think that , but you are wrong . 
  china is n't competing against usa . 
  it is competing against places like vietnam . 
  you think china is stealing jobs from usa to make shitty underwear ? 
  they are taking those jobs from other poor countries . 
  no matter what , those jobs would n't exist in the usa . 
  it is just a matter of where usa would buy it from . 
  china treats their people like absolute shit and they destroy the environment in the process even though there is technology available to avoid those issues . 
  industrial revolution comparisons are asinine because there are centuries of technology that have been developed in the meantime that china has spent zero in r&d to profit from . 
  also , you completely avoid the fact that china fakes their currency versus floating it on an open market to cheat on exports and get a leg up on other poor countries . 
  never mind the blatant stealing that china does on a regular basis . 
  they are growing by stealing the technology that other countries spent money and time investing into . 
  i ca n't even comprehend how you thought `` global poverty can be solved by slave labor '' was a good sentence to put down into writing . 
  although , i do completely agree on the dictator stuff . 
  the west would be in a perpetual war if they had to battle every country they disagreed with . 
  it just is n't practical . 
  russia 's biggest problem is being stupid enough to do it right in western europe 's backyard . 
  hell of a difference from central africa . 
  russia will learn it is n't the 1800 's anymore sooner or later . 
  russia does n't make anything . 
  he is n't wrong . 
  china also relies on throwing cheap labor with an artificial yuan to maintain deficits and openly steal technology and copyrights . 
  selling cheap clothing is a bit different than selling high end cars like germany . 
  germany actually makes high end items that require skill . 
  they do n't just throw slave labor at it until profits appear . 
  there was nothing contradictory about what he said . 
  there is also nothing wrong with his point of trying to stop china from steamrolling over all their neighbors and stealing land all over the south china sea . 
  you act as though russia is being made into a pariah for being a democracy . 
  they are a pariah because of how putin treats his people and neighboring countries . 
  yeah do n't let facts interrupt his lies as though the world should be impressed that a gas station sells a bunch of soviet era cheap military around the world and ca n't even properly outfit their own military or know how to build something as basic as a car that is n't absolute shit . 
  the comment was obvious hyperbole by obama . 
  he is n't far off though when you see their economy is a one trick pony based on selling fuel . 
  their gdp and government revenues are tied to fuel prices . 
  they import all their high end goods , including military hardware that you just mentioned . 
  selling arms is n't impressive when you are forced to go to europe to arm your own military . 
  cherry picking by talking about usa abandoning rockets for nasa does n't change reality . 
  i really did n't want to know that reminder . 
  there is a difference between state run and state funded . 
  when people make comments about state media , without fault i always see the comments referring to state run channels where the news is literally a government mouthpiece with journalists that are basically just paid actors . 
  yeah but when people criticize state media , they are n't talking about npr . 
  they mean about like blatant lying and propaganda and censoring the outside . 
  fair enough , i did n't understand your response correctly . 
  how in the world is he a good leader though if he is literally making decisions that kill off millions of his own fellow citizens ? 
  his own people hated him , but were only able to freely say it after he was dead for fear of their own lives . 
  only comments he is capable of making is bashing usa no matter what the topic is or what the truth is . 
  they constantly disagree with each other . 
  they are forever competing with each other . 
  i hate the media around here . 
  the journalism is replaced with idiots screaming opinions at the television . 
  comparing rtp to russia is a joke . 
  rtp is a quality channel . 
  that is n't anything close to what happens in russia where propaganda is spoon fed to people and they give birth to conspiracy theories straight from the government all while censoring the outside . 
  everyone . 
  i have a very important question in a thread about russia . 
  please help . 
  what about america ? 
  i guess that opinion would change if you had to go to a funeral for a family member who was a journalist . 
  speaking independently is a very dangerous profession . 
  it has a coincidence in making every single other activity in your life very risky by pure chance . 
  i 'm not sure why that applies only in russia though and does n't happen in the rest of europe . 
  i can judge a leader by all the deaths that happened under his watch and how `` peaceful '' it is to live in fear every day and not being allowed to have your own thoughts expressed all while countries around the world have citizens that are more productive and richer for it across the board even among the poor . 
  i gave a very extreme example and thought you would accuse me of putting words in your mouth with my questions . 
  i did n't think you would be supporting stalin of all people . 
  thank you . 
  i was mainly looking for your last statement originally .
