  you can say whatever you want about usa with mexico and canada and cuba . 
  usa does n't tell those countries who they can trade with . 
  cuba also does whatever the hell it wants right on usa 's border . 
  they ca n't up the amount from africa ? 
  but russia plays divide and conquer differently with germany . 
  they give germany the best deals while openly screwing their neighbors . 
  they bribe some and punish the others . 
  this allows russia to still get their revenue and leave eu divided at the same time with minimal repercussions for russia . 
  eu could put a stop to it through a unified energy market used to negotiate pricing , but then germany would likely not get the same lower price so they naturally would be against it . 
  that cheap price keeps germany trapped and in russia 's pocket since they have zero need to look at alternatives with cheap russian fuel and instead take `` morally superior '' stances on alternative fuel types . 
  chernobyl and fukushima would never happen in germany . 
  germany does n't suffer from natural disasters and they would obviously have better oversight and technology than the soviets . 
  russia is blatantly using eu 's greed against itself . 
  poland has been more supportive of ukraine than almost any other country in the world during all of this . 
  oh yeah , pussy riot loves that their country 's government is shit . 
  they just wanted to be in prison . 
  do you honestly think nothing is worth protesting ? 
  yes , and i 'm glad assad gave up the weapons instead of an invasion . 
  i really did n't want usa to invade syria . 
  attacking isis however is n't the same as attacking syria . 
  isis threatens eu and nato countries while also trying to take over syria . 
  i do n't know the details about turkey , honestly , but you do n't need to convince me that it is n't exactly the greatest country . 
  i view it as the best of the horrible choices in the region . 
  better to be allies with them and try to push them towards a more open and democratic government instead of it becoming another hard line extremist country . 
  eu and nato also is n't trying to split up syria or annex syrian land . 
  there are clear differences . 
  they also are n't invading syria with soldiers on `` vacation '' either . 
  ukraine is a democracy that was invaded by a foreign neighbor to annex land that was not gassing their own people . 
  please tell me how that is the same . 
  syria and ukraine being compared ? 
  good lord . 
  the crimean war is already happening if you have n't checked . 
  so your suggestion is to tell the russian government you wo n't go along with conscription ? 
  good luck with that one . 
  getting those terminals will be huge for poland . 
  that opens up lots of options for gas from anywhere in the world . 
  the more choices the better , because everyone is aware russia thinks every commodity they own is a weapon . 
  it is so blatant at how they are trying to split the eu at every opportunity . 
  this is true . 
  i can only hope they get it done as quickly as possible . 
  i sure hope so , but who knows anymore . 
  those past examples were n't happening while putin was trying to show how he is battling against the whole world to show how strong russia is . 
  does n't it take a very long time to get a nuke plant up and running ? 
  it is way too late to fix this with nuclear power as a reaction . 
  it ca n't be `` private '' anymore though due to the fact that he is a public figure and that russia has already made a spectacle of it . 
  it is also proven already they abducted him . 
  if russian government just stuck to treating only russian citizens like shit , no one in the rest of the world would give a damn . 
  did n't pussy riot end up in jail for 2 years ? 
  it was still horrendous . 
  this is much worse because now you are dealing with people that are n't even russian citizens . 
  it is one thing to treat your own people like shit , it is a whole other story when it affects other countries . 
  because if that was the case , he would be given back to estonia already . 
  oh , i was n't aware . 
  thanks . 
  i still would n't consider them truly independent though , since their survival would depend entirely on russia allowing it to happen due to borders . 
  whether they like it or not they are part of russia and have been for centuries . 
  i just think the tatars should be given more rights because of this . 
  i am having trouble coming up with examples from my own experience . 
  i think natives inside of usa would be the best i can think of . 
  they are given special rights and aid over regular citizens of usa . 
  i also do n't think you can just break off chunks of a country the second you get one more vote than no . 
  that is n't just in reference to crimea . 
  that goes for anywhere . 
  thank you for answer . 
  i do n't hear about that much . 
  rtp spends all their time complaining about bes . 
  why ? 
  they are the same thing . 
  there is nothing wrong with being a russian soldier . 
  the issue is how putin uses them . 
  thanks . 
  i was worried someone would forget to talk about usa . 
  since when does one interfere with the other ? 
  well thank you for what you could answer . 
  i did n't think they could break away in the first place . 
  russia could make their life very difficult considering they would have russia surrounding all of their borders . 
  chinese were n't killed in genocide in usa . 
  how do you not see an issue with killing people from a land and then moving people into it and then saying democracy demands they become part of russia when the tatars that survive there do n't want to be part of russia . 
  that genocide is the only reason that crimea has as many ethnic russians as they do now . 
  also having 50 % plus one is n't a reason alone to snap off pieces of your neighbors . 
  why pissed off at brazil ? 
  especially their own . 
  even in a europe subreddit you ca n't get away from american nationalism . 
  even if it 's poes law and posing as satire - this is the internet . 
  you ca n't differentiate between satire and actual extremism . 
  so it ends up like / r/murica [ 1 ] where you have the satirists and actual nationalists feeding back to each other in a giant echo chamber one big fucking joke noone is finding funny . 
  usa is the most conservative of all of the countries in that group and being `` socialist '' seems like a weird complaint to despise everyone around you that happens to like their respective countries and allies . 
  every single country in that group is socialist . 
  not quite . 
  more like laughing at the prospect that countries working together for their benefit must disclose their intelligence for the rest of the world to see while they do their own spying . 
  sounds like a bunch of whining . 
  yes as if usa does n't have social security/medicare for almost a century or any government built transportation . 
  i think it is different because war is sometimes justified . 
  genocide is far worse especially when directed at your own people and they are civilians . 
  genocide is never ever justified and is far worse than anything else . 
  russia sold alaska and it makes more sense for usa to own alaska than for russia to own it . 
  that is n't a good example . 
  if it belonged to canada and then usa came and took it that would be a better example . 
  you ca n't just break off pieces of a country every time you give 50 % of people to agree to something . 
  in the usa you ca n't even pass laws with just a simple majority .
