  thanks . 
  i just knew that francs are highly sought after due to it being incredibly stable . 
  i think it is one of the highest used reserve currencies in the world because of it . 
  that is n't true . 
  treaties can be amended . 
  new treaties can be created as well . 
  you should know that there have been multiple agreements made by eu among their member countries over the years . 
  i do n't see the benefit of saying scrap anything that has difficulties . 
  nothing could ever succeed with that mindset . 
  that logic means disbanding eu a long time ago as well . 
  could you possibly expand on that ? 
  i am pretty ignorant to the economy of switzerland and their currency situation . 
  that improves the economy as a whole versus germany being surrounded by failed economies that are filled with massive unemployment and deflation . 
  there are things that could be done today that have nothing to do with deficits . 
  inflation is much too low for example . 
  germany is breaking the treaty by having too high of a trade surplus which is sucking money out of the eurozone into germany . 
  that is n't sustainable . 
  i do n't follow on what you are saying about innovation . 
  germany has always been filled with smart people and hard workers . 
  their industry is top notch and is something to be very proud of . 
  i have lots of great things to say about germany . 
  i do n't see how the euro is hurting germany in that regard . 
  in fact it is actually helping germany because they are able to export far more with an artificially lowered euro compared to germany being alone . 
  you can adapt it . 
  not being able to change to improve things is bad for everyone . 
  scrapping something because of difficulty instead of trying to fix things is not how something becomes successful . 
  how in the world is that a `` fix '' for deflation ? 
  that is a result of deflation . 
  combining deflation with religious adherence to budget deficit controls is a recipe for disaster . 
  it can lead to a death spiral for an economy . 
  your obsession with the deficit is funny to me . 
  you realize there are other laws inside of this treaty ? 
  you also realize that setting things in stone is not a way to succeed ? 
  countries that can readily adapt to situations are the ones that prosper . 
  i am under the impression that germany exports about half of their exports within the eu . 
  i am not aware of uk . 
  i do know that germany dwarfs the other countries in eu in regards to exports . 
  it is n't even remotely close . 
  germany has an insane amount of exports . 
  i looked it up . 
  germany has almost double the exports of uk . 
  germany and usa essentially have the same amount of exports . 
  considering the disparity in economy sizes between germany and usa , germany has probably the most export driven big economy in the world . 
  i am not concerned about germany . 
  i am concerned about the eu and eurozone as a whole . 
  you think germany being isolated and antagonizing most of eu is a good thing ? 
  i understand some of the stuff i say comes off harsh , but i 100 % want eu and eurozone to succeed . 
  i am not referencing today . 
  i am talking about what happened when a bubble popped in their insane real estate market in the 1980s . 
  they lost generation was a thing . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lost_decade_ ( japan ) what evolution are you seeing ? 
  there is no way to balance the economies in the eurozone because of a shared currency . 
  the economies ca n't compensate . 
  these countries require reforms and big transfers . 
  the transfers they receive now is a pittance in comparison to the size of the eu economy . 
  negotiations should always be behind closed doors . 
  nothing could ever be accomplished otherwise . 
  great pragmatism and self reflection on your part . 
  glad you can be objective . 
  not our problem . 
  haha . 
  treaty is law . 
  meanwhile germany is breaking the treaty as well . 
  using that excuse versus actually wanting to fix the issue is like following gps directions directly into a lake instead of looking at the environment around you and changing course . 
  message loud and clear though . 
  fuck everyone so long as i am ok so far . 
  gee , i wonder why countries have issues with germany inside of eu . 
  i have no idea . 
  i 'm sure this attitude has nothing to do with it . 
  i do n't know how big of an if it is . 
  i agree with you that it is n't guaranteed at a minimum . 
  germany is in deep trouble though considering how much it depends on exports and ends up surrounded by failed economies that ca n't afford to buy anything . 
  haha . 
  but , man , it has been six years already . 
  look at the massive unemployment and the huge disparity between countries . 
  i have no idea how there are n't revolts at this point with so many young people being completely fucked with no future at this rate . 
  at some point germany needs to think , ok , maybe things are n't going so well and we should change . 
  i think the biggest problem is they ca n't change . 
  because any deviation from the course would mean that they have been wrong for a decade on how to manage fiscal policy and they have been leading all of eurozone into the grave . 
  this is going to lead to nationalist parties rising in support all over europe . 
  what needs to be done is increased spending and a lot more money needs to be transferred to poorer countries to help with the disparity . 
  i know you are going to tell me that usa is one country , but the strong central government of usa is why it is a super power . 
  usa transfer a shit ton of money to poor states . 
  it is because of this that states are able to maintain parity regardless of who the current losers are . 
  all the boats rise collectively because of this . 
  the current situation in eurozone is leading to guaranteed collapse of individual economies and it will bring down neighbors with it . 
  germany is n't going to be exporting a damn thing when they are neighboring countries that are bankrupt failed and filled with unrest . 
  by the way , debt is n't evil . 
  sometimes you make more money by spending cheap borrowed money today that leads to positive returns on the investment in the future that outperforms the tiny amount of interest . 
  deflation spirals and multiple dip recessions are an awful thing to deal with and they just continue to gain momentum . 
  japan got absolutely wrecked because of it . 
  when i say increase spending , i mean in worthwhile projects . 
  not spending for the sake of spending . 
  things like energy and infrastructure that help increase business and will benefit all of the eurozone long term . 
  cut , cut , cut while infrastructure fails around you and impedes business is n't helping anyone . 
  fighting all debt like it is religion is absurd . 
  why are you saying america and uk do n't have it right ? 
  look at how usa has performed since 2008 when the downturn hit . 
  compare that to the eurozone . 
  which results do you prefer ?
