  such a bitter troll . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you think usa is taking freedom away from poland ? 
  poland is a hell of a lot more free than russia and the places it invades like ukraine . 
  i am talking about how much whining the russian trolls on the internet do about how every country in europe is a fake country and american puppet while russia is better because it prefers beating its chest and being fascist . 
  pretending to be a superpower only in its own mind does n't change the fact that it is regressive poor country . 
  the fact that small countries on its border can have higher quality of life for citizens is laughable with how much natural resources russia has . 
  putin is a spectacular failure, 
  wars can happen elsewhere that affect americans . 
  there could potentially be chaos all over the planet if there was no overwhelming military presence . 
  oh if you say so . 
  because it intimidates rivals and keeps countries from starting wars . 
  yeah , because getting killed by gangs would make someone feel ok so long as they are n't muslim . 
  no chance of war and having close alliances means more markets that are connected . 
  that increases the wealth of americans . 
  we are not an island . 
  instability hurts everyone . 
  european security is very important to the usa . 
  yes , no marginalized immigrants have ever turned to crime anywhere else in the world . 
  i think you really nailed it with this . 
  i am agreeing with you on all counts and criticizing why it should be seen as bad for a romanian to dare share their opinion . 
  is n't it weird how `` satellite '' countries can somehow be more prosperous than so called super powers on their border ? 
  average americans absolutely do benefit from living inside of a super power with unmatched military projection . 
  what is wrong with / u/scimitar1 commenting from romania ? 
  i am fully aware of how immigrating to a new country works . 
  it is n't unique to muslims . 
  that is absolutely not true . 
  i interact with plenty of muslims from turkey , egypt , etc. 
  they are normal people . 
  alienating people can have bad results . 
  thank you . 
  ce is more scientific and inclusive . 
  could you explain that context for someone ignorant like me ? 
  lol . 
  jesus , i do n't think i could think of a worse nightmare . 
  i prefer only reading about that stuff in history books . 
  let 's not do that . 
  yes a disagreement that only risks eastern europe . 
  i never advocated for any wars . 
  you prevent war by preparing for it . 
  100 % agreement . 
  historical perspective sounds like alternative phrasing for cowardice and appeasement . 
  but yes i know how dangerous your life is in your location as well with all that historical perspective . 
  you coming on the sub and selling out eastern europe is nothing new for today only . 
  western europe does have a big mouth while telling countries concerned about their own defense to pipe down . 
  lots of talk about no carrying of weight . 
  there is a reason eastern europe looks right past most of europe and and goes right to the usa when it comes to dependable allies with backbone . 
  insurgencies are far tougher to defeat . 
  i love this idea that america is so protected as though it does n't have cities permanently targeted by nukes and that american service members are n't the ones front and center . 
  it is even better when preached to by young people on the internet as though they personally lived through and experienced world wars . 
  the way some people talk , you would think they are posting from syria pleading for peace . 
  i love the cherry picking . 
  poland most definitely is n't a country at the low end of military spending . 
  also western european governments pad their defense spending with expensive pensions which do absolutely zero towards combat effectiveness . 
  this is padding on already absurdly low spending as is . 
  i 'm honestly not trying to argue . 
  i just am trying to see where you are coming from here . 
  do n't you think it is a bit difficult to compare the countries considering how much richer both of them are compared to poland ? 
  i would also say that all three of them are incredibly safe just from usa guarantees alone . 
  i did n't think anyone got more subsidies than israel relative to population . 
  they are a rich country as is on top of it . 
  nobody does it better than the originals like you . 
  that is n't fair . 
  israel gets massive subsidies and is richer than eu . 
  nazi trolling 101 here . 
  time to hit the books . 
  you ca n't defend your country against russia with broomsticks . 
  sorry that some people in western europe do n't realize that and give fuck all about that because they have buffer countries that are n't true europe and do n't matter anyway . 
  to me a person in estonia and all the other outer provinces of germany is just as integral to europe as the people of northern/western europe . 
  you should act like an ally instead of treating other countries in eu like small children . 
  but but what about hitler is n't an excuse . 
  that horse is beaten into the ground decades ago . 
  well it was n't personal . 
  i just see that argument often from pissed off bitter russians that wish the ussr was around . 
  ignoring the desires of eastern europe is imperialism plain and simple . 
  no , that is literally all it takes . 
  making something a priority is all that is needed for the wealthiest country on the planet . 
  broke my ass . 
  sorry , i still have ptsd from my many months time on / r/russia to believe you . 
  it is n't personal . 
  no that is a matter of allocating resources . 
  stop while you are behind . 
  but that is n't being broke . 
  that is my only point . 
  lol , russiannationalisttalkingpoints.txt, 
  i skipped a meal to get more work done . 
  that proves i am bankrupt . 
  you do n't know what broke means . 
  no we are n't, 
  you always have friends over the other side of atlantic . 
  what ? 
  the french are awesome . 
  it was but faded quickly . 
  that comment is depressing . 
  i hope so too . 
  it also was never designed to be an air to air dogfighter in the first place . 
  your link is garbage and i ca n't read it . 
  al qaeda was justified . 
  got it . 
  great trolling .
