  you think only gays have sex ? 
  also what business is it of yours if someone else is having sex in the first place ? 
  could have fooled me considering how often putin tries to glorify the ussr days and tries to bring it back with government actions . 
  actually , kkk and stormfront push for more `` politically correct '' versions of discrimination like calling themselves race realists and other bullshit and they push hard for segregation . 
  they hate gays and other religions too , but definitely a problem with race first and foremost . 
  a random small town in montana has no crime to speak of . 
  small towns in general in america have almost zero crime . 
  i know serbs were the worst offenders in the region , but there was cleansing on croat side as well . 
  and yes , i could be more dramatic . 
  i am shocked that your attitude exists in an area littered with mass graves . 
  total surprise . 
  yes nothing discriminatory about nonstop sect fighting and ethnic cleansing and violent xenophobia . 
  you are completely right . 
  the fact that you share the same goals as the kkk and storm front is just a coincidence . 
  try to at least not have to dig any new ditches in the next few years . 
  who says i have to be a citizen from utopia to criticize russia ? 
  i know usa has problems and i complain about those too . 
  usa is clearly better than russia . 
  as are the countries in western europe . 
  how do you defend a country that openly kills arrests and censors dissent ? 
  you are right . 
  i did n't understand you then . 
  my mistake . 
  same difference as far as how putin is concerned . 
  yeah , you are the one who literally wants to discriminate as official government policy . 
  no surprise you are from the balkans . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing_of_georgians_in_abkhazia http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing_of_georgians_in_south_ossetia, 
  i do n't believe you responded to urinal cake . 
  he is a shill of the highest order . 
  what is your deal , man ? 
  i have you tagged as breathing romanian at this point . 
  please for the love of god do not talk about anything rising again . 
  east asia incredible problems with racism so that is a shit example . 
  mentioning south africa is hysterical . 
  eskimos ate incredibly outnumbered and try to preserve their way of life . 
  any other examples unless you have a storm front meeting to get to soon ? 
  yeah and how did those areas get cleansed in the first place ? 
  soviet ethnic cleansing was standard operating procedure . 
  western europe does what they want . 
  if they agree with the usa it is because they share common interests . 
  russia needs to invade their friends and threaten to economically destroy allies to keep them cowering in fear . 
  it is a war crime to even think of trading with the eu yet the eu is the biggest partner of russia . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  racist as fuck . 
  you guys literally slaughter reach other over bullshit . 
  i could only imagine if you guys had more diversity in the balkans . 
  there would be a genocide every six months due to people like you . 
  shame for all the normal people that live near you in peace . 
  they should be scared . 
  russia is in a proxy war against an eastern european country as we speak and already formally invaded earlier by admitting to it after the fact after lying through their teeth . 
  usa is n't trying to make any 51st states unlike russia . 
  also europe is n't the usa , so what about america does n't absolve non stop bullshit from russia when the russian shills defend russia . 
  good thing ukraine did n't act aggressive by attacking russian soldiers in the russian crimea . 
  you ca n't invade your own country . 
  communism has nothing to do with that garbage done by russia . 
  yes , invasions of ukraine , georgia , and moldova are ok . trading with eu just like russia does instead of being a russian slave country is a war crime however . 
  yes because russia just had a public relations issue and they are perfectly reasonable with their invasions and splitting countries apart that refuse to be russian slave states . 
  we are going to need a picture of you at your most tan included in your paperwork to make sure you make the cut . 
  then i am sorry . 
  too much time spent in world news . 
  i am embarrassed at your flair being matched with such idiocy . 
  alaska was colonized by russia and sold to the usa . 
  there was no invasions and annexation . 
  it is 2014 . 
  try to keep up instead of making references from something in centuries past . 
  i have heard the polonium tea in london is magnificent this time of year . 
  wonderful place to live if you ca n't live in glorious motherland . 
  i agree completely with you . 
  sorry , just lots of conspiracy nut jobs in the usa constantly jerking off to fantasies of overthrowing the government and living in a war zone . 
  i associate the eu skeptics as only the fringe of people that have criticism and want eu abolished or abandoned versus reformed or adapted to changing needs . 
  oh yeah , you think discrimination is n't an issue in an area that has had massive bouts of ethnic cleansing ? 
  i do n't want to label everyone there this way , but the area does have serious issues . 
  no one is forced into hating a group and building mass graves . 
  accept responsibility . 
  as a member of the superior white race and you being a straight male , i expected better of you versus the other common filth that is foolishly allowed to think they are equals . 
  yeah , because race relations are really smooth in the balkans . 
  everyone gets along great . 
  the area needs a new country every ten meters to avoid mass graves from showing up . 
  it is n't joined ? 
  almost like it does n't belong to russia in the first place . 
  i thought the efficient two day lines were considered vacations by themselves . 
  do they come with complimentary bread yet ? 
  so the only way to leave russia is be unemployed where you ca n't afford to leave anyway ? 
   it 's the same thing with gays . 
  just because i have no issues with homosexuals in principle that does n't mean i 'm going to support feminist backed left wing lgbt . 
  no problem . 
  just like you think white separatism is totally not racism . 
  if you did n't want so many sorry people around , i guess you should blame your ancestors for colonialism and slavery that game then access . 
  you are a disaster in every possible way and a true barbarian . 
  we do n't have communist mass transportation in america . 
  i was driving my v12 economy car to the bar . 
  no , instead you defend open racism and white supremacists and active government discrimination against gays . 
  do n't forget the crimea liberation . 
  well , if an open society like venezuela says it , make it so . 
  everyone knows we must respect `` independent republics '' . 
  russia celebrated such a measure for example by doing a complimentary renovation of grozny by leveling it completely . 
  two years ago i got quite drunk ** in the fog ** . 
  yeah because a car accident is the same as shooting down a commercial plane 10km in the air . 
  you are free to ask any black person if they are for sale . 
  no one will arrest you for it and the government wo n't murder you .
