  the only people they did n't really like were pakis . 
  ohh , i think everyone knows why . 
  i just find it amusing and reminds me of cold war hey day . 
  do n't feel too bad . 
  even on the good side of the wall there was fascism in europe . 
  is that what hindus believe ? 
  i love threads where everyone tries their hardest to not be called eastern . 
  no one said they are punished the same . 
  the point is claiming people have the right to do illegal things and then expect punishment afterwards is a completely asinine statement and i used another example to point out the absurdity of their claim . 
   you have the right to give them out , just accept you will be punished for it . 
  that is n't semantics . 
  that is me reading plain english . 
  if this requires a mind reading decoder ring , give me one too . 
  what does the `` west '' have to do with armenia ? 
  having trouble with maps ? 
  such as ? 
  they had it coming , got it . 
  the reason it still matters is strictly on the shoulders of turkish government . 
  and what do you think putin would have done to save it ? 
  i mean , the ussr literally just collapsed and communism was ended . 
  if that does n't justify a rough patch nothing does . 
  that has absolutely nothing to do with the logic they displayed . 
  they literally stated that people have a right to do illegal things and get punished for them by the government . 
  that does n't change the logic you used . 
  i honestly do n't pay attention to their idiocy and bigotry and most of the country ignores them as well . 
  i do know people get arrested for threats and it is a crime to threaten people . 
  it has to be credible . 
  til murder is a right . 
  you fuck one pig ... 
  i mean , saying gays should be killed is inciting violence and threatening . 
  no amount of free speech allows people to threaten others . 
  these topics are flying all over the place . 
  except that is just extracting resources . 
  the thing i stated is rare . 
  most defense industries that are big are in countries with large militaries . 
  it helps when you have money coming in from your own government . 
  yes , when i look at a secular society like mao 's china , i am truly filled with hope . 
  you are warping things to suit your biases . 
  people are n't crazy or violent because of religion . 
  again , secular societies can also be brutal and violent and oppressive . 
  sweden kind of cracks me up since they buy so little of it themselves . 
  what makes you think a secular dictator is so wonderful ? 
  i can think of many secular leaders that had zero qualms slaughtering their own people . 
  i have read how the house of saud had tried to moderate the population but they meet resistance . 
  culture does n't change overnight . 
  there are plenty of secular people inside of saudi arabia . 
  try that inside of isis areas . 
  you are acting obtuse for claiming there is no difference . 
  you think the people there want to be like europe but the government holds them back ? 
  i would visit saudi arabia , i would not visit isis territory . 
  western has nothing to do with it . 
  there is a massive difference . 
  weapons industry is more important to countries like russia , france , and possibly sweden than the usa . 
  so you are wrong , but they deserved it . 
   / r/europe is a right-wing extremist subreddit so no one expects you to agree good stuff, 
  they are asked about opinion though . 
  must be from lisbon to alaska and turkey finally gets to join . 
  it is obviously a what if game that will never be proven bit interesting to think about . 
  i mean , the battle of britain was a thing . 
  it is n't like you guys were all on holiday . 
  why only near future ? 
  aggression costs money . 
  absolutely . 
  soviets did an amazing job in spite of having a monster leading them . 
  i just do n't like seeing how many of them died as a badge of honor when the poor soldiers defending the eastern front were getting murdered from the front and the back . 
  seriously ? 
  are we counting the ones stalin murdered because he did n't trust them or the ones that were sent to fight without guns ? 
  the point of war is to kill , not die . 
  you got me . 
  taking what stance ? 
  stalin wanted a buffer to protect moscow . 
  the ussr was going to do whatever it wanted . 
  wherever the soviets took they kept . 
  they only thing that mattered was who captured what by the time the war finished . 
  why are you acting like stalin is a child that was allowed to do things versus the ussr acted on their own . 
  there is absolutely zero shot of controlling anything east of germany . 
  i mentioned the fighting because that is all that mattered . 
  there were plans to go to war with the ussr . 
  you think that those plans existed because they preferred it to asking politely ? 
  do you have proof other than wishful thinking that countries were not trying to win ? 
  do you think taking france from the atlantic is an easy task ? 
  it was a mass slaughter trying to reach the continent and had never been done before . 
  i guess i forgot that americans are natural born superheroes that can accomplish anything and never lose and just sit back like illuminati and control the world like puppets . 
  what exactly is the suggestion for the uk and the usa to captor poland ? 
  how ? 
  have you ever looked at a map ? 
  do you see that germany is to your west ? 
  so far we have forgetting to ask , purposely trying to fuck over poland , and being too lazy to conquer all of europe from the other hemisphere on reasons why the usa is evil to the poor poor polish victims from every country in the world . 
  is it something in the soil that makes so many poles bitter and revisionist ? 
  even wishing they were nazis as well is considered a good choice apparently . 
  who cares that poland was fighting ? 
  i never claimed they were n't . 
  the point was that no one allowed the ussr to do what they did . 
  the usa viewed the ussr as an enemy even during the war . 
  that is great , so you think the usa and the uk could have just steam rolled all of europe but decided not to fight ? 
  the uk was under constant attack throughout the war and only the channel and brave and tireless pilots were able to save them . 
  there was fighting in africa as well and the usa had to take on japan mostly on their own . 
  amazing that you think countries were taking a vacation during a worldwide conflict . 
  the ussr was the most powerful country in the war . 
  they did an amazing job in the war amd should be commended for it .
