  usa does n't go around justifying ethnic cleansing . 
  rhetoric justifies covers up and justifies the actions you reference . 
  they go hand in hand . 
  rhetoric typically precedes the actions and lays the groundwork for it . 
  thank you . 
  translation for the ignorant , please ? 
  i could n't think of a more horrifying experience than being drafted to fight in vietnam . 
  do n't know the language and fighting rebels that mix with civilians in the middle of jungles . 
  getting killed from every angle and living in fear to where every civilian is a target and living with that guilt if you live at all . 
  the strange thing about it is that it is more important to usa politics than vietnam 's and it was their country . 
  if you ever want to piss someone off that talks about how important russia is , just compare them to california and ask them if california should have mexico as a sphere of influence . 
  this idea that smaller countries are n't real countries is bullshit . 
  it is disgusting behavior . 
  they apparently do n't know how the internet works . 
  it clearly affected my opinion and i sure as shit do n't live in ireland . 
  zionists at work . 
  take your bullshit elsewhere . 
  go look at the thread title . 
  your trolling is n't needed . 
  because the role of a police officer is n't strictly firearms expert . 
  i can give countless examples over in the usa of police that should never ever touch a gun and yet they have one almost constantly . 
  police tend to lobby for themselves so are against suffering any kind of punishments or increased regulations . 
  governments tend to want to save money . 
  it is cheaper to hand out guns to everyone versus making sure they are all highly trained and educated . 
  do n't sweat it man . 
  people are always eager to talk shit on the internet especially when it is disgusting and racist comments . 
  training . 
  i understand that he is biased . 
  i 'm also extremely pro-gun myself . 
  i just do n't think throwing guns at everyone is a solution to problems . 
  there are conflicting accounts . 
  get it in writing or it means nothing . 
  countries have the right to their own foreign policy . 
  a german and russian discussing things behind closed doors decades ago does n't get to determine the entire future of europe . 
  russia clearly does n't respect any deals if it runs counter to what they want . 
  even when budapest memo is clear as day they regard it as highly as toilet paper . 
  the irony of becoming close allies with all the countries that usa bombs the shit out of is not lost on me . 
  usa tends to throw lots of money at countries to try and make up for it after the fact . 
  japan is the biggest example of that . 
  china ca n't quite figure out the being nice to smaller countries part . 
  they recently told all their neighbors they will do whatever they damn well please because they are china at a asean conference . 
  surprise , surprise , the vast majority of china 's neighbors are close to usa . 
  of course it would . 
  i do n't think it would happen in the current climate . 
  i think once a country goes full blown nationalism us versus the world and the economy is caving in that all bets are off . 
  cool trolling . 
  i was making a joke . 
  take that shit to / r/russia . 
  never promised . 
  they have posted tons of material that is far worse than the thread topic . 
  they lost for reasons that had nothing to do with the military . 
  politics is just as important when it comes to war . 
  politics led to a surrender and usa 's only defeat . 
  that is n't how napalm works . 
  you do it to open up paths to travel through . 
  do you think there are no more trees in vietnam ? 
  never mind all the advances in warfare , especially with satellites and aircraft . 
  well , i would imagine offensive and defensive . 
  when you have military spending that goes into the hundreds of billions , i do n't doubt there exists military plans for responding to aliens . 
  i agree there would never be any political will to invade russia nor would i want it to happen either . 
  that would require americans to essentially ok the government on getting nuked . 
  no invasion could possibly happen without american backing . 
  defensive is a whole other story . 
  i would assume that is the main threat that gets discussed by nato going back decades . 
  post-1991 changed nothing for military planning other than member states and borders . 
  i assumed you were calling it an artificial country that exists as a buffer , but i wanted to make sure . 
  what makes you think nato does n't have plans for war with russia going back decades with constant updates ? 
  it would be criminal if they were n't prepared for it . 
  just a new troll account . 
  why is belgium stated as `` belgium '' ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/turkish-president-erdogan-tells-conference-i-am-increasingly-against-the-internet-every-day-9772048.html i 'm not sure how much simpler an opinion could be than stating you are against the internet . 
  the technology is also on a whole other level now . 
  no one is going to care about trekking through woods when instead they can be napalmed down to nothing . 
  winter war makes a nice story , but it is 2014 now . 
  you should always use gloves when dealing with oil . 
  well it is n't like the government is dictating what is allowed on the news . 
  i just remember the no bailout story being really heavily pushed . 
  it got mentioned a lot when the news talked about bailouts in the usa . 
  that guy sounds worse than the problem itself . 
  do n't forget how many aircraft carriers are being used as well . 
  ireland is a bunch of pussies if they do n't have at least 3 carriers there right now apparently . 
  the israeli government is ridiculous especially the official diplomats that are stationed in ireland . 
  so that was the root cause of crimea . 
  i 'm glad we finally found out what started all this . 
  those diplomats should be expelled for behaving in that fashion . 
  back the fuck up , dude . 
  i had no idea the banking crisis led to revolts . 
  i just assumed the government decided not to bail out the banks . 
  the fact that there was no bailout was a big story in the usa . 
  the protest part got no play though . 
  that is a great story , thanks for linking . 
  that makes the statements of the hard line response to protesters even more disgusting now that i have context . 
  not that i am pushing the caliphate lover angle , but does republican refer to usa ? 
  the usa does n't have political parties trying to shut down the internet . 
  i 'm out of the loop , clearly . 
  what are you referencing in terms of demonstrations ? 
  i am very much in favor of guns in general , but the ideas being put forth by the police just sound like very dangerous logic . 
  yes , i was murdered twice last week . 
  so ... someone has a knife in a domestic disturbance and holds them hostage , he is going to start shooting ? 
  this seems insane to me .
