  the usa protects the world 's oceans to ensure safe travel of ships so that the world economy is n't ruined by pirates and causes recessions in the usa . 
  usa wants stability worldwide above all else . 
  it is what is best for the world economy and the usa is the biggest economy so they suffer the most when the world economy is affected . 
  just the threat of instability is enough to mess with pricing and that hurts usa . 
  cheap oil prices benefits the usa . 
  oil prices are set world wide . 
  i do n't know where you are getting this idea that oil is n't a fluid commodity . 
  just look in the news and you will constantly see references to the price of a barrel of oil . 
  your analogies are simplistic and completely inaccurate . 
  uh ... georgia ? 
  why would the usa raise the price ? 
  the usa is the biggest consumer of oil on the planet . 
  you are being ridiculous with this . 
  you are being ridiculous with making stuff up as you go along . 
  here . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_oil_production actual facts . 
  your claims of 33 % is just moronic . 
  usa does n't even hit 10 % of oil worldwide production . 
  your worldview is judged by things that are completely inaccurate or flat out imagined . 
  facts are n't up for debate . 
  what are you proving with iraq ? 
  iraq is in opec . 
  usa does n't own iraq . 
  iraq sells to anyone they want . 
  you are just saying things without any actual facts to back anything up . 
  two of the three biggest companies that administer the oil fields in southern iraq are british and italian . 
  any companies are free to work with the iraqi government . 
  you are avoiding facts to instead have conspiracy theories circling in your head . 
  i am instead giving you actual factual statements versus random conjecture and assumptions based on nothing . 
  meanwhile russia is actively stealing oil fields and annexing them to be part of russia . 
  china is actively trying to steal the south china sea which has oil in it from all of the neighboring countries . 
  instead though , you want to fear the strongest ally france has had for centuries . 
  but you are off base with that assessment . 
  usa does n't control any oil outside of their own borders . 
  usa does n't control who buys oil from any country besides the usa . 
  usa ca n't even control countries from saudi arabia having a role in shitty things like wahhabi religious teachings and you think they can control prices and tell countries how to sell their own resources ? 
  i just showed you examples with iraq . 
  they are close and cooperate on many levels with iran . 
  usa has had issues with iran for decades . 
  usa does not control oil . 
  they most definitely do n't `` take oil '' from countries as well . 
  that is by far the craziest thing you said . 
  where is the fear of united states even coming from ? 
  france has been a close ally for the entire hundreds of years . 
  since when did usa embargo and try to ruin france 's energy sector ? 
  show me where this is happening . 
  meanwhile you are perfectly fine with france buying most of their oil from russia which leaves them scared to criticize russia while it kills europeans and causes instability in a neighboring european country that is trying to join the eu . 
  usa had existing war treaties with iraq due to crimes in the 90 's . 
  you are acting like usa leaders just threw a dart on the map and decided to kill an innocent politician that had this wonderful government . 
  i 've given you proof by showing you actions that just happened that proved iraq is an independent country . 
  there are no american troops inside of iraq and isis took advantage of it . 
  usa wanted to keep troops there but iraq did n't allow them . 
  i will gladly listen to what you have to say to show otherwise . 
  the new government just told usa to leave with their military . 
  how did the usa respond ? 
  you are being very paranoid with no actual facts behind anything you are saying , just conjecture and conspiracies . 
  the answer is , usa complied and left . 
  usa has no control over iraq 's foreign policy . 
  iraq is now closer to iran . 
  you think usa likes iran ?!, 
  many companies moved in after saddam was deposed and landed contracts with iraq government . 
  there is no monopoly by america . 
  usa is not stealing resources from anyone . 
  iraq cost america a fortune and you are acting as though usa profited from it and just withdrew all their resources like a visit to the bank and got rich . 
  usa received a lot of debt for that war . 
  i did n't agree with how that war was handled , but they did it to get rid of a rogue leader . 
  i do n't know if that is better in the long term . 
  i guess we all will see . 
  by the way , that government they just `` destroyed '' was the government that invaded kuwait and threatened the rest of the middle east . 
  usa led a coalition to stop saddam and saddam only remained in power if he promised to behave . 
  he never did . 
  saddam has only himself to blame for his own fellow citizens killing him . 
  if you do n't buy from russia , you can just buy from other sources . 
  usa absolutely did n't `` take '' the oil from iraq . 
  you are being ridiculous . 
  the oil belongs to iraq and iraq sells it to whoever they please . 
  i do n't know where you are getting your ideas from , but they are patently absurd . 
  usa does n't control oil prices . 
  all countries export oil at competitive prices . 
  you think usa has an oil cartel and sets prices ? 
  that is ridiculous . 
  i think you are right in regards to france with nuclear . 
  i think it is great that france uses so much nuclear power and wish more countries would emulate it . 
  i think the fears of nuclear plants are ridiculous . 
  it is much safer than other commonly used alternatives . 
  how was france punished for not going to iraq ? 
  usa and france are allies that disagree on things . 
  that is perfectly normal and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  russia is the country that uses gas as an economic weapon , not the usa . 
  in fact it is europe that is trying to get usa to send lng over to europe . 
  russia is n't the only source of raw materials in the world . 
  it is n't even close . 
  plenty of sources all over the world . 
  africa is n't the only source for oil either . 
  there are lots of countries that are more than happy to sell their oil to anyone with money . 
  countries are n't refusing to sell oil . 
  most countries that have large reserves depend on it to drive their economy . 
  seems like a very silly premise on your part . 
  also , if something happens to any country with oil , it drives up prices for all oil . 
  more importantly there should be attempts at becoming energy sufficient so that you ca n't be leveraged by outside countries .
