  so basically russia is a hostage taker in europe and everyone is to blame for not giving in ? 
  an empty siberia does n't make a country any more important than all the other countries in eu that are far richer with a much higher quality of life to go with it . 
  how does pride taste at dinner versus food ? 
  being a major power solely because you inherited enough nukes to destroy countries is not really an impressive feat in 2016 . 
  the russian economy ca n't even support itself now much less an all out war effort . 
  that is a disgrace is what it is . 
  i doubt a country like france or the uk would have let that happen . 
  no it is actually a proxy war . 
  not sure how you figure that to be an actual war . 
  i am not suggesting that is desirable either though . 
  well he actually is versus it just being a joke with clinton . 
  at the time an actual black president was only a dream for people in general . 
  well or a nightmare i guess depending on who you ask . 
  it was a common joke in the usa because of how much black people in general loved clinton including personality wise . 
  it is my understanding that islam does n't dispute that jesus existed . 
  yeah , i was agreeing . 
  no arguments here . 
  no one considers canada a resource colony one trick pony economy . 
  google is western propaganda though . 
  i am sure we can find some zero hedge blog post exclaiming how the west is about to collapse in a few weeks so all these numbers will be pointless anyway . 
  holy rationalizing . 
  i guess all of canada must be like living in a penthouse in downtown london next door to a russian oligarch . 
  i would imagine they could easily cut their defense budget considering how large it is as well . 
  that goes for both countries . 
  plenty of countries make stupid choices to appease people now that could even fuck over those very same people later . 
  oh god , i would n't even know where to begin on the anti america jerk . 
  i did n't want to make it about me versus empathizing with the shit thrown your way . 
  lol , stupid serb1 !, 
  ! 1 why ca n't they ever manage to attain our values and be cultured like us ? 
  i am not even sure which one they are talking about . 
  lol , textbook reply for this sub . 
  i honestly do not see the end game of the carrier for them . 
  i do know carriers are useful in the mediterranean for african/levant operations and end up being used by all the nato countries . 
  sorry i was just covering all the bases for carriers in general . 
  requires a huge fleet to support it and too easy to attack from nearby land . 
  there is also a treaty limiting military ships in black sea . 
  requires a huge fleet to support it and too easy to attack from nearby land . 
  there is also a treaty limiting military ships in black sea . 
  i knew full well the relative size of both the seas and the straight . 
  the differences are substantial which was my point . 
  both things matter where size is concerned . 
  you taught me nothing other than your need to be pedantic . 
  italy and spain having carriers also proves the point that there is no harm building one in that sea . 
  the usa uses carriers in seas and near straights all the time . 
  france does as well . 
  all of nato does . 
  so nato needs to fear morocco ? 
  got it . 
  i guess italy should scuttle their carrier since it is useless ? 
  except it helps when nato controls that straight and it is large in width . 
  right . 
  and the bottleneck in my bottle of rum over there has a bottle neck as well . 
  i am capable of discerning size though . 
  others clearly are not . 
  14.3 km compared to 700 meters . 
  come again ? 
  you are fully aware of how much smaller the black sea is . 
  it is n't close . 
  i was aware of that , but thank you for sourcing it for everyone . 
  i meant it more as a practical point of not being surrounded in such a tiny sea . 
  i feel the same way about russia . 
  there is a vast difference in size between those two seas and only one of them has a bottleneck . 
  no carrier belongs inside the black sea . 
  it would be a sitting duck and is far too large . 
  how ? 
  it had zero to do with nato . 
  depends on whose arm the length is based on . 
  basically a huge ratio of men to women coming from a regressive society and you have the inevitable happening was the gist of their comment . 
  why are you mentioning something that is illegal in the countries you are trying to trash ? 
  you ultimately ca n't stop a rape attempt short of completely stopping your life and going outdoors if someone wants to attack you in some way . 
  it could always be worse no matter how bad it is now . 
  i do n't think human rights are related to territory claims . 
  also , i do n't really think the un does a damn thing to prevent human rights abuses either . 
  i think it is a net positive to have the un , but it lacks power when it comes to punishing countries . 
  hell would freeze over before the un ever managed to punish the usa over anything for instance . 
  carriers tend to carry more weight than the un . 
  how does one brigade a literal default for almost every person on reddit in europe ? 
  well that is because they are still cheap and they have a massive coastal population . 
  it makes shipping goods easy due to location . 
  other countries in asia are very viable for producing goods and they already do . 
  cheap labor is a very fluid thing . 
  outsourcing can happen very quickly in any country and china is not immune to that . 
  except if those people wish to make more money those factories can easily be moved elsewhere . 
  the consumer has a lot more clout versus supplier when it comes to cheap goods . 
  it leaves china in a bind as far as economic progress goes . 
  but you do n't need to produce every single cheap product inside of one country . 
  it is n't like it happens all inside a billion person factory . 
  does the government of russia and putin in particular have wide support of their people ? 
  but china does n't need to match per capita wealth or production to match gross . 
  i would agree if we simply were talking about averages . 
  i did n't realize criticism of a government was somehow equal to racism and other bigotry . 
  that website is shit . 
  it sure makes it easier when you have 4 times the population . 
  it is easy to find another place with cheap labor . 
  oh that is definitely true . 
  unfortunately or fortunately depending on your viewpoint the way the system is designed make decisions like that very rare . 
  except the eu is n't centralized enough to project that economic power . 
  it would need to be more unified in the way china or the usa is and that just is n't possible or desired in the foreseeable future . 
  what is a normal commute in that situation ? 
  well the math checks out at least .
