  and yeah `` some '' of them are . 
  the fucking `` prime minister '' of these cowboys is a russian from moscow that was involved with crimea and has ties to russian intelligence . 
  also nato is used all over the world . 
  russia wants to start warsaw pact and get the band back together ? 
  go ahead and give serbia and belarus a call and take over the world with their amazing economies and world leading military . 
  and no , usa does n't bomb everyone they do n't agree with . 
  cuba is right on the border and independent . 
  they also are close to russia . 
  military alliance and nukes placed on border are two different issues . 
  total straw man . 
  talking about usa being corrupt is a joke . 
  countries are afraid to even invest in russia . 
  you might end up randomly nationalized or thrown in jail if putin does n't like you or even better killed . 
  great job talking about snowden . 
  he was a spy regardless of the info . 
  he is also alive . 
  compare that to journalists murdered left and right and a culture of fear if you do n't parrot the state propaganda . 
  media in the usa is allowed to completely rip the government to shreds and does it on a constant basis . 
  usa is criticized by usa media literally 24/7 . 
  and just in case you forget , countries want to join nato and eu . 
  no one is forced to join . 
  there are benefits and zero draw backs . 
  who would n't want the biggest worldwide markets and militaries protecting your people and making you richer ? 
  what would they protest ? 
  the country has terrorist camps training people to attack america all over the world and harbored the leadership of al qaeda as welcome guests . 
  of course there are no protests . 
  it was retaliation for an attack . 
  are you delusional ? 
  what does that have to do with russia making naked land grabs ? 
  that would n't fly in usa . 
  would be protests everywhere . 
  you are comparing moving nukes to a military alliance . 
  they simply keep their base that they have had there . 
  absolute bullshit on your end . 
  plus `` ukrainian '' rebels are russians . 
  russian born russian citizens . 
  also russian forces are attacking ukraine . 
  also actual russian forces did invade ukraine . 
  and russia can claim they are n't soviets anymore , but they are still using state media and having russian journalists murdered left and right . 
  nice try claiming it is a world wide conspiracy that countries prefer to be allied with usa . 
  why would n't a country want to be allied with the biggest economic market with free principles and does n't threaten to invade you if they disagree versus a barbaric gas station ? 
  russia does n't get to decide the foreign policy of their independent former soviet bloc countries . 
  russia is a mess and should worry about russia . 
  russia trades with germany which is a nato and eu country , yet they invade countries and foment instability that try to improve their own situation and align themselves with bigger markets . 
  just like their ridiculous `` peacekeeping '' efforts in countries like moldova and georgia . 
  do n't confuse indifference from india or china with an alliance . 
  china is much closer to the usa than russia all things considered even with the rivalry they have . 
  oh , so all of a sudden the person voted was n't a corrupt crook and it was instead a takeover by neo-nazis . 
  so considering only a small portion of the country is in rebel hands , the entire country is basically nazis ? 
  the reality is russia is trying to force countries from breaking free through military intimidation . 
  usa does n't threaten to invade mexico if they do n't want to be allied with usa . 
  cuba is a free country as well and they specifically ally with russia . 
  usa has a collection of alliances that are done freely . 
  you think most of europe is allied with usa because they are afraid usa will invade and take over ? 
  russia is a has been country . 
  their time has past . 
  countries are running away from russia specifically because of how russia treats their neighbors . 
  the cold war happened . 
  you had the iron curtain and of course there were other countries that aligned with either side throughout the planet , but look at what happened in europe . 
  almost all of the continent has shifted towards being allies with the usa and joining eu and nato . 
  they did it because of being oppressed by russian rule . 
  countries that ally with usa prosper in comparison . 
  all russia is accomplishing through their fantasies of being a super power is that they are turning themselves into a world pariah . 
  a country like china is also going to bend them over and turn them into a de facto vassal when they are the only country they can turn to for trade . 
  china only cares about china which is fine . 
  they should be most concerned with themselves . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  look at how russia was forced into selling gas for cheaper to china . 
  russia has no bargaining power and their entire economy depends on selling gas . 
  and enough with these stupid delusions about missile shields . 
  they are n't meant to stop russian nukes . 
  they are designed to stop nukes from middle east region . 
  and russia has no `` promise '' to stop nato expansion . 
  that is a fantasy as well . 
  there was no such promise . 
  russia has zero right to tell other countries what military alliances or trade groups they are allowed to enter . 
  russia has dug their own grave and have putin to thank for it . 
  i am sure they are all there for peacekeeping purposes . 
  why stop now ? 
  mexico has no interest in russia . 
  russia is n't relevant . 
  people want to ally with the largest economy for a reason especially with the large amounts of disposable income that americans have and their willingness to spend it . 
  usa is n't annexing cuba although it pisses me off that usa has an embargo on them . 
  russia does n't have any more of a right to a `` sphere of influence '' than italy does . 
  they act as though they should be able to control every neighbor 's foreign policy and trade while doing as they please with their own country . 
  historical borders does n't mean shit either unless russia is in the mood of handing kalingrad back to germany and all of eastern russia to mongolia . 
  can be quite insulting as well considering the implications . 
  crimea is n't forgotten . 
  the sanctions were a result of crimea . 
  the punishments have been stepped up to prove they are doing things diplomatically on one side versus rash decisions . 
  germany is in nato and eu and for some reason russia does n't have any issue doing business with them without the use of threats . 
  i find that hard to believe considering their support for actions in east ukraine . 
  georgia ? 
  there have been patterns of russian forces getting involved inside other former soviet countries . 
  then there are the multiple incidents with ukraine . 
  i was also suggesting russia would use the treaty as a pretense to protect ukrainians from nato . 
  i honestly could n't imagine belarus in the eu . 
  i thought they aligned themselves very closely with russia which to me is fine if that is what their people desire . 
  i mean it is n't like poland is being held hostage in the eu as an opposing example . 
  the issue was/is that you must be born in the united states to be a president .
