  that is all that matters . 
  you think the russians ' care what they shoot down ? 
  stick to gibraltar . 
  slaves could apply for passports ? 
  news to me . 
  does chechnya have veto power on russia 's national policies ? 
  since when does democracy only exist with 100 % approval ? 
  let 's not make a habit of defending alabama . 
  i agree with everything you said , but just wanted to point out the term is scape goat . 
  look , i do n't want to give the impression that i 'm against the things you are saying . 
  i 'm really not on a micro level . 
  lack of worker protections on the macro level is what leads to de facto slavery conditions after slavery was legalized . 
  go to places where it is a race to the bottom and you essentially have slavery in everything but name only . 
  there needs to be protections for workers . 
  i was n't trying to say you supported things like subsidies either . 
  i am simply stating that there needs to be a balanced and regulated business atmosphere where workers are treated humanely and businesses are able to safely make money within the rule of law . 
  i hope your company has continued success . 
  start a business ? 
  with what money ? 
  should government completely stop all unemployment and just tell everyone to start a business and get rich instead of complaining about lack of work ? 
  your reasoning lends itself towards if workers are making nothing it is because they deserve nothing which quickly ends up to supporting slave labor and sweat shops . 
  why should businesses be allowed to get subsidies and tax cuts and have lobbyists writing laws for the government but workers collectively having any kind of power is considered cheating or ridiculous or entitled ? 
  there needs to be a balance between the two . 
  that does n't mean you land a job . 
  there are more jobs than people even in a perfect economy , much less an awful one . 
  you implied that low pay is deserved for whoever is getting it . 
  ha , if you say so . 
  just saying it is a rough market . 
  us produces an absurd amount of beef . 
  usa produces more food than they know what to do with . 
  that is n't accurate . 
  eu is n't a country and each individual country has their own fiscal policy . 
  i would probably start with the government and passing of basic protections . 
  in case you did n't know , full 100 % employment is n't feasible . 
  not everyone that is able to work and with skills is able to land a job . 
  do you blame slaves for being slaves and view them as worthless and should n't earn any pay ? 
  sorry , but you keep using `` we '' . 
  which country are you referring to ? 
  what specifically are you calling slavery ? 
  i still did n't quite catch that . 
  slavery is a pretty big deal . 
  what are you referring to as slavery when you say we have slavery right now ? 
  the price of gas is n't the only determining factor in quality of life and cost of living . 
  that is great . 
  free to do what exactly if they can barely afford to even live ? 
  free to scrap by in eternal debt ? 
  let freedom ring . 
  thank you for completely ignoring my examples of modern day slavery . 
  i mean nothing screams freedom more than a sweat shop or things like corporations as big as walmart choosing to shut down entire stores because the workers managed to form a union . 
  i never see the fight against guaranteed profits for businesses and battle cries of freedom against business tax credits and subsidies though . 
  basic worker protections and trying to maintain wages that allow people to be able to afford to live off of their labor is seen as criminal , but someone being paid guaranteed millions even when they fail miserably never gets people to even bat an eye . 
  good luck trying to import beef to usa . 
  usa produces a ridiculous amount of food . 
  you realize things like share croppers and company towns and sweat shops are just different names for slavery , right ? 
  who are you protecting by getting rid of protections for the people with the least amount of influence and power ? 
  you want to make sure that people are allowed the freedom to work for nothing so that there is a race to the bottom in desperation ? 
  usa has n't ratified it either . 
  turkey is also part of nato . 
  you sound like a dick with your dismissive attitude . 
  you are n't talking about a country like north korea . 
  same goes for your own comment with you advocating slavery . 
  good luck finding anything worthwhile to trash about canada besides the fake frogs that think they should have their own country . 
  my sides hurt so bad right now . 
  i have a question . 
  was alexander a great macedonian or the greatest macedonian ? 
  tell us how you really feel . 
  man , what did macedonia do to you ? 
  son of a bitch , these pictures make me sad going through them . 
  heresy . 
  i feel like you would do well in / r/libertarian . 
  they are too busy dealing with cartels . 
  that and the whole allied and huge trading partners thing . 
  i ask because have lots of family that lives there although my parents moved away before i was born . 
  i only ever hear bad news from there and it can be quite depressing . 
  hard to keep fully informed when i 'm kind of limited to what i can watch on rtp . 
  are things turning around at all for portugal ? 
  at least in the cities possibly ? 
  when you have free hammers , everything is a nail . 
  this is wrong on every possible level . 
  thousands ? 
  texas would be empty within the first 48 hours . 
  too bad facts and feelings are two separate things . 
  edgy ? 
  i ai n't your kiddo . 
  edgy like saying the usa occupies europe by having forces stationed in countries that are part of the same military alliance ? 
  yeah , i would n't know anything about being that edgy . 
  sure if you are an idiot who has no concept of context . 
  feel free to be an idiot all you want . 
  it was a bit more complicated than that . 
  muscovy was going through a big civil war and the commonwealth was trying to swoop in and take over . 
  trying to make them catholic was a big no no on keeping local support of nobility for a foreign king . 
  yeah , from my understanding turkey did it because the island was leaning towards joining greece versus remaining independent . 
  so turkey was doing it to protect the voices of the turks on the island from the ottoman days . 
  this is a whole lot of fighting for so little real estate . 
  looks like a big proxy pissing match between neighbors . 
  as soon as you used the word occupation is when i made my mind up on that reply of mine . 
  your statement is different than who you `` agreed '' with . 
  sounds like a permanent war zone especially for such a small island . 
  damn shame the two groups ca n't coexist with each other . 
  invading moscow is kind of a big deal to brush aside even though i do agree with poland not really being aggressive at any remotely recent date .
