  the system now just has governments in rich areas acting like they are morally superior to the poorer countries and acting like a few billion back and forth makes a difference in the largest shared economy in the world . 
  yes and the poor countries get threatened with not receiving money from eu meanwhile nothing happens to rich countries that break rules that make matters worse for everyone . 
  ah , you definitely got me there . 
  are you going door to door ? 
  yeah but ca n't france at least sell to dictators that wo n't kill europeans ? 
  trying to calm tensions with russia is good for everyone including poland . 
  not even one russian soldier in poland would be accepted . 
  a casino work ? 
  what , london ( derry ) ^ 2 does n't work ? 
  it is a fair deal when everyone is angry . 
  which would be hilarious considering japan sanctioned russia too . 
  i get that life was n't perfect back then for people in general , but come on , you honestly do n't think africa had it worst ? 
  they was an industrialized slave trade there . 
  we had europeans chopping off hands so much that the hands themselves became a commodity . 
  no freaking way life in canada and africa was the same . 
  no one is lamenting the effects of colonialism on canada . 
  maybe american companies regardless of where they are manufactured ? 
  they can just take a quick hop over to italy for their shopping . 
  problem solved . 
  only the peasants get affected . 
  i have to disagree with you on that one . 
  i 'm saying that yes people in the uk and north american colonies were treated like fucking kings compared to the shit belgium was doing in africa even hundreds of years later . 
  i mean , come on , you serious ? 
  i have the opinion it was stupid to even rebel in the first place with usa . 
  i was simply correcting you on the economy thing . 
  it was blatantly untrue . 
  i do n't know where you draw intentions from that statement . 
  you would have an impossible task ahead of you if you tried looking for a even a single instance of me saying i want the eu to fail . 
  outside of canada , eu is usa 's most important ally . 
  i want all of europe to live in safety and have comfortable and happy lives . 
  that even goes for russians . 
  i do n't understand how you take such a hard stance on even acknowledging racism on a personal level yet you are calling anything and everything on a diplomatic level racist . 
  usa can be allied with any country it wants . 
  it is absurd to say countries ca n't be allies unless they have the same exact people . 
  that is racist as fuck . 
  being allied to the usa also gives a country safety and stability . 
  no one fucks with you if you have the usa as a protector . 
  it allows you to live in peace and for common people to become richer and have a chance for decent lives . 
  plus usa then gets opportunity to get smart and hard working people from all over the world that they are allied with to come to their country . 
  i do n't think it is racist to point out that blacks face racism all the damn time . 
  usa is pretty racist . 
  i see racist stuff happen quite often . 
  it would be crazy to deny it . 
  that does n't mean i approve of affirmative action type laws though . 
  in fact , i actually hate those types of laws . 
  you have what seems like very arbitrary stances on racism , i feel like i 'm walking a minefield with you to avoid the racist tag . 
  saying i 'm racist towards immigrants is also pretty nuts . 
  i do n't understand how me thinking a wide variety of cultures is great and my own family being immigrants somehow makes me racist towards immigrants . 
  i ca n't even begin to wrap my head around that . 
  how is migration any different for usa ? 
  i do n't claim to know what the right answer is for eu , but leaving people to die in the seas is fucked up . 
  i do suggest eu doing all it can to stop isis though . 
  i am not saying eu is responsible and is required to do anything , but helping stop it would end up helping to increase stability in the region . 
  that instability from civil wars in the region is what is causing refugees in the first place . 
  that would be like conservatives liking stephen colbert . 
  how do you know eu takes more immigrants than usa ? 
  eu also has a considerably larger population as well . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong , just seems hard to gauge considering the very poorly guarded us borders and the fact that illegal and documentation do n't exactly mix well . 
  i 'm not sure on what the comparisons are on how they are treated . 
  i do know illegals come to usa to work . 
  i mean yes they end up with free healthcare and all that , but they usually are here doing cheap labor jobs for cheap and make enough where they are sending money home . 
  money being sent to mexico is a big part of their economy . 
  look when i talk about eu and payback i am not trying to make it seem like eu is evil or any of that nonsense . 
  i 'm also aware of faults with usa . 
  if the thread was actually about usa i could easily go on and on about us issues . 
  the situation there sucks and it is n't the fault of the people there who are trying to escape . 
  eu has their own citizens by the thousands going over there to kill people . 
  you have poor countries like jordan that are n't sitting on top of oil money that have their entire country basically turned into a refugee camp . 
  jordan i believe as at least 20 % of their population consisting of recent refugees . 
  i ca n't even imagine how hard it has to be on them . 
  do n't you think the contrast is kind of pathetic when you look at italy that hopes they have people die in the water off their shore ? 
  the problem is their domestic industry is a joke . 
  they are n't competitive and they ca n't produce enough either . 
  if they actually closed their markets people would literally be dying . 
  pretty much local governments can do whatever they want so long as no state laws are broken . 
  same goes for states doing anything they want so long as federal laws are n't broken . 
  there are giant sections of the country where you can go and live where you could literally never see anyone and do anything you want other than maybe a postal worker at a post office . 
  ha , kind of like the russian in hunt for red october who dreams of escaping to montana . 
  it gets messy like during the civil rights movement where locals were really racist and local police were corrupt and went along with it . 
  the federal government gets sent in to police the locals and that 's usually how corrupt departments get in trouble . 
  they get the attention of the federal government and they end up in deep shit . 
  you ca n't exactly bribe the fbi . 
  usa deals with this as well . 
  there are children that show up at the border by themselves . 
  if they are n't from mexico and travel past mexico and make it to usa they do n't get sent back . 
  there are people in usa freaking out about it . 
  i do n't know what the right answer is , but i have a hard time with my government chasing kids away from the border . 
  cubans do the same thing coming to usa . 
  they float over on boats i 'd be afraid to use in a lake , much less use to travel in an ocean with one . 
  usa searches and saves them and they end up staying . 
  i know there are lots of cubans in florida from decades of people escaping to usa and florida is n't worse off because of it . 
  it is a shitty situation with the wars near europe that are causing refugees . 
  maybe it would be better if there was a policy to spread these people more evenly throughout europe so that tiny countries do n't get overloaded like sweden and norway . 
  also , eu being more proactive in trying to stop isis would help alleviate the situation outside of eu instead of having to deal with the results of refugees inside of eu . 
  i have to disagree on that . 
  you are basically saying it is racist to have allies that are n't next door to you . 
  what makes you think usa does n't have an interest in south korea ? 
  japan is a close ally of usa . 
  is usa not asian enough to be allied with japan either ? 
  south korea also gets along with usa a lot better than with japan for obvious reasons .
