  random thugs do n't kill presidents with radiation poisoning . 
  also , which of these two countries has invaded ukraine , usa or russia ? 
  you think eastern europe is being bribed into hating russia ? 
  how delusional are you ? 
  there are tons of reasons to hate russia if you are in eastern europe and russia keeps adding reasons . 
  there are russians in / r/russia who are more cognizant of reality than you are . 
  you come off like a putin lap dog . 
  are you under the impression that russia does n't try to influence countries ? 
  the usa does n't say they are in danger of ceasing to exist because russia trades with kazakhstan . 
  i keep asking how russia is attacked and all you can do is tell me how i think and how young i am . 
  i can easily show the acts russia has done . 
  my criticisms are based on reality and facts . 
  the only aggressive country in this situation is russia . 
  invade countries and violate borders all over europe and have been an aggressive war monger in europe since the fall of ussr . 
  where did i say anything that was n't accurate ? 
  feel free to correct me without saying `` nope , you are young and wrong because i said so . '', 
  by the way , when i say russia has attacked or occupied countries , it is because they have actually done this and are doing it . 
  when you say the evil west has attacked russia and russia is in danger of existing ( good fucking lord is that delusional ) your proof is they had occupied countries rebel against them and their economy collapsed on itself from poor management . 
  russia makes the west their enemy . 
  they have zero intention of working with western countries . 
  they know they ca n't compete with open trade . 
  the government is run by corrupt oligarchs and they are vastly outclassed competitively on the world market . 
  this is why their economy revolves around selling fuel . 
  they have nothing else going for them than sitting on top of resources . 
  oh , stocks grew . 
  yeah , i hate when companies have more money invested in them . 
  that is usually a bad sign . 
  i would much prefer the economy of a militarized gas station that only exports vacationing soldiers and threats and ca n't compete against the market . 
  and they had zero problems invading while they had a president as well . 
  there have been elections held . 
  they always had a legit parliament . 
  even today russia is threatening ukraine . 
  you could n't be a bigger putin apologist if you tried . 
  never change . 
  well , when there are more votes than eligible voters , they are extra democratic . 
  putin , not quite as democratically supported as the government of north korea . 
  i want mussolini style regime changes . 
  yes , economic collapse . 
  usa 's economy since 2008 grew by almost the entire size of russia 's total economy . 
   superpower my sides whatyearisit.jpg, 
  no worries , america never wavers on hating russia . 
  the islam stuff was just a mini cold war vacation . 
  i 'm not 17 . 
  you are the one saying crimea would n't have been taken and ukraine never invaded if ukraine waited for elections . 
  those elections did happen . 
  and there was a `` peace '' deal with russia after they fucked ukraine . 
  the ink has n't dried and they are already threatening ukraine again . 
  you are a russian apologist , nothing more . 
  it is a terrorist state . 
  just filled with rage filled people with fragile egos that yearn to be `` powerful '' by abusing their neighbors . 
  i 'd love to see you tell the people in eastern europe that them rebelling and wanting to be free was n't done by them and it was an attack on poor russia and they are justified to invade europe because their paranoid feelings are being hurt . 
  great response . 
  i do n't have answers , so you are just wrong and young too !, 
  i 'm not the one saying that if something happens that you do n't like it automatically equals usa attacked . 
  i do n't even know how you manage to type with your lips permanently attached to putin 's asshole . 
  russia continues to act like a terrorist state and every post by you is defending them . 
  they would be crying that their country is being threatened and russia might cease to exist if they do n't take over a few countries in defense . 
  gutless apologist . 
  where was the attack ? 
  who forced people to rebel ? 
  ever think that the ussr was doomed to failure from the moment it was created since it involved occupying people against their will ? 
  how does an outside country force people to rebel all over europe and asia ? 
  they are still the biggest country on the planet by a large margin . 
  `` ceasing to exist '' is a ridiculous idea . 
  you are beyond paranoid . 
  i ony hope you are russian with your bullshit propaganda that you swallow eagerly while talking about `` reality . '', 
  even worse paris has parisians everywhere . 
  people rebelled on the inside . 
  there were coups happening . 
  their `` country '' was an empire built on occupation and oppression . 
  they feel because of their own actions . 
  no one has attacked russia since wwii . 
  show me where russia was attacked . 
  you are just a historical revisionist that excuses all of russia 's barbaric actions . 
  you want to keep talking about `` report '' and their `` 700 '' year history ? 
  the reality is oppressed people rebel . 
  secret police are n't required in a willing union . 
  the inevitable happened . 
  ussr was doomed for failure by design . 
  all people on the outside had to do was watch . 
  your logic is bullshit . 
  russia invaded people and those people rebel . 
  clearly it is all usa 's fault . 
  great history knowledge . 
  at least you are n't like the russians that claim they 've ruled over ukrainians for 1000 years . 
  is germany still being blamed on the first one ? 
  so do we do that after the nukes then ? 
  wrong with what ? 
  where did i read what from ? 
  at no point has anyone invaded russia after wwii . 
  well unless you count fighting between china and russia . 
  usa never attacked russia . 
  ussr collapsed from their own government . 
  their economy sucked and their people hated the government . 
  there was rebellion everywhere . 
  they were n't `` attacked '' . 
  they were a failure on their own . 
  russia also was n't being attacked by having countries trying to defend themselves from nonstop russian aggression . 
  russia iis always the wrong one . 
  there are people against russia because russia is the one invading europe .
