  usa uses an old system . 
  it works . 
  i do n't think it is the best system , but it is adequate . 
  there is a bunch of stuff i 'd like to copy from other democracies , but not like i can do a damn thing about it . 
  the treaty of vienna included handing the land back . 
  where has spain protested the issue with uk ? 
  i mean it would be absurd to own an island and not the water around it , do n't you think ? 
  if anything by basic laws regarding the water , uk is actually entitled to more than 3 miles . 
  uk is n't really claiming that much . 
  they are entitled to take everything up to the halfway point between spain and gibraltar . 
  there is overlap in borders at sea otherwise it would be 12 miles . 
  uk only taking 3 miles is generous . 
  this is standard all across the world . 
  it is a shame that politicians are n't like him today . 
  which treaties are you referencing if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  also why are you saying san fran is part of mexico ? 
  how was gibraltar breaking the treaty of utrecht ? 
  i ca n't even wrap my head around how imperialistic your attitude is to begin with . 
  skipping that , why china ? 
  do you have any idea of how china acts towards its neighbors ? 
  you realize they invade and attack neighbors on a regular basis ? 
  no , the point i was making was that spain is complaining that gibraltar belongs to spain and yet they control land that blatantly does n't belong to spain in olivenza . 
  i think you should probably do a bit more studying of history if you think america has n't done anything fucked up and if you think all evil in the world stems from europe . 
  even better is you thinking china is this nice peaceful country that gets along wonderfully with its asian neighbors . 
  i do n't even know where to begin on how wrong your statement is . 
  even worse is you thinking the communist party in china makes better allies than countries that are democracies and are currently military allies with usa . 
  `` it is in their blood . '', 
  what planet were you living in that has war only existing in europe ? 
  you do realize china is already one country and they have way more people than eu and they spend a ton on military . 
  eu also shares the closest values and culture of usa that you can get without being the same country . 
  china has a very different government that runs completely counter to our own and is a military and economic rival . 
  eu and usa are strong allies for decades . 
  why in the world would usa ally with china of all countries ? 
  usa is also insanely tight with countries like the uk . 
  even military and spy agencies are integrated . 
  in comparison to the relationship to eu , china is practically enemies with usa . 
  hre is ridiculous . 
  disband every chance you get . 
  why would rome be ruled by pope ? 
  the perfect chance for greek annexation plans . 
  eventually madrid will be left to rule over madrid with all these autonomous regions . 
  eu is us 's biggest ally outside of canada . 
  china is a rival . 
  you do n't see how strange your position is ? 
  well i hope it is a minority and that it is based on ignorance . 
  i see the crazy stuff that happens in usa from ignorance and the ideas are just insane . 
  i do agree german is probably the biggest language in europe though . 
  your name sticks out for me . 
  that very well might be true , but the international language of business is n't german . 
  native speaker does n't mean much either . 
  i would bet there are more people in europe that know english versus german . 
  team up with china against eu ? 
  wtf ?!, 
  as if doxxing and harassment offline was n't enough for you you say crazy shit like this too . 
  i never said you were a horrible person . 
  i try to avoid that kind of thing . 
  i just hope you are trolling with lots of the things you say versus actually believing it . 
  some of the shit you say is pretty out there . 
  there is far worse than you . 
  i honestly only mentioned you because i knew you lived in the usa from talking to you before . 
  for example / u/lemurgirl comes across as genuinely insane regardless of current country of residence . 
  i also do n't have any ill will towards russians . 
  i just am disappointed when i hear some of them defend putin 's actions . 
  they are indefensible . 
  i can criticize usa with no issue . 
  with some of them it seems like russian government can do no wrong even while obviously acting like giant assholes even to their own people . 
  no , you are right . 
  you do n't say crazy shit at all . 
  i never said you were n't allowed to be crazy . 
  there are plenty of people born right in the usa that are crazy as well . 
  maybe they only say it to each other and are more likely to give grief to a ukrainian . 
  they are cool to me but they obviously stock to themselves more . 
  but my family is immigrants too and they stick to their own as well for comfort . 
  curb does n't mean stop completely . 
  i 'm sure it is mostly due to being caught so they were acting sloppy plus russia is acting insane an obviously needs any attention it can get . 
  sorry , the vast majority i should say . 
  i know for a fact there are some russians on reddit that live in the usa and enjoy all the creature comforts of the usa while hating it and thinking russia is amazing and defend everything putin does . 
  cough / u/gangnamstylingonyou cough, 
  people in russia today like stalin ? 
  well north korea is a bar that is pretty easy to hurdle over . 
  not exactly a tough standard . 
  haha , what more do you want from me ? 
  i had a different understanding of the word than you . 
  i always understood it as not having direct choice over your leaders . 
  it is n't really anything involving whether you are a native speaker or not either . 
  republic is a word that goes across languages . 
  although your english is excellent regardless . 
  i wish my language skills were n't so awful outside of english . 
  except it fucks up the spanish more than anyone since tons of them travel there for work . 
  i get confused on that . 
  i 've seen people grabbed and thrown in vans for promoting gay stuff in public . 
  do they make you have sex during the application process or something ? 
  just be gay for a couple months or whatever . 
  oh boy , do n't say that . 
  i tried saying that and got reamed out earlier . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't mean to downplay the desire for muslims to associate with other muslims . 
  that is n't my intention . 
  i meant to say that a muslim is n't a defined person . 
  you ca n't just look at people and say they are a muslim . 
  there are so many different ethnic groups that it falls under .
