  i have n't heard of this yet . 
  yes , i agree it is tough topic . 
  i fully understand where you are coming from though . 
  if the kidnappings were political with murder being the intended goal , ransoms would be irrelevant anyway !, 
  i just have to disagree with you . 
  i am firmly on the side of governments that do n't negotiate with terrorists . 
  well thanks . 
  i will take census numbers versus baseless speculation . 
  and if no one paid it would n't happen . 
  you realize that is n't the type of hostage situations we are talking about ? 
  we are specifically referencing foreign hostage taking and eu countries absolutely pay out more than usa . 
  just look at that list and you will see no mentions of the random hostages that get paid off in africa and middle east . 
  no one is talking about a random bank robbery . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  there is risk involved in taking hostages . 
  the capability of doing so also requires money . 
  they are n't doing it for fun either . 
  they do it to get money . 
  no money means less hostages . 
  they would be risking their lives for no return . 
  usa pretty much has no hostages taken compared to eu specifically because there is no return on american hostages . 
  this is absolutely true but russia ca n't build pipelines overnight . 
  overseas shipping is also pretty economical although i agree a pipeline is typically the cheapest alternative short of the oil already being inside of your country . 
  transport costs are also going to be higher for russia as they continue to expand into more difficult to extract oil deposits . 
  not having superior western technology hurts too . 
  russia also has the issue that in their nationalistic fervor they are selling to china for cheaper prices than eu and using the ruble which makes the price even cheaper as it continues to lose value versus the dollar/euro . 
  i think the euro is the only viable alternative to purchasing items on a large scale in international markets . 
  who says people are n't paying ransoms to save money ? 
  governments do n't do it to save costs , they refuse to pay to save lives . 
  it is close to impossible to catch hostage takers in a foreign country . 
  it essentially never happens . 
  you are literally encouraging it to increase and giving them the funding to pull it off . 
  hey , i am with you . 
  you wo n't catch me arguing that russia is n't full of corruption . 
  i find the fact that they sanction themselves hilarious considering the economic power of the eu compared to russia . 
  russia ca n't do shit other than cut off fuel , but it would be suicidal for them while eu could still get by just with higher prices . 
   in poland we have a new joke :  - what 's the difference between russia and lighter ? 
  - there is no difference . 
  both are worthless without gas . 
  that comment is hilarious . 
  i have trouble hearing you over the sound of the ruble crashing . 
  they literally reference the same exact things and have the same conclusions . 
  who exactly is a shill ? 
  well no one is saying that it is japan preventing the purchase . 
  that goes for eu and usa as well . 
  i do n't know how russia plans on stopping it . 
  yeah that is the case with lots of aircraft . 
  b-52 's are a good example . 
  the problem is that fighters get outdated the fastest based on the actual airframe and powerplant itself . 
  this is why usa has created several fighters since then and already retired them . 
  on a positive note those migs are getting retired in a couple years by everyone in nato and usa 's extensive military hardware leads to decent deals on slightly older hardware . 
  i mean i do n't know what else to say . 
  i think some attempts should be made to diplomatically relax tensions even if russia is wrong . 
  even during the middle of cold war at its peak this was the case . 
  nobody wants war . 
  just like now i would prefer more done to help ukraine but i understand that attempts were made to give russia a diplomatic out . 
  more people die because of it . 
  i literally said the craziest most extreme bullshit i could come up with and you agreed with it with zero irony . 
  you probably should wander over to / r/conspiracy where you can talk about how da jooz run the world . 
  you mean that does n't mean , `` hi , hope you are having a nice day ? '', 
  wow , that is crazy . 
  those planes are old as hell . 
  they came out a bit after the korean war . 
  they are like ancient f-4 's . 
  i 'm not sure if it is true , but i 've read they are the most produced military aircraft of all time . 
  talk about going on a tangent . 
  usa has a variety of news and they have access to news all over the world . 
  russia literally is trying to cut off the country from the rest of the world . 
  russia murders their journalists . 
  russia destroys all political opposition and openly rigs elections on top of it . 
  russia invades and annexes land with voting at gun point in sham elections . 
  russia has literally committed genocide on their own people and the instances of ethnic cleansing are countless . 
  russia does n't even allow freedom of movement inside of their own country . 
  also that is a ridiculous cheap shot to have someone from the diverse country of poland to talk about racial tension in other countries . 
  you are right . 
  usa literally invented racism . 
  racism begins and ends at the us borders . 
  obama also dictates exactly what we are allowed to think directly through fox news as well . 
  and if we do n't comply nsa/fbi/cia / atf bashes in our door with special forces soldiers surrounding the house . 
  it is pathetic how some people in this sub could turn a positive piece about poland into a `` usa fucking sucks , amirite , '' diatribe . 
  btw , `` so called alliance '' is the same alliance that started a world war and left their countries in ruins to rescue poland . 
  your logic is as astounding as it is offensive . 
  every country has their idiots . 
  the government is best buds with russia . 
  they could swap hints . 
  well you are entitled to be wrong . 
  your country overwhelmingly chose to not only join eu but also nato . 
  poland is no more your part of the world than the millions of other people in the country that disagree with you . 
  in fact the government of poland has requested even more of a us presence . 
  usa does n't have censorship and state propaganda to make all of europe the hated enemy full of nazis and usa was n't committing ethnic cleansing and genocide in europe . 
  russia has . 
  usa also does n't do voting at gun point . 
  there are countless differences between the countries . 
  it is comical to compare the two . 
  check out how france was treated after being liberated from nazis versus poland . 
  yeah , russia and usa are totally the same !, 
  no , i meant exactly what i said . 
  it was not a typo . 
  country of switzerland . 
  i sure hope so considering everything is concentrated in one spot and paris has more people than the whole country combined .
