  i expected english flair here . 
  same in portuguese . 
  explain latin please . 
  saddam was invaded specifically because of kuwait . 
  there is no debating this . 
  i did n't mean the eu acted officially in libya . 
  i meant countries in the eu spearheaded libya . 
  how that translates to petrodollar bullshit is beyond me . 
  go ahead and point to the disgusting mod approved behavior that happens here in this sub . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to find a bigger group of vile whackjobs than / r/conspiracy . 
  that sticky literally has links and stories about how the jews were the real people behind 9-11 . 
  ok , so , you were wrong . 
  saddam became an enemy by invading and annexing allies of the usa . 
  it had jack shit to do with your petrodollar bullshit . 
  same thing with libya . 
  it was literally spearheaded by the eu . 
  literally right this second the sub has a sticky blaming the jooz on 9-11 . 
  that sub is full of disgusting people . 
  haha . 
  that is amazing.i only based out on this one post that you belong there . 
  i guess kuwait never happened . 
  much easier to rant like loons about jews , shadow governments and the petrodollar . 
  go back to / r/conspiracy . 
  those are the facts , mannnn . 
  what ? 
  what is wrong with four rings ? 
  charge stations in the usa already go cross brand . 
  haha , yes absolutely . 
  i can feel the love in this thread . 
  america has a shit ton of immigrants from all over the world including from the western hemisphere . 
  i am aware that the usa is n't an angel . 
  far from it actually especially during the cold war . 
  got to spend it to make it . 
  why would n't european companies go invest there on their own instead of doing it through china ? 
  how the fuck did we get drawn into this ? 
  just a misunderstanding of tone over text . 
  no big deal . 
  i could have done a better job there . 
  the gap is also closer due to how much money gets funneled to those worthless states that have been getting propped up for decades at a time . 
  the amount of money that new york gives to the rest of the country year after year would give a german a heart attack if it happened in the eu . 
  americans do n't have sense of humor ? 
  if you say so . 
  i never said i was writing a thesis here . 
  the money was stolen . 
  i do n't see the problem in just admitting it . 
  oh my god . 
  please play victim harder . 
  soviets ended up killing many more in the end . 
  paradise does n't usually require walls to keep people in . 
  in the west people build walls to keep people out . 
  the land was already defacto soviet due to it already having occupying forces there . 
  there was no liberating in the east . 
  there was only trading invaders . 
  i am not in high school . 
  the only downfall i would be concerned with is one trick pony economies controlled by dictators as he and his friends rob the country blind . 
  some things never change . 
  oil prices caused plenty of problems for russia during soviet era as well . 
  yeah of course it was agreed . 
  what else could they do ? 
  go to war with stalin and ussr after a massive global war ? 
  eastern europe had one evil occupying force traded for another . 
  at least the nazis only stayed a few years versus decades . 
  who said anything about 18th century ? 
  i did n't know 18th century was excuse for 21st century wars and invasions . 
  also , just stop . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_population_transfers_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9346 ), 
  ukraine had crimea since middle of 20th century . 
  any country that joins nato does so on their own . 
  i ca n't believe you continue to deny ethnic cleansing by soviets . 
  poles are all kicked out of belarus . 
  it was ethnic cleansing . 
  crimea belongs to ukraine . 
  russia continues to invade ukraine . 
  they continue to occupy moldova and georgia as well . 
  there is a clear reason that countries jumped ship to eu and nato the second they could kick out russia . 
  russia only knows how to bully and threaten neighbors . 
  notice how it treats ukraine their `` brothers '' as soon as they make their own decisions . 
  russia is a pariah for a reason . 
  who would consider belarus poland today ? 
  ever think that is because of all the russian ethnic cleansing ? 
  ussr was just a different russian empire . 
  also the west was n't ruled by america . 
  the east however was just russian occupied lands . 
  russia also continues to occupy europe today . 
  are you aware of the many occupied and annexed territories russia has in europe ? 
  did you skip school for european history when russia took over half the continent last century before getting humiliated by cold war defeat ? 
  nato is what saves most of the continent from invaders from the east . 
  europe is n't a fan of russian tourists . 
  if they border russia , yes , absolutely needed . 
  joining nato means your country wo n't disappear again . 
  no country is ever free near russia unless they can counter their likely invasion . 
  just ask ukraine . 
  slavic brotherhood in action . 
  so poland is n't suffering by having powerful allies that protect it from hostile neighbors like russia that gladly invade and annex countries on its border with impunity for centuries up to and including this very second . 
  just checking . 
  poland only benefits and you just wanted to spew nonsense that has nothing to do with anything . 
  i hope the income is decent , ivan . 
  how is poland suffering ? 
  poland literally asks for the things america gives them and asked to join nato as well . 
  poland is an important ally to the usa and vice versa .
