  because spain and portugal and greece were literally falling over themselves with money everywhere prior to a massive recession ? 
  and how would cutting make that better ? 
  just ignore all the massive evidence that shows austerity to be failed economic theory . 
  what good times are you referencing that they were n't doing this ? 
  usa managed to rebound quicker from recession than europe and they did it with the help of spending . 
  germany treats even the hint of inflation as if wwiii is going to start up any minute now as a result . 
  no one is championing bad spending for the sake of spending . 
  what people rail against is cutting for the sake of cutting . 
  austerity measures during a recession just gets demand and leads to even more cutting to keep in certain budget constraints due to even less tax revenue coming in . 
  broad austerity only makes matters worse . 
  governments should provide stimulus during bad times and save during good times . 
  i 've read that the technology was a huge selling point for them and that they were going to build two more ships in russia as part of the deal . 
  greed is why the eu fails . 
  all it takes is a couple phone calls and speeches to make it completely impotent . 
  if you do n't understand reddit after observing that , you will never understand reddit . 
  coincidentally , those words could be written in the same location depending on which side it is . 
  i 'm retarded . 
  i typed on mobile and meant to say alentejanos . 
  i just think you are being a bit naive . 
  egypt currently has a military coup that took over for example . 
  also , libya had outside intervention . 
  no chance other countries intervene in russian internal politics no matter how many people putin kills . 
  putin also makes it a big priority to keep people as dumb and brainwashed as possible . 
  it keeps him very rich and powerful that way . 
  amazing how these comments speak of watching small subs for ages and the accounts are always brand new . 
  what a weird coincidence that they all tend to defend russia no matter what it does . 
   i might be wrong ,  might winner, 
  would you consider people from alentejano to be worldly and well connected people ? 
  fermented liquid potatoes . 
  has there not been other nationalities in space ? 
  so long as enough countries going fine equals germany all is good . 
  it will be a crisis when it affects germany . 
  it is berlin determining the fiscal policy of the entire eu . 
  yes , but i am not blaming france . 
  france is n't even going through austerity . 
  look at the actions being done in countries like portugal and spain and watch the carnage in greece . 
  yet , everything is perfectly fine so long as germany has smooth sailing . 
  take over sealand . 
  no one will notice . 
  yeah , pretty much only way that could possibly ever happen is russia rescuing injured russians in whatever country they happen to be currently invading . 
  yes , but only -1 in the scumbag dictator demographic . 
  apparently you think that demographic is more important than france 's relations with everyone in the eu and their allies all over the world and with ukraine itself . 
  haha . 
  they sure are the loud ones though . 
  yeah , it is ridiculously obnoxious . 
  the city itself though is great . 
  i live in a city in the northeast . 
  i 'm not biased against cities . 
  it is n't a country versus city thing or anything . 
  just the damn loudmouths that act like they have to prove themselves every five minutes or something . 
  i liken it to the typical orange person invasion of north jersey during the summer . 
  obviously that does n't represent all of nyc , but it sure as hell does n't paint a pretty picture either . 
  i could n't agree more on long island . 
  dealing with visiting mets fans is unbearable . 
  at the time the thread barely had over 10 comments and there were three guys . 
  look , i bash france myself . 
  just does n't seem like the time to do it after a good action on their part . 
  complete bullshit that it takes france getting hurt to attract notice but it is ok to watch portugal die in slow motion for years . 
  france was supposed to know argentina was going to attack the uk ? 
  france actually helped the british in that war . 
  i do n't get all the france bashing . 
  why is this thread being used to bash french ? 
  i have no problems bashing anyone when they do something wrong , but now ? 
  i should be more clear . 
  the people that are outside of nyc for whatever reason and have to constantly bring up they are from there no matter what the situation is and to be the loudest person in the room like the world has to revolve around them . 
  just screams of insecurity . 
  i have no problem with the actual city . 
  i think it is a great city and live on east coast myself . 
  i do n't doubt you for a second , but that crowd is the loudest demographic that gets noticed . 
  the second i hear the words `` the city '' or `` i 'm from new york '' when it is completely irrelevant i get the urge to gag . 
  trust me , this is not an anti-nyc bias . 
  this shit is well deserved if you deal with the infinite amount of pricks that say they are from there . 
  usa has tons of big cities , but none of them come close to touching the arrogance of nyc . 
  why would india not do business with france ? 
  there is n't anything wrong with india . 
  you might want to edit . 
  millions of euros is chump change . 
  billions is not . 
  india does tons of business with usa for instance and they are the leading power criticizing russia . 
  only eastern europe is more critical of russia than usa . 
  i had no idea the ship would be unusable for other countries . 
  i would imagine it is cheaper to convert than take the whole loss no ? 
  i think selling this kind of stuff after georgia happened was a clear mistake . 
  russia has not and will not change . 
  it is a nice city that is plagued by the inhabitants . 
  such obnoxious arrogant pricks . 
  i love seeing their teams lose when they visit . 
  completely insufferable . 
  great job , france , if this is true . 
  i just hope someone is able to buy the ship to help shore up france 's shaky economy . 
  yes , the way to fix that is censorship . 
  sorry if facts have an anti-russia bias . 
  i am sorry . 
  i was bouncing around threads and had this confused with the other finland article . 
  i actually liked this article . 
  you are right . 
  thanks for that . 
  i did n't know they kept up with uk . 
  there was even a couple times where they spiked ahead of usa . 
  interesting how they resemble the same patterns of uk but germany seems to ignore it .
