  i agree that democrats could do the same . 
  i do n't really care about either party until the gop went crazy . 
  i am a moderate in the usa , so i 'm ok with presidents being moderate . 
  supply side has been proven to be fucked up since the 1980s and the gop keeps going at it . 
  it means cutting taxes as much as possible for the rich and that it will benefit everyone by increasing jobs . 
  that is bullshit though because jobs come from demand and rich people just pocket their extra profits . 
  when it comes to `` stimulus '' taxation nothing beats cuts to the poor because they spend everything they have . 
  the taxation policies under clinton were better for the treasury and debt and the economy did well during it as well . 
  why are you saying estonia is key ? 
  russia already has access to the baltics and nato can cut off the entire area because of norway and denmark . 
  capturing estonia for russia i do n't see why that is important . 
  just as easy to attack from latvia i would imagine . 
  i ask mostly out of curiosity . 
  i am not saying you are wrong . 
  how the fuck do you know so much about politics and usa in general and live in romania ? 
  it is depressing that you know so much versus a random person in usa . 
  you said police should n't be expected to be punching bags . 
  no one expects police officers to be punching bags . 
  if people attack police officers they are charged with a crime . 
  you said that if police are issued a shield , that automatically means police are expected to be punching bags ? 
  that is a ridiculous notion . 
  that makes as much sense as expecting police officers to use their guns early and often if they are issued a gun . 
  it is n't shocking that protesters do n't want to protest where it affects no one . 
  being cordoned off to allowed areas is a joke . 
  no , they are effective tools for crowd control that work much better than unarmed people . 
  they work a hell of a lot better than beating people . 
  people should also be allowed to protest . 
  police that are issued guns are expected to shoot people regularly ? 
  you do n't need a `` nation '' to have a national identity . 
  do kurds not have an identity ? 
  did greeks not exist just because greece did n't exist for the longest time ? 
  ukraine is a legitimate country just like any other country . 
  yes , with nigeria special forces were sent there publicly because the public supported it and wanted action . 
  who knows wherever else special forces are located at any given moment though . 
  my feelings on bush are the fact that there was awful leadership on the wars overseas and atrocious planning . 
  he also was n't truly elected in 2000 which was complete bullshit , but usa is n't going to have a civil war over it . 
  people just accept it and move on while waiting 4 years . 
  there was a massive tax cut that did nothing to fix the economy . 
  i 'm beyond fed up with usa 's social conservatives and supply-side taxes supporters . 
  obama had no choice on that joke nobel prize . 
  those peace awards are a joke . 
  it is n't just obama 's that was a joke . 
  obama ended both overseas wars which is what people wanted . 
  he also instituted `` obamacare '' which is an improvement over the complete failure of healthcare in usa . 
  gop 's platform the the past few decades is cut taxes and rile people up about gays or blacks or immigrants or whoever that is n't old white guys . 
  no one is invading romania with usa protecting them . 
  usa 's power depends on its word . 
  if even one country does n't get protected , every single alliance becomes essentially null and void and war could break out all over the world with countries thinking usa wo n't keep its word . 
  even tiny estonia is as important as protecting canada for usa . 
  americans would support a war on any country that attacks their allies . 
  it would be viewed as a direct challenge to american power . 
  [ russia invaded ukraine after the communist revolution and forced ukraine into joining . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian%e2%80%93soviet_war ) [ ukraine has had a long history of being forced under russian rule and russia has a long history of trying to erase ukraine culture including actual ethnic cleansing and massive genocide that absolutely devastated ukraine . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ) russia has had ample opportunities to treat ukraine like an important ally . 
  if russia treated ukraine how usa has treated canada for the past centuries ukraine would never want to look elsewhere . 
  i choose to believe that a russian invading ukraine and ends up killing ukrainians does n't capture civilians and kills them for propaganda and celebrates brutality as an example . 
  i do not approve of russian actions in ukraine at all , but i at least understand the motivations of their government . 
  i do n't blame the people for their government either . 
  i do n't hate russians . 
  isis on the other hand , they act like barbaric animals . 
  what they do is disgusting . 
  i have no clue what you are referencing with argentina , so sorry i 'm ignorant of that to even comment . 
  i 'm able of thinking of multiple things at once , you know . 
  usa sent forces into nigeria to help things . 
  i know you ca n't fix everything , but at least with the power of the us military they have the possibility of saving some people and making areas stable especially in areas that are allied to usa . 
  i never said i supported the shit that israel does . 
  you are insulting me by saying i only care about isis because i get distracted by shiny objects and saw a video one time and people told me to be mad . 
  by the way , i 'll take the society of solitary confinement which is hardly even used to the people that place heads on spikes and brag about brutality . 
  death should n't be celebrated . 
  that shit is fucking barbaric . 
  also india has issues on the border with pakistan and china and all three have nukes , but they maintain diplomatic channels and cooler heads prevail for the most part in regards to all three parties . 
  i 'm sorry that you worry about invasions . 
  i feel fortunate that i am in usa because i know no one will invade here . 
  usa guarantees the safety of nato though and that has provided more stability to europe than any other time period in their history . 
  if anyone invaded your country there would be americans dying in your country defending your cities and towns . 
  i 'm disgusted by bush from start to finish especially with iraq , but i do n't view defending allies as imperialistic . 
  i 'm glad usa has the ability to provide stability to areas all over the world especially in europe where most of my family lives in . 
  it is ridiculous that a union with open borders tells border states to fend for themselves . 
  easier to bash usa at every opportunity to excuse your own personal disgusting attitudes apparently . 
  i agree with you that mentioning one country with a small population as representing the entire union is at best dishonest . 
  i do n't understand the problem . 
  it is a very rich city . 
  even celebrities in usa like going there and living there . 
  you are not a smart person . 
  both of those people are in the top 1 % of the planet . 
  these countries you named are poor by any and every metric . 
  how am i uncultured for pointing out a blatant lie ? 
  also if you think there are n't people on here downvoting shit strictly because they see a certain flair you are in denial . 
  that comment of mine being one of countless examples . 
  edit : or this one for that matter . 
  absolutely pathetic how bitter and angry some of the posters are on here when i can get downvoted for stating simple facts within seconds of posting a comment . 
  happens constantly . 
  where are the police being punching bags there ? 
  no other royal family touches the popularity of the british royalty . 
  where you take me giving an opinion about uk 's latest carrier and frame it into uk has let me down . 
  are n't you an enlightened asshole . 
  thanks for telling people to shut up based on a flair . 
  speaks volumes about you . 
  haha , stupid fat americans do n't know anything outside of their country . 
  fuck you , americans , get the fuck out of here and run back to your country .
