  when they passed laws together to codify the language to overlap better . 
  changing spelling and what not . 
  they kind of unified the language though to make it uniform between portugal , brazil , etc. 
  it is n't like people in usa say they speak american . 
  you have to be trolling . 
  why do you say that ? 
  germany has forced mini jobs and plenty of homelessness for example . 
  usa also is n't afraid to spend money if it means helping the economy . 
  no matter what a bad economy ca n't support workers at the end of the day . 
  shit is n't perfect anywhere , but having vast amounts of unemployed is n't sustainable in any situation . 
  i would say the lives of the poor in usa are exaggerated . 
  i have seen with my own eyes all the government assistance that is available to keep them afloat . 
  there are simple things that you take for granted that happen far more inside of eu like people freezing to death that are rare in the usa for instance . 
  this idea that usa is a right wing nightmare is far from the truth . 
  average wages are higher than france , though . 
  unemployment is lower too . 
  who benefits by having no jobs at all ? 
  if you have a suggestion , i will gladly listen to you . 
  usa is n't as cut throat as you think . 
  usa has lots of social policies that protect the poor . 
  i mean , it still always sucks to be poor and i think that goes with any country . 
  i 'm just saying people are n't dying in the streets because of the economy in usa . 
  there are things that are given to citizens like unemployment , free healthcare , free/cheap housing , welfare money , food assistance , etc. 
  was hyperbole on sale at the market this week ? 
  income inequality is very similar to eu countries . 
  wages are higher than most of eu . 
  my comparison of the dollar was not in reference to just the euro . 
  it was going up against many currencies . 
  so that is independent of actions by eu central banks . 
  the point is n't to have a comparison of the stronger currency . 
  the point i was making is that just increasing money supply would lead to massive inflation unless there is a genuine demand and need for that extra money all over the world . 
  usa has to increase money supply constantly because the world economy continues to grow . 
  not doing so would be foolish and lead to deflation . 
  again . 
  inflation was only 1.5 % the growth is justified . 
  if it was just from throwing money at problems the dollar would lose value and inflation would skyrocket . 
  you ca n't just say world currency over and over and discount inflation numbers and gdp growth for usa . 
  at some point you do actually have to pay attention to long term results . 
  it is n't the biggest economy in the world because it prints money . 
  i also pointed out multiple examples that exist outside of usa . 
  all those anglo countries follow the same game plan . 
  not all deficit spending is bad either . 
  deficit spending can actually decrease the debt long term if it nets an increased rate of return on the money spent versus interest . 
  there are instances where cutting budgets can actually increase debt . 
  it is too simple to say all spending is bad . 
  yes , i was n't sure , so i just prefer to play it safe and apologize and play it safe . 
  i 'm not here to offend people . 
  anyway , i think the deflation of japan was due to their culture of saving which i think bears resemblance to germany as well . 
  it is wonderful for the individual but can have negative effects on a macro scale . 
  thanks for link . 
  i have a few responses all over thread and have kind of lost track . 
  i think there are some contradictions with your prior comment . 
  you are claiming it has to do with usa being a reserve currency country . 
  but that does n't mean automatic gdp growth . 
  money supply is increased because it has to be . 
  the demand calls for it . 
  if it was n't it would lead to deflation . 
  i again point out that inflation has been kept relatively very low . 
  gdp and stock market has done well . 
  you ca n't just print money and increase the gdp and stock market . 
  there are metrics that are observed and they are positive . 
  usa has much lower unemployment figures compared to eurozone and productivity continues to increase . 
  also , the dollar has increased in value . 
  this trope of printing your way out of a recession is false as shown by both the value of the dollar and the results of inflation . 
  also , the anglo countries tend to follow the same mentality in regards to fiscal policy and they all have similar results . 
  only one of these countries has the de facto world currency . 
  here is a random site tracking those figures that compares countries against each other in regards to both growth and inflation . 
  eurozone and individual euro countries are included . 
  if i might have offended you , that was 100 % not my intent . 
  i am happy to answer since you asked . 
  i 've spent years working for german companies actually and think it is a great country . 
  i do n't need to 100 % agree with something to still have a positive image of it . 
  if i had money laying around i 'd love to visit . 
  i am not trying to piss you off if that is what you are thinking . 
  i apologize if that is the result . 
  no i am not suggesting giving them money to buy german goods . 
  i am saying that transfer money allows for investment is poorer countries and that benefits everyone long term . 
  you ca n't invest when all you are concerned about is cutting . 
  right now germany is getting the benefits of cheap labor coming in from other countries and having a cheap currency compared to the dm if it still existed . 
  transfers allows usa to succeed country wide . 
  it is much easier to pull off politically because the political divide across the entire nation is n't as bad as the divide that exists across nation states . 
  deflation is also horrible for a country . 
  avoiding all inflation to where it becomes cult like leads to stagnation and curbs growth . 
  usa has managed to grow much more than germany has and it kept inflation last year at around 1.5 % i believe . 
  the world is n't ending because of inflation going over 0 % . 
  deflation is bad and so is high inflation . 
  deflation combined with a refusal to use debt spending can lead to destructive deflationary spirals that murder an economy and make recovery all but impossible . 
  i now understand your premise in regards to innovation . 
  i do n't personally buy it though . 
  germany should always be motivated to innovate . 
  i disagree with you in regards to your criticisms of german tech . 
  germany is a leader in the automotive industry . 
  i could go on and on about their innovations in that department made specifically by german companies . 
  here is an example http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lost_decade_ ( japan ), 
  i do n't know if i have made it personal , but i absolutely find the economy of eu interesting . 
  i definitely am opinionated and speak up on the topic . 
  most of my family lives in eurozone and i am upset at the performance of the economy . 
  i want it to succeed . 
  it is n't some personal vendetta against germany if that is possibly what you are thinking . 
  i was n't aware .
