  i lived with this one french chick years ago and she was super super left wing . 
  i mean she was a really nice girl too , just really flaky with money . 
  i ended up dealing with it because the lease had her name on it too , but got her to leave as soon as it needed renewed . 
  i was still getting phone calls from bill collectors long after she left . 
  at least she was hot i suppose . 
  she ended up moving back with her parents and mooching off of them . 
  laziness jibes well with wanting everything free . 
  enforce rules ? 
  do you think murder is legal ? 
  the government creates lots of the crime because of black markets like drugs . 
  i grew up poor and got the fuck out as fast as i could . 
  i ca n't change anything and my life is extremely comfortable here . 
  not going to lie , though , i do n't consider it a big deal . 
  almost all the violence is in poor areas of cities and is incredibly easy to avoid amd everywhere else is typically extremely safe . 
  most gun violence is from drug trade , suicide , or some crazy relationship you have . 
  people do n't have to fear for their lives to leave their house . 
  it is n't a crazy lawless western movie day to day here . 
  what is drug situation ? 
  talk about a caricature . 
  pa has very easy gun laws . 
  it is easy to get any gun you want there if you are n't a criminal . 
  they have been . 
  look how hard it is to survive if you criticize it long enough . 
  where ? 
  new jersey ? 
  new york ? 
  california ? 
  ah , college . 
  so much back tracking . 
  but how can i circlejerk about that ? 
  people are insane if they want to be safe and racist for pointing out where and who commits the crimes they do n't want happening to them . 
  thank you for that info . 
  i mean , it just did n't make sense in my head , but i do n't know any better either way . 
  how the fuck is fuel expensive in a country that sells it to the rest of europe and asia ? 
  which fucks over the people working at these companies . 
  only the ownership benefits . 
  it is a painting . 
  he actually just has crumbling concrete walls . 
  in that case i hope spain is n't resting on its laurels . 
  it was a joke . 
  what exactly makes me high ? 
  i just am relaying things i have read with my own eyes while on here . 
  well you get to benefit from it and have a better life from it . 
  no , i mean people that talk smugly down to others based on a stupid flair in this sub and act like they were a survivor of normandy and are filled to the brim with wisdom and experience . 
  sorry to say , but wwii is n't some well kept secret . 
  when you play civilization , someone has to lose . 
  so do you think it is ridiculous when europeans talk about being weary of war as if they personally fought in wwii and have a much better understanding of war than others from other parts of the world ? 
  ok , well that kind of threw off the entire conversation on my end , so sorry about that . 
  yes , i agree that greece is not fully in charge of greece under the current situation and that goes for every eu country . 
  it is n't quite full federal like the usa example you gave earlier though . 
  i might be a bit confused at this point . 
  are we not talking about greece during the time of their dictatorship ? 
  so all protesting equals murder ? 
  quite the leap . 
  is it easier to just blame someone from the other side of the planet for your problems versus taking responsibility and trying to take charge of the outcome ? 
  i ca n't think of anyone that is more responsible for a country 's government than the people under it . 
  at the end of the day , the people that shrug their shoulders and just go with it are partially complicit in the results . 
  people can rebel . 
  dictators get thrown out all the time . 
  are greeks not responsible for their own government ? 
  yes but those countries do n't count in the eu . 
  the ones that do have safe buffers and are filled with leftists that will see russia as a friend because anything anti usa is right by default . 
  both countries have nothing compared to all of eu , yet the eu is easy to turn on itself . 
  i do n't know , there are plenty of european companies that enjoy making money by breaking rules and fucking the environment of north america , so there is that . 
  i do n't know if the continent that took over and enslaved the world can really have people acting like angels trashing people based on a stupid flair . 
  you act as if that was done willingly and that those countries were n't occupied . 
  there was nothing voluntary about it . 
  a military seizure because it was literally done by the russian military while lying about it and russia continues to invade other parts of ukraine today . 
  russia is isolated for a reason . 
  most of the world stands against their actions and refuse to support the imperialism inside of eastern europe . 
  russia has nothing to offer their european `` friends '' other than reminders of force of they are n't good puppets . 
  if russia has issues with borders then do n't agree to treaties stating otherwise . 
  russia is very good at annexing oppressed people . 
  russia ca n't take care of people in their own borders and yet the largest country in the world can only think of invading and grabbing more land like they are playing euiv . 
  because it was a military seizure ? 
  crimea does n't affect my life in the least , but there is zero justification for breaking a treaty with your `` slavic brother '' and invading them for land on multiple occasions . 
  this is a naked land grab which russia is known for doing . 
  the `` butthurt belt '' would be taken over a long time ago if not for nato . 
  i care more about what tastes good . 
  i ca n't stop giggling after reading this and imagining it being earnest . 
  a worldwide downturn in the economy that is outside of the control of russia . 
  my point is that sanctions are a straw . 
  one of many straws and very far from being the biggest straw . 
  countries benefit from being allied with the usa . 
  sounds like clueless leftist blathering . 
  there is no prosperity by associating with hardline anti liberal dictatorships . 
  usa more closely shares the values of countries inside of the eu and has done plenty to help and support the eu for decades . 
  russia views the eu as an enemy and you are too foolish to see it . 
  russia never occupied you because they were n't able to , not because of benevolence . 
  russia could easily weather those sanctions if not for oil . 
  because russia is the most obsessed with wwii and living in the past ? 
  pretty insular , lol . 
  do n't confuse ability with intent . 
  we saw how insular ussr was . 
  nothing has changed regarding imperialistic intent in europe other than power and budgets . 
  ok , since we are going that route , these are the people that created gulags and loved using them . 
  the sanctions are half assed and weak . 
  it is because of oil and depression . 
  eu has zero to do with that . 
  keep defending the horrible actions of russia while talking about usa when it does n't even come close .
