  owe who exactly , any random person darker than them ? 
  i love burr . 
  five eyes is better than that train wreck proposal . 
  it is a subset of liberals that are hard leftists and obsessed with identity politics . 
  i would not characterize it as a large percentage of the population . 
  i do n't really know how to give hard info on a population labeled by their personal beliefs . 
  i am just giving my personal observations . 
  they definitely exist and i have seen these thoughts expressed in writing , over video , and in person . 
  i do n't believe it is a massive group of people . 
  i consider it a fringe belief and think most people in general are moderate . 
  the thing is though that the fringe tend to scream the loudest whether from the right or left . 
  white people that preach about how awful they are except them of course because they are one of the good ones . 
  because they literally flat out say that they owe things to other people . 
  of course they are usually volunteering others to owe things and do n't really actually do anything productive themselves besides spitting out self hate . 
  bono can eat a bag of dicks . 
  i do n't really have anything against irish though . 
  hey , to be fair , i have no issue with ireland being neutral . 
  i only take issue with the insufferable irish that are smug about it as though it makes their feet float on water and them angelic . 
  that clearly is n't everyone . 
  do n't even get me started on sweden . 
  i have an american flair but my parents came from there a couple years before i was born . 
  i ca n't believe that someone wrote that . 
  even more ridiculous is that many brazilians are just mixed portuguese . 
  what kind of stupid logic is this to apologize to other people that are basically very close to you based only on what coast you were born . 
  their parents failed for sure with that one . 
  i do n't deny that irish individuals helped the british and even died side by side to them . 
  i am just saying i admit i get a little tired of the smug neutrals that want the best of everything . 
  they revise history and want credit like they were allies and get offended for the truth that they did n't want to fight the nazis because they were mad at the british while scolding people for being violent now . 
  it is also easy to play non violent neutral country when you are on an island in the middle of nowhere shared by a friendly major power that is part of the largest military alliance that ever existed . 
  no one said to deny history . 
  i only said to act like you personally owe others something based on identity is utterly bullshit . 
  portugal literally owned huge colonies in southern africa during many people 's lifetimes that are alive today . 
  i know portugal does n't and no portuguese person should feel guilty . 
  as if being born today makes you responsible for the every slave shipped to brazil somehow . 
  it is a completely ludicrous notion . 
  somehow this mental disease has spread among other nations including this one . 
  i have yet to meet a portuguese immigrant who thinks they owe things to others . 
  are you going to deny that ireland stayed neutral to fuck over the uk ? 
  and you think portugal and spain have white guilt for their empires ? 
  that was not arbitrary . 
  it was a tax . 
  people get their estate taxed in this country . 
  eu is n't a country . 
  the eu is barely functioning between all the fighting and voting for exceptions and countries wanting to leave . 
  jesus , talk about dense . 
  hilarious to think a military is the only reason that the most important economy in the world is a superpower . 
  is criticism of stalin also russophobia as they like to call it ? 
  how old are you ? 
  requires registering, 
  i honestly do n't remember the details on why it was done . 
  i think it was to maintain british control over there . 
  either way , no one has more resources than saudi arabia and gulf states . 
  the point was that everyone meeting 2 % minimum would be a big increase on its own and 3 % was excessive in my opinion for a minimum . 
  why you are completely missing the point of these comments is beyond me . 
  things not said by any other soviet bloc country . 
  this only applies to the countries shirking on their agreed to guidelines . 
  no one is preventing anyone from spending more . 
  that was literally stated in my comment . 
  what is the solution when you need stable governments over there to get their resources ? 
  yeah , easy to tut tut the usa when you end up benefiting by having cold war won to your benefit . 
  people on the other side of the curtain were n't complaining about it falling . 
  true . 
  just disband the military and then create it after it is needed as needed . 
  it was one one of the most powerful nations on earth . 
  large empire , napolean , etc. 
  we have this , and this , and that and we are good yet we ca n't even manage to do shit in libya without asking that the usa take over . 
  talk when countries can manage to not run out of ammo as well . 
  yes but some just prefer to freeload while enjoying the profits of the stability and an artificially lowered mark . 
  everyone putting in 2 % would be a drastic increase in total budget . 
  no one is preventing anyone to spend 3 % on their own . 
  what happened to rule of law and due process instead of devolving to savages ? 
  when americans talk about pride , it is n't for things like the irs . 
  yes , which is why you have ventured out to the absurd with your comments that progressive taxation is theft . 
  the rich are the most powerful in every society yet you think they are being robbed . 
  delusional . 
  it is for ancaps . 
  taxes are theft . 
  ok , we are done here . 
  now i know for sure i am dealing with an anarchist . 
  tax laws do not rob groups . 
  taxes are universal . 
  if you want to keep spitting out nonsense , i am sure there are ancap subs that will entertain you . 
  everyone in / r/europe is suddenly a jew in the weimar republic . 
  i even saw people scared shitless about government knowing about porn . 
  oh my god , what will the queen think ? 
  that is n't how laws work where an entire town votes to rob an individual . 
  these are the most asinine hypothetical situations i have seen outside of fringe leftist and right wing subs . 
  you could always trade all that excess smug for goods . 
  then you kill him and complete the transaction . 
  why are we discussing mad max scenarios like a bunch of preppers ? 
  how much ammunition and canned food is in your bunker ? 
  i have my butt plugs shipped to work for ease of pickup . 
  the whim of others ? 
  it is called democracy . 
  the government is doing things for the country with that money that people wo n't pay for privately . 
  it is the choice of the people . 
  if it is n't your country , why do you care ? 
  just how patronizing can you be ? 
  no country functions on 100 % agreement . 
  there is nothing inherently wrong with people paying high taxes in a state centered economy .
