  what the hell is going on over there ? 
  but it if for nothing unless they win . 
  i just wish nato would take a stand that this is n't going to happen . 
  how else do you hit then back ? 
  you ca n't be this stupid on purpose . 
  the fighting happens on the front . 
  if there are attacks on germany proper then that is also a front . 
  big difference from handing out food . 
  the point was that russia clearly overmatches ukraine . 
  wait was there some kind of distraction during that ? 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  did n't force them ? 
  russian military operates inside those cities and how do you trade with the country invading you ? 
  go back to rt. 
  this is n't / r/worldnews . 
  the richest countries on earth and people freezing by the thousands . 
  and why did any of that happen ? 
  because of russia trying to destroy ukraine `` covertly '' . 
  invading gibraltar while no one is looking ? 
  the point is you do n't leave the country and actually show up to fight . 
  i could have mentioned national guard for usa but those people are actually still called into active duty and sent overseas . 
  the ones on the front are the ones doing the actual `` defending '' . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  north korea is all about opinion polls and a happy populace . 
  literally the only difference between north korea and the countries in eu is term limits . 
  how is it any different ? 
  forced how ? 
  how the hell can a capitalist country have government grabbing people and forcing them to rally for the government ? 
  that is just so foreign to me . 
  i do n't even understand the point . 
  obviously other citizens are n't stupid and know it is all bullshit anyway if that is the case . 
  i get that russia strong statement , but it just seems really over the top when it is russia . 
  like , america for instance has tons of people that think america is best county in the world even if they never even left their own state and lots of nationalism/patriotism/whatever , but there are also tons of americans that openly criticize it even when there are times america is n't even doing anything wrong or involved in something . 
  the russia defending , it just seems like a never ending supply of people that will go to any length to justify literally anything done by putin and the government . 
  it makes it very hard to have empathy for russian citizens because i get the impression that they are celebrating the things russia is doing . 
  the russians that i meet in usa though are cool people , but i know emigrants are n't the typical people for any country . 
  most people do n't leave their home country and move to the other side of the world . 
  so all the `` support '' of putin you think is fake ? 
  are you being sarcastic when you say there was too much freedom in the 1990s ? 
  hard to tell over text . 
  i know yeltsin was a disaster , no one disputes that . 
  does that make it where basically putin can do anything because at least he is n't yeltsin ? 
  this is just my own thinking on the matter . 
  feel free to tell me i am completely wrong . 
  i just seem to run into so many people online that are willing to make excuses for literally any and every action russia takes . 
  you are saying the government actually pays people to do shit like that ? 
  that picture is insanely depressing no matter if it is true believers or paid shills . 
  i honestly have trouble understanding russia . 
  all i ever hear and read is how much the people love the rule of putin in russia . 
  this comes even from `` western '' media which has an obvious bias against russia and would love to portray putin in a bad light . 
  yes , just like all the courageous people in the us coast guard that protected florida beaches against the nazis . 
  we were clearly discussing the differences . 
  what treaties was ukraine violating and when did ukraine attack russia ? 
  i thought iraq was just a bad idea but afghanistan was a clear cut defensive war where usa acted in retaliation . 
  iraq would also have saddam still in power or at least not removed by usa anyway if he had n't invaded kuwait and if he was n't violating his peace treaty that kept him alive the first go around . 
  none of this is remotely comparable to the biggest country in the world thinking the ussr was a cool idea and time to bring it back while denying the entire time that it is doing anything . 
  ah yes , i was n't trying to say anything bad about germany itself . 
  i have nothing bad to say about how the country is run , just how the eu is run with them leading the way . 
  you seem to know a decent amount about usa though . 
  senate is actual completely equal though . 
  why are you against juries ? 
  that seems like a strange thing to have an opinion on . 
  aggressive foreign policy just comes with the territory of being a super power . 
  if the country withdrew to only care about inside of their own borders i actually think it would cause more violence in the world . 
  that does n't defend all of the actions of the government though , not in the least . 
  you do n't think that is just inherent from the size of the economy ? 
  do n't take that as a defense of it . 
  i hate it myself . 
  is n't it at least better than the germans ? 
  i know how much you love the eu . 
  oh , so your frame of reference was half a century ago ? 
  when did american military invade ? 
  do you know what the words `` same shit '' mean ? 
  italy are real warmongers too . 
  punic wars , same shit . 
  i only wish us forces could have gps malfunctions . 
  as if russians ' opinions matter in the first place . 
  i will not trying to trash anything about the ancient greeks . 
  i am just saying it is beyond arrogant to lay claim to all accomplishments that happen all over the world as if greece is somehow responsible for all of it . 
  the country that had the most profound impact on usa was not greece , it was uk . 
  greece is so far back in the chain it is completely irrelevant . 
  might as well claim to india too while you are at it since they are democratic . 
  usa is n't even a democracy in first place anyway . 
  they are a republic . 
  it just seems absurd to co-op responsibility for all the actions that happen in the world . 
  greece was n't even their own country when usa was founded !, 
  and no , greece is not the reason that countries all over the world exist . 
  just because there are similarities in government style does mean they are responsible for the creation of countries and for the results of the actions of those countries . 
  well , i do n't disagree with anything you said . 
  i just think `` gas '' is inaccurate . 
  europe does n't need ukraine for gas and russia had zero issues selling gas without annexing ukraine . 
  russia just wants to annex ukraine before another country joins eu and improves their situation . 
  you see how they react to countries like the baltics or georgia . 
  i do n't care about the complaining . 
  whoever is on top gets the most flak . 
  i just expect at least uk to be sympathetic since they are usa 's closest european ally and really only canada is closer for obvious reasons . 
  watching the eu in action i am surprised if even the eu realizes they are all on the same team sometimes . 
  i do wish the us would do more to help ukraine . 
  it is disappointing to see ukraine get fucked like this . 
  they do n't deserve it in the least .
