  my house was broken into multiple times . 
  my parents had their cars vandalized several times . 
  my car alone was stolen or vandalized every six months on average . 
  i am also not inventing people who are buying radios and wheels worth more than their cars and are behind on bills . 
  the government does n't force people to act like that . 
  are you seriously saying americans are n't obsessed with consumerism ? 
  the economy revolves around buying useless cheap shit from china that we do n't need . 
  that goes from rich down to poor . 
  i try to trash usa with negatives i see and you instead defend the usa . 
  i am not a blind usa cheerleader . 
  if any russian thought usa was going to invade russia they are crazy . 
  what is usa going to do ? 
  go invade the biggest country in the world and occupy them halfway around the world ? 
  take over a population that is dirt poor and fucking hates everything about us ? 
  a country with thousands of nukes . 
  the russian nukes were scary . 
  they just kept hearing bigger and bigger . 
  much bigger than usa . 
  what is there to gain ? 
  usa just did n't want their bullshit communism spreading around the world . 
  the more capitalist countries that exist the more money americans can make due to open markets and selective immigration by stealing the best people from countries with promises of wealth and education . 
  by the way , i think the government should have raised minimum wage and national health care . 
  i am no slave master . 
  usa did n't destroy russia . 
  the country collapsed from internal corruption . 
  there is no reason for a country to `` fail '' when they are so large and have so many resources . 
  if they treated citizens better you would n't have smart people emigrating to the west . 
  they also have huge markets to sell to in the eu but they ca n't compete . 
  they can only blame themselves . 
  they want to be treated like a world power but they are backwards compared to most of europe . 
  usa also is n't responsible for lack of freedom inside of russia . 
  you ca n't travel anywhere in eu without issue , meanwhile you ca n't even drive around inside of russia with freedom of movement . 
  it is closer to china than eu . 
  always a bad comparison . 
  poverty also is n't a huge problem inside of the usa . 
  it is n't hard to find work in the usa and you can be paid well if you are a hard worker with half a brain . 
  i grew up poor and am not giving you info from some study . 
  this is something i have seen with my own eyes . 
  there are lots of poor that do n't take school seriously and turn to crime to live `` big '' . 
  the culture of frivolous spending is epidemic across all social classes . 
  it hurts the people with the least the most . 
  when i said usa allies i did n't mean it like the world revolves around the usa . 
  i just acknowledge that usually every ally is called a puppet regime of usa . 
  no country is viewed as usa partner . 
  you also have a very hard time convincing me that people do n't live well in the usa . 
  the income is very high and my family moved here specifically because they could make more . 
  and no the country was n't going to be a dictatorship under gop rule . 
  you are being ridiculous . 
  the gop loses popular vote on a regular basis . 
  i think comparisons to germoney are ridiculous . 
  the country was bombed into the stone age and then usa helped them rebuild . 
  russia instead views ussr as the good old days . 
  usa has always been light years ahead of russia with their standard of living and if they think they are going to catch up by copying their failed state from the past they are delusional . 
  the poor in the usa still live well and better than the poor in eastern europe . 
  it is n't comparable . 
  life is n't perfect in the usa but it beats most of the world and you have plenty of freedom to do as you please . 
  that must be infuriating for a german . 
  thankfully , america 's enemies get bombed into the stone age so they are n't able to come visit afterwards and push buttons . 
  if you want to criticize the usa , i 'm perfectly fine with that . 
  i just do n't think the usa deserves criticism in this particular area . 
  for instance , i think iran 's history with usa is totally fucked up start to finish and i think many people in the middle east deserve to be angry with the usa . 
  i have zero qualms admitting that . 
  i do n't think usa is perfect . 
  also when i said people join the usa because they want to , i did n't mean citizens . 
  it was a reference to allies around the world . 
  mentioning poverty inside of detroit is pretty pointless . 
  the `` poverty '' that is suffered inside of the usa on the extreme end is still what is considered the average life of a russian in comparison . 
  russia also has had zero reasons to eventually become a real first world economy . 
  seriously , it is 2014 and they have been a huge european power for hundreds of years . 
  we are n't talking about fucking ethiopia . 
  also , putin does n't consider his country as a developing country . 
  no , quite the contrary . 
  russia is a great power with a sphere of influence that absolutely must control countries across multiple continents and spending huge and ever increasing amounts of money on military and give out all the country 's wealth to oligarchs while most of the citizens live in poverty . 
  nothing is changing , it is only getting worse as the country loses more and more freedoms with putin concentrating more and more power and turning russia more into a ussr round 2 . 
  i understand the people do n't want to live under the mongol horde . 
  i am just pointing out the absurdity of thinking their neighbors must live under their rule so that their egos can be stroked and feel better about themselves and it is only right because history . 
  it is total bullshit . 
  again , do n't confuse legitimate criticism of russia that could be said by anyone not just someone from usa as a translation that usa is perfect . 
  also , sometimes opinions are factually accurate and sometimes people are objectively wrong . 
  just because they do n't like hearing it , does n't make them any less wrong . 
  when your opinions are being shaped by worse domestic versions of rt , your opinions are naturally going to be garbage anyway . 
  all of those thoughts are pure insanity . 
  that is why you do n't have freedom with state media and dead reporters . 
  if they want historical accuracy , submit to the rus in kiev and give all of siberia to mongolia . 
  everyone joins the usa by choice . 
  they also welcome military bases . 
  they also remain independent . 
  iraq sent usa home . 
  usa agreed and removed their forces . 
  now there is civil war with no us forces protecting them . 
  they also are close to iran . 
  again , fully independent . 
  russia are imperial bullies that oppress their neighbors . 
  they have done it for hundreds of years . 
  of course the baltics ran to eu first chance they had . 
  poland has been getting fucked by russia for centuries . 
  no one needs to e convinced to leave the bullshit pseudo soviet sphere of influence russians think they have a divine right to control . 
  they should concern themselves with the fact that their country does n't have an economy other than being a colder version of saudi arabia . 
  russia invaded crimea . 
  there is proof right there .
