  i am glad you thought this through . 
  there is always going to be war and genocide . 
  you should know that . 
  but thanks for wishing i was dead in your sick fantasies . 
  basque is a completely unrelated language to spanish . 
  because you have said that russia is under attack . 
  delusional thinking . 
  hoping for nuclear war also does n't make you seem like a bitter and angry person at all . 
  yes moral outrage from someone that idolizes russia and is bitter over his country being stopped from genocide and openly hopes for people to be nuked . 
  i hope you enjoy serbia joining the eu . 
  no , i know what i meant . 
  what , you think a peninsula does n't exist ? 
  i did n't label balkans a country . 
  that is literally 100 % wrong, 
  promises do n't exist outside of writing . 
  great job self declared winner !, 
  shocker . 
  did n't see that one coming . 
  maybe one day reality will click in your head . 
  in the meantime keep crying that the world does n't love russia as much as you do . 
  that is the problem . 
  your idol russia that you think gives a shit about serbia and the fake republic you come from is n't a superpower . 
  they are irrelevant and they sure are n't a super power . 
  california has an economy the size of russia . 
  so does italy . 
  is italy a super power ? 
  are individual usa states a super power ? 
  so much pathetic denial . 
  the usa is a super power . 
  russia might as well think the country can collectively walk on water since that is as realistic as the denial they are in with the wannabe super power chest beating . 
  the only country to break the respect of borders of ukraine is russia . 
  you need to learn to read . 
  you do n't function on the same planet as the rest of us . 
  keep eating up that propaganda . 
  you do n't function in reality . 
  usa does absolutely nothing to stop eu trade with china . 
  i sure as shit hope not . 
  no , you just push them into mass graves instead . 
  allies came to the aid of usa in afghanistan . 
  what ? 
  ukraine was threatened by eu ? 
  usa villages budapest memo ? 
  you do n't function in reality . 
  yes because russia gives a shit about justifications . 
  at what point are you people going to realize nato growing is because of russia 's actions ? 
  soviets had triple the army of the rest of allies even after losing tens of millions ? 
  could have at least not rewarded russia for their invasion of poland . 
  it is n't like uk got a chunk of germany for their work in the war . 
  the fact that usa was giving stalin nice pr with the uncle joe shit disgusts me . 
  yes . 
  but usa specifically did n't want to be involved in libya . 
  the french actually were the biggest proponents in fighting in libya . 
  also eu has a big interest on being worried about civil wars going on in north africa considering they have to deal with the refugees . 
  eu also does n't want dictators going fucking crazy killing their people left and right . 
  why is that hard to understand ? 
  eu asked usa for help and usa was dragged into libya to do air strikes . 
  usa is n't this puppetmaster . 
  eu is full of independent countries . 
  you realize many us allies criticized it during iraq and refused to help , right ? 
  allies are n't slaves . 
  ukraine also was n't unstable until it was invaded for trying to trade with eu . 
  countries are n't forced into nato , they ask to join nato . 
  i mean , do you think poland was invaded and forced into nato ? 
  russian foreign policy towards countries scares countries away . 
  russia does n't have to be an adversary . 
  if they remained peaceful they could do tons of trade with eu and russians could be making a lot more money and have better quality of life . 
  it has happened for many people already in eastern europe . 
  china ca n't destroy usa 's economy . 
  china would commit suicide by doing it . 
  china depends on selling things to usa for their own economy to function . 
  china would also have massive instability . 
  they are using high growth to keep people happy enough to hold the country together . 
  i ca n't wait to see the violent shit that is about to go down in hong kong very soon . 
  china is a ticking time bomb . 
  spain knows all about armies fighting citizens . 
  maybe galicia will feel left out . 
  why do you view anything in poland as a threat to russia ? 
  what makes you think usa is going to nuke russia . 
  i do n't live in fear that russia is going to nuke usa . 
  i know if russia did nuke usa i would be dead because i live in a target area . 
  poland is n't in the trajectory of russia to usa . 
  russia also has nukes all over their country . 
  you come across as paranoid and delusional when you equate eu leading air strikes in libya to usa invading china . 
  i mean , you do understand how crazy that looks do n't you ? 
  how is russian involvement different ? 
  this is n't about cuban missile crisis . 
  i also do n't blame russia for cuban missile crisis . 
  i think that was america 's fault . 
  the stuff in poland is for iran . 
  missiles in poland ca n't defend usa from russia . 
  is that a joke about afghanistan ? 
  do you see what happened in iraq when an idiotic government was left by itself ? 
  afghanistan is more stable than iraq and has a small contingent of usa troops there . 
  it is n't a coincidence . 
  what does any of this have to do with russia ? 
  usa does n't tell russia where they are allowed to keep bases . 
  i still do n't see how a reference to libya or iraq or whatever has anything to do with nato growing . 
  get it in writing . 
  do you buy cars and houses on a handshake ? 
  you know what is in writing ?
