  also , how does your worldview factor in that people get to pay lower taxes along with having subsidized and/or free healthcare . 
  the poor are given money on top of their earnings as well and cheap/free housing and debit cards for food . 
  i guess it is only here on / r/yurop that social spending exists and it is a wasteland of violence and poverty as soon as you leave the nirvana of eu . 
  this whole thread is an absurd circlejerk . 
  my employer pays the vast majority of my insurance and i make more just by myself than the median households of even rich european nations . 
  my parents make way more money here than they would have in europe even lacking any higher education . 
  it is why they moved in the first place . 
  and no , not some communist eastern european country , western europe . 
  how is that even proven ? 
  i know many catholics and it is n't like they all know just how religious they are . 
  and there are other metrics like median income . 
  it was not like the article was a graph of gdp and that was it . 
  there were words somewhere i am pretty sure , but asking reddit users to look at links is a bit much . 
  what makes you think that does n't affect the region . 
  plus the article specifically states cases of energy companies with an example of north dakota mentioned . 
  so , they did n't read the article . 
  ha , yes , especially since almost all of them ca n't even understand or speak the language . 
  what kind of non sequitur is that ? 
  those countries were compared asking with many others . 
  i am not the one begging for cherry picking . 
  there is no logic behind any part of your comment chain . 
  if you read the whole article , they still do make mention of places like norway . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  just get to the point and make a comment of yurop !, 
  to save time . 
  i do n't think you did . 
  when you said you do n't think you can come common ground i did n't want to give the wrong impression . 
  there are tons of italians living here going back generations and they keep coming . 
  i always wonder how people keep track though after they are first generation especially if they become mutts . 
  that tends to become inevitable unless you never associate with people outside of your ghetto/community . 
  i do n't think badly of europe , fyi . 
  i would love to visit it more often but do n't have money to go around versus other priorities and most of my family lives there . 
  my parents came back when immigration was easier in the 1970s . 
  a visa is a lot harder now , but i am obviously pro immigration and not like people who want to slam the door after they get through it . 
  my defending the usa 100 % does not mean i do not like europe . 
  i spend more time reading about news there than i do my own country . 
  how is anything you are saying somehow unique to the usa ? 
  in general yes people do n't increase their spending to fix things and instead cut back on other expenses if possible . 
  americans do n't tend to save either . 
  why any of this reasoning is exclusive to the usa is beyond me as well . 
  people immigrate to the usa and canada for a reason . 
  i do n't want to single out just the usa , but there is a genuine chance to come to north america and work hard and male money . 
  people from the world over including from europe are constantly trying to migrate there . 
  the spending on medicine in the usa ends up subsidizing the research that happens around the world . 
  if it was capped like in other countries and drug companies had far less money , do you honestly think research would be equal ? 
  the money has to come from somewhere . 
  i am going to be right up front amd admit my parents left europe to make more money here so my bias should be clear . 
  wrong . 
  you purposely twisted my statement . 
  fixing a window does not raise gdp because that person would have spent money on something else instead . 
  i am pretty aware of how gdp works . 
  many people move to the usa for a chance of upward mobility and that is handcuffed in lots of europe . 
  i have plenty to criticize with the usa but the usa absolutely does look after the poor . 
  how ? 
  that is a culture problem more than a fault of the country itself . 
  american culture places high value on making and spending money . 
  no one is trying to tell you you must hate poland unless it is the richest country in the world . 
  europe in general is still richer than most of the planet and life varies from country to country inside of it . 
  live where you are happiest . 
  they compared ppp, 
  so you just get annoyed that they are n't cherry picking in your favor ? 
  by the way , if you read the whole thing , they do make mention of places like norway . 
  the point is the eu was concentrated on . 
  countries do n't become part of eu to suit you . 
  also referencing luxembourg at all is a joke . 
  the whole country being counted is like comparing the eu to a few blocks in manhattan . 
  and a moldovan is just as european as a swiss . 
  great job dismissing the poor to alter your perceived reality . 
  how about the economic shock of never being able to keep any of your money through incredibly high taxes ? 
  why do you assume no one is able to budget their household ? 
  what makes you think there are n't programs for poor in the usa ? 
  the amount of ridiculous stereotypes versus actual reality is absurd . 
  what the hell is the point of public education if apparently everyone must go to a private university ? 
  no one is required to live in manhattan or san francisco either . 
  bashing a window does n't raise gdp . 
  that is money that just would n't be spent on something else . 
  your logic is atrocious on this . 
  money is not being created through crime . 
  the country as a whole does n't get net richer through destroying things . 
  i guess you are leaving out the part that an american keeps way more of their money with lower taxes on top of making way more money ? 
  there is lots of cheap education available for college . 
  everyone in the usa does n't spend a year of harvard every year they are alive . 
  the usa has subsidized healthcare currently for a massive amount of their population . 
  i would prefer a universal system to simplify things but no people are not spending tens of thousands to go see a doctor . 
  one system has a lot more money and that is n't fairy dust . 
  are you also annoyed at non eu places like moldova not being mentioned ? 
  true , i was murdered 3 times last week . 
  never mind that the vast majority of the usa has little to no crime and the article is based on literally a circlejerk sub on reddit . 
  it is bizarre how people think taxes are free . 
  so your reasoning is that you did n't actually read anything that was said . 
  you do n't get rich from population . 
  post wwii europe has been the most peaceful period in recent history . 
  when the only real obligation is do n't invade iran , yes . 
  i dis n't know people needed excuses now to not invade their neighbor on top of already having a treaty . 
  iran is also not a democracy and ukraine is . 
  yes but they actively took those islands on their own along with half the world . 
  the usa got pretty much all of those from european countries . 
  they did n't just show up to independent areas and say you are mine now . 
  they saved that behavior for when they fought mexico over a century ago . 
  a bunch of barely populated islands do n't count .
