  i am pretty sure obama appoints a colonial governor to sit in westminster that reports directly to him . 
  what did you think would happen if usa did n't plant a massive military in europe ? 
  you think the soviets were peaceful and wanted to play nice ? 
  russia could have rolled right up to the atlantic if they had wanted to . 
  they had the biggest and baddest army in europe by the time they invaded berlin . 
  life sure was grand behind that curtain too . 
  such a victim . 
  when you are posting propaganda on reddit , there is no excuse . 
  you already at that point can obviously speak english and have access to anything in the world . 
  this is n't some senior from soviet days that only speaks russian and only knows russian media on tv direct from kremlin . 
  and nothing was lost . 
  do n't you mean turkey/cyprus ? 
  yeah , usa was moments away from jumping in with the ss and storming london . 
  well , there was nothing stopping you from brushing up your german and swinging over to gdr and seeing how much better things were doing in the east . 
  i love that russians say it is n't fair to compare themselves to western europe because america dumped money into europe with marshall plan and then you have people in western europe that bitch like they were robbed by being given tons of money to rebuild their countries with . 
  are you seriously suggesting that helping the uk war effort prior to it being politically feasible to jump in 100 % was exploiting wwii in some way ? 
  it is suggesting doing things to make french happy . 
  why not just wrap up the article by lobbying for a federal europe ? 
  i disagree with eu . 
  eu is very much a work in progress . 
  i mean literally everything about it is new and ever changing . 
  usa might as well be ancient rome with how established it is compared to the government of eu . 
  things will continue to progress or maybe collapse in turmoil . 
  which direction ? 
  who knows . 
  all of us are going to find out eventually though . 
  i personally hope for a very successful eu with more centralized power in brussels . 
  the current system pisses me off and i get angry at how fucked over the southern countries are in the current status quo . 
  usa is n't going to fail . 
  i do n't know many people that cheer for recessions , but the boom and bust cycle just kind of keeps repeating itself with a general upward trend . 
  things will always be ok . 
  sometimes the situation will be worse and other times things will be better . 
  everything ebbs and flows and kind of self corrects . 
  the system in the usa does n't let anything fail . 
  even the shittiest states in usa are propped up to where they have living standards that are similar to the richer countries of europe regardless of which states happen to be doing poorly at any given time . 
  the usa is a lot more socialist than it likes to admit . 
  just never use that word inside of the country . 
  it is the definition of evil for many ignorant people inside of that country and in an ironic twist they tend to survive due to the socialist systems that they despise . 
  meanwhile in eu you have countries in germany or austria that are still doing well and they look over to countries like spain and tell them to stop being so morally inferior and lazy and say `` tough shit '' no matter how bad their economy is doing while having zero control over their own fiscal policy that is influenced primarily by berlin . 
  i 'm kind of rambling , but i think what i 'm trying to say is that it is a fucked up system . 
  it is however the least fucked up system that has had the most success over the course of modern history . 
  you not liking him only makes me like him more . 
  i could n't think of a better endorsement . 
  i never said education was a worthless institution . 
  i said there is more out there for the people that have initiative . 
  not everyone that wants to make more money can . 
  nothing stops people from becoming more educated though for the most part . 
  it is hard enough when ukraine ca n't make up their own mind by themselves . 
  eu is n't going to risk their own positions for a country that could easily turn their back on it and resent it the next moment . 
  plus there is this whole nuclear thing with second most powerful army that kind of looms in the background . 
  i 'm not sure which version is more depressing . 
  it is sad if russia is truly that violent and people get excited at the prospect of getting away with assaulting their neighbors . 
  first off , there is no `` real '' value with gold . 
  gold is a useless commodity that people run to because they think it is somehow worth more than fiat currency . 
  gold is only useful based on perceived value just like fiat is . 
  gold is like the tulips of 2014 . 
  the price fluctuates like any other commodity and it is incredibly easy to lose money from investing in it . 
  here is the information you asked for : http://www.politifact.com/new-hampshire/statements/2012/oct/25/barack-obama/barack-obama-says-banks-paid-back-all-federal-bail/ who says lack of regulation is a definition of an economy . 
  laws can be passed and things change . 
  nothing exists in a vacuum frozen in time . 
  i would say the issues of europe have a lot more to do with the flawed system of the eurozone . 
  the economy of the usa is much bigger than the eurozone and it functions much better than it because there is more central power and weaker states are looked after better . 
  in a very ironic situation , usa is more socialist than the eurozone . 
  also , do n't criticize what current yields happen to be . 
  when inflation is almost nonexistent bond yields will also be incredibly low as well . 
  government loans and institutional investors operate on massive scales and always get the cheapest interest rates available . 
  that is n't unique to the crisis . 
  i am not discounting your criticisms of eu . 
  they are very valid and i 've made the same criticisms myself countless times . 
  those issues though , exist primarily as a failure of how the eurozone is administered rather than a failure of `` western '' capitalism in general . 
  they already had afghanistan . 
  9-11 was like throwing a grenade at a hornet 's nest and americans just wanted to fuck something up after getting punched in the mouth so unexpectedly in such a brazen attack . 
  that scumbag administration pushed bullshit propaganda so hard it was ridiculous . 
  they also took advantage of awful media like fox news . 
  there was a huge subset of the nation that equated iraq with 9-11 through creative propaganda by bush even though they specifically never said iraq was responsible . 
  so , yes , if america was attacked like 9-11 every decade that kind of propaganda would be effective on a constant basis . 
  those are exceptions , not the rule . 
  this is the country that has people that refuse to even believe the president was born in the country six years later . 
  how would you feel if some loud crass americans crashed some random pub in belfast and ordered a round of irish car bombs for everyone ? 
  that crew went down there for the express intent of insulting everyone they met and showing it off in the media . 
  it would piss off anyone with half a brain . 
  i know i would be pissed off and i despise the intended stereotypes myself that top gear was lampooning . 
  are you telling me people who cheer for putin are going to get assaulted on the streets ? 
  you do n't think putin should take blame for fomenting this eu = nazis that we need to protect against mentality ? 
  anyone that questions putin is a cia fifth column nazi that hates russia . 
  it is them versus the world and they will not stand for any chinks in the armor . 
  after the protests in spb there were people calling them fifth column scum and wanted the streets washed afterwards to get rid of the filth . 
  needless to say , the tanker trucks drove through the streets like clockwork afterwards . 
  did i say which language was superior ? 
  are you going to claim english is widespread in russia in comparison to europe for example in non english speaking countries ? 
  there is a very tiny minority of people that are fluent in english so any media that is n't in russian is irrelevant . 
  i assumed you knew i was talking in hyperbole . 
  it would be quite a risky business model to have english language media in moscow if 0 people spoke english . 
  like a russian chav . 
  or for usa some ignorant murica redneck . 
  greatest of all time . 
  that dinner where he tore bush apart while standing right next to him was amazing from start to finish . 
  nobody knows english in russia . 
  plus it is in moscow . 
  they are full of eurofags unlike the true vatniks in the countryside .
