  the eu is guaranteed to fail if they refuse to set up an appropriate way to have transfer payments between countries to spur economies . 
  it becomes an even bigger joke that the biggest economy refuses to spend money on defense and tells countries that are closer to russia to pound sand and quit making noise and do n't disturb germany 's income while treating them like sacrificial buffer states to keep germans feeling safe . 
  what money are they getting from germany ? 
  even better how are they `` imaginary reasons '' ? 
  i trust uk and france to lead better than germany . 
  germany sure as hell wants to lead when it comes to austerity . 
  they are n't shy then . 
  yeah , sorry , it was n't really an argument towards you . 
  i was just adding and agreeing . 
  you ca n't be a leader in the eu/nato and be `` big switzerland '' . 
  it just does n't work . 
  i think it lasted just long enough for a bathroom break and time to reload . 
  russia only uses ceasefires to regroup and grab more land or to permanently take land away from a country . 
  diplomacy with putin is a farce . 
  my favorites were claiming libya rebellion was supported because they wanted to use euro for buying oil instead of dollar when eu lead the effort and that only the chinese military can stand up to russian power . 
  talking about how the brics threaten the rest of the world with their power is also hilarious . 
  to defend themselves just like everyone else that has them except for russia . 
  russia is the only country that suggests nuclear attacks as a legit way to win wars instead of a way to protect themselves from other nukes . 
  zerohedge . 
  lol . 
  those comments are amazing . 
  so many conspiratards . 
  yes , that is why so many countries all over the world suggest using nukes as a way to stop and win a war . 
  clearly i 'm just not manly enough to be a general or to be a leader in general because i do n't want to attack people with nukes . 
  because only germany matters meanwhile they want to consider themselves leaders . 
  they are only forceful when it comes to enforcing economic policy that benefits them primarily . 
  i would make am awful general because i do n't want to nuke cities ? 
  at least they are n't hypocritical . 
  they do n't care what any people want anywhere , not just the ones in their own borders . 
  i would argue it is insane if the risk of you not being 100 % correct means your own country gets nuked as well . 
  no one told france to build warships and give technology to russia in the first place . 
  it was a stupid move from the get go . 
  usa has zero use for ships from from other countries that do n't match the ones they are already using . 
  the whole tactical nuke thing with their military . 
  he is acting and pushing based on the fact that people do n't want to go to war . 
  what i am trying to say is putin being around someone else with putin 's ideology would end up blowing up the world . 
  yeah except germany made it a point of policy to do as much trade with russia as possible . 
  they have no one to blame but themselves . 
  russia had used their fuel as a weapon on numerous occasions . 
  how is any of this new ? 
  the usa has shown on multiple occasions that it will do the expensive move if it thinks it is the right move even if it is n't the right move . 
  usa for better or worse does not lack conviction . 
  usa spent about an extra billion on military by shuffling mobile forces all over eastern europe and maintaining them there just for this year . 
  usa has plenty already of those ships . 
  it has to be a united front . 
  if usa does sanctions but eu wo n't it looks like a divided house . 
  it does n't help to be tougher than everyone else . 
  he has to do this through consensus behind closed doors . 
  it becomes very easy to see it has something the usa is causing if eu does n't stand equally tough and just make the alliance look weaker . 
  it was a great move by russia because they are picking on weakest target and forces nato to react right after the speech . 
  nato is forced in under 24 hours to prove that it does n't consider all countries equal after obama claimed otherwise . 
  `` baby '' . 
  they are larger than france 's regular carrier . 
  only in usa would that not count as a `` carrier '' . 
  well , alright . 
  fair enough . 
  no american carrier will ever be allowed in there with the current treaty . 
  i know the soviets have one carrier and that it qualifies as being small enough . 
  well , unless they have sold that carrier also . 
  their navy is such a joke after ussr collapsed . 
  how is that a correction ? 
  possibly using nukes , yes . 
  russia is the only country i flat out do n't trust to act sane . 
  because then he is backed into a corner it could force him to lash out into escalation to prove how russia is a super power . 
  there is no freaking way that putin just stands there while nato kills off the russian military in ukraine . 
  there is no way he can save face from that . 
  it could get ugly . 
  no go in black sea . 
  a carrier is not allowed in there ever from my understanding . 
  the stuff you are talking about could lead to a straight up nato russia war in eastern europe . 
  i think everyone wants to avoid that especially the countries in europe . 
  obama is handcuffed . 
  they do n't even want to do economic punishment . 
  you honestly think eu should n't be the countries leading the charge ? 
  what is the alternative ? 
  obama wants eu to lead in their back yard and they wo n't . 
  do n't you find it ridiculous that usa has to be the aggressive one where all of this is happening right on the border of nato ? 
  what exactly is obama supposed to do ? 
  he does n't even have economic leverage against russia . 
  all their trade is primarily through eu . 
  haha . 
  what a joke . 
  they are outcasts almost as much as you are . 
  ah , ok , so same deal as usa , except that the seats are fixed at 435 . 
  well fixed for at least a century at least . 
  just gets shifted around every decade after a census . 
  yeah , do n't let that flag fool you . 
  he is the real deal . 
  i 'd like a kickstarter where we chip in for a passport and let him leave the country he hates . 
  never ending supply of conspiratards . 
  oh so it is n't proportional ? 
  there is a set amount of people that are represented per mp ? 
  usa has a fixed number of seats regardless of population . 
  not true . 
  those seats would spread throughout the rest of uk . 
  so just about half would go to opposing party . 
  yeah , scotland will never have a say in how they are governed . 
  10 % is very minor and that is assuming everyone completely unites which is asking a lot . 
  well what he said was true . 
  scotland and the rest of the uk will have a weaker military in comparison to the group as a whole .
