  but peace , order , and stability through what means ? 
  using that reasoning , stalin would be a great leader . 
  what is wrong with things like freedom of the press or freedom of speech and other liberal values ? 
  you can support individual rights without supporting a country that has essentially no government at all . 
  that is a ridiculous jump to be making and that is an extreme position to be jumping to . 
  that is what i reference as a minority view . 
  that is faulty reasoning . 
  so because you can find someone that says that , that means individual freedoms being a good thing is an entirely fake idea ? 
  that is such a huge straw man you are attacking . 
  how is pointing out that extremists exist somehow an excuse for your own ? 
  that is a cop out on your part . 
  you also have even said what you yourself believe . 
  instead all you are pointing out is what you do n't believe by attacking something using a minority view to represent an entire group of people and events that span centuries . 
  that seems an absurd complaint in my opinion . 
  people do not need to live their lives according to dogma . 
  i ca n't think of anything that taken to the extremes is beneficial for people at large . 
  things should be adopted based on how beneficial they are versus the drawbacks , not based on ideology . 
  basing rules solely on ideology is no way to live . 
  that is beyond simplistic bordering on insanity . 
  i can like a certain food , but unless it is all i ever eat the rest of my life , then i guess it does n't exist and i do n't actually like it ? 
  something is n't fake or without merit simply because it is n't taken to the `` logical '' which in reality means most extreme conclusion . 
  you say logical conclusion . 
  i am seeing black and white extremes on your end of interpretation . 
  not everything has to be radicalized . 
  what do you believe in then , out of curiosity ? 
  i honestly am not sure what you are getting at in criticizing individualism while saying that it does n't even exist in the same thought , unless i just am not understanding you . 
  subtle . 
  haha . 
  i find complaints about individualism a bit ironic with your clamoring for separatism and complete disregard for the freedom of people at large throughout europe . 
  in that case consider bavaria under foreign german occupation and it does n't concern anyone to help since it is n't their problem . 
  when you only care about yourself , your opinions only matter to the same group of just you . 
  that is all we need , a continent with hundreds of countries fighting each other and out for themselves like it is the middle ages again . 
  in that case , fuck it . 
  let russia have switzerland too . 
  sell them an air force for it just in case they need assistance . 
  you also completely avoided my question . 
  what makes you think you live in a bubble ? 
  the lives of all europeans end up impacted by invasions and war . 
  everyone thought how crazy crimea was bu at least they were done . 
  and it just continues today . 
  i do n't think anyone wants war . 
  russia is causing instability in europe . 
  would an invasion of poland be ok in 1998 as well ? 
  i am not surprised . 
  i am pointing out the absurdity to the obvious conclusion . 
  the balkans are not a model to be emulated . 
  then we can have bavaria devolve further with people not caring until we have your own neighborhood being invaded for it to matter . 
  fuck espirito santo with their greed . 
  that family singlehandedly could have ruined all of portugal . 
  no one chooses conscription . 
  anyone is free to volunteer . 
  talk about stupid straw man to make yourself so much smarter than the sheeple . 
  no one forces women to get pregnant . 
  are they raped and kept in camps and the babies given to the state for indoctrination ? 
  woe is the patriarchy . 
  good luck trying to explain this concept in the usa . 
  instead we use quotas and double standards . 
  the stereotype does n't materialize from thin air . 
  yeah ? 
  and what , the judge is going to award weapons ? 
  all defense contracts fall under state security and national policy . 
  everyone talks about usa military industrial complex , but you do n't see usa companies selling military technology and weapons to china . 
  meanwhile all the food in eastern europe became unsafe for russian consumption in a massive coincidence . 
  how about being discredited by all of europe ? 
  france is more concerned with opinion of invaders and making sure they are provisorily armed ? 
  exactly . 
  why should bavarians defend an invasion in holstein ? 
  it is n't my concern and does n't affect me personally . 
  i only care about me , myself , and i. 
  all of this literally already happens . 
  you should see the nut jobs in usa who think the un is the basis for a nwo all while insulting how inept and useless it is . 
  would you suggest rt ? 
  oh that is right , putin banned this . 
  remember that time obama killed journalists from fox news and told them what to say and write ? 
  yes , me neither . 
  i hope you are n't playing with matches or anything . 
  there are straw men all around you . 
  way to stereotype . 
  you think palestine does n't have reason to hate usa when the bombs dropped on their houses and hospitals and schools say made in the usa and come free of charge ? 
  i would be pissed too . 
  israel is richer than the eu and palestine is an ever shrinking ghetto that has everything blockaded even food . 
  which side gets billions a year . 
  oh right . 
  you see the hate and all i can do is shrug your shoulders . 
  they are n't imagining things . 
  yes , except israel thinks europe is the usa and under the thumb of aipac . 
  when you feel free to tell the country that just handed you half a billion dollars in the last month alone to shut the fuck up , i think your ego might be a little out of control . 
  i have the solution to all your problems right here with some slight modifications . 
  [ i only wish i could claim credit for this . 
  ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/everyone-in-middle-east-given-own-country-in-31700,36484/ ), 
  yes , but many countries have professional armies . 
  i am not in favor of rule by democracy either . 
  i do n't really think we differ much on that . 
  interesting . 
  yet the countries that ally and do large trade with the usa end up being very prosperous countries . 
  you made it seem like usa just subjugates and robs the world in the name of democracy . 
  haha , yes , i agree with you , but please no south park references . 
  even though i love the show and their creators , it is a bit hard to take someone seriously when they use cartoons as a legit frame of reference . 
  i was simply trying to get the idea across that democracy does n't prevent war . 
  i also was n't trying to bash russia in this particular instance .
