  give clay please . 
  apology accepted . 
  the russians in usa are great if you do n't mind rough around the edges . 
  the biggest thing in their favor though is that they are n't trying to have any referendums in nyc . 
  too bad they ca n't pool money together with the teenagers in the usa that just read atlas shrugged and get a permanent vacation to somalia/utopia . 
  is vacation just a reason to work in a new location ? 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  is this a wwi reenactment in progress ? 
  i think poland made out pretty well compared to germany . 
  who the hell wants belarus anyway ? 
  poland managed to get some great land due to stalin 's power grab . 
  that of course is my ignorant opinion . 
  i 'm sure the polish being pushed out of the area were n't exactly thrilled with the soviets for many reasons . 
  being liberated by the army that initially invaded you in the first place is a joke . 
  russia ended up getting what they invaded in the end anyway while the germans are the `` bad guys '' . 
  check the `` prime minister '' you troll . 
  probably due to not fighting a second war where allies turn on each other . 
  usa was more than happy to have soviets and nazis kill each other for the next decade if they could . 
  they were more concerned with beating russia to berlin than actually defeating germany . 
  ah , well i was n't sure on the timing of that transition and the differences . 
  i just knew that there had to be some difference based on the separate names . 
  thanks for the info . 
  they had been there for centuries so i just kind of view it as theirs after such a long period and such a huge history of the region . 
  for russia to just show up out of nowhere is just comical for me . 
  to claim the history of the area is even more of a farce . 
  at least with poland there was back and forth between the two groups . 
  i was assuming you had negative intentions with your question . 
  sorry about that . 
  ah , in that case , yes , germans/prussians . 
  i misunderstood you . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  are old prussians very much different than prussians ? 
  i ca n't say i 'm that knowledgeable about the area in comparison to the people from the area . 
  please do n't take any comments of mine downplaying anything bad that has happened to poland . 
  that is n't my intent . 
  what in the world does poland have to do with russia having that territory ? 
  is being against ethnic cleansing somehow a radical statement . 
  i meah , shit , america outright yanked a giant chunk of land from mexico , but there are plenty of hispanics in the area . 
  we did n't go try to exterminate mexicans . 
  the city of los angeles was n't renamed victoria . 
  constantinople heritage . 
  better ? 
  i have zero stake in the matter and i find the issue offensive . 
  what happened to germans was completely wrong . 
  two wrongs do n't make it right . 
  if anything , i 'm against usa for supporting it . 
  there is nothing wrong with the german people and they did n't deserve to be treated poorly due to leadership . 
  i can only hope turkey gets wind of this and celebrates constantinople and asks greece for any pointers . 
  that should help immensely with relations as they work together on that one . 
  the thread literally asked for them to be listed . 
  itt : people stating the obvious to point out they are smarter than everyone . 
  bucharest is n't paved ?!, 
  hate to break it to you , racism is found all over . 
  using that logic , usa would never qualify as a eu member state besides the obvious other reasons of geography . 
  yeah , next up , gibraltar makes a national holiday to celebrate all of their spanish heritage and erect a giant middle finger monument visible from across the bridge . 
  prussians were effectively ethnically cleansed from the area . 
  that sounds like something that you would find in america right next to dollywood and an elvis theme park . 
  good luck . 
  they threw everyone out of the city and filled it with soviet vets and their families . 
  if anyone has any democracy or independence itches , they are quickly deemed criminals . 
  yeah and the soviets are rewarded by being given polish and german land for their efforts . 
  helps to be on the winning side when `` evil '' is determined . 
  damn straight . 
  i guess we should have a solution for the germans , right ? 
  bigotry ? 
  what bigotry ? 
  venice is n't a country in their current form . 
  that is n't a knock on venice . 
  i have nothing bad to say about venice . 
  they expanded and had an amazing empire . 
  singapore is just a small island city . 
  they are independent so of course that makes them a country . 
  yes , of course they are a country , but not all countries are created equal . 
  hungary ca n't and never will be able to compare themselves to an independent city state . 
  vatican is also a country . 
  so is china . 
  should we compare these two to each other since all countries are fair comparison ? 
  of course not . 
  talk about throwing victim bullshit around for everything . 
  who the hell is talking about bigotry ? 
  i said singapore would be better compared to places like hong kong and macau than to hungary . 
  hungary should instead be comparing themselves to nearby countries in eu like slovenia , czech republic , slovakia , etc. 
  it is n't a country . 
  it is a glorified trading city . 
  that is like calling venice a country or hong kong or macau or isle of man and so on . 
  they are not countries in the way that malaysia or china are countries . 
  just because you have your own flag it does n't make you special . 
  manhattan is closer to singapore than hungary ever could aspire to be . 
  the leader of singapore is a glorified mayor that lives mayors giuliani and bloomberg 's authoritarian wet dreams . 
  where the propaganda is even worse . 
  your point ? 
  what proof do you have to the contrary ? 
  i am convinced . 
  russia is greatest democracy in the world . 
  ancient greece never had this kind of participation . 
  the parliament is legitimate . 
  invading a country while making cries of fascism is ironic to say the least . 
  it is unreasonable because it is n't a country . 
  it is a city of millionaires . 
  delusional thinking if you think you can emulate that through some communist bullshit .
