  so russia needs to go to war to prevent war ? 
  versus what exactly ? 
  go check out the shit russia is buying for their army . 
  they are so outmatched tech wise it is n't even funny . 
  by the way , in what fantasy world does usa allow any country in the world to attack the eu ? 
  that is n't true . 
  cutting spending can just as easily lead to bigger debt . 
  i 'm comparing the policies of two economies of similar size that have free trade all throughout the inside of it and have similar levels of income per capita . 
  there is n't an economy in the world that comes closer to resembling usa than the eu . 
  more and more fear mongering ? 
  how are the two biggest economies on the planet being `` marginalized '' more and more by the day ? 
  instead you want a nice death spiral by deflation so we can all `` tighten our belts and pay our bills '' ? 
  oh , so how does one `` activate the printing press '' while inflation was 1.5 percent last year ? 
  i 'll take the us economy over multiple dipping recessions and sky high unemployment all over the eurozone and morally superior germans manipulating trade markets . 
  thanks . 
  and that is fine and i understand the sentiment . 
  i was specifically criticizing the politicians who advocate for it . 
  i 'm not calling people who are comfortable retarded , just the politicians who are trying to hamper the transition as a cheap trick to get old people to vote for them . 
  well fair enough in stating no one has had growth after doing it . 
  i 'm definitely not arguing that ireland has grown recently . 
  economics is also definitely not a zero sum game . 
  i agree with almost everything you are saying . 
  i 'm also not trying to blame ireland for anything in regards to why they shrunk . 
  it happened regardless of the reasons . 
  the only points i 'm trying to make is that it is much easier to grow after a serious contraction and that lowering taxes to the same levels everywhere would pull businesses away from ireland because they would lose their comparative advantage in that scenario on that particular facet . 
  as it stands now , there are companies that can do business with all of eu for very cheap by basing themselves in a any of the countries and picking whichever one has the lowest taxes . 
  that is not what it means . 
  it is their money after the bonds are issued . 
  they sold the security . 
  it is their money . 
  i would like it phased out quicker for simplicity sake . 
  i do n't lose sleep over it . 
  i just think people that advocate for imperial are retarded . 
  what happens if everyone lowers taxes the same way ? 
  it is no longer a benefit . 
  you are also ignoring that ireland contracted a lot over the years . 
  you ca n't just extrapolate one small country to all of europe . 
  otherwise we could just say everyone can copy switzerland and the whole world will be rich . 
  who is advocating wasteful spending ? 
  does portugal no longer need infrastructure ? 
  ireland 's economy shrunk a massive amount . 
  you also ca n't have all of eu collectively rob each other as a tax haven . 
  does n't work when everyone does it . 
  i certainly would n't have killed people around me over independence . 
  canada did just fine . 
  humongous debt ? 
  usa is easily able to service their debt . 
  what point are you making . 
  usa has the same level of debt as belgium . 
  we are all dead anyway ? 
  christ . 
  government debt has nothing to do with the individual . 
  the government is n't going to die or retire or lose its job and become homeless . 
  a massive economy is n't your credit card bill . 
  so many people pay a bill in their life and suddenly become economists . 
  stock bubble ? 
  you realize there are things like revenue and productivity metrics right ? 
  i will be laughing and praying when the biggest economy on earth collapses which is n't happening and would be totally wonderful for an export driven economy like germany . 
  yeah you sound like an economic genius . 
  keep growling that you have to pay your cable bill so france should n't be allowed to spend money . 
  i am sure someone will mail you an economics degree in the mail over it from your efforts in spreading wisdom . 
  i hated bush for his domestic and foreign policy . 
  i have told you i was against how iraq was handled . 
  bush was installed by a court in 2000 . 
  he used 9-11 to win in 2004 . 
  eu is trying to bring serbia into eu and gives them lots of aid every year . 
  what more do you want from me , should i have started a coup ? 
  i support usa when i think its actions are right and i believe they are right in ukraine . 
  germany is using eu to get rich while the whole ship sinks . 
  they wo n't care though until their feet get wet , but they are resting in the top deck . 
  germany 's economy would be doing far worse if they had the mark still . 
  germany 's handling of fiscal policy in eurozone is absolutely atrocious . 
  france needs to use their muscle to compete against these ridiculous german austerity ideas . 
  distrustful of what ? 
  you think germany is going to break an alliance with every country they do n't agree with 100 % ? 
  germany was n't required to go to iraq . 
  they did n't go . 
  usa does n't give a shit that germany did n't go . 
  it does n't require marriage counseling or any other crazy analogies . 
  usa also was n't robbing germany by having an independent foreign policy of another country . 
  your thinking would break every single alliance in the world . 
  it is n't like any country desperately depends on germany 's pitiful military anyway . 
  it is held together by duct tape . 
  by the way , iraq had wmds . 
  anyone that compares a government budget to a household is an idiot . 
  fiscal policy is n't a morality play . 
  you do n't cut your way out of a recession . 
  usa has done a far better job than euro zone with dealing with recessions . 
  eurozone is headed towards a triple dip recession while germany stands around scolding everyone and driving the bus over the cliff . 
  germany does n't care though since the weak economies are helping germany exploit export market . 
  no , that is genocide . 
  ethnic cleansing does n't always mean death . 
  i used to think same thing . 
  they already had ten years at least . 
  that is n't a flip of the switch . 
  nato did n't want to destroy serbia . 
  nato more than anything just wanted the war to end . 
  that was the goal . 
  you can talk about genocide in usa all you want but almost nothing in the world touches the horrors of stalin . 
  most natives in north and south america died from disease .
