  no russia regularly kills off their own people and disgrace them with lies by denying secret wars . 
  you need look no further than inside russia for mothers protesting the deaths of their sons and given lies as answers . 
  it is kind of weird to have thousands of dead soldiers when there are no wars happening . 
  sure sounds like some dangerous vacations and training to me . 
  what in the fuck are you talking about ? 
  tell me more about your fear of the uk invasion . 
  this has nothing to do with the usa . 
  but since you mentioned it , feel free to stop using american inventions products like the internet if america disgusts you so much . 
  https://index.rsf.org/#!/index-details/rus 152 out of 180 are you disputing that they have invaded europe ? 
  like , i get it that you do n't give a shit so long as your ass is fine . 
  being self centered is a normal characteristic for people to have . 
  what do you think russia would do to armed military jets in their territory ? 
  i was simply saying that once they land they are fair game . 
  i do think firing on them while they float down is pretty shit though . 
  well he was talking about how trustworthy russia and putin is . 
  ask the netherlands how trustworthy they are . 
  or estonians . 
  or ukrainians . 
  or georgians . 
  fuck off to sas . 
  i meant armed for when they land . 
  yes , russia is always on the up and up as far as borders go . 
  they are experts on the matter considering they redraw them often . 
  putin is a hero now ? 
  the guy that invaded europe and has one of the worst records of freedom of press in the world to where you must fear for your life ? 
  pretty easy to judge when you live on the opposite side of europe on an island . 
  you know those pilots are armed , right ? 
  what war crime ? 
  but muh wwii . 
  if they fulfill their obligations other than when it comes to bullying the rest of eu they would literally become hitler . 
  you talk about values yet prefer autocracy dictated by only your beliefs . 
  exactly my point . 
  no one even cares about estonia and the problems they have to deal with . 
  pay more attention . 
  exactly , and those countries do it for decades taking advantage of other allies . 
  right , so you are a hopeful dictator that professes to be a progressive . 
  it is a military alliance . 
  turkey is a sovereign nation and a democracy . 
  you should respect the wishes of their people even when you disagree instead of treating them like inferiors and puppets to be dictated to . 
  they have always been a reliable partner of nato for decades and it is comical to hear them criticized for defending their own nation . 
  it is even more comical when it comes from people that think fulfilling promises ate merely a suggestion and their countries should take advantage of nato because they can get away with it . 
  that is a very popular opinion on this sub that gets voiced often . 
  claiming turkey is more fanatical and nationalist than russia is a farce after crimea . 
  diplomacy . 
  everything has something to do with you if you have foreign relations and decades old treaties and alliances . 
  there is zero reason to kick out turkey . 
  why ? 
  they are far more important than many other nato countries that think broomsticks are high tech . 
  do n't sprain your wrist jerking so hard . 
  that was not even remotely the same thing . 
  like russia would be ok with military jets invading russia . 
  you should see how butt hurt the russia stronk crowd in / r/russia is . 
  it is fucking hysterical . 
  are n't these the same jokers that push theories to their people about how ukrainian military jets shoot down civilian airliners instead of russian back forces ? 
  there is always worse . 
  how has asking nicely worked to prevent people being kidnapped from other countries by russians and sentenced in kangaroo courts ? 
  russia would run out of functioning planes . 
  simple math really . 
  should build a wall . 
  what about a silver salary ? 
  ot is always good . 
  the government has nothing to do with church weddings . 
  well at least if no civilian planes get knocked out it is a recent improvement . 
  from iraq ? 
  isis was created inside of iraq prior to syria ? 
  100 % agreed on that . 
  it becomes harder and harder to relate to people the less you have in common . 
  although i do n't like anyone being killed , i do n't live my life in a permanent depression over all the evil things that exist in this world day to day . 
  you are aware that soviets were a big fan of ethnic cleansing yet you are only anti-american . 
  your selective outrage is hilarious and transparent . 
  you know , germans would have been treated a lot better if they were n't fucking nazis and starting a world war . 
  germans were either nazis or putting nazis in power . 
  you want to bitch about actions committed from 70 years ago , check your own country 's history . 
  i am so so sorry on how those poor nazis were treated that you identify with . 
  holy shit , are you butt hurt over how nazi germany was treated ? 
  poor baby . 
  i am glad you associate with nazis so freely . 
  i think your ideas of what neutral means needs some work . 
  the problem is attacking islam is an easy way to alienate all muslims . 
  i am not saying that you personally do , but i have seen many people even advocating for literal genocide and holy wars . 
  oh , russian apologist . 
  maybe you should get a better grasp of who your actual allies are . 
  i see , so only young american men drink alcohol in germany and it would be crime free if they left nato ? 
  countries have to meet their obligations . 
  a world exists outside of the a german borders . 
  that too . 
  i do n't defend any rape based on who does it . 
  it is a fact that christians created a worldwide child rape ring spanning decades and spent a fortune hiding it from government and media . 
  religion of undeniable evil and hatred . 
  deport all of them so they can stop donating to criminal behavior . 
  then pull out of all international organizations . 
  you do n't get perks without obligations . 
  leave the eu and nato . 
  how about worldwide promoting of child rape ? 
  or promoting hatred of groups like homosexuals ? 
  so religions that preach hate should all be under the same scope ? 
  or is only islam the bad guys ? 
  no , they did not . 
  leading from the rear as usual . 
  so who are the crazy people ?
