  so if ukraine went to war to retake crimea it would be offensive for you ? 
  yes but retaking land for byzantine empire is defensive versus some far off colony that was n't really yours to begin with . 
  2.5 % wow . 
  compare that to france . 
  no one refers to a colony as their home country . 
  hahaha . 
  only people on the right are employed . 
  good joke . 
  vietnam was a colony . 
  that is hardly the same thing . 
  pretty sure someone in france has a lot more contact with muslims than people in spain . 
  there are almost no muslims in iberia . 
  are those the only countries that do n't get here as a default ? 
  what reality ? 
  i am acquainted with real estate and investing in general . 
  now you got it . 
  evil capitalists are supposed to give away capital for charity housing . 
  usa has subsidized housing where landlords are paid directly from government to house poor people . 
  how ? 
  not allowing people to sell their property for a profit ? 
  that is the whole point . 
  no one wanting to invest in rental properties because of their profits being artificially limited by government regulations . 
  why are you comparing prices of london to there ? 
  there is way more demand in london which drives up prices . 
  that is an absurd comparison . 
  supply and demand is n't random luck . 
  i just do n't waste my time with self proclaimed geniuses . 
  you are n't looking for knowledge . 
  you came in full smug right off the bat . 
  you know that already . 
  you are the one declaring economics to be voodoo since everything is luck and luck alone . 
  you expect me to explain the worldwide housing bubble and lending crisis to someone that already thinks they are a master of economics and business ? 
  correction , knows they are a master of it . 
  you think investments and business is luck ? 
  supply and demand is n't luck . 
  i can always get behind blaming spain for everything . 
  but market does set price . 
  downturns in a market do n't disprove capitalism . 
  some context for your out there comment ? 
  under an hour . 
  impressive . 
  almost like it is their job . 
  because you ca n't charge what they are worth . 
  would you like to take a job knowing you can never earn what you are worth and will never get an appropriate raise ? 
  lol, 
  no one wants to invest in units to rent if your roi is capped by rent controls . 
  they will gladly invest elsewhere . 
  hello , housing shortage . 
  great job with the planned economy with good intentions . 
  no one in the usa is preventing military spending in europe . 
  it is the complete opposite . 
  their budgets are n't bloated by pensions either like european militaries . 
  the true gdp percentage would be laughable if that was taken away in some countries . 
  i would n't doubt that many in germany would n't even want to defend latvia so long as it does n't effect anything in germany . 
  they still have one stationed in their country regardless . 
  they have n't yet . 
  alliances can break but not due to a war . 
  that would weaken usa considerably . 
  we kept our end of deal . 
  russia did n't . 
  it was not a military alliance . 
  usa is n't going to war with russia for a country that likes to play both sides . 
  should have picked team blue . 
  again . 
  i never said anything about idealism . 
  usa protects allies with a vertu long track record all over the globe . 
  just in case you are n't sure , me saying something about usa is n't translated to usa is literally perfect . 
  usa is n't superman flying in to protect people last minute . 
  should have joined nato instead of playing neutral and being close to russia . 
  sorry , but you ca n't buy insurance after the attack . 
  literally nowhere did i say america is perfect . 
  what do you think has prevented war in korea for instance or a takeover of taiwan ? 
  i would never suggest to not view russia as an enemy . 
  i only state that the country is n't alone . 
  i never stated that the usa was a benevolent force around the world that can do no wrong . 
  both of those things are something you created . 
  south vietnam was not some long time ally . 
  it was a mess dropped on america 's lap by the french . 
  america also was there for literally decades dying . 
  so much reaching . 
  tell me again how my statement is false . 
  i never said america is perfect . 
  i simply stated it never fucks over and abandons allies . 
  giving an instance of an american abroad not being a live trip wire disproves nothing . 
  you realize there are americans in your country that serve one purpose ? 
  that purpose being to die and start a war with usa if there are any attacks . 
  americans have been a trip wire of safety all over the world for almost a century . 
  such a troll, 
  much less the opposition to it directly inside of usa instead of the putin idolatry inside of russia . 
  that is racist as fuck . 
  there is n't more at stake . 
  you realize nukes can fly over water ? 
  i know i personally would be guaranteed a short painful death , immediate vaporization , or excruciating cancer depending on where i was located on that particular day . 
  and none of that was caused by the usa and no one ditched poland during wwii . 
  in fact a world wide war was started over it . 
  but continue playing the victim card . 
  my immediate living family has been involved in war , but i am not about to play victim olympics with a pessimistic pole . 
  there is no way to ever win that contest . 
  what war have you personally experienced ? 
  spare me your talk as though you represent the personal lived history of poland for centuries .
