  so much unity in the eu . 
  should germany be kicked out of eu for building nordstream ? 
  it was a reference to holodomor and throwing that evil label on anyone that needed all of their possessions stripped of them and killed . 
  i 'm aware . 
  thank you though . 
  usa is to blame for the laws of foreign countries . 
  got it . 
  you need to give people a chance . 
  you ca n't pre convict people . 
  it would have been easy to write off all of the soviet bloc countries . 
  i 'm glad eu did n't . 
  i do n't aspire to run my home country into the ground and turn the government into a mafia state . 
  i have too much self respect and shame to be a scumbag . 
  i do n't aspire to chase underage girls either . 
  yes , usa takes care of all their ethnic cleansing and genocide by sending people from usa to cuba . 
  prisoners are given needed items . 
  they are allowed to buy brand items as perks to make their stay nicer . 
  it is n't a freaking gulag . 
  there are n't any kulaks in cuba . 
  nope . 
  that was easy . 
  usa blah blah blah . 
  russia has killed millions of people just inside of their own borders in the last 100 years . 
  you can party with friends . 
  i think a functioning government is too important to be given to criminals . 
  maybe picking up some teenagers together . 
  corrupt ? 
  hate was a strong word so you are right . 
  i think you are cutting serbia short . 
  if serbia was interested in being closer to russia they would never apply to eu in the first place . 
  if serbia was inside of eu it would n't need to depend on russian trade . 
  ever think of that ? 
  you just want to hate on serbia when they are n't able to just hurt their economy to make you feel better . 
  it does n't have other options . 
  kangaroos are scary as fuck . 
  you understand serbia and want them punished for it . 
  one sentence does n't work with the other . 
  i have never said i 'm against russian sanctions . 
  in fact i want harsher ones . 
  serbia is n't in eu though . 
  they are also poor as fuck . 
  serbia is n't going to hurt russia with sanctions . 
  they will only hurt themselves . 
  serbia is supposed to only get the negatives of eu with zero of the benefits ? 
  save the criticism for actual members . 
  there is plenty to go around . 
  russia has done nothing wrong to serbia . 
  russia has done tons wrong to ukraine . 
  you wo n't find me ever defending russia 's actions in ukraine . 
  i want even harsher sanctions towards russia . 
  i am simply saying that serbia ca n't afford to make enemies . 
  eu doing everything it can to rush the entrance of serbia into eu is the quickest way to turn serbia completely away from russia . 
  scolding them and telling them to punish themselves is n't how to do it . 
  eu has no problem throwing all these criticisms at serbia , but there is n't a peep about the fact that hell would freeze over before the swiss would spend even a second contemplating sanctioning russia . 
  russia was invading georgia and no one in eu gave a shit and continued to make deals including advanced weaponry and technology . 
  but yeah , let 's all get together and circlejerk over how bad the serbians are as if they are independently wealthy and can afford to spite themselves to appease people in eu . 
  people in eu wo n't give a shit anyway , they will still find something else to criticize them for . 
  the fact that their politicians are trying to enter eu means nothing apparently . 
  germany building nordstream to skip ukraine so russia can collect their money while selectively fucking over eastern europe is perfectly fine though . 
  so serbia ca n't trade with russia ? 
  when did estonia embargo russia themselves ? 
  they were impressive kills . 
  the downed pilot ended up becoming friends with the commander . 
  it was really genius work on his part . 
  americans are n't drafted and we know the risks . 
  there was lots of bad shit going on , but it stopped now for a long time . 
  usa has done plenty of bad shit on their own as well . 
  serbs are n't evil . 
  i would love to see serbia filled with happy and educated people with content lives and free to pursue their personal goals . 
  whether you believe it or not there are americans that hate that collateral damage happens . 
  i am just as sad at the loss of serbian life as i am over albanian . 
  i know there has been plenty of history in the region and it is wrong to vilify serbians and act like everyone in the region are good guys except for the evil serbs of europe . 
  cheers . 
  it is an art form . 
  oh , you mean the base that is there under a un mandate to maintain peace in the region ? 
  you are pathetic . 
  there was mass genocide and ethnic cleansing in kosovo . 
  well over one million people fled the area if they were the wrong ethnic group and hundreds of thousands were never found again . 
  my logic pointed out your blatant lies . 
  usa was only interested in stopping war crimes in the middle of europe . 
  they had zero interest in taking over serbia . 
  russia on the other hand is exhibiting their typical imperialism that goes back hundreds of years . 
  although , it is totally fair . 
  how the hell are all those russians supposed to live in such a tiny country ? 
  and once they take over they need to perform ethnic cleansing . 
  how else are they supposed to grab the decent real estate ? 
  well if it helps any the random serbians that hate america for bombing them are just added to the list of people that hate america . 
  i could n't care less . 
  i have empathy for serbia and the people that sit around trashing an entire population for past war crimes disgust me . 
  i want serbia to do well and for serbians to have a good quality of life . 
  they are just as much a part of europe as the people in london , paris , or berlin . 
  if eu wants to bitch about serbia making trade deals , offer them better . 
  it is n't like eu has an embargo on russia themselves . 
  it is total bullshit and hypocrisy . 
  it will eventually go full absurd and flip to a 180 where they are accusing everyone of being dangerous communists . 
  i 'm not even sure how to top their actions outside of that . 
  plenty to choose from . 
   there 's only one european country today that 's shown an aggressive intent to expand and militarily annex land from other sovereign nations ok ...  the only country which fit your description interesting . 
  i do appreciate stalin 's due diligence . 
  he was so concerned with defending european countries he decided to never leave them just in case nazi zombies appeared i guess .
