  poland is free to say fuck everyone and become isolationist and poor . 
  it would just be stupid to do it . 
  in usa it is quite normal for utility type companies like water for instance to be owned by a monopoly that is regulated by the government . 
  customers pay for the resource and government controls the company through regulation . 
  towns will sell contracts for trash collection etc. 
  it all varies . 
  sometimes things are public sometimes not . 
  it is n't the end of the world either way . 
  lots of times private companies end up doing it better . 
  all those investments in infrastructure you are complaining about that cost money are mandatory for poland . 
  without infrastructure business fails . 
  there is a reason that cities are the most productive areas of a country . 
  i 'm not really sure what you want . 
  things continue to improve . 
  just because things are n't perfect does n't mean life is horrible . 
  i mean , what the hell do you want ? 
  want to look like belarus ?!, 
  you have poland in a community of friendly nations and they are spending money and welcoming poland . 
  there is positive opinions about poland all over eu and usa as well . 
  usa considers poland to be a very important ally . 
  usa is always the first to back up poland diplomatically even before its immediate neighbors do . 
  nice joke . 
  i liked it . 
  sorry about any prior insults . 
  lots of the stuff you were saying was just objectively wrong and it is frustrating to deal with . 
  that is especially the case with the claims that usa does n't defend allies . 
  usa spends a fortune making sure all of its allies are protected at all times and there are dead americans all over the world defending these allies . 
  here is a link i found that shows life in poland versus other countries in the world . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i was n't trying to brag about soviet era . 
  i leave that for masochists and nationalists . 
  i have n't been to poland . 
  i want poland to do well along with the rest of eu . 
  i do n't consider eu to be perfect either . 
  far from it actually . 
  most of my family lives in eu . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by 40 hour work week . 
  here in usa people can work any amount of hours a week . 
  contracts are also rare outside of unions . 
  time over 40 hours a week is considered overtime . 
  usa has lots of private companies that take care of services and it is n't the end of the world . 
  communism is a failed enterprise . 
  there has n't been a single example of its success anywhere in the world . 
  the stats i 'm finding for poland have unemployment of around 10-12 % for the general population with double that for people under 25 . 
  the eu also has been dealing with a down period . 
  it is n't like life is amazing elsewhere in the world for comparison . 
  you are also completely wrong on the whole usa does n't defend allies bullshit you are spewing . 
  your pessimism is like a cancer . 
  too much money and tourists . 
  god , those comments are cancer . 
  a mix of racist bullshit , tough talking assholes , and whiny sjws . 
  very cool . 
  thanks for pic . 
  feel free to take breaks while carrying that cross . 
  no , i am aware of poland 's history . 
  i 'm also aware of times when poland did n't even exist . 
  it one dominant period in its history , but it neutered itself politically and was torn apart . 
  regardless even during then , life sucked for the common person just like it would in any other country . 
  if you want to brag about some time in history where you would have been some worthless serf , be my guest . 
  it would n't surprise me one bit . 
  do n't conflate xenophobia with genocide . 
  what the fuck do you mean `` ethical '' reasons ? 
  those germans are investing money in poland and putting food on the table of polish people in that town . 
  i would love german companies inside of the usa . 
  i have worked for german companies in the usa . 
  usa has foreign companies inside of it everywhere . 
  there is nothing preventing polish people from spending money any damn way they please or starting their own businesses . 
  they have free access to free movement of people and goods in the largest shared economy on the planet . 
  they also receive aid to top it off and all you can do is whine and bitch . 
  poland would be in the same boat as other non eu countries in europe without eu . 
  and no , i am not referring to norway and switzerland . 
  oh god , the horror that is living in poland in 2014 where polish people are richer than almost the entire world and have never had a better quality of life in their entire history while growth continues inside of the larger eu economy that helps to prop it up and build it . 
  korean war usa protected south korea . 
  are you suffering brain damage ? 
  vietnam was n't a military ally they were swore to protect . 
  they went in anyway . 
  it was an awful war in the first place . 
  usa lost the war and surrendered . 
  losing a civil war on the other side of the globe proves nothing . 
  what the fuck are you talking about with french interventions in africa ? 
  who the hell would usa be `` protecting '' with that ? 
  your logic is nonexistent . 
  do you understand that putting words next to each other on a screen does n't make them factual ? 
  well the burden of proof to make a dent in your paranoid delusions is insurmountable . 
  everything you say is fact because you deem it so . 
  usa does n't determine eu laws . 
  eu policy is determined by parliament . 
  that is based on population . 
  poland was worse off before joining eu . 
  your xenophobia is sickening . 
  i have spent most of my life driving german cars , but i do n't consider merkel my fucking overlord . 
  your viewpoints on life are truly depressing to even contemplate . 
  go ahead and show me where usa has failed to defend allies that they have promised to protect . 
  let 's see who wins that contest of me naming examples of them doing it and you naming examples of them not doing it . 
  just depressing to even think about . 
  no it is n't simple . 
  you have zero proof for anything you say . 
  and eu satellite ? 
  it is n't a satellite . 
  it is part of it .
