  ah well i guess that is n't so bad . 
  at first the impression i got was that there is no oversight at all . 
  how do they function without sanitation ? 
  it is still shocking to me that that would exist in the capital when i compare it to life near cities in usa . 
  my parents grew up in dirt poor villages in western europe , so i understand not having all the amenities but you do n't expect that kind of thing in a capital in this modern age . 
  that is absurd . 
  that would never happen in usa . 
  housing needs to be approved and built to specifications and planning for infrastructure . 
  otherwise you have chaos . 
  you could have random shacks everywhere like that . 
  there is no proof that any of these houses are even safe if there is no government oversight . 
  so , in that case , why does a company leeching profits out of it have to be involved since the government will have to be on top of it to regulate it anyway ? 
  sounds like a state run company would end up working better since profit would n't be the only motive . 
  that is n't competition . 
  that is just private company monopoly . 
  not like you can have multiple companies compete over water supply . 
  how do you sell a river ? 
  what stops them from pumping it completely dry when their only concern is profit ? 
  any supply of water that is distributed is going to be from local locations . 
  it is n't like companies are shipping water from portugal to poland in some power grid . 
  and what then happens to the used water ? 
  are they shipping it back to the company ? 
  none of that makes sense . 
  water is n't produced and it does n't disappear . 
  so the solution is give up to control to private companies so we can benefit from jacked up prices ? 
  that is still a shit way to run a government . 
  how are people able to just build houses anywhere they want ? 
  in the usa people have to deal with zoning laws depending on the area . 
  not every house is hooked up to public water and sewage though . 
  instead they use well and septic tank . 
  this still means running clean water though . 
  similar happens in usa with state run monopoly companies . 
  they are private companies but heavily regulated by the state . 
  do you think your house is going to be a vending machine with ten companies hooked up to your water faucet and you just pick the brand ? 
  the entire process of distributing water goes against having multiple companies . 
  there would be waste and redundancy everywhere . 
  are you going to buy water from italy ? 
  how the hell do you ship water all over a country or across countries . 
  how do you produce your own water ? 
  there are reservoirs and rivers . 
  that is it . 
  end of supply . 
  you ca n't just hook up to an electric grid and ship it all over as needed . 
  sounds like sports stadiums in the usa . 
  mandate the government builds them and the owner keeps all the profits . 
  since when does government give out water for free ? 
  i heard you out and you make no sense . 
  which part of syria does uk currently own ? 
  lol am i doing it right ? 
  i feel like i am jane goodall and not sure if my message is clear . 
  usa was n't denying supporting rebels . 
  usa also does n't have us forces on the ground . 
  us also was n't annexing syria . 
  us also was n't shooting down airliners . 
  the main difference is russia wishes it was still ussr instead of an irrelevant gas station with a dictator . 
  keep fighting the good fight by spreading the truth , comrade !, 
  the ussr needs people like you . 
  by the way , you admitted you are wrong with whataboutism , not that everyone does n't already see you for a putinbot as it was anyway . 
  except they get that equipment from germany . 
  usa is nothing compared to eu when it comes to russian trade both for imports and exports . 
  usa does n't have the financial clout in this situation that their allies do . 
  russia does n't make a damn thing . 
  they are just a gas station . 
  usa does n't need their resources . 
  russia gets most of their machinery from europe . 
  their huge trading partners are netherlands and germany . 
  usa can talk tough all they want , but they have no real power in this outside of military reactions which they are n't going to do . 
  who said anything about ussr ? 
  those were references to the current government . 
  nice deflection . 
  how unusual . 
  do n't you have stalin fan fiction to be writing ? 
  you disagree with everyone here . 
  why bother showing up ? 
  the vast majority of europeans enjoy freedom and the lifestyle it brings . 
  your fantasies are n't going to win anyone over to the glory of mystery murders and disappearing people and state run media and voter turnout of over 100 % . 
  and gets the facts and says they do n't count and keeps asking for proof and answers nothing himself . 
  he is just `` begging the question '' . 
  russia clearly attacking ukraine . 
  there was yet more proof released today of artillery attacks . 
  you have russian citizens from russian fsb and military leading the `` rebels '' . 
  you have dead russian soldiers . 
  satellite pictures of proof of rocket launches in russia . 
  but yeah , just trust russian state media that lied there ass off only months prior when they invaded and stole crimea as the truth and the rest of the world is liars . 
  why is crimea in that picture ? 
  crimea is now with glorious empire . 
  ukraine is doing just fine against russian artillery and special forces . 
  they have almost completely won at this point . 
  this is n't about overthrowing some random government . 
  this is about stopping russia 's invasion . 
  eastern ukraine is beautiful this time of year . 
  i also like to attack armies while mixed in with civilians when i take time off . 
  ah well , i was with the understanding that the people that were cleared out in the eastern regions were moved to new lands in the west . 
  i always understood that the resources and infrastructure were better there so it was a net gain in my mind . 
  poland has such a crazy history of upheaval , it is very fascinating from an outsider 's perspective . 
  i 'm also glad to see poland overall doing well for itself and i expect them to continue to prosper in the coming years . 
  sadly i ca n't say the same from where my family emigrated from . 
  portugal just seems to stagnate for quite awhile now and everyone leaving . 
  the only clear winner in my mind was russia since they gained land . 
  clearly poland did nothing wrong in the war so they ca n't be blamed for a damn thing .
