  that is n't `` income '' tax . 
  no one is forcing them to live in ny either , but i bet they enjoy the income they get from living there . 
  you are talking about someone who is one of the top income earners in the country . 
  many other countries would be taxing them much higher . 
  social security and medicare have nothing to do with income taxes . 
  same goes for state and local in regards to federal . 
  debtor prison ? 
  why not just full blown slavery to save costs ? 
  the top marginal rate does n't even go that high . 
  also , marginal . 
  no way they pay almost half their income in federal income tax . 
  iran does n't fund groups ? 
  well , good job on the deflection , putin . 
  thanks for quick translation . 
  i do n't understand the video . 
  where was that and what did they say ? 
  it is n't scary in the least outside of like only the worst part of certain cities which is really easily avoided . 
  let me get this straight . 
  you live in russia and are scared of the living conditions of the usa ? 
  what makes you say he is a troll ? 
  i am not doubting you by the way . 
  you might as well be black for all that racist cares . 
  what basis you pulling this from ? 
  where was this version of russia when they were murdering dutch civilians ? 
  the guy is going to side with whoever is whiter if you pay attention to the things he says especially on the other european sub . 
  russia literally only left half of europe in the 1990s and you are talking about ottoman empire . 
  there is bias and then there is this crazy shit . 
  you equal nobody . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  you probably want to say everyone wants the usa out of nato as well . 
  armed bombers flying over your head is n't an invasion ? 
  how would russia react to military jets going into the country armed and on purpose ? 
  i know america owns the moon , but now the sun too ? 
  and then what ? 
  internal passports restricting their travel ? 
  they would be able to move anywhere they wanted and like all immigrants would form ghettos because they would be most comfortable around each other . 
  kind of a weird coincidence . 
  that makes zero sense . 
  no big deal . 
  it seemed to be the case . 
  you were itching to fight . 
  enjoy your weekend . 
  i was only asking because i have only seen social democrat used . 
  you mentioned the change . 
  when was he socialist prior ? 
  when did he advocate for communism ? 
  when did he say he was an actual socialist ? 
  it ca n't be not close yet similar . 
  i did read it . 
  none of that had to do with actual policing . 
  also that stuff is done in the usa . 
  the country has had a massive drop in violence from decades past . 
  those people exist in real life . 
  you are in denial . 
  police do not prevent murder . 
  they ca n't be there prior . 
  that is n't even remotely close when it is a third . 
  would you consider us having similar incomes when i make triple you ? 
  you are just saying things you feel with no basis in facts . 
  you do n't care about facts is that last sentence of yours . 
  please show me where in scotland that is like chicago . 
  yeah , because anything in scotland is comparable to life in an inner city like cleveland ? 
  apples and oranges . 
  they absolutely did have a gun . 
  there was also a report of a person with a gun . 
  everyone is armed and dangerous in that situation until proven otherwise . 
  again , there was an investigation that proved they acted justified . 
  also , go fuck yourself before implying i am racist . 
  yeah because scotland totally is similar to policing inside of cleveland . 
  try hiring police officers to work in chicago with zero guns . 
  good luck . 
  you did n't dispute a thing . 
  they only killed him after the person refused to put their hands in the air and reached for their waistband . 
  again , the person had a gun on them . 
  why should a police officer sacrifice their life in a dangerous area to save the life of someone that is threatening them ? 
  bunch of keyboard warriors that criticize people while their lives are never in that kind of danger . 
  once again , there was an investigation and they acted with complete justification and did n't do anything improper . 
  orcs ? 
  i would settle for a backbone . 
  the country is a laughingstock currently with merkel . 
  that heir will probably kill you though . 
  depends on if you care about your kingdom after your death . 
  so those countries that house the cartels are innocent ? 
  is there anything that is n't the fault of the usa ? 
  all ck2 taught me is that you are never safe until you murder your entire family before they murder you . 
  you know what else is easier to prevent deaths ? 
  not threatening people with guns , real or fake . 
  sorry , but if i am a police officer , my first priority every day is making sure i click out the same number of times i clock in . 
  my life is more important than the lives of the idiots roaming the streets and endangering others . 
  completely gutless . 
  i ca n't believe this is the same country that has the history of prussia . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  i am sorry , but children kill people with guns . 
  there is no age that makes you harmless if you have a gun in your hand . 
  walking around with a replica gun that is altered to look real is fucking suicidal . 
  it is beyond stupid to do that . 
  zero excuse and i do n't blame the people that could have been killed . 
  easy for you to blame them while you sit there safe . 
  i do n't think you realize that it is like a war between police and inner cities versus how police act in nicer places . 
  you should n't fake having a real gun if you want to stay above ground .
