  does n't change that police performed poorly . 
  you do n't beat people . 
  shields would have worked and are safer for all involved . 
  i do n't know what that means to be honest . 
  all those words seem to counter each other and just leave me confused . 
  yes i know loopholes are numerous , but that just makes the cuts worse . 
  it is a lot easier to fix rates than to attack all the stupid breaks . 
  anytime gop says lower rates and erase loopholes , the rates drop and the loopholes are too popular to get rid of . 
  the system sucks . 
  income gap keeps increasing and that cut made it worse . 
  i just want a healthy middle class . 
  i 'm not spouting marx or anything . 
  i 'm jealous of some of the things that exist in countries outside of the usa , but i ca n't do a damn thing about it . 
  they were n't doing anything . 
  you do n't assault people for disobeying orders . 
  they were n't violent . 
  call for back up and equipment instead of beating people ? 
  your idea of how to treat citizens is disturbing . 
  beating people who are nonviolent is fucked up . 
  it also makes people snap and turn violent which endangers more people . 
  it is stupid under any situation . 
  never . 
  spain ca n't even keep their own country together . 
  their ideas of listening to their people and democracy is a joke . 
  most portuguese would never voluntarily join spain . 
  the first union was a disaster . 
  maybe show up prepared with nonviolent shields because again that is the best equipment for crowd control ? 
  come prepared instead of beating people and the cops being the violent ones . 
  you are literally defending police violence . 
  the punishment for protesting is n't getting assaulted . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  the massive giveaway i reference was the tax cuts , not financial bailouts . 
  i thought the bailouts were disgusting in principle but at least the government was paid back and the economy did n't crash . 
  i hate that there was n't regulation passed afterwards though . 
  i miss the 1990s . 
  it was the closest i have to bipartisanship . 
  i agree with lots of your opinions or at least am close enough . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  it is why i stick around here . 
  i usually end up just getting berated and downvoted and told to leave even if my comment is something controversial like the sky is blue due to the flag next to my name . 
  yes and no one would ever die in war if there was world peace . 
  that was a pointless statement by you . 
  you show up to crowds prepared . 
  the solution is n't beating people with sticks . 
  the fact that you defend beating nonviolent people is a horrid opinion . 
  that 's a joke right ? 
  portugal is n't joining spain . 
  because it is more effective and safer for everyone . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  it is a solid plastic wall . 
  it is stupid to not use the safest tactics for everyone . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i was agreeing with you and adding to it . 
  sorry for not making my message clearer . 
  i do n't like russian actions by their government , but you are absolutely right that russia has the right to arm itself and have a modern military . 
  it would be stupid for russia not to have a modern military . 
  you never know what can happen . 
  i admit i hate the actions that russia has been doing , but treating russia and especially the russian people like they are animals is crazy and wrong . 
  protests do n't work unless they are noticed . 
  shields are n't only for taking blows . 
  in fact they are rarely used for that . 
  most often they are used to corral people through lines like a phalanx . 
  they are excellent for crowd control , they are n't a punch me sign . 
  ukraine has a shared language and culture . 
  when ukrainians tell me they are n't russian , i 'm going to take them on their word . 
  the languages are different . 
  it is n't a couple guys with a dialect . 
  you say the ottomans are good at keeping people together through persecution . 
  what the hell do you think russia was doing through ethnic cleansing , trying to erase the language , and the massive genocide that wiped out such a huge portion of their population ? 
  russia ca n't just force ukraine into belonging to russia against their will just like he ca n't to the baltics and other republics . 
  same went for warsaw pact . 
  russia tries to keep allies through force . 
  that is n't how shit works . 
  people snap eventually . 
  people prefer carrots over sticks . 
  i never claimed bush should have `` fixed '' the economy . 
  that was his claim on what he would do . 
  i knew that was bullshit , all it did was turn into a massive giveaway to the rich and increase the debt for no benefit . 
  it was horrible for the economy because it accomplished nothing except increase the disparity between rich and everyone else in regards to wealth . 
  the banking stuff was a necessary evil that disgusts me . 
  i do n't blame gop for that . 
  it is absolutely both parties and al gore would n't have changed that . 
  you keep doing it by the way . 
  i told you about the isis thing and you are doing it with the election stuff . 
  i think i know what i think a bit better than you . 
  i am allowed to complain about the corruption that installed bush in office and think other things are fucked up too . 
  i have room in my mind to be offended over multiple things . 
  i hate the electoral college system and gerrymandering being political is disgraceful . 
  sorry , but no , those old white people that discriminate are not allowed to fuck over `` other '' groups . 
  it is just hateful identity politics . 
  gays and other groups have no affect on these people . 
  the gop just feeds fear and hate for votes and it is disgusting . 
  this is not coming from a sjw either . 
  i gag at even being associated with that group of idiots . 
  obamacare helped a lot of things . 
  more people purchasing insurance is a good thing . 
  not allowing preexisting conditions was amazing , because it was a joke that it existed in the first place . 
  forcing companies to spend on healthcare at a certain percentage versus profits and admin was good too . 
  i prefer attempts at improvements to the `` democrats suck and do nothing '' plan . 
  i know gop is trying to make the country more right wing by pushing so hard to the right .
