  they even have bombers that can drop nukes , but that is more risky . 
  nowadays they are mostly used for dick waving by violating nato/eu airspace . 
  russia ca n't do shit . 
  if they did that , they would only be guaranteeing their own destruction . 
  you do n't earn `` respect '' through nukes . 
  you earn it by giving respect to your neighbors . 
  that is why countries run from russia at first opportunity into the arms of usa and eu and nato . 
  no need to apologize , i said it made me laugh more than anything . 
  tactical nukes are small bombs . 
  they can even be artillery . 
  it is easy to deliver them from anywhere through the use of planes or subs . 
  i also agree they are n't mutually exclusive . 
  but if one comes first , i would want bases . 
  i do n't want any eastern european country to look like an easy target that could be swarmed and and annexed a la crimea . 
  russia is fucking crazy with their delusional thinking . 
  they could think a quick strike to baltic countries and then threaten nukes in retaliation if anyone tries to liberate the country . 
  they only respect strength . 
  show it to them . 
  look how awful usa allies have it . 
  it sucks being the richest countries on earth . 
  usa is so oppressive . 
  usa is not the one invading and annexing land in europe . 
  you are a crazy religious extremist . 
  guess what , russia does n't give a shit about greece . 
  they only care about taking over and oppressing their neighbors as king of the slavs . 
  they have zero issues invading orthodox countries next to them . 
  that somehow is a scarier image of isis than the one shown in their own promotional videos . 
  apparently their recruiters in london have n't made enough inroads with marketing grads . 
  not sure if you are referencing serbia or russia . 
  not trying to be a smart ass in the least , but what the hell is with the polish hate ? 
  being afraid to build bases in your own borders sure makes it look impotent . 
  no one really cares about the opinions of countries that ca n't field their own armies . 
  the only thing italy is going up against with their navy is africans on jet skis . 
  this man considers telemarketers the same as people beheading children . 
  i dread being the person selling him an extended warranty at checkout . 
  looking at their living conditions , it was delusional to ever consider them great in the first place . 
  thanks for treating me like an idiot . 
  got a laugh from me . 
  how is the shield knocking out tactical nukes when they can be launched from anywhere and direct from battlefield ? 
  i also do n't think that a shield beats a legit nato base . 
  a base should come first . 
  that shows real commitment . 
  abusing what statistics ? 
  are you implying russian healthcare is the wonder of the world ? 
  usa is not arming extremists . 
  you are right , russia is a very progressive country . 
  russia is almost completely white as well . 
  i could only imagine what they would do worth black people when they ca n't even get along with other slavs without turning into nationalists . 
  russia is literally invading yet another eastern european country again and you think usa is the one that had issues respecting other countries ? 
  check again to see how many allies usa has . 
  if the warsaw pact existed today , the leader would be usa . 
  how does that make you feel ? 
  powerful russian navy haha , is france having a weekend sale ? 
  feel free to try . 
  give a go at joining the 21st century and civilization too while we are talking about miracles . 
  leader of the warsaw pact 2.0 : russia members of the warsaw pact 2.0 : russia by the way , warsaw is in nato , get a new name like krokodil killers or putin powers . 
  they could invade the baltics and blow up a plane full of dutch on the way there and there would still be people in eu bending over to kiss putin 's ass and say only to worry about real europe . 
  but again they can always outnumber . 
  russia has tons of nukes of every variety . 
  they are also crazy in thinking nukes de escalate . 
  even worse they allow freedom of press and gay homosex . 
  everyone here has a higher standard of living and gets to see what 70 looks like too . 
  they even allow blacks to be in charge . 
  run, 
  implying there is any `` surprise '' from that . 
  well at least i can appreciate american style propaganda . 
  that says more about the sad state of affairs of spain , ireland , etc. 
  than anything positive about austria . 
  everyone in eu passes the buck except for greece , poland , and france , with uk leading the way . 
  i always laugh when people complain about usa imperialism and suggest a eu `` defense force '' . 
  all that would happen is you have a bunch of cheapskates fucking over uk and france instead of usa . 
  eu military forces by and large are the friends that always forget their wallet when you go out to eat . 
  if a poorer country like greece can spend the money , so can everyone else . 
  then the people say military money is wasted . 
  easy to be said when you have other taxpayers taking care of it for you . 
  haha , i think i might pass . 
  i prefer american style invasions involving movies and music versus unidentified green men roaming europe on vacation . 
  go put some missile shields up and they just make sure to aim more towards you . 
  problem solved . 
  i currently live in a place where i 'm guaranteed to be in a blast . 
  i know if the nukes fly i 'm a goner . 
  there are no amounts of shields that will save anyone from russia . 
  swiss has been neutral for centuries , but austria has no military to speak of . 
  the only reason they are able to do this is because of nato protecting eu . 
  what happens if everyone in nato decides the next guy has it covered ? 
  same thing with neutrality . 
  it only works because it depends on others taking action . 
  you can try to convince me how noble neutral relations is when you stand by watching genocide happen in europe in the 1990s . 
  i am willing to listen . 
  how dare countries decide their own foreign policy . 
  when you meet one asshole during your day , he is an asshole . 
  when everyone around you is an asshole , you are the asshole . 
  i would rather you have legit bases than some pointless missiles . 
  those missiles would n't stop russia with thousands of nukes . 
  their soccer team could have fooled me . 
  yeah , the russians invading ukraine right now exist for the purposes of money laundering . 
  except one used elections after and the other is a proxy for russian annexation . 
  neutrality endorses the aggressive nation . 
  yeah not wanting to play along with russian lies and whataboutism makes people children . 
  you are the superior and wise minority along with the daily created russian accounts on / r/worldnews .
