  i somewhat disagree with your negative views of multiculturalism . 
  why do people need to abandon cultures ? 
  usa is full of various cultures from all over the world and usa is fine . 
  i happen to think it is great that you can find people here from all over the world . 
  my family emigrated here . 
  i was born here , but english is n't my first language . 
  no one here thinks i 'm not american because of it . 
  i also know people are racist towards gypsies . 
  they sure as shit do n't get breaks for being gypsies either . 
  that is like saying blacks in usa catch breaks for being black . 
  their lives are harder more than anything . 
  i 'm glad i do n't have to deal with that shit . 
  me acknowledging that racism exists does n't make me de facto racist . 
  i agree somewhat with the things you are saying , but you take them and run with them to an extreme position that ends up with a result that comes off looking absurd to me . 
  blacks do n't tend to vote so they tend to hurt themselves . 
  this is why old rich white people get the most attention in usa . 
  they donate the most money and they vote the most . 
  the mayor is white also . 
  the hiring policies of any town are usually set by the local government and agreed to with the union in charge of that department . 
  affirmative action type stuff is kind of a touchy subject in usa in general . 
  there is nothing uniform about police in usa . 
  plenty of towns do n't even have local police if the people do n't feel like paying taxes to pay for a department . 
  this happens even more often for fire fighters . 
  most of usa has volunteers for fire protection . 
  no problem , i never mind answering questions . 
  wait , but , gypsies are discriminated against . 
  i do n't think anyone disputes that . 
  i do n't really care what anyone says in particular on a personal level . 
  it does n't change that some countries are allies to a country and some are n't . 
  if north korea attacks south korea , you can call it racist all you want , but usa is defending them . 
  usa promises to protect them and they are going to war alongside south koreans and any other countries they can convince to come along . 
  it is n't related to ethnicity/race . 
  yes it was bad . 
  that does n't mean it is a national or even international issue . 
  it is n't like usa has federal police departments that take care of civilians . 
  there are bad police departments and good ones and bad individual police and good ones . 
  this department is a train wreck . 
  everything they did just made it worse time after time . 
  there were people getting killed during the time of protests over people getting killed . 
  the chief was `` too busy '' for months to even apologize for anything or acknowledge any problems . 
  he definitely is n't resigning . 
  they still have n't even said what happened that day that i know of . 
  there were police literally threatening to kill people because they were annoyed on video during protests . 
  there were police using loaded rifles as something to point with including people during protests . 
  they were also rolling around in equipment they obviously were n't trained in that would fit right in with marines in baghdad during occupation . 
  i wish the whole department was shut down at this point . 
  there is also statistics from arrest records that pretty much prove they are racist as well either on purpose or through internal bias and the department is almost completely uniform white in a majority black town . 
  i have trouble saying anything positive about the situation other than it is a random little town that no one gives a shit about . 
  double edged sword of the town does n't matter and lots of bad things can happen where no one notices . 
  wait , what ? 
  you think responding to an ally and defending them when asked is racist ? 
  ah , went right over my head . 
  now it is `` look at ferguson before you say anything about russia '' instead . 
  `` are '' lynching ? 
  need some help on your past versus present tense ? 
  well , fair enough . 
  you really think rural life is that different in different countries though ? 
  come on . 
  slavs squatting is just a bunch of guys joking around . 
  no , 300k . 
  you ca n't lie about a nuke . 
  who else would do it ? 
  france ? 
  i would say the uk won the cold war regardless . 
  what is a russian supposed to do ? 
  thankfully the crooks are only in london and not in russian business or government . 
  that is very cultured of you . 
  bush was an equal opportunity disaster . 
  how is the eu losing anything ? 
  not if oil drops as well compared to the dollar . 
  they also import lots of goods . 
  uk is still a great country . 
  occupy was a joke . 
  it was done in by the people inside of it and the awful media coverage of it . 
  that leadership was horrendous . 
  yes because african colonies were treated the same as usa right ? 
  setting up awful borders and planting infrastructure that exists to use the people as slaves often involving violence of ridiculous proportions whole extracting as many resources as possible for close to nothing has no ill effects . 
  and let 's be serious . 
  rule the world ? 
  the eu is the biggest economy in the world . 
  if you combined eu with the benevolent colonies that uk had that economic might completely overshadows the rest of the planet . 
  this is the same sub that rails against american imperialism on an almost daily basis . 
  this thread is irony overload . 
  i never suggested open borders . 
  that is a far leap from saying do n't let people die at your doorstep while having people here saying that europeans are better than the rest of the planet by virtue of birth and definitely do n't have any negative effects on any other areas of the planet . 
  the delusional fuck everybody i got mine and racism is disgusting that is found in this thread . 
  you really think usa of all places does n't deal with immigrants ? 
  usa does a far better job of how they are treated than letting people drown on their shores to save money . 
  if usa pulled that the people in this sub would be jerking so hard about how right wing and disgusting america is . 
  i am told countless times how usa has a failed government that is overly violent towards people and there are no social safety nets for people . 
  only because certain countries take relatively none which forces a relatively high amount on others . 
  the current situation is ridiculous for multiple reasons . 
  not having open borders is n't the same thing as letting people drown on your shore . 
  i do n't suggest open borders either . 
  that would be a disaster in my opinion . 
  i do think the currant situation is a joke though . 
  eu should come up with a common policy on the situation because it is n't right for everything to fall on countries like sweden and norway and for an open border union to force only southern countries to deal with border situation . 
  which is why the police failed . 
  amateurs and brutal to boot . 
  video .
