  i 'd say the fundamentals of an ever growing us economy are doing just fine . 
  by the way , economies drop sometimes . 
  that does n't equate to the world ending . 
  same goes for stock markets . 
  equating 2008 with the biggest economy in the world going bankrupt is a level of absurdity i ca n't even fathom . 
  ha , that was quite the wild ride of a comment start to finish . 
  i 'm fully aware of governors being more than thrilled to turn down federal money to help the poor people in their states especially when the ones that pull this stuff are the ones that have the most people in need of it . 
  kind of sad that i ca n't even begin to narrow your state down due to how many politicians pulled that maneuver and refused to help their citizens by setting up markets that are run by the state and instead volunteered to have more federal government control of their state . 
  also , there 's absolutely nothing wrong with individual people from the south . 
  i 'm talking about the politicians and the people who end up voting them in . 
  usa also would n't be usa without the south . 
  i 'd probably look the other way though if someone rounded up the rise again people and shipped them to a certain base in cuba . 
  if i could though , porsche.com would be my homepage . 
  you say that like laziness is a bad thing . 
  i doubt a young teenager is so jaded that that website would n't work for them . 
  i got comments confused and i did n't mean to put words in your mouth . 
  i still disagree with your premise however . 
  the usa continues to grow and has zero trouble paying any of the debt and is the most sought after security in the world . 
  paying debt for the sake of paying debt is n't beneficial . 
  the us economy functions pretty well considering there is a global crisis that has lasted for over half a decade . 
  eu still feels the effects of it all while usa barely had a slump . 
  sorry , but crying wolf with doomsday predictions does n't carry any weight . 
  there are no facts to back up any of these assertions and there never have been . 
  it comes off like the buy gold fools that are always screaming about a massive global financial collapse . 
  if somehow the usa economy collapses , the last thing you need to worry about is usa debt levels . 
  the world would be in absolute shambles . 
  the usa has the most secure economy/government in the world bar none . 
  as if people would want to trade in currency that is controlled by the chinese government . 
  good luck with that one . 
  there is much more trade done with the euro instead as an alternative to the us dollar . 
  while growing even through a world crisis . 
  fiat !, 
  it is worthless paper . 
  governments should be run like my household bills , not like an economy that involved trillions of dollars . 
  it is very simple even a layman can do it . 
   think seems like a great success so far . 
  never before seen ? 
  the debt levels are similar to countries in the eu . 
  great grasp of the situation . 
  only shocked at how horribly it was handled by europe and how they still feel the effects over half a decade later while usa continued to grow . 
  awesome facts . 
  usa 's economy just keeps growing regardless . 
  let me know when you can actually use real figures to prop up your faulty premise . 
  everything dropping in price is due to contracting business and lowered wages . 
  people are saving because there is high unemployment and they worry about having money . 
  saving money out of fear is bad . 
  it leads to a spiral of businesses going under from no demand being unable to continue to cut their prices and costs . 
  all of this leads to government receiving less and less tax revenue . 
  government is forced to either raise tax rates to gain the same revenue which would lower aggregate demand even more by removing disposable income from people or by cutting spending which also take away disposable income . 
  meanwhile their debt is n't going away and the government now has a harder time paying it off as deflation continues . 
  you are telling me countries in the south are n't using austerity ? 
  being forced to only have 3 % regardless of circumstances is n't austerity ? 
  deflationary spirals of demand is n't any way to get out of a recession . 
  how are businesses supposed to hire when people are unemployed and are n't able to spend money ? 
  yes cornered into staying in the borders of the largest country on the planet . 
  european invasions by russia are practically being forced on putin against his will . 
  these ukrainians need to stop killing themselves and being such big nazis . 
  i was speaking in general . 
  i was n't trying to single you out . 
  i can feel myself get a bit dumber every time i hear someone use the term fiat as a genuine insult . 
  how is germany ignoring problems all over eurozone somehow described as unity ? 
  and there are countless laymen who like to make national fiscal matters into a morality play involving ideology and emotion and compare it to household bills . 
  i see economics dismissed on a constant basis by people with zero knowledge on the topic other than what feels right . 
  what makes you think the euro is n't strong ? 
  what makes you think usa has `` funny money '' . 
  austerity flat out is a failed economic model . 
  monetary policy is n't about morality and ideology or at least it should n't be . 
  uk has done better than the eurozone as well . 
  at least a bulldog , no ? 
  those massive bush tax cuts during war time no less were a huge government give away . 
  just a giant welfare region that drags the whole country down like dead weight . 
  it is constantly propped up by federal government all while they complain about high taxes and handouts . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  3x the gdp ? 
  what is next , claiming people from norway are poor compared to chinese because of total gdp ? 
  compare per capita . 
  developed industry ? 
  all they do is sell fuel . 
  they have no industry . 
  they used to be a super power and now they came even build their own military hardware while being the largest country in the world . 
  they do n't care about their own people and yet you say they should be emulated . 
  if they were developed like western countries they would n't need to import their military equipment or food outside of food that obviously ca n't grow there and fish . 
  even basics like dairy products and medicine needs to be imported to them . 
  they are a failed state . 
  seriously , who the hell brags about russian auto industry ?!, 
  if russia exported their cars to other countries i would consider it a war crime . 
  haha , if you looked at any of my comments in / r/europe you would see i am complimentary of poland to a fault . 
  this includes while talking to him . 
  i said caricature as in i did n't believe it . 
  you are right about me spending too much time trying to reason with him . 
  i never said i had the impression he speaks for all of poland though . 
  i was just blown away that someone from poland is upset that they are n't close enough to russia and are jealous of how well russia is doing . 
  they are making themselves poorer with this lunacy . 
  he is a macedonian !, 
  he is n't the typical trash from forog that steals land and culture . 
  i can always depend on serbia . 
  western evil europeans . 
  please do n't give fyrom anymore ideas . 
  he had no problem incinerating evidence , that much is true at least . 
  if you say so .
