  i think i remember the last time muslims came to spain . 
  you know most of the oil price in europe is due to taxes right ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  it is just abbreviation of the long name . 
  to be fair though , that was the literal capital of prussia . 
  is it accurate or not or are you just in it for the smug snark ? 
  good call . 
  what a completely ignorant statement . 
  the brigade is coming from inside the house . 
  military is n't just about counting heads you know . 
  german military is barely functional with much of it mothballed and in need of repairs . 
  i know what i said when i said agreed to guidelines . 
  agreed to means agreed to . 
  everyone went along with it and some countries skirt it . 
  i never said it was mandatory but it is a bit much when rich countries somehow ca n't afford their guidelines . 
  germany is n't greece . 
  sure but that is a lot harder to pull off versus leftovers from military and civil war . 
  but new ones would be produced legally . 
  laws written by people that know nothing about them and hate them in general . 
  but guns are used in crime while drugs are n't and are constantly being produced/grown . 
  i think guns are easier to handle versus drugs , but obviously neither is an easy task . 
  i am joking , but the state as a whole is a lot more restrictive compared to the rest of the country . 
  this is especially the case with their more recent laws . 
  except ny is a communist enclave inside of the usa when it comes to gun laws . 
  life is much easier pretty much anywhere else not named jersey or california . 
  all the more reason to rebel against that government in the first place . 
  german allies constantly ask germany to increase spending . 
  and those comments come from the winners of the war . 
  it is germany that does n't want to spend according to the guidelines that it agreed to . 
  but somehow coal is ok ? 
  i am sure there is a way when there is a will . 
  then what are they interested in doing ? 
  but it is n't only for a literal invasion by army . 
  it helps to prevent basic violent criminal behavior in general . 
  there is plenty of violence that can happen in a poor country that does n't involve invading armies . 
  police are n't going to protect you when someone is already inside your house or breaking into it . 
  you could staff them with mini jobs on the cheap . 
  i would say any limitations on germany is their own doing in its current form . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i thanked you though for catching it . 
  my autocorrect apparently loves dieing over during . 
  but that is n't my point . 
  my point is why not just have them be legal in the first place but outlaw criminal use if people own so many in the first place ? 
  thanks . 
  recently ? 
  we are talking decades . 
  i see . 
  where i live you can own firearms for free so there is n't really a reason to buy things illegally unless you are a criminal or paranoid . 
  you only need to pay for a license to carry concealed every five years or a hunting license every year . 
  if you just wanted to use a gun at a range or never take it out of your home your guns are completely free to own . 
  if people love guns so much i would just assume the people would pass laws that make them not illegal so they could do what they normally do in the open . 
  i do n't see the harm in owning guns and do n't see why that alone should be illegal . 
  obviously doing crimes with them changes everything . 
  but someone has to be selling them . 
  there are ways to both trace and catch them . 
  the simplest being catching criminals during criminal activity and confiscating during property searches . 
  is it just a lack of police that causes this ? 
  that is my favorite part of that whole bit . 
  so now what ? 
  mccain is being painted as a crazy leftist ? 
  even sarah palin could n't be as bad as putin . 
  that last one might be possible if they are playing dota . 
  what makes you think that the usa does n't get criticized ? 
  go look at that airport that was shelled for months and tell me more about how ukraine was not wrecked by russian forces for committing the crime of wanting more trade with the eu . 
  russia treats `` friends '' like slaves . 
  serbia would still have kosovo if they were n't committing genocide . 
  they have themselves to blame . 
  i never denied they lived there , but that does n't mean there were n't many georgians living there . 
  also there is no reason for the country to be broken and annexed other than russian land grabs . 
  respecting borders and treaties for serbia ? 
  is there a reason you are openly ignoring blatant war crimes inside of europe ? 
  how many massive graves did you forget about while defending serbia ? 
  how would you possibly guarantee the safety of muslims inside of serbia after seeing what was happening ? 
  that has zero correlation with ukraine . 
  there is no russian genocide anywhere . 
  wrong . 
  right off the bat , russian forces occupied crimea . 
  russian forces by the thousands are estimated dead already in eastern ukraine . 
  it does not compare in the least . 
  complete joke reading that rationalization . 
  why so bad ? 
  because you respect borders and treaties , that is why so bad . 
  you are defending the same actions that caused world wars . 
  georgia had a majority georgian population at the end of ussr everywhere before ethnic cleansing . 
  it is ridiculous how many breakaway countries russia creates with their nonstop quest to constantly take more land and grow before collapsing over and over again . 
  excuse me , a few paid cuban rebels is not the same as a full fledged american invasion . 
  also , the usa is not forced into trading with cuba and certainly is not responsible for anyone that dies there . 
  libya was championed by eu , so lol at telling me that is the usa to blame . 
  usa was dragged into it because the eu ca n't follow through on their own with their military . 
  iraq is actually free now with a democracy and they are not a puppet . 
  do puppets normally tell their master to tale their military and leave ? 
  usa withdrew when asked . 
  how does any of that relate to actual annexation and occupation that russia does in europe ? 
  there is no reason a country would cease to exist just because of nukes . 
  even nuked cities have survivors . 
  really ? 
  when did estonia commit genocide on russians ? 
  nuclear does n't destroy every last person . 
  the country would still exist and remember . 
  we saw what happens from an invasion , a poor country gets wrecked by russia and does n't get rich overnight .
