  i saw nuland handing out bread one day . 
  i am impressed by your restraint that you have n't gone with the nuclear option by storming moscow with full blown baguettes . 
  well , when 1991 was collectively mind wiped from their memory it is kind of hard to learn from the lessons of it . 
  the vast majority only draw from it that evil usa created mafia thugs in russia in the last 25 years . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  well i can somewhat agree with your points . 
  there is a wide range of media from all over the world . 
  usa is n't banning foreign companies or enforcing censorship or any of that nonsense . 
  they do n't have state controlled media . 
  the only state media i can think of is npr and actually that media is pretty good . 
  any media that is stupid enough to censor itself is allowing itself to get scooped by competition from all over the world and also to get bashed for it to top it off . 
  yeah and that is a failure of the media itself . 
  plenty of criticism was coming direct from inside of usa . 
  there were people all over the country that were calling out the use of 9-11 to mask any criticism of any topic for the years following the attack . 
  i am under no impression that usa is perfect . 
  far from it . 
  it is also light years ahead of russia . 
  it is n't a binary situation and that goes with any country . 
  everything is a sliding scale . 
  that is just southern european time . 
  you need to adjust for time zones . 
  i 'm not going to dispute resumes over the internet . 
  usa has run deficits almost every single year and has had debt i think almost every single year but one going back to pre industrial times . 
  it has not slowed down the economy and usa is more than capable of servicing debt as evidenced by low yield and how desirable us securities are . 
  return on investment is far more important than balanced spending at all costs . 
  there was an article posted in this thread that pointed out that there are other plot points besides 60 % / 3 % that are sustainable and viable . 
  acting like those are perfect numbers because they exist on a treaty is ridiculous . 
  there were laws in place that prevented women from voting at one point . 
  laws and treaties are n't inherently superior to other alternatives just because they are the current agreed upon situation . 
  http://www.forbes.com/fdc/welcome_mjx.shtml tell me more about what that `` equality '' gets you . 
  jealousy and forced equality does n't equal better lives for the poor . 
  it is also ridiculous to compare small countries and say they are better than usa . 
  let me compare the rich states of usa and we 'll see how easy it is to doctor stats and comparisons . 
  who cares about comparing the performance of 5 million versus over 300 million ? 
  no mention of censorship ? 
  just what do you think freedom of press means ? 
  every thread has topics . 
  there is no point in threads if they just devolve into tangents of every single event that has ever happened in world history by any country past or present in the world . 
  you will never see me criticizing people talking about usa in a usa thread . 
  edit : i read your link . 
  that is n't censorship . 
  that is shitty reporting by nyt . 
  they should have grown some balls and stick to guns . 
  the usa government gets criticized by usa press on a constant basis . 
  thank you . 
  do you think turkish government is really going to care . 
  at the end of the day what changes ? 
  venezuela of all things won . 
  that is a total failure of a country and turkey is leaps and bounds a better country than them . 
  turkey 's interests are protected regardless by usa/uk/france in un . 
  they all have permanent vetoes . 
  that article talking about russia getting a clear ally from venezuela is laughable . 
  only the permanent five matter in that joke of an institution . 
  what did i lie about ? 
  how are things in ukraine by the way ? 
  the topic is russia . 
  china is the biggest proponent of censorship and propaganda . 
  my topic was very relevant . 
  neither usa nor israel are proponents of censorship . 
  feel free to start a thread about usa if you want . 
  i do n't mean this as an insult in the least . 
  i 'm a bit ignorant to un proceedings . 
  how the hell is nz , spain , and turkey somehow grouped together in any fashion and forced to compete with each other ? 
  it is n't fair to expect serbia to commit economic suicide in order to join eu . 
  i agree with you . 
  until it is in eu it has to survive somehow . 
  it is n't like serbia is sitting on underground money . 
  i 'm not even being sarcastic , but this always gets a little chuckle out of me . 
  it is cheap and effective . 
  it is even easier when wages are far lower than the rest of europe . 
  china does the same thing . 
  it is n't surprising that the countries that despise freedom of press are the biggest proponents of propaganda through every avenue combined with censorship . 
  comments are the worst . 
  what is the difference about after taxes ? 
  pre taxes favors eu since there is higher taxation in eu . 
  that is great about one metric . 
  one metric does n't define third world countries . 
  usa has very high living standards . 
  using your definition eu is closer to a third world country since it has lower wages . 
  that is a ridiculous statement since neither are third world countries or even close . 
  you are speaking either from extreme bias or absurd ignorance . 
  again i am comparing pre tax income to pre tax income so that it is most fair to eu since i at least am trying to be objective instead of being an anti usa ideologue that is searching for justifications to throw around third world insults . 
  all debt is bad . 
  very nuanced . 
  i can only assume you have a phd in economics . 
  good . 
  none of them go into action unless russia pulls some shady shit in nato . 
  no one tells russia how to defend itself . 
  i am just waiting for putin to start referring to germany as nazi as well at this point . 
  average wages before taxes are higher too . 
  this idea you have that usa is a third world country is beyond bizarre . 
  it is still below .4 and average pay is significantly higher than eu . 
  i do n't understand what you are saying about bookkeeping . 
  they were doomed from the start . 
  they only have bad choices . 
  isis . 
  oh i did n't know brazil was n't using it . 
  not really sure what it matters anyway . 
  they barely manage to maintain speaking portuguese on tv anyway without breaking out into english .
