  do you know how globes work ? 
  canada borders russia just like usa does . 
  because germany does n't spy ? 
  good luck on decreasing spying by antagonizing usa . 
  the only europe that matters begins and ends at german borders . 
  germany did n't create the crisis but they hinder the recovery . 
  `` goals '' of nato have nothing to do with economic matters . 
  you are conflating nato and eu . 
  nato is strictly a military alliance for self defense . 
  and yes , sometimes self defense entails things like stopping instability and genocide inside of europe . 
  what makes you think germany would n't have been nuked if they did n't surrender ? 
  allies had zero qualms about carpet bombing entire cities in germany until they were a flaming crater . 
  yes , i am sure the people in portugal are really crying over the state of the german economy . 
  please continue to avoid your obligations while being one of the richest countries in the world and referencing things from decades ago as if it has anything to do with the here and now . 
  usa required 9-11 in order for military personnel to be placed at infrastructure . 
  this reaction is far more extreme . 
  not every country has to be one ethnicity . 
  seriously , all these people opposing the self determination of countries to seize land is annoying as fuck . 
  no one ever asks or cares how the russians feel about this . 
  annexations are democratically supported in moscow so it is perfectly fine . 
  people give negative fucks about somalia . 
  they did n't want americans there in the first place and it was n't done with a proper size force because of it . 
  isis is getting attacked from every corner now by regional forces with western air support blowing up anyone that pops their head up . 
  completely different situation . 
   might, 
  i never said why i was angry at watching it . 
  i happen to share your opinions . 
  i spent only a minute watching and already knew what to expect and bounced out of there . 
  in the usa we have these kinds of stories to feed into stereotypes of welfare abuse with single mothers that have 5 kids and do n't work and i suppose they live like queens or some nonsense . 
  all designed to make middle class people scream `` mah taxes !!! '', 
  and hate poor people . 
  yes , i understand that sentiment as well . 
  i was n't trying to go against you . 
  i was saying there are legitimate reasons to limit immigration . 
  this video just gets me angry watching this trash in action . 
  i understand your sentiment . 
  my family is immigrants as well . 
  i think the argument is that they are concerned with the standard of living lowering due to an influx of people . 
  there has to be a delicate balancing act . 
  you argue with someone who does n't believe russia invaded eastern ukraine . 
  nah more like 1776 . 
  freedom does n't sleep . 
   yes the $ 5 billion dollars the us government spent in ngo 's in ukraine over the last decade which resulted in two coups of russian/eastern backed leaders is not trying to take russia down . 
  ukrainians just ca n't think for their own . 
  maiden was totally fake and had nothing to do with how corrupt the president was and his openly lying about his promises at the last minute because he was nothing but a puppet . 
  russia totally does n't try to influence ukraine themselves either . 
  elections also apparently do n't mean anything , just cia brainwashing of tens of millions of people . 
  it is this kind of thinking that makes ukrainians hate russia along with the rest of eastern europe hating russia . 
  nothing but self satisfied thugs . 
  you flat out said ukrainians ca n't think for themselves and usa forces them to do things . 
  the only things i saw forced was russia forcing multiple invasions of ukraine this year . 
  somehow in your head aid sent to ukraine equals russia in danger and will not exist . 
  must invade europe now !, 
  why does everyone hate me ?!, 
  damn you , usa !!!, 
  i did nothing wrong . 
  great counterpoint as usual on your part . 
  you just keep throwing insults and saying anything russia does is justified because they are paranoid thugs . 
  everything in the middle east is all the same to me . 
  no more wars for oil !, 
  that 's true . 
  when people are attacked , they should n't defend themselves for humanitarian reasons since the attackers might get hurt . 
  yes , because the west made isis . 
  assad is in power and isis exists there . 
  what makes saddam so amazing ? 
  you are n't actually concerned about the people in that region . 
  the people in that region do n't want saddam and the rebellions all over that region were n't started by the west . 
  that goes for syria as well . 
  if i was ukrainian i would just be a stupid subhuman brainwashed by cia into hating russia . 
  i should naturally love the invaders , correct ? 
  russia 's biggest enemy is their own government . 
  they are a failed glorified petrostate run by a brutal dictator . 
  look at all these countries that jumped to eu and their economy and quality of life dramatically improved and they are now in the safety of nato . 
  what a fucking conspiracy that these citizens would want such crazy things . 
  but we must not hurt the egos of the mongols from the east . 
  they still think they are a super power and we do n't want any of them to get tears in their vodka if reality hit them . 
  no one gives a shit about russia other than them invading other countries . 
  please , go on , clue me in on how russia is defending itself by constantly invading the air space of all their neighbors . 
  the rest of the world is more than happy to leave russians to their own devices inside of their own borders and letting the whole place rot while the rest of the world moves on without them . 
  uh , no i 'm fully aware of it . 
  so all russia and ukraine have to do is iron out details that they add duties to eu imported goods . 
  or , you know , invasions . 
  russia has a hammer , so everything is a nail . 
  problems with trade deals ? 
  better carve up ukraine !, 
  what other things do you want to justify ? 
  is russia defending itself by constantly invading the air space of other countries as well ? 
  or abducting people in other countries ? 
  self defense ? 
  russia fearing for their very existence ? 
  go tell the ukrainians in / r/europe how they have been brainwashed by cia into hating the country that invaded them for daring to want to trade with eu which russia does in massive quantities . 
  good fucking lord . 
  i really hope you are russian . 
  giving money to ukraine is an attack on russia ? 
  the president was protested because he blatantly lied about his huge promise of improving trade with eu because he is a puppet of putin . 
  how is that an attack . 
  do you understand what that word means ? 
  attack , as in violence and acts of war . 
  ukraine had their candidates that were pro eu killed off . 
  or i should say attempted to be killed off .
