  what are you talking about ? 
  well , they actually can do this . 
  states ca n't circumvent federal laws . 
  there are federal restrictions to firearms . 
  the states can simply add to it . 
  yes , even if new york gave away trillions they would never be able to tell the rest of the country how to operate . 
   paying stay-at-home moms what ? 
  how does this match up with `` right wing '' in any shape or form ? 
  you are using up the world 's finite supply of patience . 
  please ration yourself and leave some for the rest of us . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  important does n't mean perfect . 
  give me a fucking break with does nothing but promote peace . 
  an organization that actively seeks to be above the law and hide child rape while using the money from followers to buy people off . 
  isis can fuck right off , but that does n't mean i have to figuratively suck the vatican 's dick just because it is better than isis . 
  quite the bar we have set . 
  i just do n't think it is relevant to talk about pre civil war usa as if any of it is comparable to the world in the modern day to be honest . 
  the country did n't even have an income tax yet . 
  it was also still a young fledgling country and you could easily not identify with other parts of a big country with the lack of communication that existed at the time . 
  they were delivering messages by horseback . 
  are n't countries supposed to take money from colonies ? 
  usa is doing a shit job then . 
  defense is spread throughout the country . 
  it is easier to get votes that way for the projects . 
  it is n't just a few states . 
  i should have been more clear . 
  i was n't trying to downplay direct payments to citizens . 
  i just meant it was n't the only way . 
  i 'm aware of your points and you are dead on with them . 
  the red states are more red than reality due to things like gerrymandering that keeps the effect of blue votes to an absolutely minimum . 
  they also get a lot more power than they should through mechanisms like montana being equal to california in the senate and electoral college voting . 
  the thing is though that most government benefits go to white people regardless of this image of black welfare queens with a fatherless army of children/tax benefits . 
  also lots of the benefits are n't necessarily welfare . 
  they could just as easily be highway money or building military bases which end up really being a jobs program at the end of the day along with corporate welfare . 
  also , my statement comes from personal experience . 
  the opinions i am criticizing are n't coming from self made billionaires , they come from poor ignorant fucks that think they are better off so long as they have someone beneath them in their mind to kick . 
  haha , can we please not pretend like the vatican is heaven on earth ? 
  i agree with you that there are problems inside of greece . 
  i was simply correcting what you wrote because it was factually incorrect . 
  i 'm not even saying that eu has to become federal europe like a massive uk . 
  i just think the current situation is untenable and i have sympathy with the piigs being in a very shitty position and not even having control of their own currency . 
  that would n't be a simple fix all , but it sure as shit helps . 
  i also do n't think it is unfair to include military expenditures or the fact that nyc exists . 
  i mean germany is a rich country . 
  i compared the extreme end and showed that the extreme with the usa blows it out of the water . 
  also , military expenditures provide jobs just as much as any other industry . 
  go ask the french if they would mind all of their military industry to disappear overnight and see if they would be ok with that . 
  if the usa was n't propping up the shitty south and pumping it full of government benefits and pork it would resemble a third world country . 
  the irony that they tend to hate the government the most and even the poorest there act like they are temporarily disadvantaged one percenters grates on me to no end . 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  but in my opinion , that scale is essentially worthless considering the size of the economies we are talking about . 
  i would n't point to a guy with a water gun while a skyscraper is on fire and say ignore the scale , it is similar to a firetruck . 
  you realize that putting it at a 20 year span you minimize lots of the transfers due to states jumping up and down over that time span . 
  but go ahead and look at ny giving up almost one trillion dollars over twenty years . 
  that blows germany completely out of the water and it is n't even close . 
  this mish mosh of a currency union without fiscal transfers is a guaranteed disaster from the get go . 
  it ca n't work without the other . 
  and do n't think for one second that people in new york have some kind of say in how the state of mississippi is governed . 
  there are n't ny agents running around in mississippi telling them how to run their government . 
  oh and just in case anyone wondered , germany has quadruple the population of ny state . 
  so that disparity is even more ridiculous . 
  somewhat comparable ? 
  you think bi men settle for women or something ? 
  you are forgetting though that there are huge amounts of money transfers into poor states in the usa . 
  it is n't as simple as state debt versus federal . 
  the federal government takes huge amounts of money from people living in rich states and gives them to people in poor states through many different ways . 
  this thread is absolutely hilarious with how ridiculous the comments are . 
  just needs some amerifat comments thrown in for good measure . 
  can you explain the second half of your comment ? 
  nah , i would rather you leave . 
  thanks for the tip though . 
  the people with nostalgia in east germany are deluded . 
  even better when they did n't even live as adults during the time that required a wall to showcase freedom in action . 
  just a thread full of edgy people going dae amerikkka ? 
  jesus , what a shit thread . 
  the real ny is nyc . 
  just ask anyone from nyc . 
  quite the chip on your shoulder . 
  volkswagen is truly cutthroat with their business practices . 
  the military invasion could hardly have gone more perfectly . 
  pretty much like the first round as well . 
  you are claiming that actively wanting someone to be discriminated against is n't anti-that person . 
  yet , i 'm called stupid ? 
  i understand that and agree with you , but i am simply saying that the court only made the issue even more hotly contested . 
  that can just as easily do the same for this until the opposing opinion dies off literally . 
  yeah , and being pro slavery does n't make one racist either . 
  is abortion still a topic ? 
  yes it is . 
  good luck with social conservatives taking a back seat . 
  they were `` joking '' after being called out on it . 
  and yet , it is still legal , so your point is very irrelevant . 
  fucking horrifying is what it is . 
  this also works in boston . 
  why are we trashing him ? 
  i have never had a single issue communicating with him and appreciate his perspective , language included . 
  i am sorry , what city ? 
  i ca n't find it . 
  if you have a quota to hit , i can chip in . 
  france has a long track record of industrial espionage . 
  why are they a shitty source yet countries like the uk or australia are n't ?
