  they also did n't allow their trucks to be inspected except a tiny percentage . 
  they then crashed the border without ukraine permission to provide logistical support to `` rebels '' . 
  they tried to politicize the red cross name which puts those workers in danger in later conflicts if they ca n't be trusted . 
  also , usa does n't have to lie . 
  they have been acting restrained . 
  if usa wanted to go to war with russia which they do not want they already could have had troops on the ground . 
  usa has provided satellite photos . 
  russia literally has soldier funerals . 
  i mean , come on . 
  what more do you need to see how full of shit russia is ? 
  you are letting perfect to be the enemy of the good . 
  most , not all . 
  i find npr in usa to be very good . 
  they do n't care about rating or money . 
  fox news however is just atrocious . 
  no it is n't just `` usa/kiev '' . 
  are you under the impression that estonia had a government official taking pictures with politicians in public and then went into russia as a spy right after ? 
  are you under the impression that red cross is lying about russia making claims in the name of red cross ? 
  kiev being some nazi junta is also not `` opinion '' . 
  there are objective facts that prove this wrong that are public knowledge that require zero opinions on the matter . 
  well i would love pure objective as well . 
  you have to remember though , it is n't usa versus russia . 
  there are multiple sources on usa 's side while russia as usual stands alone for obvious reasons . 
  your wish is perfectly valid but beyond naive . 
  most media just cares about making a buck on the western side . 
  i get beyond frustrated with the media in usa for instance . 
  it is n't always about having the forces , but the will to use them . 
  my mistake for thinking that if it was n't your intention . 
  it came across like that when you had problems believing the varied sources from `` western '' media which in reality is a huge chunk of the world including even asian countries compared to russia 's singular state controlled message . 
  of course not but that opinion of yours is n't unique either as evidenced by german policies . 
  i did n't think the obvious needed to be stated with every comment that we are commenting about ideas and we are n't responsible for our countries . 
  money needs to be funneled into defense regardless of current abilities . 
  research does n't materialize from thin air . 
  it is also the only way to make it fair since expecting estonia to be equal to usa capabilities is absurd . 
  it also shows ability to pay as well . 
  it is the most equitable way to measure the abilities of a country to fund an army . 
  i am not trying to compare the two countries or say usa is perfect . 
  usa and other countries could obviously improve , but to compare to russia is a joke . 
  that country is a complete failure of a state across so many different levels . 
  usa should n't even be mentioned in same sentence not should any eu country . 
  it however never fails that someone is always bringing up usa when the topic is russia . 
  what about usa is the automatic phrase in every thread . 
  they are like the country that keeps money under the mattress out of fear . 
  their ideology is hurting eu economy . 
  i heard if inflation happens it automatically equals weimar republic as well . 
  no worries you save and save and tell the rest of eu how to run their countries for your benefit while other countries pay for your protection . 
  so how else would you judge fairness of contributions between countries and prevent freeloading which blatantly is occurring now and has been the case for ages ? 
  do they also scream about chem trails ? 
  at least germans are n't concerned about our kenyan born president . 
  yes and the rest of russian government is so straight and narrow including the man up top . 
  this is n't selective at all . 
  so i can pay taxes for people to have in ground pools and perfectly manicured lawns and air conditioning at comfortable ice box levels all through the summer ? 
  i think not . 
  really ? 
  so water companies have to operate for free ? 
  you think sanitation and sewage happens through magic and labor and materials cost nothing ? 
  what other rights do other people have to provide their labor and materials for free to provide you ? 
  ooooh sick burn !, 
  next move , gaining reading comprehension . 
  you ca n't even understand a basic sentence . 
  does n't mean people should be entitled to free utilities . 
  you are free to stand outside with your mouth open when it rains though . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i see no comments . 
  yes but he is n't being punished for ukraine . 
  more could easily be done . 
  meanwhile they carve up ukraine and they have done nothing wrong . 
  i do n't want war either . 
  i want hard sanctions that cripple russia . 
  germany has the most influence there out of all the countries eu and usa nato combined . 
  it could be argued they are rich enough to do both instead of freeloading and only acting assertive when it comes to manipulating eu fiscal policy in their favor . 
  interesting . 
  because ukraine sure was an ally when it was stated they would join nato in future and when making eu deals . 
  easy to drop them when german gdp is on the line as an easy sacrifice for `` relations '' . 
  germany flat out said nato ca n't have any bases in the baltics when they specifically asked for it . 
  oh you think russia does n't threaten the baltics ? 
  interesting . 
  you think them abducting government officials the day after a speech of obama saying baltics shall remain protected was a coincidence ? 
  trying to have lithuanians extradited to russia for refusing to kill lithuanians shows they consider lithuania to be an independent country as well . 
  you are crazy if you think putin does n't consider the baltic situation as a temporary setback that requires correction and the fact that they joined nato to be absolutely insulting . 
  sitting around making deals and kissing ass with the country that threatens invasions sure does n't earn you any favors either especially when you flat out tell your `` allies '' they are n't allowed to defend themselves because that is far too provocative towards your gas dealer . 
  apparently germany can only be assertive when austerity is the topic . 
  i just could n't imagine that happening . 
  too many different cultures and too many people pulling their own way for something like that to happen . 
  usa is far more unified culturally . 
  there are countries in eu that ca n't even manage to keep together themselves . 
  germany , not the provinces . 
  eu ca n't compete with usa . 
  usa is one country . 
  same way they ca n't compete against china . 
  eu has nothing to worry about in regards to brics though . 
  eu does n't have to worry about china either . 
  i mean they might have a bigger gdp , but that is about it . 
  they will still always be a country stuck in poverty . 
  they ca n't win against demographics . 
  brics is a group of nations with nothing in common besides a name . 
  every single one of these countries is very different from the other . 
  why worry over it ? 
  france has a credible military unlike most countries . 
  observed a lot in those 68 days ?
