  countries are more likely to pay bills when not being invaded . 
  that fucked up logic basically means russia just takes over any country that is n't eu . 
  look at a map lately ? 
  check the size of russia and ask yourself if russia is going to run out of conscripts . 
  that and calling everyone nazis like it is still wwii . 
  i wonder if they even realize they are n't fighting against american nazis . 
  shocker . 
  this is like the godwin of / r/europe . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  what are you referring to ? 
  that poor invading army . 
  i hope someone is praying for them . 
  if only we could have peace by giving putin his ussr territory . 
  eu are a real big group of meanies . 
  good thing you do n't have american flair with that comment . 
  i would imagine from frustration at russian propaganda game . 
  i know i am guilty of making the comments myself often . 
  i asked if you said they were justified because i did n't want to put words in your mouth . 
  those pipes also go through the countries they deliver to . 
  germany for example . 
  why do they need to annex ukraine but not germany ? 
  even fucked up remake ussr logic does n't make sense accepting any of their claims as justified . 
  their logic makes controlling most of europe justified . 
  good lord , man . 
  arrogant much ? 
  you really think greece takes credit for every democracy on earth for all time ? 
  that is like saying all of western europe exists because of greece . 
  the country of usa exists because of countries like uk , france , and netherlands . 
  they were the ones actively created it and helped it gain freedom respectively . 
  greece has an amazing cultural history and i am not taking any of that away from greece , but that does n't mean any current day greek somehow gets to take claim on anything that happens anywhere on the planet . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i think it was a mistake to give up nukes when next to russia . 
  i wish usa would do more for you . 
  i am honestly not sure about memorandum , but it seems like usa and uk are keeping up their end of the deal by respecting the territory of ukraine , no ? 
  russia on the other hand , well , they are doing the usual . 
  that is exactly why they do it . 
  they do it to collect intelligence on air defenses . 
  it is n't like they plan on attacking with that aircraft . 
  nato has similar planes like awacs . 
  the main difference is that they fly out in the ocean in international air space where you ca n't do shit about it . 
  it pisses off china and led to an incident where they knocked out of the air on purpose . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they just brag about how much they handle an awful life due to a worldwide conspiracy against them better than any other people on the planet like being poor and miserable is something to be proud about . 
  are you trying to say putin is justified in his actions ? 
  hurr , hurr , i am just a stupid american , never heard that one before . 
  why does russia need to take over ukraine ? 
  ukraine is a consumer of their gas . 
  many other countries in europe are as well . 
  tell me again why ukraine should be annexed against their will and how any of that is justified versus seizing any other country in europe ? 
  oh well in that case i guess he needs to take over all of europe then to make sure he can secure gas delivery to every single household . 
  there is more to ukraine than just having a pipeline going through it . 
  are you trying to say putin is justified in his actions ? 
  i am implying that , yes . 
  i guess i was n't clear enough . 
  the transfers you speak of are tiny in comparison to the massive transfers that happens in usa . 
  there are states that literally receive double the money they give to the federal government . 
  the poor states get carried essentially so no one is left that far behind . 
  i am not suggesting all of eu become a giant country like usa , but just stating that the status quo only benefits germany and is really damaging to the poorer countries in the south . 
  austerity flat out is n't working . 
  it is only making things worse . 
  you should use inflation and debt spending to carry you through bad times and cut spending during good times . 
  the way things are playing out currently , it is just a protracted death spiral of unemployment causing low incomes and low incomes mean less demand so more people lose jobs and so on . 
  all of that means less and less tax revenues and then the government cuts even more to constantly keep their austerity goals . 
  hey , i am actually sympathetic with iran . 
  i think usa has been a giant asshole to iran and the good versus evil trope does n't mean shit in that situation . 
  i was also being very sarcastic that ukraine was idiotic to let go of nukes . 
  they would be protected from russia unlike now . 
  and your own words are worse than anything i could say about you myself . 
  you think nato is literal slavery to usa and germany alliance does n't mean helping anyone . 
  you have made that perfectly clear repeatedly . 
  as deemed necessary to protect them . 
  in no way shape or form is not helping them a version of helping them . 
  you are a selfish two faced snake . 
  according to you . 
  twisting words ? 
  you are the one saying nato does n't mean germany had to actually help poland and that you do n't think poland is important anyway and is actually a rival . 
  where are you getting that the only reason ukraine matters is because of a pipeline ? 
  you are the one making implications . 
  i never claimed anything even remotely close to that . 
  call me a facetious little shit all you want . 
  does n't change the fact that you are putting words in my mouth . 
  yes , because that is what i said . 
  can you explain on what you are talking about with freedom fighters and nato equipment and dead cop ? 
  except us forces were stationed inside germany so your analogy fails immediately . 
  you have also stated you would n't want germany to help poland at all with even a single soldier and that nato does n't require countries to defend each other in your imagination . 
  you have said poland does n't matter . 
  defending a country with a military appliance is n't letting them rot as a convenient safety buffer . 
  spending according to gdp is to make it where all countries contribute towards defense but giving it a measure of fairness . 
  richer countries should provide more since they are more able . 
  you ca n't expect nato to be completely `` equal '' with every country having the same size army . 
  gdp is the fairest metric to compare . 
  did you see the part that you quoted had the word permanent ? 
  how is eu doing harm to serbia ? 
  does eu invade countries in europe if they do n't do as told ? 
  the countries that have joined eu from eastern europe are better afterwards . 
  i never said eu was perfect . 
  i criticize it myself . 
  does n't change that serbia takes huge amounts of aid from the eu regardless of what you claim you do n't `` need '' . 
  i 'm sure you would gladly pay much higher taxes to make up for the shortfall in aid . 
  i get a huge impression of the courage of your convictions .
