  germany does n't give a shit about `` stability '' . 
  there could be a full annex of ukraine and all merkel will do is ask putin to lie about the play by play . 
  she only cares about german gdp . 
  eu is a joke . 
  ah , democracy . 
  feel the love , uk ? 
  these are the gold standard loons that now love buttcoin and are still miffed about the tulip crash . 
  yes , usa has tons of natural resources . 
  there are also other ways to heat home like oil and electric . 
  does n't change the fact that there are bills across the board . 
  paying for heat is n't determined by one price . 
  homeless people also do n't have utility bills to be concerned with . 
  of course , but the point was that ukraine is incredibly outnumbered by russia . 
  people are calling obama a war monger over ukraine ? 
  yes because a country like monaco and russia can have same population . 
  `` neutral '', 
  good lord . 
  easy on the circle jerk . 
  they make how many cars ? 
  mercedes has been amazing for over a century . 
  if you include usa and russia , do n't even waste time on poll . 
  why are you comparing these countries to uk ? 
  yeah and the fact that many are coming direct from russian government is a complete coincidence . 
  just a natural local uprising with equipment that can beat most countries across the world . 
  yes i was being very sarcastic . 
  croatia is getting an upgraded military . 
  usa strengthens an ally , and ukraine gets assistance . 
  everyone is winning from it . 
  yeah , because the mass graves are invented right ? 
  the videos of torture are as well ? 
  russia forces their own citizens to deny relatives are dying in the war . 
  imagine what happens to captives . 
  i am confused . 
  how does that lead to dead people ? 
  if they are on holiday , they are n't soldiers . 
  are the beaches of croatia being invaded because of people on holiday ? 
  you also do n't supply weapons to your own military wherever they go on vacation to . 
  i am sure usa has nothing to do with this . 
  i like the extremes they go to for weight savings . 
  ah , thanks . 
  slipped right past me . 
  what russian soldiers ? 
  even their own president denies they exist , so they are n't there . 
  who the hell wants to be captured by russians ? 
  better off dying . 
  they were just asking for directions . 
  ukrainian soldiers hate tourists . 
  in comparison to ... ? 
  germans have the best cars in the world . 
  everyone else is fighting for second place . 
  greece , lol . 
  fuck them . 
  that is just a choice in priorities . 
  orders of magnitude in deaths . 
  who the hell said i down voted you ? 
  am i all of reddit ? 
  you honestly think it is colder in the uk then usa ? 
  you realize the waters from gulf of mexico feed towards europe and keep it warmer even if it is farther north ? 
  the numbers are n't even remotely close in comparison by large orders of magnitude . 
  edit : i was n't clear . 
  the numbers are n't even close with deaths , not temperature . 
  thanks , i will . 
  i was shocked at even hearing about it . 
  i would n't bet against war . 
  wait , i thought they are nato prior to that no ? 
  to be fair , the propaganda works . 
  that is my simplistic vision of it . 
  i was shocked the other day to learn that the uk is poorer than even the poorest states in the usa . 
  i have always considered the uk to be a rich country . 
  somehow even shit holes like mississippi are richer . 
  that is very depressing . 
  i just have these impressions that western europe has a bigger safety net so that the poor have an easier time with their lives . 
  here in america they are n't dying . 
  they just mostly end up with ruined credit , but they do n't care about their credit anyway . 
  the bills end up being written off or paid off by government grants . 
  or in many times it is government companies anyway so the government just eats the bill themselves . 
  well screw that . 
  they do n't belong to argentina anyway . 
  uk did the right thing . 
  i do n't even care that it was beneficial politically . 
  not like it was n't done for political reasons in argentina as well . 
  uk can hardly be blamed for a defensive war . 
  i was just generally confused and thought maybe i missed some event that argentina thought would keep uk too distracted to counter . 
  when i say nato , it means only usa and a tiny group of nations . 
  i would expect eastern europe to help because they are n't in denial . 
  not by tens of thousands !, 
  and the country had a much bigger population than uk . 
  this comparison is n't even remotely close . 
  http://wattsupwiththat.com/2014/06/02/which-is-responsible-for-more-u-s-deaths-excessive-heat-or-excessive-cold/ i am seeing under 20k deaths for whole country due to severe weather of any kind spanning decades going back to 1970s . 
  that seems crazy in uk . 
  i had no clue until now . 
  in usa people just do n't pay their bills but still receive heat anyway because utility companies wo n't shut them off especially during the winter . 
  i did n't mention anything recent because it is usually difficult to even tell what side they are fighting on at any given moment . 
  working with local governments to combat against terrorists in their country and train them against insurgencies is not the same as invading and annexing country while denying it the whole time . 
  feel free to point out when usa is shelling canada and denying it or has american army personnel captured inside mexico by their government . 
  i agree with you but the massive difference makes the whole comparison absurd . 
  key groups does n't equal an entire population having a voice or opinion that matters . 
  christ . 
  i almost never hear about that happening in usa . 
  even the homeless rarely ever die from bad weather .
