  i ca n't answer your last question because i spend no time worrying about it . 
  those people are meaningless to me . 
  i did n't mean it just in reference to myself either . 
  i see it a lot directed towards others . 
  i 'd say turks , russians , brits , and greeks tend to catch grief quite a bit over my time observing . 
  in regards to americans , i mostly see comments about telling people to go away and leave . 
  what i find most amusing is how many people are probably in this sub while living in the usa but use a different flair . 
  by the way , i totally agree on your reasoning about military . 
  it is pointless to have one if it ca n't even operate normally due to lack of basic maintenance and logistics . 
  yeah , using the word evolution really threw me off . 
  i know it is a minority . 
  believe me , i 'm not losing sleep over it . 
  just occasionally when i see idiotic statements i call them out versus only rolling my eyes . 
  minority views tend to scream the loudest versus the silent moderate majority . 
  no one has ever been forced into nato and i would never want to see a country forced into staying either . 
  i agree it is a guideline versus a rule . 
  i just get annoyed at people that insist that since they are n't being punished for something that they should not do their part of an agreement . 
  i hope that makes sense . 
  i really do n't want to make off topic analogies to illustrate my point . 
  i also would never give grief to an individual over the actions of their country , people have no control over it . 
  it gets a little disheartening when people automatically fall back on attacking flairs here versus treating people like people . 
  i honestly would never say a word about someone like you . 
  it just gets annoying as shit when someone voluntarily free loads and then gives grief to the people they take money from as if they are being oppressed by all their free shit . 
  and this is n't about being too poor to afford it , because all that is asked and agreed on is proportional spending . 
  even worse is western europeans that speak completely void of irony and talk about how washington is just the same as moscow while eastern europeans shake their heads in disgust of the ignorance . 
  good luck with your studies . 
  i am simply being realistic . 
  i have nothing against homeless people . 
  calling a spade a spade does n't mean i despise cards . 
  they have awful living conditions . 
  hygiene goes to the wayside . 
  at making assumptions about what i think is why i said that . 
  not really , no . 
  it just happened to be mentioned in the thread multiple times . 
  i was not the one bringing it up . 
  keep flailing away i suppose if you want though . 
  where i live has no homeless . 
  feel free to spend your own money at any time . 
  probably right . 
  baby steps . 
  did n't want to answer my questions ? 
  pretty amazing stuff that animals can do with a human trainer . 
  one day maybe humans can train other new animals as well like house cats . 
  i realize this and i was making what you said more blunt going along with you . 
  then someone jumped in that makes a tax collector during an audit seem laid back and carefree . 
  no you are right , when living outdoors hygiene is usually in tip top shape . 
  would you mind swapping clothing with a homeless person on your way to work if time and sizing was not an issue ? 
  i hope your self righteousness does n't prevent you from answering . 
  what exactly do you you think homeless people smell like ? 
  i wonder why it is n't sold as a candle or cologne since it is apparently so amazing and not offensive in any way . 
  what in the world do you think they were trying to say instead ? 
  this shit is getting way too pedantic . 
  how about you ask the person that said it ? 
  i am aware . 
  are you really saying you think it was a different currency that caused the smell versus people ? 
  you really want to be this pedantic ? 
  i guess i should have said the second most logical conclusion in that case . 
  shared currency and open borders etc all came hand in hand . 
  what is the logical conclusion of that statement . 
   immigrants smell of piss . 
  fight , fight !, 
   homeless and piss . 
  no need to repeat yourself . 
  film ? 
  is it 2006 ? 
  i mean , more than thousands , but yeah . 
  it would have likely altered the entire planet on account of how important those islands have been for centuries . 
  it is easy to say that , but i 'm not going to judge someone that is being abused and fears for the life of her children as well . 
  likely abused him ? 
  based on what evidence ? 
  that is n't justice . 
  pakistan is a big ally of the usa for decades as well . 
  russia has no equal partnerships with any country but likes to imagine they are close with china or that brics actually means anything . 
  both are a farce . 
  china is aligned with china and china alone . 
  still part of spain though . 
  not exactly the same thing . 
  is masochism popular in sweden ? 
  yes germany does spend money on upkeep of those forces . 
  i am just joking around . 
  it was a joke about how a large part of the military is n't operating due to being mothballed . 
  we are talking safe travel . 
  should n't they travel in something that is actually maintained ? 
  so the russian one is the only one that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  oh definitely . 
  i just think it gets confusing with neighbors . 
  so you would feel better from a rationalization as you are eaten alive ? 
  how heavy are those goal posts ? 
  it crossed the atlantic . 
  that really came out of nowhere . 
  i would say most murders done by humans are less fucked up than being half alive while someone eats your guts out of your asshole . 
  that plan is n't half bad . 
  you guys really short on names ? 
  that is hilarious . 
  authoritarian does not equal right wing . 
  and english to top it off . 
  meh , just pointing out facts on my end . 
  i read the thread . 
  your ranting about being `` sold out '' is such a stereotype it is hysterical .
