  the usa is a bigger target of russia than poland is . 
  the point is that no alliance was broken . 
  you want to talk about analogies , how about giving actual examples of ignoring invasions . 
  zero in nato . 
  but there is no getting through your pessimism . 
  so yes , everyone ignores poland , you are an island that no one cares about . 
  happy now ? 
  not even in the slightest . 
  i did n't realize leaving an area after not being able to win a civil war after decades of fighting by usa alone is backstabbing . 
  a war that never had anything to do with usa in the first place . 
  they sort of inherited it from europe 's colonial messes . 
  south vietnam was not even usa 's mess to begin with . 
  if you want to consider south vietnam the equivalent of nato , then it just shows how much reaching we are doing here to prove a point . 
  poland absolutely is n't ignored . 
  you would be hard pressed to find a close ally of poland than the usa . 
  disagreements on execution does n't equal left twisting in the wind . 
  am attack on poland is an attack on washington dc . 
  using that logic means france abandoned usa in iraq . 
  both of which are completely false . 
  please point out a single instance of usa backstabbing and ditching a close ally . 
  go back to 1700s if need be . 
  ok , we get it . 
  absolutely false . 
  letting something happen to estonia means all of the usa 's military alliances are meaningless in one fell swoop . 
  that would be a crushing blow by russia . 
  there are dead americans on every continent proving they back up partnerships . 
  the first president that let 's nato implode would be an instant candidate for worst leader in the country 's history . 
  i know he or she would be a disgrace in my view . 
  well i agree . 
  the thing with shorter lives is that those people tend to be less healthy and have lower quality of life as well . 
  i would rather be bored than worm food . 
  i can always find a new hobby . 
  there is n't anything wrong with the chart for anyone spending time to actually look at it . 
  i read the bottom number of 60 . 
  you think two decades is small ? 
  russia had plenty of state corporate debt . 
  government controlled companies are one in the same . 
  creative accounting is n't fooling creditors . 
  oh , crimea is an invasion and annex . 
  fucking waste of my life talking to trolls . 
  everything is a rationalization . 
  are you serious ? 
  the land belongs to the uk . 
  how is that the same thing ? 
  how ? 
  lol . 
  thanks for that point . 
  recent history referencing two centuries ago . 
  lol . 
  you are so much smarter than everyone in this sub . 
  you should be a diplomat with those smarts of yours . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  are you blaming the uk for falklands ? 
  `` neutral '' yet cooperates with nato and only plans for one direction of attack . 
  you ca n't invade a country using nukes . 
  this is n't wwii . 
  nah just laughing at you findingevery excuse possible to allow russia to go uncriticized but leap at the chance to bash america . 
  the only extremist is you where you think the only options are suck dick or nuclear war . 
  your edit is something that belongs in / r/iamverysmart . 
  maybe because i am getting whiplash with how hard you make absurd logical leaps and rationalizations . 
  no one out here was fooled for a minute in thinking you were n't just an apologist either . 
  they must get a lot of exercise to be so thin . 
  how overweight are they ? 
  where is the violence from those parties ? 
  it can be tough being the first generation born in a new country . 
  not everyone is going to feel like they truly belong . 
  that is true about ireland but we are talking two islands right next to each other . 
  eu just is n't unified to the degree of what i am talking about . 
  where is the eu military ? 
  nato does n't count . 
  now i am racist somehow ? 
  it is a description of the sphere . 
  i did n't invent it . 
  england had these colonies end up very closely to them because the majority of the population was settlers . 
  that was n't the case with south africa or india . 
  eu does n't have a shared intelligence and military network . 
  haha . 
  come on man , i did n't call them retards . 
  what in the world are you talking about ? 
  not at all . 
  i never said it was my definition . 
  they were all ruled by england , majority white , shared culture and language . 
  they are also for most part tied together with things like trade , spying , and military . 
  you would be hard pressed to find countries that operate more closely with each other . 
  which wars did usa lose that you are referencing ? 
  fuck right off . 
  america would never abandon its allies . 
  i do n't make the rules . 
  commonwealth and anglosphere are n't one in the same . 
  i was n't saying anything negative about india . 
  it is only a handful of countries . 
  it is n't like counties like india count . 
  there are lots of other big languages out there . 
  you should include some germans into the planning of it to make sure it is properly over engineered . 
  i hope they sanitize the seat after at least . 
  who love and post in / r/conspiracy but hate that fact or comparison being pointed out . 
  / r/russia does n't represent the country . 
  it is full of super patriots that do n't live there that feel guilty for leaving but would never return . 
  they despise the western decadence they use every day . 
  there are people there that openly wish for nuclear war and defend stalin as a hero no matter what the topic is .
