  you ca n't answer the question ? 
  you did n't see the part about russia ? 
  those casualties also are n't genocide . 
  you think they just want to kill their own citizens ? 
  interesting . 
  what is next ? 
  do you even believe that russia invaded ? 
  interesting because i think i would put priority on my health over other things in my 24 hours . 
  you should get second opinions on procedures regardless of cost . 
  public health systems are n't some nirvana . 
  there could easily be bad doctors in the system and people pushing people away from doing procedures to cut costs . 
  you are comparing best case of one situation against the worst case of the other . 
  it is almost like russia has nothing to do with it , right ? 
  go learn what genocide means before you say trash like that . 
  what does that have to do with ukraine 's current government . 
  you consider it genocidal ? 
  turkey flair in a cyprus thread complaining about a country intervening . 
  pathetic . 
  ah feel the love in the eu . 
  control their fiscal policy and tell them fuck off at same time . 
  that logic applies to poland and baltic region . 
  american border security is a joke . 
  this is your comparison ? 
  oh well thank you for not being even bigger assholes . 
  such grace . 
  when does greece get constantinople back ? 
  they once held power there . 
  thank you for preventing supposed future persecution by committing ethnic cleansing . 
  good going , turkey . 
  thanks for pointing out in one post why turkey should never join eu . 
  what stops you from getting a second opinion if you are forced into all these supposed bullshit procedures ? 
  i am a prep proponent of public healthcare but this is a bullshit complaint . 
  bad people exist everywhere . 
  big balls for the one guy that voted against it . 
  rip . 
  ownership . 
  i knew he was a bitter fuck lying through his teeth acting like hitler came back to power and forced people to pay taxes . 
  thank you for ripping his lies apart in detail . 
  people have plans for the year that spell out how much they have to spend in the worst case scenario . 
  you claiming bad doctors are ripping you off is n't a product of private healthcare . 
  they would still be bad in public healthcare . 
  i ca n't wait until the fascism is put to an end . 
  as if a strong economy is horrible . 
  thanks for the help . 
  it was a cheap joke . 
   the polish guy who talks shit about russia that really narrowed it down here . 
  getting shot in the head does n't hurt . 
  they can say neigh if they do n't want to . 
  so ... die jews ? 
  am i doing it right ? 
  i think that second part was kind of understood . 
  circumcision is n't solely a jewish thing . 
  also fuck them . 
  are they going to keep riding that hitler train until the end of time ? 
  they do n't mind ethnic cleansing when they are on the opposite end of it . 
  what was written a couple words after that one ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  you can but you need to go to portuguese/brazilian shops . 
  not an easy find . 
  usa has a lot of variety but you really need to search . 
  and you are screwed if you are n't in the cities . 
  unreal . 
  he does n't speak for poland . 
  he is only concerned about himself as usual . 
  i never said it was a perfect situation . 
  i am simply pointing out that drug companies are n't charities . 
  they wo n't function without profit . 
  the more money they pull in the more people end up employed and in research . 
  the money needs to come from somewhere . 
  do n't mistake my explanation for a celebration of me paying high prices . 
  it is if you compare the wealth of one country versus another . 
  it is n't like gdp is supposed to represent a citizen 's income . 
  there are other metrics for that . 
  so there is corruption and crime in ukraine and it has russia severely concerned ? 
  do you think research comes from thin air ? 
  of course they make profits too . 
  good for them . 
  greed gets things done . 
  in my opinion in just seems like an arbitrary metric to use ppp . 
  seems more made up versus using one constant currency and going across the board . 
  i would hope people do n't assume norway is full of rich people either . 
  not like oil money goes directly into everyone 's bank accountaccount . 
  yes , but cost of living is such an arbitrary metric . 
  everyone lives differently and buys different things . 
  of course prices are higher in richer countries though . 
  there are over 400 people in the parliament . 
  this is like calling countries in europe communist if a communist party exists in the country . 
  did you ever consider that having a large neighbor that uses ethnic groups as a pretense for invasion might stoke nationalistic issues in the countries that they invade ? 
  ppp inflates poorer countries and does n't compare countries with similar numbers . 
  why is that useless ? 
  for nazis to run parts of ukraine , they have to be in charge of parts of ukraine . 
  so that requires ukrainian policians that are nazis to be in charge . 
  how else is there to interpret your statement ? 
  there are a wide range of parties all over europe . 
  just because they exist does n't make governments nazi . 
  not every country is a one party police state with censorship and secret police . 
  well , then if people would opt out , it really would n't be public healthcare now would it ? 
  that is just a government run insurance company at that point . 
  yes , it is either north korea or complete anarchy . 
  those are the options .
