  it is nukes or nothing ? 
  the usa does not need buffer zones . 
  they have two oceans and canada . 
  they ca n't really do anything about mexico though . 
  how the hell is that not russia causing shit ? 
  without safety the others mean nothing . 
  lol , maybe the russian citizens leading rebellion `` governments '' inside of russia 's neighbors convinced them . 
  tell me how electing judges increases crime . 
  drugs are a massive factor when it comes to criminal activity . 
  it is a huge part of what makes mexico and the rest of the americas violent . 
  i used to live in areas that had lots of dogs and was accustomed to seeing crack vials littering the streets of my neighborhood . 
  i only live less than an hour away from the house i grew up in and i could leave my car unlocked if it was not ingrained from habit to lock it . 
  the crime is nonexistent . 
  the gun laws are no different from those two locations . 
  a massive amount of people are arrested for drugs . 
  somehow in your head you have the idea that guilty are never caught and everyone is wrongfully convicted ? 
  where does this even come from ? 
  lol , you are smoking some good stuff if you think suburbs are more dangerous than poor inner city ghettos filled with gangs and drugs . 
  do you not realize how many people get arrested and convicted of drug charges already ? 
  you think the police are not arresting enough people and are somehow only arresting the innocent ones or something ? 
  the awareness on this comment is amazing . 
  woe is me . 
  no one forced anyone into swapping communism with billionaire oligarchs robbing the country . 
  putin sure had no problem with it either because that is what he does himself to maintain power several decades later . 
  russia is a corrupt shit hole and it is n't some secret plot from west that made it that way . 
  it is also why russia has continued to collapse repeatedly . 
  i can only imagine the shit flinging considering how much the eu hates greeks . 
  you do n't know what i know versus what i do n't . 
  i am fully aware of the coup attempt and still remember seeing pics of yeltsin in a tank as well . 
  outside countries did n't cause the corruption that exists inside of russia . 
  that culture is an issue that can only be cured from within . 
  blaming the hard 90s on outside countries is a joke . 
  putin obviously had no issue with corruption either since he uses it to maintain his own power . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  their economy and country can not be compared to the usa . 
  if you think huge growth is just natural and a given for the end of time you are mistaken . 
  lots of their growth is also only on paper . 
  just go ahead and google some stories of their ghost towns . 
  based on what ? 
  what makes you think such a thing is inevitable ? 
  that is a massive hurdle to overcome or even come close to approaching . 
  do you not realize how poor the country is today ? 
  the rich citizens are also fond of exporting their wealth outside of the country to where it is safe and ca n't be randomly seized by the authoritarian government . 
  no i was born here and watched it collapse from a safe distance . 
  i was only first becoming interested in politics as it happened . 
  ok , you kind of threw me off since you made sure to mention syria by itself and then said arab spring . 
  i would n't argue anything about saying countries have issues with syria . 
  i misunderstood you at first . 
  is that substantial currently and why would that make a russian like cuba ? 
  i mean , usa gives money to pakistan , but i doubt that makes a random american like pakistan . 
  what in the world makes you think they will have western level income ? 
  their gdp is a lot of smoke and mirrors and they have a demographics bomb that they have to deal with regarding their population . 
  so who is responsible for arab spring exactly ? 
  and what does it have to do with russia ? 
  what do you mean by investments ? 
  the ussr collapsed from within . 
  if russia was strong enough to maintain an empire , it would regardless of what name is on the sign . 
  yes , such an honest appraisal of the situation . 
  what allies got fucked ? 
  that is a decade of work . 
  you do n't just flip a switch . 
  also that would require the government being different with their goals . 
  i did n't want to drop names . 
  no not you and sorry if it came off that way . 
  china ai n't shit but a paper tiger . 
  go read the very top . 
  bringing up vietnam in reference to depending on the usa as a nato member . 
  i am fully aware of people trying to derail who happen to love isolationism from prior convos i have had with them . 
  america insists for countries to meet their promises and repeats it often . 
  those promises are increasing military spending . 
  ethnicity has nothing to do with it . 
  he was based in that country with the government supporting him . 
  shut down world trade and nato should have never existed . 
  the world ends at the american border apparently . 
  where did i say that ? 
  maybe if you want to shit on where you live , make it topical and relevant ? 
  what the fuck does vietnam have to do with depending on the usa as a nato member ? 
  words mean things in case you want to do something other than random shit talk . 
  people complained about saying to depend on the usa . 
  the point is it is a ridiculous example of the usa being a bad ally . 
  thanks . 
  they were invited there by the government . 
  how is that not true ? 
  it is n't a plague to be a good ally . 
  russia is n't the usa . 
  most of europe wished russia acted like the usa especially around the 1940s forward . 
  where the hell is anyone calling you superhuman ? 
  vietnam was defended by the usa but lost . 
  usa absolutely made an effort there and was not even the first country involved . 
  none of the other countries were promised to be defended by the usa . 
  these examples are atrocious . 
  how so ? 
  superpowers come with supergirth . 
  bigger buffer for moscow which is the foreign policy of russia for centuries and several governments . 
  this does n't mean i think they are doing it anytime soon . 
  i think they are in too weak of a position to attempt this currently . 
  i do n't think the would try a full assault and stick to hybrid warfare like their recent track record . 
  it seems more self depreciation than anything . 
  everyone please ignore his flair . 
  thank you .
