  why should a business reward a company that openly fucks you ? 
  why so they can be fucked again ? 
  name one instance of russia being invaded by europeans in seventy years and then we can observe if the reverse exists . 
  since when are legit and reasonable suggestions given sarcastically versus ridiculous ones ? 
  please forward those reddit comments to putin . 
  the russians must be informed of this grave threat to their national security . 
  you are a bad troll . 
  your list is wrong . 
  afghanistan started it and vietnam first had french involved and americans fought alongside the vietnamese government . 
  and fucking lol at comparing shit like ukraine to serbian genocides . 
  fucking lol start to finish on this one . 
  no such thing as fair . 
  what are you basing this on ? 
  well that was a given especially when they keep shifting their border more and more south . 
  russia is the house guest that never leaves . 
  when has the truth ever stopped them . 
  hell they will even edit wiki to make their own truth if need be . 
  that report only ever gets brought up by russian apologists that think every last thing russia does is defending the rest of the world from american imperialism and helping to create a multipolar world one invasion at a time . 
  it is n't two generations away . 
  it is flat out cutting your pensions now . 
  also pensions tend to be untouched for current people and only changed for later people because of old voting participation rates . 
   the ukraine it is n't 1990 anymore . 
  getting invaded does n't make it easy to improve yourself either . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  they ca n't afford the empire they dream about . 
  instead they just prefer to leave the rightful russian empire in broken down occupied puppets beholden to russia . 
  they get really fucking pissed when any of them try to improve . 
  i think they are bad in any country hypothetically , just developed ones have safety nets because of this . 
  i fully understand the importance of family in poor countries . 
  it is a shame that does n't carry over once money appears in many cases . 
  he does n't hate gays . 
  sorry , but religious marriage is n't the same as civil . 
  most people are stupid with money when it comes down to it . 
  there would be no need for pensions if people could be trusted to save and invest on their own . 
  usa does n't tell allies to hush and that they do n't matter . 
  weird how poland likes the countries that listen to them eh ? 
  he gives his views just like any other person . 
  there are plenty of influential people doing the same . 
  voters are responsible for their own votes . 
  the eye of sauron as they approach the border will tip them off . 
  rt told him this , so that is all he needs for proof . 
  poland is a great ally . 
  you just want to kiss ass for cheap gas and sacrifice others in the process . 
  ca n't wait until i hear again that georgia was asking for invasion by defending itself and attacking land that is georgian in the first place . 
  one difference is no one in nato is suggesting invading and annexing rightful clay . 
  nah did n't storm since the military was already there . 
  if usa seized germany would you mind since the military is already there ? 
  easier said by you when you have lesser europeans as buffers for you to scold . 
  yes but he is being lectured for shit that is not even remotely related to his statement . 
  it most certainly is n't sexist either . 
  if inflation is high , so is rate of return with investments . 
  i never suggest leaving money in a bank outside of emergency funds . 
  who said it would only be old people ? 
  i never said mass immigration . 
  i just meant you need more workers than retirees . 
  he does n't prevent government sponsored laws last i checked . 
  because it would devastate pensions . 
  what does that have to do with what he said to her though ? 
  which is a very tiny thing that is hardly ever used . 
  it does n't mean every last word he says . 
  holy shit . 
  these people are retarded . 
  so if you ca n't save for yourself how can your children live and support you on top of it ? 
  i would be fucking rioting . 
  i am not even exaggerating . 
  most western countries do i imagine . 
  i know america does . 
  why do victims need amnesty ? 
  come to america . 
  i have been murdered twice this week . 
  you will quickly not worry about robberies in general then . 
  it is , but that is n't exclusive to them . 
  i 've always heard that reasoning more for turkey because they actually associate with eu . 
  i have never heard of any interest from russia in being a part of eu in any fashion . 
  that stuff always seemed really interesting for me as well . 
  i would n't go pining for the ussr to be around on this sub of all places though . 
  is there a reason that the split is that obvious with germany ? 
  i know the differences even after the cold war ended are still obvious today between east and west , but i could never understand why north and south are so different with their economy when they were the same country for almost a century . 
  i am not sure about what you are trying to say . 
  the federal government does a lot more spending than just handing money to people . 
  you are really dismissing a lot to make that point . 
  gini index does n't mean the life of poor is awful . 
  once again , you did n't dispute anything i said about the availability of benefits for poor . 
  what more do people need given to them beyond free housing healthcare food and money ? 
  should they be given cars too while we are at it ? 
  school is free and there are community colleges that are very cheap in price along with grants and loans . 
  no one wants to be poor i would imagine , but if you are there are free things given to you left and right . 
  i know many people that cheat the system by working under the table and receive a plethora of benefits to go with it and pay for nothing . 
  so it was the kgb that found out the truth about moon landings ? 
  that russia does not exist and is wishful thinking considering the culture of the people . 
  that is not changed with a flip of the switch . 
  it is n't just because of putin . 
  ok , just pretend like eu was n't the one that `` forced '' russia into invading ukraine by trying to become close to ukraine economically . 
  good luck thinking russia actually treats countries as allies versus puppets . 
  usa did n't create anything in ukraine . 
  just amazing . 
  an eu trade deal with ukraine is a plot by the usa to fuck over eu . 
  why does poland hate denmark so much ? 
  that is pretty similar with the things you say . 
  what are the rich regions ?
