  if the cause of conversion is to stop dying hopefully then yeah it is n't peaceful . 
  someone , somewhere has to be first . 
  europeans still continued to leave during that time . 
  i think it is a mix to be fair . 
  how else are you supposed to find out ? 
  would you want to pay taxes like a sucker when corporations do n't ? 
  the poor and middle class are immoral while the rich are smart for the same thing ? 
  someone does n't value their fish sticks . 
  is rape good too ? 
  you must be trolling . 
  multiple people have mentioned it . 
  honestly , i am only making a joke though . 
  i ca n't say anything for sure . 
  it seems weird to know who did it in hours though if no one is admitting it . 
  how many jews went to work that day ? 
  i have heard of this before . 
  what do you consider the west ? 
  is anyone close to that ? 
  please show me people propagating bullshit on the internet from the 1970s . 
  you actually could n't tell ? 
  man that is some crazy inflation in four years . 
  correct , they do . 
  they do an awful job of advertising how well it works though . 
  whatever works . 
  it does n't help . 
  shill needs to start over . 
  deleted is different from removed . 
  needs more classic turkey . 
  well there was that time that china knocked an american turboprop plane out of the international sky with fighter jets and blamed america for aggressive flying . 
  way less professional than the russians . 
  use oil money to buy gps not dachas in sochi . 
  i think the growing up needed is on your end . 
  i mean , i am not attacking a country here . 
  i am against the law . 
  where the law is existing does n't matter . 
  well in a western country anyway . 
  i honestly do n't care what laws exist in other countries like indonesia , saudi arabia , russia , china , you name it . 
  those guidelines are from recent times , not cold war , so i do n't see what you mean by times have changed . 
  why would n't someone complain about countries ignoring guidelines ? 
  clearly the people that do n't comply are n't going to complain about themselves . 
  well , i will go through these later . 
  i only read one where it turned out ok . 
  i do n't support those either . 
  i would n't support or vote for it anywhere . 
  well , i will go through these later . 
  i only read one where it turned out ok . 
  i do n't support those either . 
  i would n't support or vote for it anywhere . 
  it is the best example in that germany is much richer and yet they do n't fulfill the obligations . 
  germany actually does n't fulfill their obligations with military and require assistance for even basic tasks . 
  being a part of a military alliance means being concerned with the defense of other countries besides your own as well . 
  saying other countries are bad too is n't a defense . 
  no one was forced into adhering with the guidelines . 
  do n't agree and then complain after . 
  show me where legal residents are deported for stealing candy . 
  regardless , deportation is still obviously insane for something that should n't even result in jailtime . 
  i do n't care about intent . 
  i care about reality . 
  traffic tickets get people deported . 
  well i am asking if literally anything can be voted on since direct democracy is wonderful . 
  what if mob rule said slavery was back on the table ? 
  i am sure i can find plenty of examples where the majority of a country found it popular to fuck over minority groups . 
  this is why you have constitutional rights in place over ruling directly through polls . 
  right , more deflecting . 
  people have pointed out specific issues and you just choose to being up unrelated things and pretend like you are being reasonable . 
  because there are obviously things besides murder mentioned . 
  always weird dealing with people that are so proud of being victims and insisting everyone is out to betray and use them . 
  i like that you covered yourself with probably just to be sure . 
  your own sources prove you wrong . 
  or , or , you could suspend their license like other first world countries . 
  what is this , singapore ? 
  what do you want done to people that run stop signs , caning ? 
  deporting jews ? 
  literally nothing is embarrassing ? 
  why are you deflecting ? 
  expensive utility bills ? 
  so getting deported seems reasonable for a traffic ticket ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  berlin was literally split between countries and france was one of them . 
  peaceful genocides . 
  ah the good old days . 
  but how can you possibly know if i am insulting you by using fyrom ? 
  you ca n't read my mind . 
  this seems strange if you ca n't even tell me what makes the term insulting . 
  where is the insult involved with fyrom ? 
  you realize derogatory means insulting , right ? 
  how am i insulting anyone by saying fyrom ? 
  i continue to ask you and you are n't answering besides saying because i said so . 
  i 'm trying to get an answer because i do n't know . 
  how is it different than typing the usa versus the full name ? 
  there is so much to argue against in your statement , but i pity you since you think living in detroit is what enjoying life in the west means . 
  oh god , these comments . 
  you would think the end of the world is near just because of a few immigrants in a continent with half a billion people . 
  i 'm pretty sure france was occupying berlin by the end of the war . 
  did you forget to check the scoreboard at the end though ? 
  maybe america can take in french refugees since apparently france is collapsing in the next day or two from what that person is saying . 
  sorry about that unbiased completely true news . 
  verge of collapse ? 
  so you support assad in syria and their hatred of the west by living in the west ? 
  what is this ?
