  yes because taxes are totally about what benefits one individual . 
  great job being naive . 
  the only reason there has been peace in europe is because someone else foots your bill . 
  you do n't buy a military after a war starts . 
  you prepare for war to maintain peace . 
  the chinese incident is the equivalent of a waverunner complaining about aggressive actions from someone in a kayak . 
  i 'm ron burgundy ? 
  why even bother ? 
  he clearly views any improvements to eu as a negative to the uk . 
  so you decide for the world that airspace is n't sovereign territory . 
  thanks . 
  great insight . 
  you really have a grasp on reality . 
  i was under the impression that every country contributed a certain percentage and then it was handed out accordingly . 
  i assume most of eastern europe for instance ends up with a net gain . 
  soviets with cooler heads ? 
  you mean the soviets that killed their own people trying to shoot down spy planes . 
  you mean those guys ? 
  it also is 2014 , so feel free to join us here . 
  well just a matter of wording . 
  every part of the effort was needed because germany and japan had an unbelievable fighting force . 
  just the same as germany could n't be defeated if not for the eastern front . 
  usa was fighting on multiple fronts as well . 
  it was a massive effort with everyone involved . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  since when does a fighter jet get outmaneuvered by a plane an awacs ? 
  they were being dicks and inexperienced ones . 
  it is completely impossible for a fighter jet to get bumped by anything other than another fighter jet . 
  you are right . 
  that was excessive on my part . 
  most of my family lives in europe and they all like usa including the ones that have never been . 
  so all eu countries give .4 % of their gdp to eu ? 
  so many people think iraq is this magical trump card that somehow makes their naive bullshit somehow correct and an answer to everything . 
  neutrality is support for mass graves . 
  it is utter bullshit . 
  being neutral and pacifist is the equivalent of watching someone being attacked on the street and taking a neutral pacifist stance and doing zero to stop it . 
  you never know . 
  the attacker probably has his reasons . 
  it is n't generous if they ca n't keep their military running . 
  hit 2 % then talk . 
  are you lost ? 
  on vacation ? 
  this is n't / r/worldnews . 
  edit : yes downvote me for correcting the guy who does n't even know what sub he was in prior to his own edit . 
  the war was won because of usa logistics . 
  it was a concerted team effort . 
  soviets definitely paid the highest price with lives and it is n't even close . 
  makes sense . 
  protestors in ukraine should always equal invading sweden . 
  which does n't mean shit unless they are unified . 
  a bunch of half maintained forces combined agent impressive versus a cohesive unit . 
  good luck with that when most of europe feels entitled to not spend a penny on taxes towards the military and have americans pay all of it for them . 
  all while insulting americans as war mongering barbarians obsessed with killing . 
  are you seriously comparing surveillance planes being attacked by chinese fighters to nuclear bombers that were n't touched ? 
  russia violates airspace on a regular basis . 
  it is n't a mistake . 
  they put up billboards bragging about stalin killing millions of russian people as the enemy . 
  the fucking fifth column obsession is disgusting . 
   there is zero excuse to invade airspace . 
  nice try . 
  quote the whole fucking sentence . 
  you ca n't invade airspace that no one owns . 
  the article said they were with other aircraft . 
  it was n't just the bombers . 
  it is just absurd the leaps people will make in whataboutism to where they call civilian jets aggressive . 
  surprised i did n't hear about how mh17 was in the wrong once again . 
  well was it true or not ? 
  do n't even get me started on those guys . 
  i guarantee you would be intimidated by that flying over your city . 
  usa has b-52 bombers that do the same . 
  do n't concentrate on props . 
  concentrate on your death . 
  apparently not towards maintenance . 
  my guess is they are using it for a social welfare program to give salaries to a bunch of officers . 
  would n't be the first country to treat the military as a welfare program to the detriment of the country at large . 
  i read fair play to them as in argentina . 
  i thought you were trying to say uk had no business being in that part of the world at all and it is fair to attack them . 
  i trash russian foreign policy all the damn time , but acting like russian tech is stone age is absurd . 
  russia is a pioneer in military/aerospace technology . 
  i read an article not that long ago that stated germany 's military exists in name only due to all the long past due maintenance that keeps most of the hardware offline . 
  that seems like quite a gamble especially from a country that is running out of duct tape in their budget to keep their military operational . 
  bombers do n't need to be state of the art to blow shit up especially when carrying nukes and protected by fighters . 
  you realize the difference between an airliner and nuclear bombers with fighter escorts ? 
  how the hell is it the uk 's fault for being invaded by argentina ? 
  argentina has zero rights to those islands . 
  the people there also want nothing to do with that country which makes it even more laughable . 
  i know though , uk is evil . 
  of course . 
  it makes all oil less profitable . 
  shale is also more expensive versus conventional drilling . 
  the top guy in this thread was n't saying to shoot down anyone in international space . 
  i can read fine . 
  i do n't follow on what you are saying . 
  what about those assholes ? 
  you blame uk for argentinian aggression ? 
  they were 100 % wrong . 
  of course not . 
  no one should be shooting anyone down in international space . 
  sounds like they cut them off and they turned back if i read it right , no ? 
  intercepted by norway , portugal and uk .
