  they downplay things like holodomor like millions dying is no big deal even though the government caused it . 
  ethnic cleansing is just people traveling and not a problem . 
  the bullshit does n't end . 
  am i completely messing up your statements ? 
  that one ship has an entire year 's worth of gas ? 
  is there a war in greece ? 
  nationalism gets increased during war . 
  what is the significance of this individual ship ? 
  that is a possibility however the people that are doing that i know are russian because they are n't one off conversations . 
  the sub also is n't a satire sub like / r/murica . 
  there was also zero satire about stalin . 
  it was genuine defense . 
  i saw a post that said stalin is n't treated fairly compared to obama and he gets a bad rap considering the great government he created for russia . 
  100 % serious . 
  the russians that brag about nukes and empire do n't frequent here . 
  this is a default sub where they are outnumbered . 
  in / r/russia talking about taking over countries and calling people/entire countries nazi gets up votes . 
  they even brag about stalin . 
  want to bet me gold on who can get more positive statements of hitler in / r/germany versus stalin in / r/russia ? 
  sure , but the devil they know spends money on them and protects them and never takes their country . 
  see what happened to the philippines . 
  china would never do that . 
  i do n't mean me . 
  i mean the culture at large . 
  also , well , eu was comparing regions to itself . 
  it just included usa as well . 
  close ally , lone super power , largest country with a similar culture , blah blah blah . 
  who the hell thinks usa is siding with moscow on anything ? 
  well hopefully sooner than later . 
  i feel more sympathy for eastern europe since they were occupied . 
  the deep south is just stubborn and ignorant . 
  they bring it on themselves and like it that way . 
  you say this as if america is n't competitive with everything . 
  i do n't see the issue with comparisons . 
  it has been a quarter century . 
  at some point some responsibility needs to kick in , no ? 
  i will say it again . 
  it costs a country zero to support russia in un . 
  only eleven countries out of all the countries in the world supported russia . 
  actually there is chorus that is being asked to give more in reference to population . 
  there are other countries in eu that have more debt compared to gdp . 
  it is n't the end of the world to be paying interest . 
  no one thinks usa is going bankrupt and they have far more debt than uk and service debt without issue . 
  uk should be doing what it agreed to do . 
  nothing is a surprise . 
  uk has there own financial experts that had to know they were underestimating their economy for years . 
  almost like people do n't like europe being invaded in / r/europe . 
  there are posters who post on a regular basis in / r/russia they talk openly of how they wish for russia to take over large sections of europe or to even better nuke europe and take over large sections . 
  i ca n't keep track of all the people that fantasize of empires . 
  they laugh at mentions of borders being invaded and say russia needs to do even more of it . 
  not compared to how they feel towards china . 
  thousands of years of dealing with an asshole . 
  prove it . 
  what have they done that supports russia compared to west . 
  you are injecting emotion and reading minds . 
  what actions makes china `` support '' russia to where they are actively taking a side and it is clearly russia 's . 
  china just took advantage of russia by russia finally caving and signing an energy deal with china where they end up selling fuel for cheaper than they sell to eu . 
  russia has no leverage because of pissing off eu . 
  russia is cornered . 
  i do n't care about india-pakistan wars from decades ago . 
  india does a ton of trade with west and they clearly have relations with countries all over the world . 
  india has a good relationship with the west . 
  again , show me how india has taken the side of russia where they clearly are against the west and openly support russia . 
  keeping on the sidelines is not support . 
  you are obviously grasping at straws . 
  my personal favorite is claiming ruble is n't falling , just the dollar is rising . 
  as if that is n't a massive lie considering ruble fell against everything including dollar . 
   eleven nations voted against , with 58 abstentions . 
  armenia , belarus , bolivia , cuba , north korea , nicaragua , sudan , syria , venezuela and zimbabwe holy shit look at these world powers . 
  russia has nothing to worry about with such an amazing alliance . 
  they are clearly on the right side of history when best korea supports them . 
  exactly , our . 
  they handed in their first world membership card when they boarded their flights to the middle ages . 
  not my problem anymore . 
  i 'm not playing this bullshit guilt game for actions that have literally nothing to do with the country itself . 
  yeah . 
  great . 
  no one suggested the uk murder them . 
  i suggest not giving a fuck if isis kills isis . 
  it is n't the job of the uk to risk lives to rescue members of isis . 
  china does not support russia . 
  india does n't either . 
  they are both very neutral . 
  they do way more trade with west . 
  between propping up currency and bailouts they have blown hundred billion easily . 
  stop making excuses . 
  there is plenty of info available in a first world country of what isis is about . 
  once you join , no one is under any obligation to risk their lives to rescue terrorists . 
  by joining it voluntarily you are supporting their most barbaric acts . 
  it requires effort to join them and fly to a different continent . 
  these are n't people in shit hole countries being captured and forced into service . 
  people living in the uk have every imaginable privilege known to man in all of human history . 
  your life could n't be fucking easier and you have access to all the information and education in the world . 
  this article is clearly about british members . 
  uk has reserves . 
  loans are also cheap . 
  yes i understand countries not wanting to spend money and trying to lower rent . 
  the money is there though . 
  i just do n't see any difference in the grand scheme on how quickly the uk cuts the check . 
  the timing is n't any different for other countries .
