  i am not drunk enough for that level of trolling and bullshit . 
  iraq was n't a defensive war . 
  do you see me criticizing any country for not being involved in iraq ? 
  where do you make the leap of capable military literally equals iraq invasion ? 
  what were your excuses before 2003 where you ca n't pull out that trump card for every single argument ? 
  yes , clearly eu are the irrational ones here . 
  yeah right . 
  one country . 
  with who leading ? 
  i have seen germany in action . 
  putin is n't going to live forever . 
  you think he can afford taking a 6 year sabbatical ? 
  eh , who cares ? 
  the people do n't do shit about about it , why should i while on the other side of the planet ? 
  look how well iraq did with quantity . 
  nato requires self defense to ensure the protection of a country 's borders . 
  no , it is n't optional . 
  if there is an invading force , defenders are deemed necessary . 
  it increased the commute a little . 
  what ? 
  the uk is n't threatened due to geography but they lead by example . 
  i only wish eu would take note instead of mooching or claiming neutral as if that is a peaceful solution . 
  peace only comes from neutrality because you depend on other nations to do the heavy lifting . 
  i refuse to trust any world leader that has n't enjoyed playing snakes on a old nokia phone . 
  i do n't think you understand , usa still has n't gotten over the death of apollo creed . 
  are you jealous that you did n't make the cut ? 
  yes and the eu is n't committed at all . 
  usa does n't need russia for anything with trade . 
  usa could completely embargo russia and i doubt a single person would notice . 
  pathetic attempt . 
  nato and eu . 
  huge difference . 
  our inferior minds just ca n't comprehend reality and known truths like him . 
  one day we will stop being sheeple . 
  i mean , we common fools ca n't even understand that isis was created by usa . 
  plus russia continues to fire on ukraine from russia and ukraine does n't fight back to avoid escalating what is already a war with russia . 
  you are coming to the wrong guy if you think i 'm going to say eu is this perfect paradise . 
  i quite regularly criticize how germany runs eu as the de facto leader for what appears to be very self serving reasons . 
  i however view it as still a net positive for greece versus casting their lot with russia . 
  just joking about the blatant cock comments . 
  you actually think russia has n't invaded ukraine ? 
  oh , i am so hurt by that comment . 
  ha , no very much a person . 
  you quacks are so amusing and impotent . 
  has n't invaded . 
  lol edit : you apologists are so pathetic . 
  that implies they ever come off . 
  motherfucking russkies would face a never ending stream of battalions of f150 and silverado trucks just waiting in alaska dying to get the first hit before obama even finished his first speech about it . 
  cold war never ended . 
  i kid you not when i say there are tens of millions of people that would volunteer for such a scenario . 
  please do n't give / r/conspiracy any credibility . 
  why are you doing this to us ? 
  oh , we are breaking out the oldies !, 
  no , they are wise skeptics , wink , wink . 
  zanker is right though . 
  sanctions do n't do shit to russia when their biggest item is untouchable . 
  oh you think it would be better if it modeled belarus ? 
  for someone that hates dogs so much , she plays the role of bitch perfectly . 
  what a great leader of eu . 
  they want to complain about countries having their own foreign policy and expansionism for anything . 
  you would think nato is stationed in moscow with all their bullshit crying . 
  all putin does is bitch and whine . 
  the fucking gall to point out they are invaded . 
  not as bad as what the jews did in wwii though . 
  all of it , daily , for months . 
  because anyone that rails again the evil usa empire is a hero no matter whose rights they trample and what countries they invade . 
  imma let you finish , but / u/magadget is the greatest putin fluffer of all time !, 
  bending backwards ? 
  i have been saying they have been invading for months right with crimea . 
  one blurb from rt is also perfect evidence as well . 
  and i do n't think i am asking too much for a cosmonaut to post a selfie on twitter that has both satellites behind him . 
  i wo n't believe it until it comes from pictures from putin 's cell phone . 
  im also going to need pictures from a witness of putin taking the pictures with that phone and then a russian satellite picture of both people at once . 
  how convenient . 
  must be from texas with whatever was laying in back seat on quick notice . 
  do n't they have russian military bases ? 
  this is a reason to join nato . 
  yeah maybe spain can have a referendum , haha . 
  i know they care about the opinions of their people greatly . 
  and you think tussaud 's has ukraine 's interests at heart ? 
  the quality of life of all eastern european countries with contact with eu have improved . 
  meanwhile russia is as backwards as always and is literally invading and killing ukrainians . 
  eu and usa have the same interests and are close allies . 
  there is no defending russia . 
  is that true for lots of europe ? 
  i heard it was really rough for them . 
  so many teeth to deposit before 5 pm . 
  isis , here 's your chance !, 
  about time oliven\u00e7a returned as well since we are just drawing maps . 
  this sounds familiar . 
  because it is true . 
  you just ca n't have a federation if there are n't sufficient transfers to southern europe . 
  the usa could never function if money never left individual states . 
  well , in that case , it would be with a sub or icbm . 
  at that point , tactical or strategic is just a matter of size . 
  it would n't be used in a `` battlefield '' setting which is the intent of tactical nukes . 
  russia has tons of icbms and a huge fleet of subs from soviet days that can launch nukes as well . 
  you would need a lot of missiles in order to guarantee a likelihood of stopping the attack . 
  plus subs introduce a real wild card . 
  it is basically impossible to stop sub attacks .
