  your very first link points to a group that fights against isis . 
  your posts are hilariously stupid . 
  well there were n't weapons supplied to isis . 
  ap is now propaganda ? 
  russia supplying weapons while lying is also cool too ? 
  excellent post . 
  far too obvious with your trolling once again . 
  because seizing government buildings of a foreign government and seiging military bases and lying about it the whole time under the guise of fighting the nazis had never ever fooled anyone outside of the idiots that buy soviet propaganda . 
  i like the repertoire . 
  this man does n't just what about with usa . 
  everyone else needs to catch up . 
  how far back does that one go ? 
  should be good to see all the germans whining that they are n't friends with anyone . 
  maybe collect those comments under a random picture of merkel laughing it up with putin . 
  seriously , you must work harder than the germans . 
  maybe it would end if usa stopped turkey from their illegal occupation in the first place decades ago . 
  i 'm pretty sure he is plenty angry about it on his own if anyone dares not share his `` fact '' based on nothing that race has zero to do with anything judging by his reactions . 
  i 'm pretty sure those videos and the facts he presented were n't opinions . 
  whatever you do , do n't ask him why . 
  is that some kind of joke ? 
  usa was n't even the leader of libya . 
  they were dragged into it by europe . 
  when asked , usa complied with help . 
  so as far as i 'm concerned , the results whether good or bad are n't even relevant . 
  does saying that make it so ? 
  what are you even basing that on ? 
  i thought the baltic countries were only increasing to 2 % . 
  i did n't realize estonia hit it already . 
  still doing that is much better than the other countries that say screw it everyone else will take care of my military for me . 
  uh , what ? 
  gop is hardcore into being pro-military . 
  the last gop candidate specifically mentioned russia as their biggest threat to security . 
  russia also has very little trade with usa . 
  anything else you want to teach me about my own country ? 
  also , please , instead of pulling negative ideas out of your ass , give me one example of a broken military alliance starting from 1776 . 
  you have hundreds of years to choose from for examples . 
  name one . 
  a valid counter argument of saying you wo n't come because i just feel like saying that and my intuition is better than hundreds of years of evidence is n't a valid argument . 
  i do know for sure though they would be a lot more helpful than sweden when it comes to aiding their neighbors during wars . 
  i mean uk and france but even france is n't at 2 % . 
  although i believe greece and poland are at 2 % or close to it , but i was n't including them in the rich countries of western europe . 
  eastern europe obviously takes their defense more seriously . 
  however nothing will ever inspire as much fear as a netherlands tank division charging across open fields . 
  i think it is far more damning that the rich countries ca n't be bothered to spend their 2 % . 
  only two countries pull their own weight in europe . 
  yeah it is easy to sell out eastern europe when your biggest security threat is the moors round two and openly despise your own military . 
  what is your point ? 
  i already agreed iraq was a bad idea . 
  kosovo needed to be done . 
  you know what would have helped even more in kosovo ? 
  serbia not causing genocide . 
  i do n't really care about their opinions . 
  they were to blame . 
  that is pretty much the best government that can be expected in afghanistan considering the geography . 
  the key is taliban is out of power . 
  i consider that a success . 
  i think iraq is a complete failure on any scale imaginable . 
  maliki is an idiot and needs to be removed and i blame his governing on iraq 's current condition . 
  maybe if kurds finally get a deserved country some good can come off this . 
  they have been screwed for decades . 
  usa absolutely did n't invite anyone to invade kuwait . 
  that never happened and usa immediately invaded because of that idiot saddam . 
  if he just kept his mouth shut and kept control of iraq he would still be in power today and likely with usa aid money to boot like the other governments in the middle east that completely disgust me . 
  ha , i actually believed you at first . 
  kosovo and kuwait want a word with you . 
  vietnam was a disaster . 
  iraq was handled incredibly poorly and really should n't have been attempted in the first place . 
  100 % attention on afghanistan would have been much better on all counts . 
  afghanistan has a functioning government with taliban removed and was a defensive war . 
  what are these disasters you speak of ? 
  actually americans hated iraq . 
  iraq at least sort of had a goal but it was a disaster from the beginning when it came to implementation . 
  the only thing that was done well was the defeating of the iraqi military and seizing cities . 
  that is easy for american military . 
  afghanistan was better received because it was actually related to an actual attack against america . 
  any negative feelings about afghanistan was mostly caused by just general war weariness and screw ups in policy mostly caused by distractions in iraq . 
  yeah , america is weird . 
  there is n't a real `` american '' . 
  it is just a big giant mix of immigrants and those immigrants tend to still hold onto their home countries . 
  it is hard to explain to europeans that live in mostly homogeneous countries . 
  as an example , my parents moved here shortly before i was born and are naturalized citizens . 
  they still identify greatly with their home country and so do i even though we are all american citizens . 
  most of my extended family lives all over western europe as well . 
  there are people who have lived here for generations that will still identify with their home countries of poland or italy or whatever . 
  it is uniquely american in that regard and i understand if it comes off weird , because it is weird . 
  the thing with russia is they have turned into ussr-lite . 
  they never fully integrated with europe . 
  countries like poland and the baltics have . 
  that is why those countries are considered allies and russia most definitely is n't . 
  the countries of europe are seen as genuine allies , while the countries elsewhere are allies of convenience . 
  better examples are saudi arabia . 
  no one in america actually likes the saudis . 
  many openly despise them and view them as religious extremists . 
  well , nothing wrong with disagreeing . 
  i 'm mostly just trying to get your point of view on the matter and seeing why it differs . 
  i believe americans absolutely do put their lives in danger for other countries . 
  there are tens of thousands of dead americans buried in south korea that saved that country for instance and many soldiers are stationed there for basically the express purpose of dying and slowing down the north in case of an invasion . 
  i do n't doubt that if they were n't there , the north would have attacked a long time ago . 
  there are dead americans all over the planet as proof that usa is more than willing to defend their allies anywhere . 
  i guarantee you some random kid from iowa does n't want to die in mosul , but they go regardless .
