  what exactly is dangerous about my idealogy in your opinion ? 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/2gg7wl/am_i_the_only_one_who_thought_the_collapse_of_the/ckiv6tb there is your one example . 
  claiming every ethnic group that exists is a `` nation '' is way beyond liberal . 
  i said america is n't an exclusive white nation because you are acting like only white people matter inside of the usa which is blatantly false . 
  if you think usa and russia are the same , well , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  no his rant included way more than native americans . 
  he considers literally every single ethnic group a `` nation '' . 
  yes , i specified finland specifically since they are different from norse . 
  i was pointing out that slavs are different from those two groups that are native to the lands north of them . 
  perfectly stated , except i think they are far worse than muslims . 
  the russians that act like that `` know '' they are superior since they once ruled over the country and they likely were moved over there for the express purpose of eradicating the sense of country that the baltics have and had . 
   especially coming from a person of supposedly hispanic descent , you would at least think that you would be able to recognise that the african american , mexicano , coahuila , native american tribes and so on are all nationally distinct from white america . 
  yeah sure you did n't . 
  you also tried to deflect my criticism of russia threatening their neighbors on a constant basis ever since the collapse of ussr by referencing a fucking war from the middle of the 1800s . 
  if that is n't whataboutism , literally nothing is . 
  the entire point of mentioning ridiculous deflections is to distract and defend and justify the current topic which happens to be russia being a dick per usual to neighbors . 
  by the way , there is plenty of substance in pointing out you have no credibility when you trash usa while thinking ussr was a paradise . 
  what strawman ? 
  i responded to your points . 
  nafta , america being only white , and your bullshit whataboutism on referencing things from hundreds of years ago to justify russia doing fucking over neighbors today being the main points of your comment with random religion being forced into there for the sake of ranting i suppose . 
  can we stop this false dichotomy that there is no socialism in the usa ? 
  i do n't pay attention to that kind of stuff . 
  i am just a loyal sheeple . 
  i 'm not as smart as / u/yellowcakewalk . 
  wake up people !!!, 
  end the fed !!!, 
  never forget wtc 7 !!, 
  i prefer to not put words in his mouth to let him specify on his own . 
  mexico is by far the biggest benefactor of the parties involved in nafta . 
  they get to trade with usa freely . 
  they do a huge amount of trade with usa . 
  this allows lots of investment money to enter mexico and lots of jobs inside of mexico that they possibly would n't have before the deal . 
  if anything it is more likely to hurt america considering they are the biggest economy inside of nafta and it is n't even remotely close . 
  referencing events from almost two centuries ago is on unheard of levels of whataboutism that i am not going to join in on . 
  it is also racist as fuck to insist that usa is only a `` white '' country . 
  sorry but yes , usa is a nation . 
  not every nation has to be one ethnic group . 
  i also do n't take people who think ussr was a paradise for the common people seriously . 
  you ca n't be this fucking stupid to reference 1800s as a counterpoint to ukraine in 2014 . 
  what nations ? 
  there are no nations inside of a nation . 
  that is nonsense . 
  what ? 
  do whatever you want . 
  no one listens to your drivel here . 
  this is n't / r/conspiracy . 
  all countries that join the eu drastically improve in their corruption levels . 
  just look at how the living standards improve for people in countries that recently join eu . 
  you are a moron . 
  usa is n't all about `` profit '' on arms sales . 
  they ban sales to certain countries and push for other countries to do the same . 
  you are either recently lobotomized or full blown paid shill . 
  i hope the checks are worth it . 
  / jews / lizard people / black helicopters / illuminati, 
  i was born in the usa , but all of my family is from portugal and most of my family lives in western europe . 
  i am aggressively pro-america and do n't make excuses for it , but i view the chance to be able to protect small nations with our military as a good thing . 
  i am very empathetic to smaller countries trying to hold on to their traditions , language , and culture . 
  i would be absolutely disgusted if america was invading and trying to take land from mexico . 
  the fact that there are tons of russians thinking putin walks on water while he bullies smaller neighbors pisses me off to no end . 
  i only wish usa could help even more . 
  i realize most americans do n't really care about what happens outside of their borders though . 
  yes exactly . 
  if they do n't like it , get the fuck out . 
  these russians are only there because russia tried to completely erase the culture of the baltics . 
  this is also the country that pushes propaganda that encourages russians to view the baltics as an area that is temporarily confused into thinking they are independent countries . 
  where is society without children ? 
  i do n't know how you do it . 
  i mostly lurk . 
  some of the idiocy is unreal . 
  many in there are reasonable i would say though . 
  but the bad ones more than make up for it . 
  russia is heroic nazi hunting nation and nothing they do is wrong so long as they are n't literally nazi era germany . 
  how you get banned ? 
  look at the top comment of your thread . 
  it was a guy celebrating that people died . 
  it is not reasonable . 
  this is n't london . 
  these are small countries that are trying to preserve their culture and these people are only there because of ethnic cleansing in the first place . 
  they can learn the language of the country they live in instead of trying to form a de facto little russia inside of it . 
  if they do n't like it i think they could find nearby countries that might be more receptive to russian speakers to their east . 
  russia has some balls to lecture baltic countries on minority rights . 
  that is a different conversation than the one you jumped into jerking off over dead people that do n't look like you . 
  yes and their crime is being born in the wrong country . 
  glad you celebrate their deaths . 
  we all know they were scumbags and thugs unlike the superior europeans . 
  yes , criminals from birth . 
  eu should send out their navies and air support and just blow every ship out of the water that does n't respond to radio requests to eliminate this criminal scum . 
  if they keep it up north korea will be the eritrea of asia . 
  us ca n't withdraw from nato . 
  they are nato . 
  i do n't dispute that for even a second , but i mean , it is n't like they wiped out the region of people through genocide . 
  that is like saying egypt was greek or roman since they were ruled by them . 
  does anyone think that brazilians are portuguese ? 
  slavs are clearly different from the people that remained natives in places like finland and norway . 
  yeah , because people willing to die to leave their country are scared of death ? 
  great job celebrating dead people like they are fucking terrorists by the way . 
  what perks does spain have in the eu that catalonia would lose ? 
  he straight up believes pointing out russia is more corrupt than eu makes you angry and delusional . 
  russia is far more corrupt than any country in western europe . 
  yeah like there is a shortage of people in their 20s that know everything .
