  only name countries that are more involved with russia than the usa for your answer . 
  next question , which countries would absolutely promise to go to war with russia no matter what if needed against any other country no matter how small or how big ? 
  this will help settle the isolated bit . 
  when i tell you that cuban government does n't represent the people , i am telling you that communist governments with all of their dictatorships and controlling of the people are a complete sham . 
  i am not suggesting that the usa invade cuba or anything . 
  i am just very much against dictatorships and have personal bias because my parents left their home country that was run into the ground by one . 
  i refuse to acknowledge there was a `` coup '' in ukraine . 
  there was n't one . 
  there was also elections called immediately afterwards . 
  they also kept all of the prior government . 
  this was n't some military takeover or any other such nonsense . 
  usa maintains good relations with neighbors through giving aid and using trade . 
  it does n't do this with threats of invasion like with russia . 
  i would never claim the usa is perfect , but it is a far better country than russia in every way imaginable . 
  russia has also made life in ukraine horrible . 
  ukraine is not overrun with nazis either . 
  you can see this with the election results . 
  it is also ridiculous to complain about nazis while russia has plenty of fascist behavior inside of its own borders and willfully funds hard right parties in the rest of eu . 
  russia gives zero fucks about nazis . 
  they only care about having a weak eu and weak neighbors to take advantage of . 
  russia should stop using so many sticks and stick to offering more carrots when it deals with other countries . 
  this is why russia ends up so isolated and marginalized and so many neighbors end up distrusting them . 
  it is n't propaganda . 
  it is just having open eyes . 
  their government is pure shit and russia should be doing so much better than it is now . 
  where did i say he is anti christ ? 
  what makes you think there is an embargo on cuba ? 
  russia attacking ukraine has made them very much against russia wish hurts them long term . 
  what do you mean by official taxes ? 
  this implies there are other ones . 
  usa has left other places when asked . 
  iraq being a prime example even though it ended up hurting the stability of the region with no one fighting isis . 
  regardless , it was mostly a side note that dictators do n't speak for their people . 
  being diplomatically recognized means nothing . 
  they make up a million excuses when the reality is they need outside enemies and they wanted to grab land . 
  ukraine was never pushed towards nato . 
  i am also not mad . 
  i just curse a lot in conversation . 
  i am not even remotely mad . 
  russia does not have the right to invade and annex europe but it continues to keep doing this . 
  it is isolated because of it . 
  meanwhile i sit here with an easy very well paying job and great benefits with low taxes in a country that does n't have a crashing currency and completely peaceful and safe . 
  how could i be mad ? 
  america has those bases voluntarily except for cuba . 
  they are n't annexing countries . 
  usa does n't complain about being isolated in the world , russia does . 
  there is a good reason for it based on how russia treats their allies . 
  there is no better judge of russia than the fact that almost every last neighbor is closer to the usa by choice . 
  having a us base is great for a country . 
  it means no outside country can attack it plus it brings economic activity . 
  russia does n't think long term . 
  they can only do russia stronk . 
  this is why warsaw pact is almost all nato . 
  russian government has been an abysmal failure for generations . 
  ah good . 
  maybe they should invade more countries to solve more russian problems then act like it is a conspiracy that russia is isolated due to fascist homo western propaganda . 
  but they were totally protecting people from nazis right ? 
  anything for that ridiculous wwii imagery . 
  no fucking shit . 
  that is literally my point . 
  cuban government does n't speak for their people though . 
  no dictatorship does . 
  that is my point . 
  who said i am mad . 
  fucking lol at invading ukraine being defensive and blaming other countries because of bluffs and acting like russia owns other countries . 
  it is 2016 , stick to playing victoria ii if you want to play sphere of influence . 
  it is absurd to think russia is not at war just because they are n't fully mobilized . 
  seriously annoying . 
  there is no way to not classify invading and annexing land as not a war . 
  just because once party is a lot weaker than the other does n't make it not a war . 
  it was a fucking trade deal , jesus . 
  russia has leased it for decades . 
  usa did n't lose their base in cuba even with regime change . 
  what do you normally call invasion with troops whether marked or unmarked and seizing of government buildings followed by immediate annexation ? 
  uh , you mean the things they always had in the first place and were not going to lose anyway ? 
  defensive invasions because moscow was being attacked , right ? 
  notice the reaction towards turkey defending itself . 
  russia ca n't do shit unless it is to weak countries . 
  the answer is always never be weak . 
  imperialistic brain washing bread . 
  shame you need to cross an ocean before finding an actual ally . 
  they first meaningful nuclear weapon tests were in the late 90s . 
  i understand it does n't happen overnight . 
  huh late 50s ? 
  they only recently obtained and tested nuclear weapons . 
  what bridge do you live under ? 
  excuse me ? 
  india and pakistan did n't give a fuck . 
  also , lol at the idea of sweden pushing for a nuclear capable military . 
   as long as i get to eat his kielbasa . 
  is this what ass for rent is being called now ? 
  how else do you practice killing people in neighborhoods without using the real thing ? 
  the point that it was supposed to be used to settle other big issues in a few short years after that . 
  how exactly is building more and more in west bank solving anything . 
  the only people that can defend that behavior are zionists . 
  even the usa gets fed up with the extremist israeli government . 
  it is based in ingolstadt . 
  i doubt there are many massive worldwide companies from there . 
  and killing bystanders inside of gaza does n't ? 
  trying to claim innocence to plow ahead and do anything you want is n't fooling anyone .
