  i will take those claims over the second greatest slav to ever live , alexander the great , second only to vladimir putin himself . 
  call yourselves turks instead . 
  i am sure that would go over well . 
  christ . 
  i hope they are doing archeological digs in random yards to keep better track of these migratory patterns and to learn more about these ancient people here in america . 
  i hope we are able to learn as much as possible about these murican tribes . 
  apparently it was n't just land bridges in alaska that lead to settlements but also airports . 
  they apparently tend to locate centrally around places of worship that resemble something along the lines of college football stadiums . 
  each separate sect tends to have separate identifying colors and spirit animals . 
  russia is still strong ? 
  are you nuts ? 
  they in fact do n't have food . 
  they have the largest country in the world and still need to import food . 
  europe can acquire oil from elsewhere . 
  russia 's economy is crashing and inflation is ramping up fast . 
  poland has a better quality of life than russia . 
  poland is literally doing better than russia in every way and you are sitting around moping and complaining because you ca n't be more like russia . 
  there is also zero chance of usa allowing even one russian soldier to invade poland . 
  usa sends military to poland constantly . 
  i can almost guarantee there are soldiers there this very second . 
  nato has multi national forces that are designed for rapid deployment purposely to protect eastern europe . 
  how exactly is poland supposed to be 100 % well of by being poor across the board ? 
  you sound like a communist who thinks money is evil . 
  if you think everyone being poor means everyone is well off because they do n't know better than i guess that could work . 
  seriously , how fucking negative can you be ? 
  you really are n't doing poland any favors with their stereotypes . 
  life in poland has literally never been better in their entire history and you are sitting around bitching about the imaginary emperor in berlin and jealous about poor isolated russians dying when they hit 60 and apologizing to your dead grandmother about the whole thing . 
  all that is missing is a painting of jpii in the background and you being drunk and you would be a perfect caricature . 
  lighten up , times are good . 
  enjoy it . 
  you passed test . 
  you are a good polish boy . 
  possibly gay though . 
  poland has really changed . 
  what the fuck did i just read ?!, 
  damn it , south , knock it off . 
  constantly embarrassing the rest of the country . 
  i am telling the pope about your gay innuendo . 
  did you just brag about belarus ?!, 
  norway is a small country sitting on `` fuck you '' money they dig right out of the ground . 
  sorry but poland is n't switzerland and it is n't going to be it by being neutral . 
  i also hate to break it to you but even in usa we have foreign investment . 
  how many people would have health insurance if there were zero highways being built ? 
  you would have no insurance and no income either . 
  you are putting a negative spin on everything . 
  you act like poland belongs to germany and yet say it is perfectly acceptable to sacrifice to a wild dog and ukraine is only a victim because it acted independently . 
  how are you not aware of these glaring hypocrisies contained in literally the same comment ? 
  foreign investment money and having allies does n't make you weaker . 
  i literally have tax money taken from me for you to be protected from russia by american military personnel in europe and you are complaining because poland is n't magically becoming rich by being isolationist which has never ever happened in their history . 
  even large countries like usa and russia ca n't be rich from being isolationist . 
  look at russia after only a few sanctions . 
  you are coming off like an ignorant yokel talking about spitting on your grandma just because you do n't kill every german you see on sight . 
  germany is a close ally and has done everything possible to make amends for horrible actions that were committed by people that are all dead . 
  if poland left the eu and nato they would n't become some super power . 
  they would be poor as fuck and would be russia 's bitch . 
  russia has zero sympathy for poland because they know damn well how much poland hates russia . 
  get your ass ready because those green men would be coming in dry . 
  you want to complain about being a target of russia due to taking sides ? 
  poland is protected from exactly that . 
  would you rather be open season for russia like ukraine instead ? 
  ukraine used to be a richer country than poland . 
  poland turned around because of being in the eu . 
  why are you so negative ? 
  what is this golden age that exists in your imagination that germany is somehow cheating you out of ? 
  sorry but you being `` independent '' is n't going to turn you into the swiss . 
  i hate to be the bringer of reality checks but that is just how it is . 
  join eu or stay irrelevant and poor and possibly occupied . 
  i am annoyed with you right now for forcing me into the position of defending germany . 
  i am saying the future of poland has never looked brighter while ruled by polish people and allied with western countries . 
  where are you getting this nonsense that poland is ruled by germany or eu ? 
  no one is occupying warsaw . 
  i think turkish politicians are using it for marketing and to draw eu investment money . 
  thank you . 
  google was just giving me a serbian leader from decades ago that led armies which i thought was cool for serbia . 
  that however is absurd . 
  who says poland has n't been ruled by poland ? 
  countries do n't exist in a bubble, 
  what is happening in nis ? 
  my family from western europe is 100 % apache now . 
  give casino money , please . 
  yes , well nationwide marketing and brainwashing does n't make it true . 
  this is like immigrants in america celebrating their native american heritage . 
  i ca n't even imagine how stupid you have to be to buy into that . 
  maybe russia should start taking credit for the mongolian empire too . 
  instead of being created by that empire they can literally act as though they descended from that empire . 
  greece should n't have to stand for this insanity . 
  greece can also be a powerful country and still suffer from terrorist attacks from delusional nationalists brainwashed from their own government . 
  this is all because the soviets fed them some bullshit years ago to get a port in the mediterranean . 
  good luck on winning the votes of cyprus . 
  instead they would fight against greece to liberate their rightful land so they can form a greater macedonia . 
  polish people did n't oppress women ? 
  great job on not oppressing blacks though . 
  i know there are millions of black people in poland all throughout history so this is a massive accomplishment . 
  poland acted like massive dickheads when they had power . 
  they just rarely had any power . 
  why are you comparing poland to hundreds of millions of people all throughout the world and using all of history as your metric . 
  that is a completely bullshit metric that exists only for you to look down on everyone around you . 
  who should poland look to instead then if not the `` evil '' west ? 
  i lost it at the comments when i saw serious comments referring to greece as fopog , former ottoman province of greece . 
  i can go read rt now and view it as balanced reporting lacking any bias .
