  you have to work down from a list first based on what makes us more powerful and richer and go from there obviously . 
  he seems like an ok guy to me . 
  we are n't talking about bin laden here . 
  what crime has he committed ? 
  i am relieved to have normal answers like yours after reading some of the prior replies . 
  no one is entitled to other people 's money . 
  if libya ca n't prosper without western money that is a failing of libya and not europe 's fault . 
  i just seriously hope you do n't get sick with the vast amount of rushing wind over your head right now . 
  why do n't you guys assemble your navies and do something about it ? 
  any meaningful support ? 
  i never said i supported iraq invasion . 
  i would have only been for it if they were actively trying to spread violence and weapons elsewhere especially things like chemical/biological weapons . 
  it is the end of a race that matters , not the start . 
  some people did and some did n't . 
  usa definitely has not won over the isis demographic though . 
  end of the day , europe did n't create the war in libya . 
  i am aware of the history . 
  i think it is childish to hate some politician from when you were a small child for economic reasons . 
  you ca n't blame the economic condition of a town on some politician from decades ago . 
  so she personally came through your town like a tornado leaving a virtual somalia in her wake ? 
  she was prime minister of a third world country ? 
  i think a huge issue with iraq was how it was managed . 
  bush was an 8 year disaster both inside and outside the borders of the usa . 
  there are democracies right on the border of syria . 
  yeah never again . 
  usa has lots of checks and balances . 
  so it is very hard to pass laws or get rid of them unless a huge majority is ok with it . 
  people who say that are specifically talking about people in libya , syria , iraq , afghanistan , etc. 
  i have a hard time defending wanting assad in power . 
  he is the one that caused his civil war and had zero issues slaughtering his own people . 
  impossible . 
  it has been challenged in court countless times and passed . 
  it is very hard to remove laws once they pass . 
  once a law is passed unless it expires it is extremely difficult to undo . 
  he would need to convince the democrats to go along with it . 
  it would also mean millions of people becoming uninsurable overnight and instant premium increase for people . 
  my parents grew up under a dictator . 
  i have zero sympathy for communists and their oppression . 
  i regard them like i do nazis . 
  demolishing ussr and freeing millions of people was a great accomplishment . 
  it is absurd to pretend people wanted to live under that russian empire . 
  it is mostly russian nationalists that downplay the horrors of that government and idiotic tankies that like to be anti west while enjoying all of its privileges . 
  the irony that they are able to openly show contempt for the system while being completely safe from punishment is completely lost on them . 
  yes and attacking a group of people that are slaughtering people that are different or refuse to follow them is considered war mongering ? 
  not that you said it yourself , but it is such a lazy attack i hear often about the nobel prize winner that loves to kill brown people . 
  as though attacking isis is the same as just wanting to murder `` brown '' people . 
  a massive change in the healthcare system is named after him by his opponents called obama care . 
  he was handed those wars . 
  the people that pushed for libya came from eu . 
  seriously , the rule of law and peace that exists is coming from those politicians . 
  is it a good sign when you need to build walls to keep people in ? 
  are you going to pretend places like the baltics were flat out not invaded and annexed ? 
  what makes you think a voluntary organisation like eu or nato would n't last longer ? 
  i mean , you think it is a good sign when you need to use ethnic cleansing and secret police to keep people in line and hold onto land ? 
  there is no way that government had a long term future . 
  because the ussr was built on forcing people to be a part of it . 
  voluntary organizations that give a shit about the people are more stable . 
  i realize that might be foreign to certain groups of people . 
  literally one criminal left after being violent towards protestors for months . 
  there were elections immediately after . 
  that is n't a coup . 
  a foreign military seizing land however is totally natural for you since russia does it so often . 
  totally `` organic and local '' as always . 
  i am not sarcastic . 
  why do you think this ? 
  yes , armed resistance is another phrase for russian land grab . 
  just stay on your side of the wall and you will be fine . 
  only because they would be talking spanish . 
  well just alaska you can see russia from your house . 
  no one cares about wyoming . 
  i kept shaking my head at how many alaska answers ended up in the regular 48 . 
  i did like big scotland though . 
  people are often hypocritical . 
  well i mean i am not furious with you . 
  i just have time to kill at work and need people to shit talk with . 
  usa also imports a lot of oil for the sole purpose of refining it and exporting it . 
  i realize that the usa is the biggest consumer . 
  i am just telling you that the reserves are massive and tech is always improving . 
  alternative energy is a factor as well that will lower demand . 
  what ? 
  the usa and canada have massive quantities of oil . 
  this is part of the reason that oil tanked . 
  would n't it be better to call it out when it actually does happen ? 
  so companies are dropping prices ? 
  well we disagree on the matter . 
  you ca n't provoke through attacks on georgia and then claim it is self defense . 
  i personally would not have fired back especially since my military was overseas at the time as well . 
  i think georgia was stupid even if justified . 
  anyone that wants to buy foreign goods is fucked far more than an overall inflation number . 
  i pay attention to any news i see about russia that i come across here regardless of positive or negative . 
  you realize that is a massive difference . 
  georgia gets fired on from stolen parts of their country and they can not retaliate ? 
  i did n't think it needed explaining . 
  i defended statements that were made by russians i know on here that are defending the russian government . 
  i guess i must hold your hand through each step ? 
  feel free to point out bs . 
  georgia has never fired into russia . 
  it is flattering that you spend time thinking about me . 
  elsewhere in this thread i agree with russians i know on here and defend them . 
  so there is that .
