  the japanese were getting attacked because they were literally invading half of asia and committing war crimes on a massive scale while doing so !, 
  america was defending itself . 
  they bombed japan to make it surrender . 
  japan obviously was n't just going to surrender from a friendly request . 
  comparing soldiers that were protecting a country that was attacked and were up against the atrocious armies of japan to hitler and the ss is beyond despicable bullshit from idiotic tree hugging hippies that do n't live in the real world . 
  how come the hippies did n't manage to stop wwii on their own before all the killing happened ? 
  there is no defending the actions of russia . 
  the only tool they own is a hammer and every country around them is a nail waiting to be pounded . 
  just look at their actions in lithuania and estonia since they are too protected to go to war against them . 
  they are the world 's largest asshole and they sit around pissed that everyone runs from them first chance they get as if everyone is supposed to forget russia 's long history of imperialism with zero slowing down of the record . 
  they only have gotten worse after they lost power and prestige . 
  they act like a has been that is pissed that they are n't a superpower anymore and use that inferiority complex to strike at their weaker neighbors because they are n't strong enough to attack the country they really hate , which is the usa . 
  meanwhile , usa literally could n't be bothered to give a shit about russia until they invaded yet another country . 
  usa was far more interested in paying attention to a country that actually matters , china . 
  usa does n't want to invade russia using nato countries . 
  they only want ukraine to join nato because the more countries that are in nato mean less war and more profits through increased trade and stability . 
  poland is a great example of this . 
  you think a country would allow itself to be split in half by another country ? 
  i do n't understand why i want the uk to stick together more than the actual people on the island . 
  were they drunk ? 
  but subs are scary as shit . 
  uk could have a sub sitting right outside st. petersburg right this second . 
  or a russian sub could be sitting right off the chesapeake bay this very moment . 
  you ca n't track a sub like a bomber trying to fly across alaska or canada . 
  not happy unless the whole map is painted eh ? 
  i will believe it when i see it to be honest . 
  i still think the countries that are n't the eastern border of nato will whine and complain about wasting any money on pointless military since they will never be invaded . 
  what exactly is usa lying about with nsa or assange ? 
  are you under the impression that france does n't spy ? 
  if you think russia is n't wrong in their daily actions because of your hatred of usa , well have fun with that . 
  i was n't asserting with you . 
  more curious than anything . 
  i was agreeing . 
  subs do seem like the best delivery option though . 
  quebec would never be allowed to leave . 
  move to eastern ukraine and see how your opinion changes . 
  but they do n't just think the government is full of shit , they think aid workers from all over the world are full of shit too . 
  it is absurd to be that ignorant . 
  i would never think people would need to be taught not to eat rotting meat much less consider it a delicacy . 
  pakistan is a smudge of a country ? 
  if pakistan is a smudge , what is portugal ? 
  you think the difference between missiles is paperwork ? 
  are you telling me the entire arsenal of uk goes on one sub ? 
  there is no freaking way france would give a shit if some city in the baltic was nuked . 
  at some point you have to blame the people . 
  why does government have to save the people from themselves ? 
  a poor nation is supposed to what have police at every corner breaking up markets left and right ? 
  i am sure that will go over smoothly . 
  they already openly admit anything the government says about ebola is done mastermind move to scam the entire world of their money . 
  i find that stupid conspiracy hysterical . 
  they think liberians who are mired in poverty are somehow more clever than the rest of the world . 
  well , very true . 
  i meant by europeans . 
  you are correct . 
  the american group was oppressive and it got really ugly when the native groups got revenge . 
  they were stupid enough to act receptive to the soviets and communism and usa helped the locals with a coup . 
  the country has also encouraged civil wars in neighboring countries . 
  giant cluster fuck of a region that could be printing money with their resources . 
  does n't get more ironic than west africa selling slaves and those slaves come back to oppress west africans . 
  of course the group getting overthrown from the help of america is also ironic . 
  you are right , but who cares ? 
  i watched for the video regardless of the crazy editorial stuff at the end . 
  the video itself was far scarier than any nightmare scenario they come up with at the end . 
  they are literally killing themselves with idiocy . 
  i would be horrified seeing that in person . 
  that sounds insane . 
  does spain spend more on police than their military ? 
  resources almost all over that are highly sought after that could make many of these countries rich and it is nothing but war and ignorance . 
  liberia is even more embarassing since they are probably the only real estate in all of africa to not get colonized . 
  they are there firsthand watching the bodies drop and they still think it is fake . 
  unreal . 
  i know that shit is real and am on the other side of the atlantic . 
  i do n't know what more proof you need to not eat rotten meat . 
  these are liberia 's version of bitcoin worshipers who think imf/un/usa is trying to organize a one world government using the nsa . 
  they are n't as secret as you think . 
  even russia has reasonable knowledge of us warheads . 
  they share info on account of treaties and also hard to hide from satellites anyway . 
  in the event of a nuke launch the targets in usa to be hit are n't so much large cities as the locations of usa 's nukes . 
  most of the nukes are aimed at nuke locations compared to actual large cities . 
  what makes you think uk , france , and usa do n't share information on nukes ? 
  usa even has nukes deployed in nato countries in europe among countries that do n't own them themselves . 
  you think nato is great , think nukes could exist in secret among allies in a military alliance , and fear usa going to war with eu . 
  these are all your opinions held at once ? 
  i do n't even know where to begin . 
  and apparently has outlived the creator of the sub even . 
  yes and everyone knows the entire usa subsists on minimum wage . 
  we are just poor peasants squeaking by . 
  good luck trying to duplicate the economy of finland into a population of over 300 million . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xastcdsdfmg this is all i have to say about ebola and liberia . 
  they are fucked for a reason . 
  you think bombs during a war is equal to systemic industrialized genocide ? 
  glad you maintained perspective . 
  those japanese were a friendly bunch protecting asia under their empire from the evil europeans . 
  why is there a problem with nato ? 
  it is n't like being a member makes your military owned by usa . 
  if usa for whatever crazy reason was enemies with eu the military of the respective countries would still belong to them and nato would have been dissolved for obvious reasons . 
  would never happen . 
  they ca n't do that now under nato and only look to cut defense more . 
  are we killing liberians that pop up positive or something ? 
  i was born here .
