  allies of usa prosper . 
  russia just abuses the shit out of every country they interact with . 
  they also threaten every country they have relations with in europe if they can get away with it . 
  look at usa relations with baltic versus when russia was there . 
  moldova was punished the second they even looked at eu . 
  russia is a pathetic thug that has zero positive qualities for a country to be allies with it . 
  everything is done under threat of violence . 
  gas station with nukes ruled by a murderous despot . 
  what is wrong with story ? 
  they are clearly violating wto anyway . 
  and putin is full of shit leading his country to being a pariah like best korea . 
  that is fact too . 
  the people on this sub almost never use ukraine sources . 
  who gives a shit about any news direct from ukraine ? 
  in the west we have people called journalists . 
  they give us news . 
  russia might catch on to this new fad in a few centuries . 
  no , direct dictation or under threat of jail or murder is not quite the same . 
  i am just preparing the story for future . 
  so when kennedy admitted bay of pigs he was lying until forensic evidence was provided and explained personally to you ? 
  or is that different because that was capitalist nazi ? 
  you are a pure troll . 
  why do you bother ? 
  literally no one believes a single word of your drivel . 
  putin has admitted he is full of shit after lying for months . 
  now he is the paragon of honor that decides all truth for nazi hunters all over the world ? 
  my opinions have been formed by journalists that have nothing to do with ukraine government . 
  maybe one century russia will have journalists in their country as well . 
  and usa hegemony is like the mongol horde . 
  yes because the main goal of russia foreign policy is sovereignty for smaller nations . 
  enjoy the third world conditions with your pals in best korea, 
  do n't forget the black flags . 
  those are just portuguese with an accent liberating algarve from eurofags . 
  i honestly thought you were serious until i saw it was you saying it . 
  i know they sometimes write articles that are perfectly fine . 
  i however am not reading anything from a website that uses nazis as a quick and easy way to describe non russian citizens without any irony . 
  hi , shadow !, 
  i was n't aware of suggesting whatever site that is either . 
  we are using trash blogs now for sources ? 
  seriously ? 
  of all places ? 
  ha , ok , fair enough . 
  let russia fuck with actual american interests and see how divided it is when it goes into revenge mode . 
  except eu is stupid easy to divide with just a few phone calls and be made useless with a couple trade offers . 
  explain iraq for me , please . 
  i 'm constantly told how usa did it for profit and all i see is trillions in debt from it . 
  i 'd love to see how one equals the other . 
  zero american cities bombed during said war . 
  good fucking lord , you are so full of shit . 
  uh ... what ? 
  many americans were pissed that snowden was treated as the enemy for what is essentially whistleblowing . 
  i also did n't realize america was one person with one opinion in a country with over 300 million . 
  we all hate each other and are at each other 's throats politically until something attacks us , so i assure you , we do n't share solitary opinions . 
  but yeah , whatever , just use whatever ammo you can get your hands on so the america jerk can proceed smoothly as always . 
  sure thing , nice story . 
  just like every cheater only did it that one time they were caught . 
  what makes you think usa is n't spying on germans for germany so germany can absolve themselves of responsibility while still getting access to data ? 
  you do n't know what the wives are into . 
  no , no , you do n't understand . 
  the germans are personally depressed that their close friends in the usa betrayed them . 
  now usa and russia are one in the same . 
  how dare the usa have spies unlike europe which does n't . 
  good lord , what an awful website . 
  more like if it is from rt i am not clicking on it . 
  i am not giving that tabloid money . 
  i could n't think of a worse possible news organization if i tried . 
  even worse is that it is straight dictation from moscow . 
  unless maybe north korea has international news station ? 
  the topic is ukraine . 
  do all russian trolls suffer brain damage and have adhd ? 
  when america sends special forces and tens of thousands of forces to seize the government and annex chunks of another country you can create a thread and i will talk about it with you . 
  yeah , i agree with you and that should go without saying . 
  i just was n't sure on the exact fiscal situation of austria . 
  that is why i said either debt or cuts elsewhere or a combination . 
  either of those sounds a lot better than having different areas of government sponsoring individual parts of the military . 
  that sounds like an absurd way to manage a budget . 
  i think it is preferable to have a steady defense budget versus bouncing up and down year to year . 
  i am fully capable of getting along with people i disagree with . 
  i never said i had a problem with you . 
  i just find your opinions on this trollish . 
  the earth and black flag flair are a definite pattern though . 
  i was n't trying to single you out . 
  yes it is just north of your country . 
  feel better about yourself now ? 
  hurr durr , stupid american !, 
  you are a smug piece of shit . 
  i have been to europe several times and have family all over western europe . 
  long story short : eat my ass . 
  do n't you think you ate being a bit harsh on people celebrating cheap cheese ? 
  go compare that to / r/russia and you will come running back here for relief . 
  people are just looking at the positives and are justifiably angry with russia . 
  in a macro sense it will hardly touch eu compared to russia 's damage . 
  of course that brings no relief to individuals that are closely affected . 
  i find posts by idiots claiming it did n't touch russia while putting eu into recession to be hysterical . 
  bots never learn . 
  yeah once you are elected you kill all the journalists and arrest all the political rivals . 
  then proceed with democracy by doing anything you want . 
  seems pretty normal . 
  do n't forget complete control of all media as well to prevent nazi propaganda . 
  ten years ?
