  it does n't change the fact that they are acting objectively better in every possible way to the russian government . 
  your entire comment was wrong . 
  you think germany is using elderly women on the front lines versus the professional armies used in the rest of europe ? 
  you use quotes around medically discharged as if that is a thing that does n't exist . 
  r/europe is n't as xenophobic as you are . 
  i am not part of any propaganda team . 
  i speak my opinions and you are free to speak yours . 
  i have zero intention of silencing you . 
  you though are constantly looking for ways to make people leave and censor them . 
  it is n't peace loving to watch a country get fucked and be more worried about your own hide . 
  you would sell out poland just as fast as you would ukraine . 
  what would be the general slovak opinion ? 
  i honestly ca n't understand former warsaw countries wanting to excuse russia 's behavior after suffering under it for decades . 
  definition of empire is outdated ? 
  since when is ukraine wanting to trade more with eu and russia invading them as a punishment and tries to steal more and more of their land somehow an indication of an eu empire ? 
  russia has the eu as their largest trading partner . 
  why the hell should n't the people in other countries be free to do as they damn well please . 
  the only imperialistic country is russia . 
  no western country is annexing ukraine . 
  i disagree on your comments about the moors . 
  there absolutely was issues between muslims and catholics . 
  that does n't mean i am trying to make the muslims look like the bad guys . 
  both sides were doing horrible things . 
  who the fuck said i wanted everyone here treating me like a god damn hero ?!, 
  you are the one all up in my personal business . 
  i should have rightly told you to pound sand . 
  what do you mean `` this is n't the us '' ? 
  it is a worldwide website based in the usa . 
  war in europe would involve a majority of american military . 
  what is your next comment , if you are a woman or old shut the fuck up since you wo n't be on the front lines ? 
  might as well take the vote away from them too . 
  sounds like you are just annoyed at what you thought was a clever jab not working so you just revert to putting words in people 's mouths . 
  sorry , not everyone is as willing to sell out countries left and right for their own selfish benefit . 
  the muslims absolutely were not friendly to catholics . 
  this does n't mean catholics were friendly to muslims either though . 
  i think it is a safe statement to point out catholic-muslim relations have had some serious rough patches the last thousand plus years . 
  just because the countries of portugal and spain did n't exist does n't mean there were n't iberians fighting back against the moors . 
  portugal formed as a country due to the reconquest of iberia and there was constant fighting back and forth in oporto with the river used as a border . 
  the initial invasion in the first place by the moors was n't friendly either . 
  none of this has anything to do with people choosing to align with eu and getting invaded for it . 
  no , the eu is not the moors . 
  imperialism is not allying and trading with a country . 
  it is invading a country and forcing it to do things against their will under the threat of violence . 
  russia is the imperialistic country acting in europe . 
  they always have been . 
  come again ? 
  portugal and castille were not some random tribes . 
  they absolutely did fight a united front and pushed the moors out to north africa . 
  portugal managed to succeed first and then they were eventually pushed out at granada . 
  people absolutely did care because people that did n't belong to the current ruling party 's religion were fucked in many different ways . 
  i am also not changing the subject . 
  you were the one completely removing context . 
  no one in the eu is invading ukraine or taking choices away from ukraine . 
  russia does n't give any choices . 
  you are invaded if you do n't do what russia tells you and you become part of russia . 
  there is no fallacy in anything i am saying . 
  you are out of your element . 
  on what planet is diplomacy considered telling the west that you control the foreign policy of other countries ? 
  yeah , fuck it , just join nato and get scared when it is your turn to need help and just hope no one remembers . 
  yeah , i was n't trying to say russia was getting kicked out of sevastopol either . 
  i just thought it had lots of strategic importance also with claiming more and more of the black sea for resources . 
  wow , great context . 
  yeah , those moors were so fucking friendly to the portuguese and spanish catholics . 
  eu is n't invading ukraine . 
  they vote for their government and the government promised to lean towards eu . 
  russia invades as punishment . 
  great way to maintain perspective . 
  american soldiers are literally keeping germany under occupation as we speak i guess . 
  i always thought russia had no bases that compare to the one in crimea and it would take years and years and huge investments to get anything up to par like the one they have in sevastopol . 
  and that it is essentially the best base in the black sea due to location and natural deep sea harbors . 
  i am fully aware of countries being against russia . 
  that does n't change that those countries are n't invading other countries and forcing them to hate russia . 
  ukraine genuinely hates russia all on their own at this point . 
  you are hoping for americans to be killed ? 
  you realize it is impossible to stop terrorist attacks 100 % for any country short of a tiny militant state like israel ? 
  i did n't realize offering ukrainians a better standard of living was imperialism . 
  sure does n't seem like `` same shit '' to me . 
  the issue is it has always been this way for russia . 
  they are permanently on the bottom of that list . 
  i do n't think that has always been the case with turkey for example . 
  the criticism also is about russia , not a claim that everywhere on earth except for russia is great . 
  so , while i agree with your point that is made , i just find it irrelevant to the topic . 
  i had to leave navy due to medical . 
  any other bullshit tangents you want to try ? 
  i am pretty sure usa-india ties are closer now than they have ever been from what i have read . 
  yes , that absolutely represents hundreds of thousands of military personnel in usa and also the rest of nato as well . 
  great way to distract from the actual truth that the only country you are worried about is germany when it comes to invasions and would n't give a shit if half the countries in europe were invaded . 
  edit : numbers, 
  yes , it absolutely is better objectively in every single way . 
  well , glad we got that settled . 
  except , i 'd consider 148 pretty damn bad . 
  yay , russia , not exactly the exact worst place on earth for everything !, 
  holy shit . 
  i hope someone invents planes or something . 
  eu forces should be defending their own damn continent instead of whining that they actually even have to a military at all . 
  eu forces are also disjointed and lack political will to be used . 
  who in their right mind tries to call us military small or ineffective ? 
  yes everyone knows russia respects treaties and diplomacy versus force and power . 
  public assertions versus reality do n't always match up . 
  they already captured crimea .
