  meanwhile they literally obliterate parts of their own country when they want to leave and make protesting illegal in their own country and kill off reporters who do n't say the right things . 
  russia has been playing this game for decades causing trouble all over their border . 
  six wars on their border in barely two decades . 
  but you are concerned with `` hypocrisy '' ? 
  yeah pretty much par for the course for russia . 
  then they act shocked when the rest of the world looks at their government like they are thugs . 
  i do n't see netherlands telling belgium how to run their government and invading flanders when they disagree . 
  well that is simply my point and it is incredibly hypocritical but pretty much par for the course . 
  russia has always been shipping people out there to prevent groups from forming an identity . 
  meanwhile they love fomenting unrest on their own borders in their favor and are more concerned about ethnic russians that are n't in russia while not giving a shit about their own actual citizens . 
  and they wanted to be shipped secretly to siberia ? 
  you do n't think they might have wanted to stay close to ukraine ? 
  you are very concerned with separatist groups not having a say in their own countries then ? 
  complete wishful thinking and creating things in your own mind . 
  it says russians confirmed russians did n't do anything . 
  shocking . 
  gee i wonder why russia does n't want ukrainians on the border and ship them to the other side of the country . 
  russia seems to love having russians across their own border . 
  wow i wonder why russian government has censorship of their media preventing the reporting of them acting like assholes on the world stage . 
  what next , you are n't aware of russia abducting people from neighboring countries in the baltics either ? 
  i knew russia had a victim complex but this is absurd . 
  russia flat out tried to erase other ethnic groups . 
  `` soviet '' my ass . 
  soviet just meant russian . 
  i can easily point to quotes from russians on this website that prove my point . 
  oh the guy that i voted for that openly lied about his biggest campaign promise and was a blatant puppet of the neighbor country that wants to control me . 
  i think i would survive . 
  especially since the parliament was still the same and he ignore and attacked protestors that complained for months . 
  sorry but he ditched even his own party . 
  and he was a crook that robbed the country . 
  this civil war also only exists because of the neighbor not getting what it wants in the first place . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  usa to impose a usa dictatorship ? 
  they ca n't stay or it would be an invasion of their allies . 
  imagine if european allies asked them to leave with their military on their bases and america just laughed and said nope . 
  it would be a second invasion . 
  usa ca n't control at the end of the day how they want to themselves . 
  they told usa to get out and the head of the government actively pisses off a majority of the country and allowed is to thrive . 
  usa ca n't do shit about it short of literally having a war on their own ally . 
  so russia was n't what ussr was based around ? 
  russification was n't a thing ? 
  putin is n't currently abusing interpol to make lives hell for people in the baltics for refusing to join russians in killing people in the baltics when they declared independence ? 
  another attempt to say russia did n't run ussr ? 
  why do n't you inform putin about how ussr is n't russia since he insists on trying to have people from the baltics extradited for not killing their fellow countrymen for the crime of not being ruled by russia . 
  amazing how you have leaders who think ukraine is n't even a country and belongs to russia yet there are always people that act like russia was an innocent victim of the ussr . 
  / r/whataboutiraq, 
  gee , i wonder why spain does n't recognize them . 
  i think without poring over the specifics of the situation that it is a safe statement that the uk is hands down a better country than either ukraine or russia . 
  ukraine deserves plenty of criticism , but i just see absolutely no way for me to defend any of russia ' actions other than `` this is my sphere and i do what i want '' . 
  you telling me the country does n't even have 1 % muslims ? 
  that sounds really low . 
  so what about the opinions of the remaining tatars that survived russia 's ethnic cleansing . 
  they get to go back to the country that tried to erase them ? 
  so if russia cleansed enough of latvia to get them to be 50/50 russian instead of only a quarter today , does that mean latvia is n't a separate country anymore ? 
  where was self determination in chechnya ? 
  i just saw an army invade and level it to the ground . 
  yes , they surrendered instead of coming out fighting while surrounded and outgunned and caught by surprise . 
  how does that make it any less of a siege ? 
  because they knew it was a farce to begin with . 
  why would tatars want to return to a country that did ethnic cleansing of crimea in the first place ? 
  that is the only reason there is even a russian majority in crimea . 
  what do you call sieged bases and occupying army ? 
  i would n't even care if it was done in a proper way , but russia thinks diplomacy is calling countries nazi and invading . 
  you also do n't break up countries every time you lose an election and do n't get your politician . 
  in comparison to who for their time ? 
  it was n't a nato operation , i just do n't know how to label the coalition of countries that were involved . 
  obviously it was mostly usa , but that goes without saying . 
  isis would n't be able to do shit if the government did n't kick out the us forces . 
  usa was simply complying with an ally 's request . 
  no one is responsible for the sectarian fighting that happens under maliki either other than iraq itself . 
  yes , they did . 
  they insisted on allowing training camps to be run in the open in their own country and harbored the leadership of a group that attacked usa and made other attacks on other countries around the world . 
  granted it sucks for the regular citizens inside of afghanistan , but there is no way to remove the taliban without war . 
  you have got to be fucking kidding me . 
  america never left japan since 1940s . 
  is that a disaster too ? 
  nato ca n't be blamed for the worthless government in iraq . 
  he was in afghanistan when the country was attacked . 
  he was able to escape to pakistan because of an idiot leader that diverted forces for a stupid war . 
  i agree with you , but sometimes wish usa could be as hard on freedom of speech as europe is . 
  i definitely see both sides of it having merit . 
  i wish usa could do this kind of stuff . 
  not always , you are right . 
  it was directed at the particular poster , not the reddit as a whole . 
  not enough anti-american circlejerking for your liking ? 
  send them all to syria in bikinis to solve this issue once and for all . 
  because they like killing people . 
  i get it . 
  good joke . 
  i wish . 
  presidential elections are sort of state funded but there is money everywhere . 
  democrats just tried to clamp down on that by limiting abilities of corporations to lobby but it was immediately shot down . 
   but why should i force others my believes onto them . 
  haha , everyone must be converted in usa . 
  we have politicians who openly admit using their interpretations of the bible as a basis on how to vote on laws . 
  oh , fair enough . 
  that is just religious voters having way too much influence . 
  they are also hypocrites . 
  they say and vote one thing and then will do the opposite . 
  go to a nascar race or a college football game in the south and everyone is completely trashed .
