  shit , i work for a german company . 
  i think germany is great . 
  my family emigrated from western europe right before i was born . 
  i am not some ignorant murican bashing eurofags . 
  just look what happens when it goes to china . 
  they ca n't bargain and are forced to sell gas for much cheaper . 
  sorry , i meant fuel in general . 
  you are correct . 
  we could . 
  i simply was n't talking about france or uk because it was n't a topic . 
  i can criticize usa as well if it is a topic . 
  i was n't trying to single out germany . 
  the conversation mostly stemmed from a german using the words usa and threat in the same sentence and equating usa with russia which is absurd . 
  even more ridiculous was being happy with chinese having power considering their history . 
  yes , because your sarcasm has no actual points and no one suggested war anywhere . 
  the only war that is happening is on russia 's end with their actual invasions . 
  but eu are the warmongers because of talking about sanctions . 
  amazing when it comes to proportion . 
  putin is such a poor victim . 
  i gave you a quote !, 
  i am referencing the deal that would allow russia to shut off oil to countries like ukraine and still collect money from western europe . 
  russia uses the soft power of oil prices and delivery on repeated occasions . 
   protection of what ? 
  i do n't consider russia a bigger threat than the us . 
  military expenditures by country . 
  also , threats are reserved for enemy . 
  you made references that usa needs to be kept in check to prevent their invasion of europe and compared the country to russia or china . 
  chinese citizens ca n't even move freely inside of their own damn country . 
  [ here is a story from a few years ago . 
  ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052970204190704577026090216554770 ), 
  where did usa invade and annex ? 
  it is literally the same thing . 
  threat and enemy are the same . 
  you do n't consider allies a threat except maybe wwii but then again ussr was not a real ally . 
  i say that about poland because the excuses are ukraine is n't eu . 
  only thing that matters is eu . 
  they are literally invading and annexing land in europe and europe sits on their hands while germany sells out eastern europe with pipeline deals with russia so russia can threaten eastern europe economically even more effectively . 
  eu sits there getting divided and russia plays all the countries against each other to their benefit over money . 
  so usa can invade germany since the troops are already present ? 
  can you take over a city so long as you pay rent in a building there ? 
  the politician was a crook and he fled the country with cash in tow . 
  you think usa can just flip a switch and create a rebellion anywhere in the world ? 
  should n't take many comments to get the gist . 
  in case anyone forgets with anything that happens in the world , what about amerikkka ? 
  ok . now make a movie for the eu poster . 
  i need the full propaganda effect . 
  just swap in a mistral there for fearsome russian military . 
  russian self defense forces inbound . 
  jokes aside , what better way to get russians feared around the world than to use ethnic russians as a back door for any invasions . 
  if that does n't promote ethnic cleansing i do n't know what does . 
  which eu countries were annexing land ? 
   protection of what ? 
  i do n't consider russia a bigger threat than the us . 
  military expenditures by country . 
  your words . 
  i honestly do n't understand how a german could ever possibly contemplate sentences that involve usa invading europe . 
  you lack any perspective . 
  the cold war happened right in the middle of your own country and split it apart . 
  you must be young is my only rationale in my head to hold your opinions . 
  look at how germany reacted to the balkans , libya , mali , etc. 
  complete lack of leadership . 
  there are invasions happening right now in europe and germany sat on their hands . 
  usa has been begging the eu to lead in their back yard . 
  it is n't the eu or nato is a bullshit answer as well . 
  good thing poland joined quickly enough otherwise germans would be saying the same thing to a russian invasion there as well . 
  would have helped in georgia . 
  it most definitely is n't a defensive weapon . 
  what country did usa invade and annex ? 
  all of it is a response to putin !, 
  you think the talk comes from thin air ? 
  what is similar to ukraine ? 
  you consider them equal ? 
  compare east germany to west for the real answer . 
  you are delusional . 
  one of the countries is annexing land in europe while the other is an ally for almost a century without interruption and helped rebuild the country . 
  bit yeah i get it . 
  you just learned spies exist . 
  just wait until you learn germany has spies too . 
  your head might explode if you find out the rest of europe has them too . 
  why not compare texas to chechnya ? 
  or really anywhere else in usa . 
  you are self serving and delusional . 
  usa regularly spends money on allies that it will never get back . 
  it quickly brought forces to nato countries in eastern nato to calm them down while as per usual germany does nothing . 
  germany just wants to make money off europe but has no damn clue how to lead . 
  europe trusts usa to lead far more than they do wavering germany . 
  meanwhile you sit there thinking usa wants to invade western europe . 
  you are as deluded and paranoid as the 9-11 truthers and tea party idiots in this country . 
  ah but i forgot . 
  you do n't consider them equal . 
  you in fact consider the real threat and enemy to be usa more than any country in the world and a bigger threat than russia who is lying their ass off and invading germany 's neighbor . 
  those actions are in stark contrast to poland and the baltic 's attitude of being grateful that usa sends forces when asked . 
  countries like the uk actually have the balls to lead instead of trying to be swiss lite . 
  too bad they view eu with suspicion . 
  eu politics is fucked up , but then again all politics are . 
  i despise the politics inside of the usa for instance . 
  well , might as well mention ukraine is puppet fascist regime of usa if you want accuracy . 
  russia has already said ukraine might have shot it down with their jet fighters through their mouthpiece rt. 
   another neighbor yes , totally not russia . 
  it is the `` rebels '' who just happen to be russian born citizens from russian military and intelligence .
