  these people are genocidal . 
  the boston bomber was just some kid . 
  what they did was awful , but it was n't a government supported action . 
  there is n't any reason to invade chechnya . 
  it would make no sense . 
  i also do n't care about terrorists living in germany . 
  i mean , i obviously do n't want any harm coming to any germans , but i do n't blame german government for their actions . 
  osama was n't just inside of afghanistan , he was hosted there as a honored guest . 
  why are you creating strawman arguments in saying any country can be invaded for simply having people there . 
  it was no secret that osama was there . 
  the comment about cars killing people was me making fun of your civilian shooting comment . 
  a terrorist act that causes insane amount of death and financial damage and fear is not just some random violent criminal . 
  it was a serious matter . 
  why is it imperialistic to defend allies ? 
  i still do n't understand that . 
  usa has one base on the planet that pisses people off . 
  they obtained it under from a lease from the prior government . 
  every other base is under agreement with the local government . 
  usa is a guest everywhere . 
  iraq asked them to leave and they did . 
  they then promptly asked them to come right back . 
  imperialists do n't give a shit about allies and they do n't listen to allies either . 
  they take over land and do whatever the fuck they want . 
  if your country was invaded , i would want usa to be there to help you and keep your country safe . 
  i do n't support usa taking over countries . 
  i support usa helping people and attacking usa 's enemies . 
  i am critical of usa actions judged on their own . 
  i do n't sit around and say they are evil because they go to war too much over 200 years . 
  i thought usa was wrong for iraq , but the way you talk , you are basically saying usa is wrong for even existing . 
  it has lots of allies that ask for favors . 
  usa takes all of their alliances very seriously . 
  it comes when called otherwise they look undependable and usa would lose influence all over the world . 
  usa needs to be trusted in order to keep friendly relations . 
  also , fuck analogies . 
  i 've heard so many damn stories about canada and mexico and all this other nonsense turning against usa . 
  ussr fell in 1991 . 
  ukraine is not a `` made up country '' . 
  they are a group of people that have been invaded a long time ago against their will . 
  they have been trapped in ussr just like the baltic countries . 
  they have suffered genocide and ethnic cleansing and russians tried to erase ukrainian culture over the years . 
  after 1991 russia had over two decades to make ukraine a close ally . 
  instead they have pissed ukraine with aggression and pushed them away . 
  putin has no one to blame but himself for having ukrainians angry with russia . 
  i genuinely hope ukraine joins eu . 
  i want them to have a chance to have a good life like other countries that have joined eu . 
  i want them to feel safe . 
  no one should have to live in trapped in poverty and in fear of violence just because of politics . 
  i only wish usa could do even more to help them . 
  loser never gets to tell their side ? 
  they always get a chance to tell their side . 
  who said usa is always right ? 
  i have said repeatedly iraq was bullshit . 
  sorry about length . 
  i did n't want to ignore any of your points . 
  fuck that shit . 
  hey , you are more than welcome to make your case on how putin is great for latvia . 
  i 'm all ears . 
  in fact tell the people here from latvia as well . 
  the eu does n't have a unified position on crimea that runs counter to the mayor 's silence or anything . 
  i 'm not mixing anything up . 
  i know where the immigrants are coming from . 
  they try to cross anywhere they can whether france , malta , greece , spain , etc. 
  the pirates operate around somalia typically where there is huge amounts of trade . 
  i was n't clear enough . 
  i was saying two things a navy is useful for . 
  as it stands now nato already does operate off the horn of africa with many different countries involved to keep the area policed along with the obvious heavy us presence . 
  ask them to sign a human rights charter ? 
  they are killing civilians in mass executions . 
  they are killing anyone that is n't sunni and even sunnis are n't safe . 
  they are a threat to the whole region . 
  even sunni governments in the region are attacking them . 
  they are not a government . 
  they are a roving band of war criminals that delight in chopping innocent people 's heads off . 
  it is n't just usa that is attacking them and there are eu countries joined in also . 
  the countries in the region are asking usa for help . 
  you say perpetual war , but afghanistan would n't have had a war if they were n't harboring bin laden and letting him and his associates use the country for a base for hiding and training as honored guests . 
  the first gulf war was not initiated by usa . 
  you just see usa involved in something and automatically they are the evil imperialists ? 
  what did you think was going to happen after 9-11 ? 
  oh we lose people in car accidents too , no big deal ? 
  i 'm not going to defend iraq . 
  bush fucked that up from the start up until he finally left and i 'm disgusted with his entire presidency . 
  it is n't imperialistic to be the only country that is strong enough to fight back with overwhelming force to defend allies . 
  usa has no interest in taking land . 
  it just wants stability and no one attacking usa allies . 
  i mean , how do you even say with a straight face isis and human rights in the same sentence . 
  usa also is n't to blame for anything in ukraine . 
  usa was n't the one causing dead ukrainians . 
  usa has tried to put a stop to it as peacefully as possible along with eu . 
  i do n't understand what you mean by `` think more defensively '' in regards to usa . 
  europeans telling americans they do n't know what war means comes off a bit ridiculous as though they were in trenches or something last week . 
  nato has n't had war in europe in 70 years . 
  who exactly is around from that ? 
  usa had nyc and dc attacked and lost thousands a hell of a lot more recent than anything happening in europe . 
  iraq was obviously a giant disaster and it was a relief to finally have bush gone . 
  what exactly is usa supposed to do with isis ? 
  the countries in the region want the usa to go in there . 
  isis is n't after usa . 
  they are muslims that are attacking muslims . 
  their power blows any prior organization away .
