  i also do n't hate russians or anything like that . 
  i do n't get what you are getting at . 
  i never said life in usa was perfect . 
  there is lots of shit i wish was better . 
  i try to vote the best i can to reflect that . 
  i 'm not sure what more you think i am able to do . 
  when usa does bad shit , i criticize it . 
  when russia does it i criticize it . 
  i think iraq was fucked up start to finish . 
  you keep talking about usa writing history . 
  i openly criticize usa as do many of their citizens . 
  that is false about usa only comes when it feels like it . 
  usa comes to the rescue of friends all over the world and always has . 
  where does usa tell allies to go fuck themselves ? 
  i 'm not saying usa is perfect . 
  i have been saying usa does bad things from the beginning of the conversation we have had . 
  i 'm simply saying to judge actions on their own regardless of who does them . 
  comparing ukraine to new jersey is a disgusting attempt at apologizing russia 's actions . 
  usa is usa today because the people wanted to join . 
  puerto rico and philippines belonged to spain . 
  sorry , are you blaming usa for giving them freedom or allowing puerto ricans to join usa whenever they want and in the meantime have all the perks of americans with even better tax perks as a territory ? 
  puerto rico is n't occupied . 
  they are free to leave at any time . 
  i repeat , usa does fucked up shit . 
  i hated bush . 
  i still do . 
  i 'm disgusted by his actions . 
  i could n't stop it . 
  i 'm sorry for the affects usa has had in parts of the world . 
  that does n't preclude me from being happy when usa does the right thing in the world or criticizing bad actions from countries or people . 
  you can think i am naive , but my family emigrated here from western europe for better economic opportunity . 
  i think i am fortunate to have had an easier life by being born here unlike them . 
  usa is a huge rich country and i 'm willing to have my taxes used to help the less fortunate and to help poorer countries . 
  i think the us military can be a force for good and so can the military forces of the eu . 
  i 'm happy that eu is helping . 
  i 'm completely disgusted with isis and the sooner they lose power the better . 
  i 'd be willing to be there right now in the military to help myself . 
  i 'm not sitting here in a bubble in safe north america . 
  why the hell is what about usa always the reply ? 
  who said i am ok with usa allowing people to die ? 
  by the way the usa does n't do that . 
  usa is far from perfect and they have caused instability in latin america . 
  i am glad that usa maintains a huge coast guard that saves people at sea . 
  latin americans are humans and so are africans . 
  there is nothing wrong with these people and they are just like us . 
  they want the same things we do . 
  in fact i wish usa copied some of the things sweden does in regards to how people are treated . 
  what makes you think jordan is n't also taking refugees ? 
  jordan is filled to the max way beyond anything sweden is dealing with . 
  i 've seen something like where 20 % of the country is at least a refugee at the moment . 
  that is wrong . 
  the risk is taken for a reason . 
  the conditions at home are horrid . 
  desperate people do desperate things . 
  the whole situation is gut wrenching . 
  for better or worse , western countries have been complicit in creating the situation where africa is currently in . 
  i do not suggest that everyone in africa should be moved to bavaria or anything . 
  i simply think people should be treated with dignity . 
  i know we disagree on things , but if the situation were flipped i would want you helped with no hesitation . 
  usa does n't keep all their illegal immigrants , but they rescue them when they can and keeps an extensive border patrol and coast guard to prevent deaths . 
  there is n't anything wrong with latin americans . 
  they are humans like anyone else and that applies for africans as well . 
  yeah , when people think of rich governments , they definitely do n't think of germany . 
  my first thought is libya . 
  seriously , this attitude just is full of `` fuck you , i got mine '' . 
  yeah , it is almost like he is a politician and people are allowed to disagree with him . 
  the official policy of eu disagrees with him and so do i. 
  what planet do you live on where it is wrong to criticize politicians for their beliefs ? 
  i 'll pass on that kind of `` acceptance '' . 
  who is imperialist in ukraine when usa is n't the one that tried to erase ukraine in the first place . 
  usa also did n't commit genocide against ukraine and did n't invade ukraine and force it to be a part of russia against their will . 
  you are just making excuses for russia . 
  the 13 colonies joined together because they wanted to . 
  the people in every single state had to vote with a massive majority in order to join as a state/commonwealth in the usa . 
  usa has given away territory because the people wanted to be independent . 
  this happened in the philippines for a huge example . 
  puerto rico is an example of a place that can join usa when they want or be completely outside of usa , but instead they prefer to stay as a territory . 
  it is a joke to compare the poverty in usa to ukraine . 
  the average pay in ukraine is far below poverty in the usa and usa provides various benefits to the poor . 
  that is above and beyond the america is always wrong alternate history to say anywhere that gets invaded it is wrong to ask for usa to help since it is their ally and for usa to come help . 
  `` diplomatic solution '' would have worked great to save europe when hitler invaded . 
  then the evil usa would n't just come in and killing people left and right . 
  no one is forced into being a usa ally . 
  they come to usa and ask for protection . 
  they do it because they know the usa will come when asked . 
  usa takes care of friends . 
  usa also was n't committing genocide in iraq . 
  almost all of the violence in iraq is iraqis killing iraqis . 
  what part of history would you like to rewrite where eastern europe all of a sudden likes russia and did n't voluntarily ask to join eu and nato . 
  no one is forced into not being a russian ally . 
  russia is isolated from the rest of the world , not the usa . 
  the reason is russian foreign policy towards `` friends '' consists of threats and invasions . 
  i love that you try to make every usa action as bad and yet just wipe away genocide by isis as `` yeah , no big deal , governments do that , let 's get them to promise not to with a piece of paper . '', 
  for some reason the people that are there are like usa 's ideas of help better than yours . 
  what ? 
  ok , couple things , i meant exactly what i said when i said mass executions . 
  there are people that barely survived . 
  they were rescued last minute . 
  they would pile people up into trucks and take them out into the desert and have them leave and just start shooting at them until they all died under the pretense of they were moving elsewhere . 
  it was fucking horrifying just to listen to it .
