  where is usa media saying this ? 
  is there anything he says that does n't induce wanting to punch him ? 
  well to be fair , it would be insane to think of usa in the pro west crowd in such a controlled government . 
  i thought people were trying to blame hk protests on usa ? 
  is that wrong ? 
  yeah , already bad enough that they made bullshit assault bans and force you to sell it out of the state or give it to state . 
  i do n't even think you can pass them to family . 
  throw in seven round limit and it is just a race to the bottom on who can pass more pointless laws between ny , nj , dc , and ca . 
  good , france is a sovereign nation , not a little kid that needs a time out . 
  that has been proven illegal in other states . 
  chicago lost on the ability to pass laws on the local level that differed from illinois . 
  new york might as well get it over with and start knocking on doors and confiscating at the rate they are going . 
  oh yeah so usa is going to do what differently ? 
  go ahead and explain versus red line talking points . 
  new york is bullshit . 
  nyc might as well have a picture of 2nd on fire when you cross the border as well . 
  even if it was usa by itself it would n't threaten nukes first . 
  usa is n't giving away leverage to have all of usa destroyed . 
  that is n't even remotely how things should work in usa . 
  my first purchase took under ten minutes . 
  i hope you are wrong . 
  i do n't want to see over 100 million people resigned to that fate . 
  it benefits no one except russian elite . 
  i ca n't believe russian people think that suffering is a sign of strength . 
  their neighbors that joined eu all went from vassals to being on their way to surpassing russian living standards if not already there and better . 
  it is pure lunacy . 
  if russia westernized the country would have phenomenal growth potential . 
  well i just feel there are different levels to a language from formal to spoken slang . 
  they each have their uses . 
  you are right . 
  there are quite a few people in / r/russia that left russia to go to usa and yet they rail against usa and talk about putin and his greatness . 
  actions speak louder than words though for those keyboard warriors . 
  they applaud his lunacy while suffering zero consequences living a comfortable life in texas oblast for example . 
  the fact they sport their russian flairs makes it even funnier . 
  such phonies . 
  i did n't explain myself clearly . 
  not austrian the country , but the school . 
  austrian economics is what i referenced . 
  it is a minority view in the world or at least it is in the usa . 
  it does n't work . 
  he was an amazing one of a kind leader for his cause . 
  yes you absolutely can be racist and religious . 
  there is slavery in the bible for crying out loud . 
  the kkk is a religious organization . 
  in the usa the most religious and racist sections of the country overlap . 
  tolerance and religion do n't mix regardless of the actual message . 
  you have people that rationalize what religion means to them all the time . 
  it is exaggerated even more with protestants due to the decentralized nature of the religions . 
  but these expressions you speak of are clearly improper just like slang . 
  you would n't use them in formal speech . 
  there are different levels of speech . 
  i do understand that languages develop with time . 
  english absorbs lots of foreign words and many foreign language speakers intersperse english words in their speech as english becomes more global in reach . 
  i see this all the time while watching international television . 
  i understand your point , but i still prefer to say things properly . 
  usa never promised to defend ukraine . 
  nato is a whole other story . 
  if putin thinks he can use crimea as a stepping stone for baltics he will be in for a surprise . 
  i do n't believe crimea changes anything with usa . 
  eu has continued to expand east and nato as well . 
  russia has only continued to get more isolated since 1991 . 
  i understand that russia has vastly increased their defense spending , but they are no match for western military forces . 
  russia allowed their military to fall apart after 1991 and most of their economy depends on eu . 
  i mean , anything is possible , but it would be practically suicidal for russia 's economy and standing in the world . 
  russia would turn into a larger north korea with a move like that . 
  that post was complete utter sarcasm on my part . 
  i applaud anything that counters germany 's fiscal policies inside of the eu . 
  putin will fail if he attempts something like that . 
  usa could never allow nato to fail . 
  it would destroy usa hegemony all over the world instantly . 
  could you link it to me ? 
  i 'm interested in seeing the prediction . 
  what the hell is sniper-spotting equipment ? 
  i hope you are wrong . 
  i at the moment assume russia will continue to try to take ukrainian land or expand their vassal republics . 
  i could n't imagine russia having the nerve to attack a nato country . 
  and that is fine , but i 'm telling you that i eat bread with almost every meal when i 'm at home and there is n't any that looks like your first picture . 
  i also know what someone means when someone says `` they could care less '' about a topic . 
  that does n't make it right . 
  that is an absurd scenario . 
  russia would never have an embargo . 
  i could n't even imagine what russia would have to do to have the whole world embargo it . 
  what is `` american '' bread ? 
  americans have access to all kinds of bread including baguettes . 
  i 've lived with french people and i 've seen them eat it right in front of me . 
  there was nothing about anything the nsa was doing . 
  it was all public knowledge but people did n't pay attention . 
  this proves what , exactly ? 
  that usa literally controls everything that happens in the world ? 
  i 'm aware the cia exists . 
  and i support the afghanistan invasion to this day . 
  i supported the iraq invasion when i thought the wmds were far more prevalent than the reality . 
  i also only supported it based on the assumption that it would only be carried out with a game plan . 
  instead there was nowhere close the the amount of wmds there that governments were claiming and it was a giant clusterfuck on the handling . 
  the support for iraq would not have been there if the truth was known ahead of time . 
  once you are in it is too late . 
  why you say that ? 
  i do n't expect to control a country of hundreds of millions of people based on my opinion alone . 
  because i 'm going to base my beliefs on what conspiracy theorists spout . 
  interviewed ?
