  what a pathetic excuse , it is too late to reform ? 
  great rationalizing for russia to not improve the lives of their citizens . 
  what a joke . 
  turkey is bashed here all the time . 
  once again , do you hear of any american neighbors fearing that they will be invaded and annexed ? 
  do you really need the list of occupied de facto russian land grabs just since the ussr fell ? 
  where is the usa trying to annex and get bigger ? 
  does mexico and canada live in fear of the usa ? 
  so , yeah , what is your point ? 
  maybe they are shooting at places that shoot at them ? 
  last i checked georgia was doing things to georgian territory . 
  why ? 
  that is what happened . 
  it was indirectly . 
  ukraine was invaded because of its relations with eu . 
  ha , well , no , of course they are n't . 
  you did n't type that in french , you know . 
  which were a response to theirs . 
  you forgot rape . 
  you know your history is fucked when you can say with a straight face that you would be happy for a russian invasion . 
  i ca n't think of a country with worse neighbors . 
  the british fuck europe plan that has lasted for about 1000 years . 
  if you are bragging you need to drop the last sentence to do it right . 
  well that is why stereotypes are funny in the first place . 
  how about port wine ? 
  they could try having good relations for once . 
  if places like the vatican can survive for centuries , i think the biggest country in the world can stop being obsessed with getting bigger . 
  you are right but have the wrong flag . 
  what a complete crock of shit . 
  japan, 
  weird , right ? 
  who brags about nukes ? 
  what , russian neighbors do n't deserve to do as they please because of napoleon ? 
  what makes russia rulers of half of europe by birthright ? 
  friedman was the one excusing invasions and taking land as though it is justified , not me . 
  somehow the rest of europe can get along fine after hitler . 
  last i checked france and germany are not invading countries to create buffers to protect themselves from each other . 
  only russia is obsessed and paranoid amd doing absolutely nothing to modernize their country other than throwing whatever money they have at their military that is n't handed to putin cronies . 
  is it accurate ? 
  how is that relevant when the gdp is enormous and rates are so low ? 
  as a consequence of their invasion and annexation of yet more land in europe . 
  not because russia exists and is getting bullied and singled out . 
  you do n't get to play victim while you are the one invading . 
  russia invaded and occupied how many countries in europe before finally being sanctioned ? 
  russia straight up thinks any piece of land that has ever had russian control is potential future russian territory that is temporarily not russia . 
  boo hoo , russia the largest country in the world is soooo small now and really needs more land for defensive purposes . 
  no one is attacking russia , they are the ones constantly invading europe . 
  marxists do n't mean literal karl marx unless he is back from the dead and running eu . 
  who associates business deals with marxists ? 
  your posts are angry gibberish . 
  what marxists are you talking about ? 
  what a high bar . 
  i simply corrected the original comment that dismissed the usa for doing less than germany when the usa was pushing far harder than germany for action . 
  all of that is true but you make it seem like american sanctions and criticism count for nothing . 
  what else is the usa supposed to do ? 
  if russia never invaded , there would be no sanctions . 
  one of the greatest italian people in history . 
  but that is n't usa trying to push trade on eu . 
  i mean , usa literally bans exporting gas amd i do n't think much at all leaves the country . 
  that seems to be more from the eu side . 
  usa on their own could do more to sell gas . 
  no just milk them dry economically while scolding them and forcing failed economics on them . 
  last i checked , eu has plenty of support for attacking isis . 
  prove it, 
  there were zero sanctions on buying oil and gas , so what are you talking about ? 
  what you think america competes with russian products in eu ? 
  does ford have nightmares of lada competition ? 
  they sell oil and gas and nothing else that matters . 
  getting away from oil/gas dependence on a country that uses fuel commodities as a political weapon is smart , period . 
  last i checked the alternative looked like norway . 
  i suppose the usa always has to be pushed like some conniving mastermind playing everyone to their benefit and it could n't be that russia is acting badly and should be punished to hopefully prevent it from doing worse . 
  lol at thinking culture changes that quickly at the border . 
  usa was the biggest proponent of sanctions . 
  how about we talk about how germany treats the provinces in the eu to be fair ? 
  said the canadian . 
  that is fucking great . 
  that is literally what foreign relations does in every country . 
  that article was absolute shit . 
  i am sure eastern europeans love being talked about like russian pawns amd buffers . 
  gee , i wonder why they flee to the west in the first place . 
  what makes you think offer countries are n't vulnerable like the baltics or poland . 
  poland has been completely wiped off the map repeatedly . 
  russia has no right to lord over other europeans . 
  if they want to interact with the rest of europe they can do it like normal people versus at the barrel of a gun . 
  no one is cutting off russian trade amd no one is stopping them from developing infrastructure in their country either . 
  your first comment was still beyond dishonest . 
  yeah , those poor taliban are so discriminated against for their terrorist activities . 
  it is totally because of where they are born and their `` opinions '' and no other reason . 
  i do n't judge opinion by flair . 
  i clearly am talking about how russian government acts . 
  whether some finlandization victim agrees and excuses russia is irrelevant . 
  what makes you think russia has that kind of logistics and why is everyone so nuke crazy ? 
  lies of omission . 
  yeah you missed the whole northern alliance part eh ? 
  how convenient . 
  others also pointed out the lies you spread . 
  i am not the one spreading lies . 
  if he still believes it , you could send him back in multiple trips . 
  you know what , you live with him then to verify the former part . 
  many of the people that were supported by the west against the soviets were the same people fighting with help from the west once again against the taliban .
