  100 % denial is possible for whole episode . 
  to this day russia denies that border crossings happen by their aircraft even when countless countries make the claim all about russia . 
  russia even bitches about planes that loiter outside of their airspace as though it is a violation that is equal to their actual air space invasions . 
  so you are saying that the majority of russians are naturally ignorant by virtue of being russian ? 
  it is pretty hard to blame only russian government when these attitudes are present in people that do n't even live in the country . 
  yes , all those ukrainians out in the street that had legitimate complaints and were being killed by the government for protesting were all bought off by cia . 
  it is very easy to believe any fantastical story when literally 100 % of the proof is wrong because usa controls the whole world . 
  it is the usa and 6 billion puppets on cia payroll . 
  look at the track record of countries that have joined eu . 
  why would ukraine shut down industry in their own country ? 
  those countries that used to be occupied by russia and now are part of nato and eu are now richer than russia . 
  eu also is n't threatening to invade countries that refuse to trade exclusively with them . 
  but , yes , i 'm glad russia is fighting all the nazis and shadow governments controlled by usa . 
  the whole world is conspiracies everywhere . 
  what a crock of shit . 
  are they even still trying to pretend it is n't just a turkish colony ? 
  sweden should blow that sub out of the water and then say they ca n't find anything and call off the search . 
  not that you have n't heard this before , but at what point does the public say things are enough and at least threaten to join nato so russia knocks this shit off ? 
  i do n't even know how to top it when it comes to irony and lack of self awareness . 
  i guess a white south african bitching about the bullshit racism they had to deal with in the 1980s . 
  you realize usa could have used all that money and dumped it into usa infrastructure instead ? 
  you are literally bitching about free shit . 
  heaven forbid that usa wanted a strong western europe to create stability and offer a counter balance to the ussr threat . 
  i apologize for you having to deal with being forced into living in a world class first world country that was rebuilt from the taxes of a country that you literally killed people in order to continue ruling over just like a grand portion of the rest of the world . 
  i do n't care about whatever treaties existed . 
  you think those treaties existed among a partnership of equal parties ? 
  on what planet would you think a country would like other countries to rule over the most strategic real estate inside of its borders and some of the most strategic real estate in the entire world ? 
  seriously , i heard stories that there are still brits locked up to this day in random american gulags in alaska . 
  the struggle is real . 
  by the way , no one is forcing european countries to not build fully functioning armies on their own . 
  usa repeatedly asks countries to increase military spending . 
  they get called a bunch of war hungry savages when this comes up though . 
  but yes that is a nice narrative you have going on . 
  he should fly over to india and hang out with the locals and bitch together about horrible colonial masters treating people like shit . 
  no one has it worse than the poor uk . 
  they had to suffer the indignity of getting free money and less than 100 % support for invading some worthless lesser country that refused to bow to their masters . 
  i could n't think of a more wretched existence than dealing with that travesty . 
  yeah ... except afghanistan was under no impression that it was n't led by usa the entire time . 
  usa was n't pretending some random special forces soldiers were actually afghan soldiers fighting as a rebellion or just mercenaries on vacation with a complete american loadout of weapons and logistics supplied direct from usa . 
  i also am not going to deal with conspiracy theories to rationalize away anything and everything russia is doing . 
  yes , russia might have invaded ukraine , but the jews might run the world so it is ok in comparison . 
  maiden was homegrown . 
  there was a lying scumbag for a president that openly reneged on a deal that he promised to take . 
  he also made it illegal to protest him . 
  he was also violent on his own people . 
  what the hell did he think was going to come of that ? 
  ok , so if usa tried to take over the most important section of uk you would n't consider it taking over a country ? 
  and yes i know it was n't just uk . 
  i only mentioned uk alone since it is the topic of thread and your comments . 
  there was also zero negatives to marshall plan for uk . 
  if they did n't want money , do n't take it . 
  it did n't stop uk from spending their own money that they got on their own any way they damn well pleased . 
  you are spinning everything negative that has happened to uk in the past 70 years to be usa 's fault . 
  even things that help uk are negatives if they somehow benefit usa in any way . 
  you are the worst kind of beggar . 
  and i was n't trying to avoid you . 
  i was simply replying to someone else . 
  that false equivalency hurts my brain . 
  the leaders of the `` rebels '' literally is russian government . 
  it would be literally like an american citizen born in usa that worked for us government becoming the president of ukraine . 
  let me know when usa is invading and has soldiers dying on vacation and `` getting lost '' as well . 
  they are supplied and trained and led directly from russian government . 
  it is a russian proxy war by every definition . 
  no one believes russia 's denials . 
  they still think the rest of the world operates like russia during soviet era where you can just put out a government controlled message and everyone buys it . 
  usa was supplying the allies long before they joined . 
  the us was also hurting japan in an attempt to help the allies as well before they officially joined the war . 
  he was literally complaining about how badly uk was treated by usa while it was trying to invade and take over egypt yet again . 
  all while hungary was being invaded . 
  how the fuck is usa supposed to be mad at ussr and support egypt being taken over at the same time ? 
  bitching about colonialism as if it was ancient history just because uk is `` old enough '' while trying to turn the middle east into uk 's playground once again . 
  i 'm not sure what gays have to do with anything . 
  i am simply saying whatever situation comes up politically , there is no excuse to have access to an infinite amount of information and think literally all of it is a lie unless it comes direct from kremlin . 
  fuck that . 
  so hitler could have fortress europe ? 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  no matter what is done there will always be a pissed off contrarian group that will turn literally any action into something negative . 
  there are people that complain even when they literally are given free things . 
  the point i am making is that once a russian is n't even living inside of russia and has access to internet and speaks english they are clearly just as privileged as anyone else with regards to access to information . 
  just look at the things you are complaining about . 
  complaints about having your country rebuilt on the cheap after the devastation of wwii . 
  there are places in eastern europe that to this day still show signs of the war . 
  complaining about suez of all things ? 
  do you not see the irony in complaining about america treating britain like slaves because they did n't support the uk taking over countries ? 
  at what point does self awareness kick in ? 
  what makes you think ussr did n't consider uk to be a military target no matter what the situation was ? 
  you were either a vassal of ussr or the enemy . 
  there was no middle ground . 
  would you have preferred the fate of countries to the east instead ? 
  why not just reroll an account and go with village_idiot instead ? 
  no , no . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  those are two independent statements . 
  are you actually being serious with this ? 
  a brit is complaining about colonialism except on the victim 's end ? 
  go look at eastern europe and cry more . 
  oh god , they made us slaves by throwing money at us . 
  you should call up someone from ireland and commiserate how awful it is to have a powerful country turn you into a slave . 
  hopefully one day the uk can break its shackles from usa oppression and progress past the horrible dehumanizing poverty it is currently in . 
  i hope it manages to finally get its own government as well .
