  you wo n't find a greece here . 
  there is a net benefit . 
  a stable and thriving eu that uk takes part in and benefits economically . 
  uk is not facing tough austerity measures . 
  that is bullshit . 
  they have avoided austerity rules this entire time . 
  this whole thread is full of ignorant people . 
  this is no different then a bunch of retired people bitching about taxes going to schools . 
  the only thing that matters is money affecting me directly as if government functions a la carte . 
  the eu is n't about picking and choosing . 
  you do n't get to only sit around for the benefits . 
  the rules you are referencing for france are rules that uk do n't even have to follow . 
  this is assuming you mean the deficit rule . 
  unless there is something i 'm missing ? 
  france has been under the 3 % rule while uk has been over the entire crisis . 
  i was joking of course due to the ignorant comments of the reality versus what people are saying . 
  nothing was done by surprise . 
  this is simply accounting . 
  nothing more . 
  in the scheme of things uk is n't the country paying the most into eu . 
  it is always uk bitching the most and threatening to leave over every bullshit little thing they do n't like and mentioning ukip at every turn . 
  threatening the eu at every instance to play by special rules is no way to function as a union . 
  i heard that brussels decided the payments are coming directly from the paychecks of ukip voters by the end of the year so brussels bureacrats can have the extra money in time for christmas . 
  is that true ? 
  here is the thing . 
  you are n't paying `` more '' you are simply paying what you were supposed to pay in the first place . 
  the economy of uk was n't measured properly . 
  payments to eu are based on it . 
  adjusting one requires adjusting the other . 
  nothing has changed in regards to eu . 
  germany pays far more than any other country . 
  they are n't screaming bloody murder over it . 
  if the eu did n't do exactly what they are doing right this second it would be against democracy . 
  screaming that you support ukip does n't mean you get to avoid the rules . 
  upper house ? 
  people all over eu vote for the government that exists in brussels . 
  these people are so fucking ignorant they have me defending countries like germany . 
  i do n't know what the hell is happening in this dumpster fire of a thread . 
  bunch of morons screaming , `` my belt tightening and my austerity ! '', 
  meanwhile uk has had higher deficits than the rest of eu this whole time . 
  countries do n't get to skip out on rules just by threatening to vote ukip . 
  this is just an accounting error . 
  no , do n't compare yourself to greece . 
  compare yourself to all of the eurozone . 
  germany has more cuts than uk . 
  uk has not had deficits in the 3 % range this whole crisis . 
  by the way , i happen to agree with how uk has weathered the crisis . 
  i just do n't agree with people crying about cuts , because they are trivial compared to everyone else . 
  uk has followed usa 's path to recovery and i 'm glad they did . 
  the point i 'm making is that any brit screaming austerity is a fucking moron . 
  if the eu is willing to do what exactly ? 
  follow rules and agreements versus swinging in the wind to the loudest whiner ? 
  this is nothing more than accounting adjustments . 
  seriously . 
  holy fuck these comments are atrocious . 
  just a bunch of ignorant martyrs and temporarily poor millionaires whining on here . 
  it looks like the comment section of a murdoch owned news story . 
  they would all fit in as fox news viewers . 
  facts and prior agreements and laws be damned . 
  i 'm just going to scream things because my gut says they are right . 
  people scream enough they get to skirt rules ? 
  maybe germany should threaten to leave and then they do n't have to pay anything ? 
  uk needs to shit or get off the pot instead of trying to constantly hold the eu hostage to squeeze as many benefits as they can out of it at every turn . 
  do what we want or i swear we will vote ukip should be the new national anthem . 
  nice eye . 
  i 'm leaving it . 
  this is just a bunch of rioting by people that are screaming , `` fuck you , got mine ! '', 
  the richest countries transfer a small amount of money to the poorest . 
  if these people whining were to travel to usa they would think the whole of north america was communist . 
  well that is like having the sun come up the next day changing your mind on a topic . 
  i 've never really spent any time looking at the comments section of the sun . 
  i imagine they look something like this page . 
  there is literally nothing that is a surprise or change in any of the rules . 
  nothing . 
  deep controversial cuts ? 
  go visit what austerity actually looks like on the continent . 
  uk has never been in the guidelines . 
  i think uk did the right move on how they managed the recovery , but do n't be an idiot by screaming bloody murder over something that you did n't actually do . 
  / r/europe is literally north korea . 
  fight the good fight . 
  germany pays more than any other country in the eu . 
  stupidity does n't trump facts . 
  literally nothing changed . 
  this is nothing more than an accounting error . 
  this whole thread is full of idiots combined with the arrogance of breaking rules when it pleases their fuck you , i got mine attitude . 
  why do you consider it absurd ? 
  it is just how the eu functions under current rules that all nations agreed to . 
  there is nothing new about this story . 
  puking over what ? 
  too much cuts to the uk education system apparently judging by the comments . 
  devastating ? 
  lol . 
  what would you consider the cuts done by countries that actually follow the rules ? 
  uk has spent the entire crisis outside of the guidelines . 
  because fuck you , i got mine . 
  omg a whole # 1.7 billion in one of the largest economies on the planet . 
  it is almost like the eu ca n't function with huge deviations in income disparity . 
  fiscal transfers are absolutely necessary in order for the eu to function . 
  that is exactly what it is . 
  the punishment talk is nonsense .
