  slightly smaller ? 
  and fatima and hollywood are full of women on their knees lining up asking for favors . 
  except that dumb fearmongerer lived through the cold war . 
  he knows what he is saying . 
  he literally is saying cheating on your taxes is patriotic and paying is like living in a communist regime . 
  millions of listeners daily . 
  here in america we have famous conservative radio personalities who are drug addicts ( rush limbaugh ) ripping on obama saying him thinking that american companies should n't play international accounting games to avoid taxes is akin to ussr building berlin wall . 
  seriously . 
  i am not making this up . 
  i truly despise some of the people in this country . 
  i never hear anything about them in foreign policy other than yelling at the uk to distract voters . 
  even with latin america i am more likely to hear about china or russia . 
  sometimes portugal as well if it relates to brazil . 
  good . 
  why should portuguese have to suffer for corporate profits when they are already screwed as it is ? 
  i hope they stick to that . 
  all i hear is bad news . 
  i do n't think obama would want to willingly look like a fool by making claims without something to back them . 
  he also is n't the only one saying these things . 
  there has also been proof put out there . 
  unlike putin and russian media he has to actually care about appearing honest . 
  yes , i get the whole iraq thing . 
  that was prior people who i practically consider criminals with how they presented things . 
  the only people disputing the russia thing is russia who has doubled down on lies over and over during this whole incident . 
  water is recycled all the time in usa and given back to customers . 
  i am not used to a company being responsible for just water treatment versus one selling the water . 
  that would be unique as far as i 'm aware of . 
  yeah i hear about it almost daily . 
  i was putting it in very simplified terms . 
  have the eu give bailout money for bes bank and i 'm sure they might lean in a certain direction . 
  i worded it wrong . 
  i was just saying i am convinced they are invading by proxy just like crimea , but that does n't mean i want war . 
  i never called you a putinbot , man . 
  all of the things i 've listed in my response have been put out there . 
  trust me , if i wanted to call you that , i already would have . 
  you asked so i answered you . 
  i also was n't suggesting war with russia either . 
  how would you deal with water treatment if you are just shipping water to far off destinations ? 
  i 've always viewed delivery and recycling/treatment as all inclusive . 
  well , there have been multiple videos of people crossing the border . 
  there have been articles of mysterious deaths to russian soldiers . 
  there have been pictures of attacks coming from russia . 
  there are connections between the `` rebels '' and russia 's military and intelligence services . 
  there is russian military hardware being used . 
  the track record of lies that existed only months earlier in ukraine with crimea . 
  just every last thing points to russia lying and not giving a shit because their people will believe anything that is said . 
  there are people in russia who think usa is the aggressive party and it trying to steal ukraine . 
  russia has also tried to get the public to think ukraine shot down the airliner with their military jets . 
  anyone that does n't see the obvious at this point is just being willfully ignorant . 
  obama will be over your house in a few minutes to show it to you personally . 
  just because you are n't aware , does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  i hear about poland all the time . 
  i 've heard nothing but positive news about the country for quite some time now . 
  they continue to grow while the only news i hear about spain is high unemployment and fighting over how different regions are treated differently in the government . 
  i just do n't see where the benefit is in this versus a state run company . 
  you give a company a monopoly and regulate the hell out of it so it is like a joint venture between private and public . 
  this happens all the time in usa . 
  i do n't see where the benefit is in water supply . 
  there is no profit motive for clean and safe water . 
  i am not concerned about my health when i plug something into a wall . 
  you can also produce electricity anywhere . 
  water needs to be cleaned and recycled . 
  all things considered water and electricity seems like two completely different utilities which end up being completely different situations . 
  transporting fluids for `` competition '' makes no sense whatsoever . 
  imagine selling water from a reservoir to a different area where you ca n't recycle it back into region . 
  you 'd be giving an incentive for a company to pump a place dry . 
  all i see is problems at every turn all for the sake of privatization . 
  good job on being a vassal . 
  plays right into putin 's hands . 
  greed is such an easy emotion to manipulate especially when capitalism is mixed in . 
  when you are relevant you can speak up . 
  i do n't speak to my bank teller about my life decisions . 
  maybe the swiss can send a peacekeeping force since you are so concerned . 
  dare i ask about bathrooms and remaining clean ? 
  i ca n't believe people are buying and living in houses without running water . 
  a well and septic tank is just as good as public water , but no water at all is insanity . 
  we are n't talking about india here , this is an eu capital . 
  i do agree with you though . 
  but they should charge market rates . 
  but the government is all fucked up . 
  lots of things should n't or could n't exist if it was n't for government throwing subsidies around . 
  i do n't think perfectly manicured green lawns in the desert was a right in the constitution for example . 
  the same way they beat their war drums by complaining about their citizens being killed in a plane or having media that is n't rt. 
  the west and their agendas . 
  good point . 
  just like they would never invade ukraine . 
  we should all disband our military . 
  russia never acts aggressive or goes on an empire binge . 
  history has proven this with their innocent track record going back hundreds of years with zero changes in attitude . 
  the ukrainians should apologize for daring to break free from being a vassal . 
  the rest of eastern europe should also jump in line . 
  how about we make a trade ? 
  they can have their `` historical '' crimea when they give siberia to mongolia . 
  those flying dutchmen will think twice before attempting sneak attacks on russian soil . 
  mother russia stronk . 
  is n't it a bit hard to remain `` non-aligned '' when your neighbor is invading you ? 
  just because finland was n't invaded yet again , does n't mean russia does n't try to turn countries into vassals . 
  yeah , i 'm not exactly proposing nationalizing companies or anything like that , but i mean in this case it just seems like causing more overhead for the added benefit of giving profits to shareholders from taxpayers and public resources . 
  i 'll pass on that disaster . 
  private companies are great when they make sense .
