  flying . 
  can you read ? 
  there is zero excuse to invade airspace . 
  correct so long as you never look west of them or east . 
  nothing stuck . 
  just put the government in a standstill filled with drama and bullshit . 
  fucking gop is a joke . 
  they think good government is one that does nothing but fuck around . 
  this is evidenced by the tens of attempts to repeal obamacare . 
  and yes i know why with clinton for obvious reasons . 
  does n't affect me . 
  the country should do what people want . 
  i fucking hate american politics since clinton was impeached . 
  that might be true . 
  i do think ireland does a great job peace keeping . 
  my main grow is with countries that view pacifism as the answer to everything and criticize the countries that do the heavy lifting while benefitting from the system . 
  ireland at least does something . 
  neutral to me is bullshit when it means doing nothing to help the people clearly being fucked over . 
  it is n't neutral to watch isis genocide people . 
  interesting . 
  they sure do love killing non westerners . 
  any other excuses you want to make for terrorists ? 
  they only care about power . 
  do n't act like they have some great moral crusade . 
  they kill everyone all over the globe and that includes their own with zero qualms about killing as many civilians as possible . 
  they are n't getting attacked anyway so they spend nothing . 
  it works perfect until it does n't . 
  ha , you pay attention to them more than americans do i suppose . 
  americans tend to just vote their letter and not give a fuck except for the big ones like president and governor . 
  even then the first past the post bullshit makes most votes not count anyway . 
  that is kind of a huge difference . 
  al qaeda would hate everyone in europe regardless of how nice you think you are versus the uk . 
  they are just as eager to kill muslims as well . 
  i guess it is easier to paint usa as a villain though . 
  and that is n't a defense of iraq because i thought that was a disaster . 
  i was n't suggesting anyone was attacking anyone . 
  the government ca n't use tanks on cities full of guerrillas . 
  people with rifles can do amazing things when motivated . 
  plus being defenders is a huge benefit . 
  you clearly said being forced to war that usa tell them to go to and us forces in sweden . 
  there are no requirements for nato that is n't happening already with sweden and finland cooperating so closely with nato already . 
  what enemies have been created by the uk ? 
  what you think ussr was just trying to make friends by inviting countries before dropping the curtain ? 
  you think russia has changed in any way besides their capabilities since 1991 ? 
  the country benefits from geography . 
  you see what happens with other countries with less friendly neighbors in europe . 
  definitely a huge force stationed in what is essentially their forward operating base in europe that is completely surrounded . 
  i have heard russians talk about usa expanding through nato vassals . 
  taking control of countries ' military forces . 
  occupying their country against their will . 
  pretty much everything you said plus a bit more on a regular basis . 
  all of it completely factually wrong in every possible way . 
  thanks, 
  you are ignorant for being wrong . 
  ad hom is n't a defense for being called out for saying wrong things and being confident in your ignorance . 
  no one is occupying any countries . 
  usa spend a fortune protecting partners that plead for help . 
  the countries that help usa are remembered . 
  free loaders are remembered as well . 
  no one was forced into iraq . 
  usa also went into libya because europe needed them to . 
  like the hippies in this country only on an international scale . 
  even better when it is morally superior to sit on sidelines being neutral even when genocide is happening . 
  they mooch off the stability that the uk provides them . 
  it is easy to be pacifist while others do the heavy lifting . 
  this describes most of europe . 
  it is even better when they call the countries protecting them and providing stability war mongerers and wasteful of money . 
  you honestly think that would n't happen ? 
  i would be ready to fuck up whoever just nuked my country . 
  that definitely is n't a good way to make friends . 
  what ? 
  are they supposed to take over the world instead or something ? 
  what in the world is wrong with having a will trained militia . 
  i think it is awesome . 
  that is because it is hard to import firearms . 
  usa has very weird and arbitrary gun laws . 
  more border to protect and flank . 
  finland would be defended by nato anyway in all likelihood . 
  they already cooperate . 
  does n't affect me in the least . 
  no one is capable of attacking where i live short of nukes . 
  strategic location . 
  all of baltic would be nato . 
  just like turkey 's incredibly important geography . 
  seriously . 
  uk has a large economy so .4 % is quite a bit of cash . 
  well to be fair , the ones that will get invaded are raising the budgets . 
  it is the west that mooches and uses nato as both their defense and buffer . 
  it is n't encouraged . 
  what are countries supposed to do ? 
  kick out western europe ? 
  sounds horrifying . 
  i am glad you survived without a suicide bombing taking you out in a random ikea . 
  yes the planes in the airspace are american migs flown by russians from brooklyn . 
  what ? 
  please do n't say this as if most of europe does n't laugh at that number especially in western europe . 
  looks like the baltic might be turning into a nato sea since finland does things together with sweden . 
  thanks , putin . 
  well sure i would not tell you wrong you are about life in serbia for example . 
  i am just saying that he literally was making a statement describing some new world order that involved the lives of billions upon billions of people that span most of the globe .
