  for ? 
  oh i know , complete shit show . 
  thanks for the compliments . 
  this has to be trolling . 
  yes , apparently the entire world is european culture now ? 
  that right ? 
  greeks are middle eastern ? 
  i guess all the secular nations should be kicked out of europe like turkey consistently does not exist . 
  any country less religious than poland or the vatican can gtfo . 
  those slaves and their descendents became just as bad as their former masters even in the present day . 
  africa has some really fucked up places and so much of it revolves around ethnic and religious tension . 
  holy shit . 
  are we playing eu4 right now ? 
  i was genuinely more relaxed after i was banned . 
  so toxic in there . 
  i got tired of being called a nazi apologist and at some points a government agent . 
  everything was a western lie even genocides . 
  hanging out there was making me form stereotypes of russians that were very negative over time . 
  they literally have posted memes there of how stalin is unfairly criticized while obama is worshiped , ie obama is actually the bad guy . 
  and thanks . 
  i was banned here for a long while and hung out there until i was banned there and returned here . 
  those are the westernized english speaking russians on an american website that are tech savvy . 
  let that sink in . 
  even if there were they would say he deserves to be rich because the leader of russia should be a powerful man . 
  the people in there want a fucking tsar that creates a new russian empire that is feared and powerful so fucking bad . 
  they could in theory be dirt poor compared to someone in say estonia but at least people are scared of russia and it is not an american slave and they would be happy as shit . 
  the worst are the super nationalists proving they are super russian that were born outside russia or emigrated and are compensating for the shame of living in western europe or other western countries for a better quality of life . 
  edit : not top comment , stickied comment . 
  pravda is on the case . 
  you should have seen it back when crimea was annexed . 
  holy shit there are no words to the things said in there . 
  not so much what was being said versus how it is said . 
  i ca n't remember anyone else that ran for office back around election time . 
  who would run then ? 
  i could have been more clear , sorry about that . 
  i wrote it like implying that term is a joke . 
  i agree with your opinion on the matter . 
  did you not see my quotes ? 
  stop harassing me . 
  you are far too edgy for me to stand you . 
  i visit canada quite often and i feel so much safer . 
  once i look over my shoulder at the border i can see the eye of sauron staring down at me . 
  and for some reason far more canadians move to the usa than vice versa even though the usa has over ten times the population of canada . 
  i believe so unless things have changed recently . 
  i have n't paid attention after the initial presidential elections after the `` coup '' in kiev . 
  typically an oxymoron . 
  that is seriously the best you can do ? 
  when beating up russians goes too far . 
  they said the opposite . 
  how bad is your comprehension ? 
  the former boxer maybe ? 
  yes , sure , and osama bin laden 's brother could get elected to office in the usa . 
  as if a putin supporter gives a fuck . 
  they jerk off over in / r/russia when he gets named powerful by news organizations . 
  and somehow in this barbarian nation i live in i somehow have a great life . 
  i am glad you see things so objectively . 
  this post is a giant circlejerk to talk about how europe is amazing and having money does n't matter unless you are some reactionary right wing freak . 
  people even took the time to bring up how you have to live in fear of being mass murdered in the usa which is a totally relevant point amd not just a typical yurop circlejerk . 
  haha , yeah i spend plenty of time on here where the uk is called an american puppet and want them out of the eu once the yurop jerk gets going in full swing . 
  anyone that criticizes the a federal europe also tends to get downvoted into oblivion . 
  how can you deny how often the uk gets bashed for not being `` european '' enough ? 
  that seems a more cultural thing as well when describing italy and independent of the governments themselves . 
  i do n't have any issue with europe and know there are many many people happy to be living there . 
  i know many myself personally . 
  as a random example if usa had a different system of healthcare it would n't make the country as a whole less obsessed with spending money even if it is money they do n't have . 
  it is a regular occurrence for even millionaire 's to declare bankruptcy over here and it barely attracts attention from people other than to garner some laughs at how stupid those people are . 
  and according to / r/europe the uk is a right wing shit hole and wish they could push the whole island over across the atlantic and out of the eu for good . 
  and a family friend of mine had no insurance because frankly they did n't want to pay insurance even if it was mandated . 
  they had a massive stroke from a heart attack and now have tons of rehab after surviving . 
  all of it was paid for by the government . 
  literally all of it even though they were acting selfish by not paying towards insurance when they had the means to while everyone else is obligated to pay into the system . 
  yes , it is literally mad max over in the states . 
  you sound really objective . 
  barbarians at every turn . 
  just the other day i saw a surgery in a back alley and an abortion in the parking lot . 
  there is no such thing as subjective facts . 
  either they are false or they are true . 
  both of those places asked to join . 
  they were never invaded . 
  that had nothing to do with what i just said . 
  are you drunk ? 
  you were talking about college tuition . 
  take your smug insults elsewhere . 
  only an idiot would reference fox news as a response to someone that speaks positively of aca . 
  an empty bridge overpass needs you . 
  i have no idea on the $ 250 part but am telling you no one is forced into spending $ 25k a year on education in the usa . 
  that part is 100 % a lie . 
  college is also not mandatory . 
  you have zero substance with anything you are saying but an abundance of smug assumptions to hand out . 
  that was a very intelligent rebuttal . 
  does having parents mean i am a teenager ? 
  how ignorant are you ? 
  talk about one track mind . 
  you have the blinders on and are just searching for anything to have an a ha one liner you can smugly type out . 
  the shit you said had zero to do with my comment about my parents leaving europe . 
  they know exactly why they left and they have most of their family left behind to compare themselves to today decades later . 
  what makes you think people ca n't be employed and have health conditions ? 
  insurance has dramatically improved in the last few years on account of aca . 
   when the cost of a tuition for a ba is $ 250 / year for a family instead of $ 25,000 a year , i say tax us . 
  lies .
