  ukraine though was just full blown retard . 
  he is turning all of europe against him and his fellow russians very effectively . 
  the worst part is i do n't know whether to feel bad for russians or view them as complicit since it seems they cheer his every aggressive move . 
  sticking it to the west is like the greatest thing he could ever do with some people . 
  it is especially pathetic when you have people that despise anything to do with the usa no matter who they have to hero worship to accomplish that . 
  i do n't quite get how fucking over ukraine somehow hurts usa in any way shape or form . 
  this is obviously just my own opinion . 
  i honestly did n't think russia was this ridiculous all the time in regards to foreign policy . 
  things seemed to change with putin in 2007 . 
  i meant comparing it to texas is nuts . 
  give me a break . 
  italy is n't texas . 
  italy is far more important than a governor . 
  are you using reddit from your tv ? 
  can i bring a few just in case ? 
  i am not defending the uk . 
  i am explaining that it is n't surprising . 
  french was definitely the language for royalty and their courts regardless of which country it was . 
  is putin threatening nationalization as a way to stave off crisis ? 
  i am trying to understand what is the primary reason causing capital flight . 
  they should take care of it on their own . 
  crimea has no legitimacy because of foreign invasion . 
  russia could have supported them diplomatically and actually be seen as good guys versus the corrupt ukraine . 
  they would still have a decent economy and not have collapse guaranteed like on their current course . 
  college leftists with shit for brains . 
  surprising ? 
  uk catches flak on a regular basis as they tend to be seen as both euro sceptic and usa lite . 
  straight up sounds like rhetoric for life imprisonment of everyone . 
  yeah maybe trying to sacrifice for the baltics . 
  well the problem is sweden works solo . 
  the others work as a team . 
  so you could have a british jet cutting off russians at lithuania . 
  sweden also has a miniscule defense budget that their own politicians admit to . 
  i consider the uk and france to have very capable military forces . 
  it is a crap shoot after that . 
  germany has barely any of their military up and running for instance due to lack of maintenance but are technically the third biggest military . 
  i am not trashing quality or the people themselves . 
  i have nothing bad to say about sweden . 
  i am simply saying they do n't maintain a military that can do anything based on size . 
  there are points where nato defends their border for them better than they do themselves . 
  yes just look at what eu did to poland . 
  which is bullshit . 
  you should n't vote on something that has zero affect on you while living abroad against the wishes of the citizens inside the country . 
  i do n't think usa is more democratic . 
  different style but no system is without flaw . 
  that is very depressing . 
  i get depressed at domestic politics then look at international and see shit everywhere . 
  i frankly do n't give a shit about what happens to any person that joins isis from a first world country at the hands of their friends in isis . 
  maybe the brutality will lower the recruiting in eu . 
  that makes more sense even if it is stupid of them . 
  damn shame . 
  seriously ? 
  because sweden has a navy that makes other countries jealous ? 
  you realize subs operate completely in stealth on purpose ? 
  it is n't like trying to hide an aircraft carrier . 
  sweden has a joke for a military and ca n't defend itself from anyone even their own capital from invasion . 
  china refuses to get gas from one country . 
  russia only supplies about 9 % of their energy imports last i checked . 
  they have increased leverage that way . 
  i learned on this sub about your particular disease . 
  let 's not get crazy here . 
  there is zero consent here . 
  who else would it be , india ? 
  democratic ideals are n't just about voting . 
  otherwise syria is a democracy . 
  sure sounds like a majority to me . 
  70 % is unheard of majority wise . 
  that ship pays for itself through leverage . 
  even better when usa begins exporting to world and lowers everyone 's price as well . 
  i am not happy about that though since gas is very cheap in usa . 
  there are so many reserves they leave them untouched since the price is too cheap to sell it . 
  because eu hurts hungary how ? 
  having a government that likes censorship and taxing information to fund a police state does n't exactly sound like an improvement . 
  i have talked to tons of immigrants that live the country . 
  but this is eu . 
  countries should n't be able to prevent political opponents from coming to power . 
  who the hell votes for these people ? 
  are that trying to finance the entire government from the internet ? 
  that is an absurd policy . 
  trying to profit until they achieve no internet in the country ? 
  on what planet does russia cut off its main income source from the entire world which benefits every other producer in the world while hurting russia ? 
  usa went across the pacific and had many americans died to liberate the islands from japan and then right after they set them free because they wanted to . 
  the country is a close ally of usa today . 
  they banned foreign military from their country and then changed the constitution just to bring usa back . 
  now ask vietnam how it feels about china . 
  seems like a simple comparison . 
  look how close japan is to usa . 
  they literally were nuked multiple times and have usa as their closest ally . 
  i am pretty sure germans do n't get mad and defensive over hitler getting a bum rap . 
  ussr also made it completely illegal to be unemployed . 
  i can freely criticize stalin of all people without the entire world being perfect in comparison . 
  complaining about racism in usa is a joke when you had ussr doing ethnic cleansing and genocide and trying to erase anything that was n't russian . 
  russification is a thing . 
  when people attack slavery no one bats an eye . 
  when people attack ethnic cleansing there is a line of people saying , `` why are you russophobic ? '', 
  oh that makes so much more sense now . 
  thank you . 
  i am not calling you anything . 
  i do n't agree with your views but that is n't a big deal . 
  i am telling you that i have seen people describe gulags as the equivalent of usa prison system and actually better than usa .
