  military that actually functions is n't something evil . 
  it can easily be a force for good . 
  it is pretty hard to criticize attacking isis for instance or humanitarian efforts that are possible with the powers of a carrier group like during the fukushima disaster . 
  getting allies that are small and weaker countries under a protective umbrella also stops wars from happening through deterrence . 
  you do n't get peace through smaller armies . 
  you get peace by preparing for war . 
  money talks . 
  you think iran is some ideological partner ? 
  imagine being bribed with less sanctions as a reward for being a cooperative country . 
  it is the same principle behind pakistan being a partner of usa . 
  money accomplishes plenty . 
  yeah my initial one liner was n't clear . 
  i just meant to say germany was definitely preparing to fight european powers , but absolutely 100 % it was n't because germany is evil and fucked over all of europe . 
  there was lots of stuff going on . 
  the things i do say is n't because i think germany is full of bad people . 
  far from it , i want germany to step up and be better leaders for europe . 
  if america was really about dominating everything , they would just want military access and to keep every country 's military as small as possible . 
  the usa is the most powerful country in all of history . 
  they control everything even hundreds of thousands of people in foreign countries . 
  mccain will be over soon to set coup in motion in beijing . 
  how is asking for choice unreasonable ? 
  i love rivalry as much as the next guy , but that shit that goes on there is mental illness from trying to cope with 1991 . 
  it is more due to rivalry than ideology i would imagine . 
  wilhelm building that navy was making matters worse and pushed russia towards england . 
  i do n't consider germans nazis . 
  europe was a giant powder keg to be blaming it on only austria . 
  i regularly say germany should expand their military . 
  why would i if i thought germans are evil ? 
  i would love to see the reaction of iran 's citizens to turning down business while they live with low income . 
  this is also for a russian audience . 
  well that is why they bribed him in the first place . 
  is this really how easy it is to pander to ukip ? 
  what idiocy . 
  i wish usa would transition faster to metric and you have this trash being proposed in europe . 
  well the mere suggestion of saying to pull your weight has you saying that the result is taking over europe . 
  so basically you are a nazi without the power to implement your plans . 
  duly noted . 
  with german approval . 
  and then germans mock eastern europe for complaining about security . 
  reading some of these opinions is unreal . 
  oh so only the weak targets . 
  perfect reasoning to essentially disband the military then and tell everyone to fend for themselves to save your money . 
  the leaders of eu . 
  yes , either saying fuck all your partners or let loose the nukes . 
  no middle ground . 
  almost none of it would be able to function . 
  to have an operational budget of that nature is asinine regardless of the total budget numbers . 
  does n't the government have themselves to blame for that ? 
  they should do more to sway opinion . 
  that is disgraceful . 
  there is nothing wrong with german soldiers to deserve that kind of treatment . 
  i mean the article presented stats that showed that most of the military is mothballed or broken down . 
  a largely unpopulated continent . 
  that had hardly any kind of central governance . 
  i do n't think mexico or canada are in fear of usa military forces for at least over a century . 
  circumstances in north america are n't exactly the same as most of the rest of the world . 
  are you denying mass graves of bodies in kosovo ? 
  those attacks put a stop to a war that had much more death involved than anything nato did . 
  there were wmds in iraq . 
  saddam was regularly trying to make things difficult on weapons inspectors and would fire on planes in the no fly zone he agreed to.of course it was n't anywhere close to the threat being put forth by bush though . 
  and i personally do n't think it was worth it with the lack of planning for the aftermath . 
  un is also a useless organization for some things . 
  serbia could have been dropping nukes on kosovo and it could still be blocked by un if russia used their veto . 
  saudi arabia is fucked up . 
  my main worry is the replacement could be worse . 
  i expect better behavior from balkans than middle east . 
  i am not trying to vilify serbia either as if they are the only country to do anything wrong . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  keep beating that dead horse of wwii as a way to not pull your weight . 
  not all wars are created equal . 
  pretty sure usa has n't attempted to take over and annex a continent with their military . 
  feel free to correct me though . 
  this is such a bullshit argument . 
  uk pulls their weight and they are n't trying to take over the world . 
  germany is a pathetic example . 
  richest country and always looking to make excuses inside of the eu for itself . 
  well in that case you are n't really disagreeing with me . 
  what are you asking ? 
  or , and this is just a thought , spend what you are supposed to as the richest country in europe and do n't invade it . 
  i do n't believe the only options are swiss guard or third reich . 
  only if they are future russian citizens in neighboring countries . 
  had to only because china was pretty much implying they would invade and take it otherwise . 
  hell of a lot harder to defend macau and hk than taiwan . 
  was uk willing to go to war with china ? 
  this is why i hope for eu expansion it would make europe safer for people . 
  i hope you are wrong, 
  why is n't usa justified to protect allies ? 
  saddam was n't following peace treaty and it setup second war . 
  the implementation was awful and i think cheney was a war criminal , but saddam anxiously dug his own grave by invading countries . 
  nato accomplished a lot of good in that war . 
  it stopped the war . 
  feel free to continue to defend genocide especially right in europe . 
  serbia was limited strikes and they worked . 
  dictatorships killing their people have zero legitimacy . 
  iraq would still have saddam in power at least as far as europe is concerned if they did n't invade kuwait . 
  so you think it would be totally cool if ukraine went full blown china with a massacre of citizens and everyone should just watch on twitter and vk ? 
  i understand now . 
  not that i can control anything , but i am glad serbia made out ok . 
  i hope they join eu soon . 
  balkans have been through so much shit and i think eu could do lots of good for the balkans .
