  someone from england does n't get to coop the culture of rome because the empire stretched to there . 
  macedonians are greek . 
  the entire world 's scholars agree with this assessment . 
  the vast majority of fyrom is outside of macedonia borders . 
  it comes off like some bizarre identity crisis by some slavs trying to steal history . 
  maybe we can have people in paris call themselves latin americans since a part of france sits in south america as well ? 
  i thought they were just people moved into the area by stalin along with stalin having all the germans in the area killed or deported if they does n't leave in fear themselves . 
  same thing happened with polish in belarus by soviets after they took poland 's land . 
  slavs trying to coop things like alexander the great and the kingdom of macedonia is ridiculous . 
  it also field the delusions of people who want a greater macedonia from the territory of neighboring countries . 
  well turkey due to the occupation of cyprus . 
  fyrom because of their stealing of culture and name when macedonia is greek . 
  if i was greek i would veto fyrom and turkey on everything . 
  massive the consequences ? 
  what consequences ? 
  why does turkey have a semi truck with a missing trailer just randomly in the picture ? 
  so they are obviously wrong and it somehow makes everyone equally wrong ? 
  how does that work ? 
  people should be able to state the obvious truth . 
  that was hundreds of years ago , not a couple decades ago . 
  there is also the whole complete denial of reality and the imperialistic russians who think they are kings of the slavs . 
  i guess siberia was colonized with unicorns and rainbows ? 
  also , usa was n't the topic . 
  great job grasping at straws and trying to justify ethnic cleansing . 
  horrible analogy . 
  ussr forced countries into joining and then did ethnic cleansing and you have russians there right now that act like they are heroes for it . 
  americans also are n't `` english '' . 
  they are every ethnicity on the planet . 
  they also were n't shifting ethnic groups to siberia to try to erase a country while trying to come across as heroic nazi killers at the same time and still happens to this day . 
  i heard the russian government speaks russian . 
  maybe they could move back then the occupiers would not have to be around inferior people anymore . 
  old story and it was so damn good . 
  hilariously stupid . 
  why do you say that ? 
  usa had nothing to do with egypt democracy . 
  they started neutral and had mubarak as an ally . 
  not everyone that disagrees with you is a putin lover . 
  austria has done some amazing propaganda if they managed to pin hitler on australia . 
  they are in eastern ukraine . 
  what are you even taking about ? 
  that happens a bit here as well . 
  this is especially true with spanish speakers . 
  we have schools where they teach even children separately where english is their second language . 
  they are taught and graded and tested differently than others and you can get by and graduate all while barely being able to speak or write english . 
  it is just ridiculous . 
  wait a second , how are kids not learning to speak the language ? 
  how do they function in school ? 
  i understand the goal you are after , but it is impossible to force on people . 
  people do n't just cross the border and become austrian and it does n't happen from laws either . 
  what is the truth then ? 
  i always end up hearing that elections are a joke in russia but that the people genuinely want putin in charge regardless . 
  there is a never ending flood of people who comment all over the internet about how russia can do no wrong and putin is a great leader . 
  it is like an assembly line of new people popping up on a daily basis . 
  i never see any news of any kind of protests with russia . 
  even western media which has obvious bias against russia always points out how putin has large support for all his actions and practically every move he makes just increases his popularity . 
  meanwhile in america it is at the other extreme where the president could save a baby from a fire and half the country would wish he was burnt alive . 
  for me to only ever hear of nonstop unwavering support is just completely bizarre for me . 
  then why is there no industry in russia ? 
  i am not being sarcastic . 
  i 'm sorry if the questions seem stupid . 
  i genuinely ca n't understand how everything just disappears after ussr breaks up . 
  the whole country pretty much exists to sell fuel . 
  i do n't understand how a country that lead the space race with the exception of the moon landing ends up in this current predicament . 
  did schools become worse ? 
  everyone with brains or money leave the country ? 
  i do n't know . 
  a lot of big cities have ethnic neighborhoods due to immigration . 
  i do agree with you to an extent , but the country is pretty mixed up . 
  and you got the weird thing in america which i know does n't happen in europe where people in america are x-americans such as italian or irish etc. 
  there are people doing this even after multiple generations . 
  the good thing is that the language barrier is n't that big a deal once they have kids since the kids learn the new language easily even if the parents never pick it up . 
  you mean the government that has almost perfect approval ratings and has russians in the country proud of the results ? 
  how is it racist to point out the actions of the government and point out that the government is supported by a vast majority of the people ? 
  start what ? 
  america has tried . 
  results have been a slightly mixed bag i think . 
  america functions fine with lots of immigrants . 
  they probably could have done that without involving invading their neighbors , no ? 
  the country is also just as capitalist as their neighbors . 
  their president is a billionaire and celebrated for pitting ethic groups against each other . 
  would you be telling the world to respect american culture if americans were beating their chest and trying to annex canada ? 
  i think he was actually against it , no ? 
  prone to manipulation ? 
  they practically beg to be manipulated . 
  the leaders that lie the most and act the most brutal are the ones that are the most successful in russia . 
  even when being brutal to russians themselves . 
  people can call americans fat and stupid all they want . 
  it does n't bother me in the least . 
  i heard there was an issue in iraq as well , but i 'm not quite sure . 
  i never ever hear about iraq . 
  i did n't change anything . 
  all of it is related . 
  the russians are cheering on their dear leader and buy all the `` world is out to persecute us with every single action all over the world '' and `` russia stronk '' propaganda . 
  if they spent more time manufacturing actual items instead of conspiracy theories , maybe they would have a functioning society like western europe . 
  instead they survive by bullying all their neighbors and killing anyone in their own country that dares to say the truth . 
  i know russia is literate . 
  how else would they be able to swallow all the lies of nazis and liberation if they could n't read them ? 
  the only thing the country is able to manufacture on their own is propaganda . 
  and buks . 
  ca n't forgot that one .
