  he can compete against north korean leaders for that . 
  make sure to crash the border too after letting a handful of trucks inspected . 
  maybe paint red cross in russian on the side too . 
  please do n't be provocative by mentioning russia breaking promises . 
  we need good relations . 
  we should also dismantle nato and disband military . 
  russians are very sensitive on how other countries run their country . 
  and definitely do n't mention the words eu trade deals . 
  that is a reason for invasion by itself for self defense against fascism . 
  well they consistently prove they can . 
  not really an assumption . 
  if you view your own allies as a threat , pay for your own military for a change and get out . 
  yeah , berlin does n't pull the strings of appeasing russia . 
  all hail our nato overlords in luxembourg . 
  i believe greece does as well . 
  i think the baltics have budgeted increases . 
  france no longer meets the goal and has been cutting . 
  lots of other countries in the west are n't close and are cutting . 
  netherlands does n't even own tanks . 
  that blows my mind . 
  there still are n't bases in the east and american troops are very low in number . 
  i am also aware that their mission is to die to pull america into the war . 
  the best defense any country has is one dead american soldier on their soil from an invader . 
  would those sanctions have happened if a lot of dutch were n't killed in plane ? 
  i am guessing just more speeches . 
  there are also eu politicians calling even current sanctions stupid . 
  russia has subs that could be sitting right off the coast of any country in the world . 
  they have been spotted even in gulf of mexico which really pissed off us military . 
  russia also has thousands of icbms . 
  sheer number alone make them dangerous . 
  there are also no shields that can possibly protect usa from russia by being stationed in europe . 
  it is just a stupid complaint by russia . 
  they think they control every country they border and consider the black sea their personal lake even though they are n't the ones that control the straights . 
  nato does however and turkey actually takes their military serious unlike the majority of europe . 
  what bases are in eastern europe again ? 
  why should anyone feel assured when they see how western europe show acrobatic skills bending over to russia at every opportunity for `` relations '' ? 
  you have western europe not even concerned with having a military besides a token force . 
  i am pretty sure italy and spain only has a navy to make sure they can keep africans out . 
  you have people who think sanctions against an invading army is aggressive . 
  i have seen plenty of people here say eastern europe needs to shut up and they do n't matter anyway besides as a buffer . 
  how does a shield benefit usa in poland against russia ? 
  you think maybe russia is to blame considering they are the ones invading countries ? 
  who exactly is estonia invading ? 
  also , why should countries that have bases tell countries that are not defended to shut it for `` good relations '' ? 
  does nato tell russia they are n't allowed to defend themselves because it is `` provocative '' ? 
  yes , the baltics are to blame . 
  the shield is n't for russia . 
  check a map . 
  it protects the trajectory of iran . 
  russia can overwhelm any shield . 
  do n't disturb the german empire . 
  all that matters is austerity , low inflation , and german exports . 
  besides you have poland as a sacrifice in case anything happens to protect against the real europe . 
  i do n't mean you though . 
  i do n't think of putin as someone that graciously bows out when defeated . 
  just seems completely pointless . 
  the people that believe russia are n't involved in any way would n't care if they were involved anyway and no amount of proof well ever be enough . 
  you still have people saying russia did n't invade crimea even . 
  the people who think russia is involved do n't believe anything putin says . 
  in the end this bullshit rebel game is just pointless . 
  they will be routed soon . 
  then what ? 
  that is a term for us reserves due to their weekend training . 
  also a term for old jocks who get beat up playing sports on weekends . 
  i would n't think of a term like that for russian soldiers invading ukraine . 
  i have read stories of special forces soldiers that die on vacation . 
  what is the point ? 
  no one believes russia is n't involved . 
  ukraine is also beating the `` rebels '' . 
  i do n't doubt with usa assistance on tactics . 
  they were getting slaughtered in the beginning . 
  usa has tons of practice fighting insurgencies . 
  you honestly think there are no russian soldiers in ukraine ? 
  i am not a conspiracy retard . 
  fuck those people . 
  the russian government is also highly centralized . 
  there is n't any question who controls all of it and the media to go with it . 
  the parliament did n't leave and there has been voting since . 
  just another russian troll . 
  does n't bother me . 
  i ca n't tag you guys fast enough . 
  keep popping up like playing whack-a-mole . 
  790 when neither country existed . 
  is orthodox `` culture '' about invading neighbors ? 
  pretty sure ukraine is just asking for russia to gtfo . 
  the ukrainian government is legit . 
  great straw man . 
  go away . 
  i have heard enough about juntas and nazis already . 
  that is what i said to begin with . 
  you did n't understand my sentence and i explained it . 
  what ? 
  you misunderstand what i am saying . 
  you flipped it . 
  i am saying rt is controlled by putin . 
  i never called putin a mouthpiece . 
  putin is rt. 
  rt is a putin mouthpiece . 
  where else do rebels get tanks , apcs , mlrs , aaa , etc ? 
  when you are better outfitted than the army of the national government , you are n't `` rebels '' .
