  anything crazy had upvotes and anyone saying obvious facts was downvoted . 
  so you are full of shit . 
  got it . 
  being the most stable country in the world with the most desired currency in the world and the most secure country are all bad . 
  so is a strong dollar with low inflation apparently . 
  is a growing economy and increased productivity also bad ? 
  links to a bunch of diagrams showing rich people promoting their ideas . 
  shocking . 
  i had no idea that in a democracy people would exchange their views and share them with others . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  the government tells you what you are allowed to think and where you can spend your own money ? 
  what the hell do you want ? 
  and what exactly are you proving ? 
  should rich people have their assets seized and given to the proletariat ? 
  should citizens need government approval on how they spend their own money ? 
  your posts could be straight copy and paste from / r/conspiracy . 
  how much debt you have is n't even the ultimate factor on your credit rating . 
  if the economy stagnates investors would worry that you ca n't grow and collect revenues to pay off debt . 
  no one is forced to buy finland 's bonds . 
  it is insane to somehow blame anything about this on usa . 
  when the idiots in the republican party in usa threatened to not pass laws to allow usa to pay debt their credit rating was threatened also as it should be . 
  i guess it is a nicer story to blame it on a worldwide network of secret jews based in usa that run the world . 
  it was kind of vague so i did n't want to assume . 
  so are you criticizing putin then ? 
  because russian influence has n't done anything for moldova considering it is one of the poorest countries in europe if not the poorest . 
  russia had countless decades to help moldova and moldova has nothing to show for it except russian soldiers threatening them on their border . 
  it is a bit ridiculous to tell a country who they are allowed to trade with . 
  eu is actively trying to help moldova just like they are with ukraine . 
  oh , so one of the most expensive cities in the world has high rent ? 
  shocking . 
  it is n't anyone 's right to live in expensive areas . 
  usa is a big country . 
  da jooz !, 
  everyone run for their lives . 
  stfu . 
  america sucks . 
  i do n't need facts . 
  the jewish bankers ' cabal is trying to take over eu like usa . 
  meanwhile in this very sub there was an article specifying that germany is refusing to spend money and allow the busiest water way in the world to be shut down . 
  if egypt or panama did that countries would be invading them . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  this whole comment section is a train wreck of people spewing bullshit . 
  conspiracies and the sky is falling everywhere . 
  do you mean the opposite of what you said ? 
  there is so much wrong with the statement i do n't even know where to begin . 
  socialists rallying to be under the control of russia makes me just shake my head . 
  the young ones that were clearly never alive during the ussr is even funnier . 
  they want to trade a better living standard to be under the boot of a capitalist thug . 
  this implies china wants allies . 
  they are the asian russia with a lot more power in regards to how they treat neighbors . 
  they blatantly say so . 
  they just went to an asean conference and said we are big and do what we want . 
  you realize china threatens its neighbors who happen to be usa allies ? 
  because china . 
  and put them where ? 
  it might be pissing off locals but they do n't overrule an entire country or alliance . 
  japan 's government does n't even have an independent military . 
  they integrate directly into usa 's force . 
  not that it is a bad thing . 
  it makes each country that much stronger . 
  and south korea has americans there whose job is to basically die on the initial wave and draw usa into war . 
  seems stupid to be angry over it . 
  fuck us up ? 
  explanations or do you just prefer screaming at clouds ? 
  those bases are going nowhere . 
  the governments need those bases . 
  they ca n't take china on their own . 
  because invasions , the russian version of friendly relations . 
  some of the comments are amazing . 
  i have seen guys that sat russia needs to take all of eastern europe to unify orthodox . 
  i have seen guys that want to ally with greece and attack turkey . 
  ukraine is called not a real country . 
  it is unreal . 
  trashing `` soccer '' fans on / r/europe . 
  i do n't see what could possibly go wrong . 
  that describes every single country . 
  what country is uniform ? 
  putin smash is just russia 's version of stick and bigger stick diplomacy towards smaller neighbors . 
  it keeps in the time honored tradition of theodore roosevelt 's policy of speak loudly and carry big nukes . 
  it might have gotten a little lost in translation though . 
  they asked china just to double check they did n't get it wrong . 
  that surgical mask . 
  yeah i 'm not sure which version gets said more . 
  i 'd love to know who they think they are fooling when they say it . 
  there is definitely nothing shy about the government when it comes to pushing their agenda at ecb . 
  which sucks , but look at all the use throughout the world and how safe it is . 
  i thought it only affected belarus . 
  occupied europe . 
  imperialism . 
  blah blah blah . 
  apparently usa is n't allowed allies . 
  amazing post . 
  where exactly do you think it would go ? 
  i doubt it would be enjoyable . 
  i 'm just not a fan of dictators that waste money and lives sending citizens to africa for ego . 
  to me it seemed like just a bunch of great powers shoving their weight around and picking sides . 
  it is n't like wwii where there were clearly horrible governments involved . 
  it just kind of boggles my mind . 
  i mean granted hungary really paid a price for losing , but to frame it like there was a good side and a bad side just seems absurd to me . 
  i still do n't get why germans are the bad guys .
