  well , i will just have to disagree with you . 
  there is n't a worldwide media conspiracy to get their stories straight to make russia look bad . 
  russia however has all of their media on lock down . 
  how russia comes off on the world stage is n't a simple he said she said story . 
  russia also has this crazy tendency of having their people getting lost inside of other countries as well . 
  their military must get amazing benefits too with so many having so much vacation time they spend some of it in war zones . 
  and crossing borders with `` red cross '' trucks that are either almost empty or refused inspection and crossing borders without permission for humanitarian reasons . 
  all the bullshit never ends . 
  i would love to know what deceit the eu has done that matches suing a country for damages while invading it . 
  crimea belongs to ukraine . 
  period . 
  that referandum was a fucking joke . 
  you do n't seize government buildings as a foreign army and then hold referendums at gun point . 
  russia ca n't even hold legit elections inside their actual country . 
  those trucks were never inspected . 
  only 32 of them and then they refused to have any of the others looked at . 
  they also refused the red cross to handle the distribution to make sure everything was on the up and up . 
  you are so full of excuses at every turn . 
  what a shocker . 
  absolutely russia is completely in the wrong . 
  and trying to avoid bloodshed ? 
  bullshit , you are complaining that nato and eu are taking the peaceful solution and claiming that is all they wanted after all . 
  keep shilling . 
  i do understand your main point . 
  i am curious on the full story here as well , but come on . 
  this is russia . 
  this is like when china knocked down an american plane that uses propellers with a chinese fighter jet and claimed it was from american aggression . 
  i think spain to this day is still trying to sell off their only carrier . 
  i am pretty sure usa does n't need a war with russia just because of lithuanian real estate prices . 
  they have bases all over the planet . 
  they even have floating bases . 
  you think they need a hostel for soldiers ? 
  that amendment is never used . 
  who goes into foreign territory as a spy after being photographed with estonian politicians ? 
  i believe both india and china have bought carriers . 
  but if you had to guess on the lying party , who would you think that might be ? 
  especially considering it involves geography and that is n't russian government 's strong point . 
  war crime ? 
  they had zero to do with red cross . 
  they refused to let anyone inspect hundreds of their trucks and purposefully crossed where ukraine could n't stop them or keep track of them . 
  they could have easily have handed over the trucks to red cross instead of being shady fucks . 
  ukraine also has complete legitimacy over crimea . 
  what kind of joke is that . 
  the government of kiev is completely legit . 
  poor russia . 
  everyone picking on it for constantly lying and invading and taking over their neighbors . 
  they ca n't even abduct estonians without people making a big deal about it either . 
  life is n't fair . 
  yeah , of course , because russia wants to operate with plausible denial . 
  and , uh , no , there is plenty of evidence that russia went into ukraine territory against their permission without being inspected and through a border they do n't control while lying about red cross coordination . 
  what kind of ridiculous statement is that that russia should n't leave crimea since crimea is better off ? 
  russia can just take territory under the reasoning of any land they take is better off under putin ? 
  russia had plenty of opportunity to stop their bullshit . 
  last i checked russia is still in crimea as well . 
  russia also invaded ukraine border right in the open with their `` humanitarian '' trucks that were never allowed to be checked and crossed borders that ukraine did n't control . 
  amazing how rebels can shoot airliners out of the sky and have access to tanks and artillery and a never ending supply of russian soldiers to fill their ranks . 
  i also like to measure things in big bens . 
  because it is trying to avoid war itself and trying to stop it through economic punishment . 
  why is this hard to imagine ? 
  russia refuses to stop supporting the rebels . 
  they are using them as a proxy force . 
  there have been sat photos of artillery firing on ukraine from russia . 
  i 'm not saying poland should be blaming uk . 
  just that i could understand if they do n't consider uk and other countries in the west saviors either . 
  if i was going to give grief though , i would probably blame france the most since they just sat around and waited to be attacked . 
  russia invaded crimea and is there now in ukraine territory . 
  russian soldiers have been captured inside of eastern ukraine . 
  there have been photos of russia during on ukraine territory from russian territory . 
  you wo n't believe anything anyway , so whatever . 
  keep shilling . 
  he 's on fire !, 
  is it the shoes ? 
  since when is this gay homosex behavior allowed in the open ? 
  it does n't matter when . 
  there has been plenty of proof of russia firing on ukraine from russian land and captured russian soldiers . 
  russia has also invaded ukrainian land for months . 
  well we should all unite to protect me , fuck everyone else though . 
  filthy warmongers . 
  war is only for protecting my own country using taxes and soldiers from other countries . 
  still working out details on the gundams . 
  buy more ? 
  spend 2 % maybe ? 
  defending poland by giving half of it to russia and letting them be occupied ? 
  i do n't think polish people should be eternally grateful for that one . 
  yeah regardless this has zero to do with eu . 
  defense spending . 
  yes . 
  2 % of gdp . 
  russia refuses to stop invading ukraine and they are going to sue ukraine at the same time ? 
  oh i am sorry for not taking this seriously and you as well . 
  your constant excuses are so nuanced and wise . 
  thank you , yoda . 
  you have enlightened us all . 
  tell me more about being treated unfairly due to flair . 
  let me know when portugal hits 2 % . 
  yeah ukraine should totally sue the country that is invading them . 
  they will definitely pay in court . 
  your russian shilling is unreal . 
  the countries join voluntarily . 
  there are no nuke silos sitting in western russian border .
