  turkey is a good example of this as well . 
  in my opinion , it seems silly to not consider russia to be european when they have played such a massive role on the continent 's history . 
  europe does not equal eu . 
  you double posted . 
  just thought you should know . 
  i hate when i do that myself . 
  it was a joke . 
  i understood the original statement . 
  people that want austria out of the eu ? 
  can you even screw up butter ? 
  proof ? 
  you ca n't use history against countries selectively . 
  why are you saying the country acts this way currently ? 
  and i 'm glad they are trying . 
  the greeks need help . 
  you live in eu and ca n't even figure out the map ? 
  i guess the fact that my job pays for my insurance along with high pay takes care of that one then ? 
  a country of leeches and thieves . 
  german democratic republic . 
  which one and what have i missed ? 
  i only speak for myself clearly . 
  the things i mentioned actually are true . 
  comparing me to people that deny evolution is absurd . 
  all these replies would have been some nice times to actually answer my repeated question . 
  just notice the pattern where i see the flag and comment and already know who posted the comment . 
  i do think bad things can happen during justified wars . 
  impossible to have a perfect war . 
  i could n't see those countries being allowed to attack serbia in the first place . 
  they would be told to knock it the fuck off before they even started by usa at a minimum . 
  no one would be attacking serbia in `` self defense '' after the fact either . 
  serbia is n't some power mad nationalistic country . 
  it would never be justified to attack them . 
  if anything countries should be trying to trade and offer help especially european neighbors . 
  so what am i missing then ? 
  clean and just are two different things . 
  there absolutely are just wars . 
  just like there is justifiable homicide . 
  that is n't actually how it works . 
  the majority of people would be sitting very close to 100 . 
  follow moscow . 
  who would even attack serbia in the first place ? 
  yeah poland was wrong to kill germans in wwii . 
  everyone is equal . 
  yeah , they were bored . 
  you have interesting world views . 
  what part of the gdr did you grow up in ? 
  i am all ears . 
  what did i miss besides pandering to social conservatives and the 50th attempt at repealing obama care with no alternative ever proposed ? 
  oh , and unfunded invasions . 
  it is like listening to republicans in the usa solving every problem under the sun with tax cuts geared towards the rich . 
  i mean , i do n't approve of cyprus situation , but what a clown that guy is . 
  i was half expecting him to answer with istanbul . 
  the alternative is to not be starting wars in europe like your bullshit thought process . 
  this is why there were all these wars in the balkans . 
  talk tough but i doubt you would be risking your life for your warmongering bravado . 
  no different than any other nationalist . 
  i could only imagine your description of / r/newrussia . 
  and just so that they could build some more chair factories . 
  definitely weird . 
  100 % correct . 
  but you are dealing with a nationalist . 
  what greece did was illegal and turkey was justified literally in writing to invade . 
  what this has to do with wars from other centuries on the other side of the planet , i have no idea . 
  usa most definitely did n't have wars of conquest against either france or the uk . 
  yes , i have seen logic like this in ukraine . 
  has very peaceful results . 
  false , they are separate countries and were prior to occupation . 
  it is that kind of thinking that caused the mess in the first place . 
  greece owns cyprus now ? 
  it is not a thin line . 
  it is complete utter bullshit what has happened to greece . 
  that is great if they can . 
  always nice to hear positive news about turkey versus what i normally find here . 
  which part of greece is occupied ? 
  do n't ever go to / r/russia then . 
  better dead than red . 
  quite the bar you set . 
  that escalated really fucking fast . 
  ok , yes , it is a country , but you ca n't compare countries that are n't similar . 
  one is just a glorified city versus a traditional country . 
  is that pay decent considering cost of living ? 
  did n't mean to single you out . 
  just seems that the behavior gets ignored when done by straight people . 
  you are n't understanding . 
  you ca n't compare this kind of thing . 
  you ca n't use city states that operate as rich trade hubs to full fledged nations . 
  ok , well , go to the redneck riviera like around panama city during spring break season and tell me if you do n't see straight people acting out in public . 
  i think mentioning places like singapore and and hong kong is completely worthless as far as comparisons go . 
  south korea and france however would be a much more reasonable argument regardless of whatever conclusions you are trying to draw . 
  why in the fuck are you comparing a city full of insanely rich people with entire real countries ? 
  that would make his statement accurate . 
  if you get all these credits and deductions to where you owe no money or even get paid by the government , you clearly are n't paying income taxes . 
  are the wages actually that low there ? 
  i do n't really give a shit how hard someone works . 
  i only care about the income they get from it . 
  they absolutely do . 
  it is n't difficult to get many things for free if you are an illegal immigrant in the usa . 
  i know some personally . 
  they would much rather be legal immigrants though and even pay income taxes to help their case of one day becoming legalized . 
  turkey , iraq , syria , and ... ?
