  i have never seen such fragile egos . 
  what does isis have to do with the other rebel groups ? 
  they are different groups . 
  usa is already saying that they would do that . 
  you are mentioning things to do that are already in the works . 
  also eu is for the most part nato . 
  eu should be held responsible for doing nothing against russia in their backyard . 
  most of them are looking for reasons to cut their military because they use usa for a crutch . 
  nah they just want to complain while getting the benefits for free . 
  dragged into wars ? 
  lol . 
  they do n't do shit and are the richest country in europe and do n't spend shit on defense . 
  yeah , in march . 
  where do you think money comes from for investment banks ? 
  you ca n't seriously be this dense . 
  and you are wrong about german gold as well . 
  37 tons from all over the world . 
  germany had gold in paris and london as well to this day . 
  merkel herself said she has zero issues with gold . 
  i feel dumber by osmosis every time you write anything down . 
  then you wonder why the whole sub treats you like an idiot and a troll . 
  i do n't know why i was foolish enough to actually listen to what you had to say . 
  completely empty in the head except for crackpot conspiracies and wishful fantasies of western powers collapsing . 
  that is because of a stupid treaty . 
  the only point of those troops is to die and guarantee a war starts with all of nato . 
  yes , but sanctions keep them weak . 
  the point was that only a military can take them out unless the people within finally revolt on their own . 
  plus they get propped up from china . 
  russia gets almost all their revenue direct from eu . 
  great counterpoint . 
  it isolates them from becoming a strong regional power that is capable of attacking south korea . 
  you ca n't remove a government without force . 
  dictators do n't just retire . 
  russia being sanctioned shows there are consequences for their behavior and punishes their economy . 
  they need money to fund an army . 
  just look at the booming economy in north korea for example . 
  i totally agree with your assessment . 
  there is no government bonds bubble . 
  united states treasury notes are the most sought after investment in the world and the usa holds most of them either through the government or citizens ' private investments . 
  your talk about german gold is also ridiculous . 
  there is zero issue with holding gold in the usa and transporting it is very expensive . 
  germany has gold in other countries as well . 
  you are completely right . 
  how hard is it to pay attention ? 
  russia was doing this as soon as the soviet government fell . 
  there is absolutely nothing new here . 
  what the hell are you rambling about ? 
  why is the usa economy crashing ? 
  saying it will because it will is beyond pointless and stupid and makes you just look like someone with a tin foil hat . 
  the point is to hurt russia as a punishment . 
  the sanctions only recently started . 
  the only other way to get them to stop is through force . 
  why is that hard to understand ? 
  people invading to annex a country do n't leave because you ask nicely especially when lying about it the whole time . 
  sanctions do n't work like a light switch . 
  when only one party is the one invading it is poetry much on the invaders to get out . 
  the west is n't doing anything wrong . 
  they are n't the ones that think they own other countries to annex as they please . 
  the only option past sanctions is war . 
  not doing sanctions is giving russia an endorsement for their continued belligerence and abuse of ukraine . 
  what snowball effect ? 
  a bunch of people screaming the sky is falling for decades as the usa continues to grow larger and larger . 
  what does russia have to do with anything ? 
  it is a small economy . 
  how delusional are you that you think it is possible for russia to crash the usa economy ? 
  eu and usa are at least sixteen times larger than russia 's economy . 
  the point is that if you deny your own soldiers are even dying and you parade the enemy like nazis and you deny you are even there , what hope is there as a prisoner ? 
  thanks !, 
  i had no idea how bad it was . 
  fireworks would n't be as problem . 
  stalingrad was a nice touch . 
  yeah russia would run it without issues i am sure . 
  i can only imagine the customer service levels would make comcast envious . 
  is that true ? 
  i never heard about that, 
  cough south korea cough . 
  because the press is so open in russia and anything that is said over there is to be believed . 
  russia is a dictatorship . 
  so does mexico get los angeles ? 
  switzerland is not neutral . 
  yes so much war mongering from the west that refuses to get involved and ukraine defending itself . 
  when will everyone stop picking on the invaders that are denying anything is happening ? 
  based on ? 
  their biggest resource is american soldiers and tax payers . 
  any money they have to spend is a waste . 
  that should be good watching putin attempt to fuck over any of those five countries . 
  do not open pandora 's box . 
  they have gotten completely crazy after bush . 
  no one is stopping eu from leading the way either . 
  based on what ? 
  oh yeah so stripping dead soldiers of benefits and saying they died on their own on vacation or denying they even died is n't lack of respect ? 
  if they are parading people around like nazis , imagine what else is done to them . 
  they literally want civilians to know the enemy are nazis and treat them as subhuman . 
  i am sure they get treated great right after that . 
  i guesses we need to ignore that people are assaulted for inspecting graves of dead russian soldiers too . 
  there is nothing cover about any of this . 
  what the hell makes you think anyone in the world believes putin and his lies ? 
  he just come off like a snake and the world treats russia like a pariah . 
  in the meantime he thinks he is some genius and it justified treating his own people like garbage and trying to convince them they 're suffering from a worldwide conspiracy against them less by usa . 
  there is no excuse for fucking over the lives of russian families who now have dead sons brothers and fathers that were just poor conscripts .
