  do n't you mean almost 100 ? 
  who the fuck would shill in a russian sub ? 
  that is like muslims traveling to mecca to convert people . 
  those idiots are true believers . 
  russia supports the nationalism and war . 
  they are n't protesting . 
  there were americans and people in eu protesting iraq . 
  do you read ? 
  the bigger economy always wins in sanctions . 
  they can absorb the hits . 
  even worse to do it in russia . 
  takes some balls . 
  always funny to watch russian press freedom in action . 
  well if you can bullshit in one topic it is easy to switch to the other . 
  just switch hats . 
  everything said is pointless anyway . 
  we are all talking about stuff that has no affect on us like it does for people in ukraine . 
  i guess america just had people appear from evolution versus immigration . 
  we are a totally different species as well i guess . 
  yes , yes , russia is n't sending military to ukraine . 
  we know , worldwide conspiracy . 
  we all know the speech from you already . 
  if it was even georgians that shoot them in the first place . 
  never mind that it is georgia territory in the first place . 
  i am sure russia would welcome peace keepers in their territory with open arms . 
  it is amazing how many trolls you find with earth and black flag flairs . 
  like a homing beacon for bots . 
  all of ukraine government is legit . 
  and what would they do when already surrounded and cut off by tens of thousands in a sneak attack under bullshit pretenses . 
  they took advantage of a lease to take over a country . 
  well to be fair , nobody would invade austria . 
  they benefit from nato without joining it . 
  enemies or not though there is no excuse for mismanagement . 
  sounds like they kept the huge head while cutting down the body piece by piece . 
  ago they are supposed to endanger the lives of ukrainians citizens with war in crimea . 
  they showed restraint and were going through a crisis in central government at same time . 
  russia swooped in with disguised soldiers like war criminals along with taking advantage of a lease that has a full army already on the territory in a better position than ukraine itself . 
  the fighting would have been suicide . 
  the military was in pathetic shape under prior government . 
  if usa storms luxemburg and they have no chance to retaliate , does that mean they were n't attacked and have no right to complain ? 
  truly pathetic . 
  very sad to hear . 
  as usual the grunts and the country suffers . 
  keep cutting but the officers can never suffer . 
  they have too much political pull . 
  i ca n't even comprehend that many generals for such a low force . 
  they need to be discharged . 
  i do n't doubt the stories about bases being comical as well . 
  austria is so small . 
  there is n't a need for bases everywhere . 
  they are also surrounded by nato countries . 
  thank you for the information . 
  i had assumed it was at least 1 % . 
  that is very bizarre . 
  if they want to increase military , just do it . 
  why would individual ministries have to finance it ? 
  just make cuts elsewhere and increase defense or take on more debt to finance it . 
  i do n't understand the reasoning behind the funny accounting . 
  they scuttled ships around ukraine bases to trap their navy . 
  they also surrounded army bases not letting them leave without starting a full scale war where they were already outnumbered and with no logistical support . 
  what the hell do you call barricading naval and army bases ? 
  it is pretty hard to do anything on a peninsula when russia does a sneak attack and has tens of thousands of soldiers there and the government is dealing with a mess at same time . 
  i strictly lurk there . 
  i know they will recognize my name and i would drown in downvotes even without flair because of the overlap in users . 
  that place is ridiculous . 
  talking about nazis and western conspiracies gets upvotes . 
  completely retarded . 
  although the tide is turning there against the bullshit slowly . 
  easy to say while across the atlantic that ukraine ca n't fight an invading army or else they might offend putin and his mindless nationalist thugs . 
  it began when crimea was sieged . 
  is austrian military really that pathetic currently ? 
  genuine question , not being sarcastic . 
  just search \\ #nazijunta for their tweets . 
  i have completely neutral comments about bland topics down voted almost without fail . 
  i know damn well i am down voted based on flair . 
  i just do n't give a shit . 
  you have americans and canadians hiding in this sub with `` ethnic '' flair . 
  completely stupid . 
  english is n't even my first language and my parents are from europe but i still use american flair . 
  you just know from the start that russians and americans are automatically down voted by euro elitists with their nose in the air . 
  yes , `` third world '' . 
  great attacking of the flair versus the comment . 
  that never happens . 
  just down vote the flag as per usual and move on . 
  `` forced '' how ? 
  using the time honored tradition of the big brother `` i am not touching you '' casus belli ? 
  it is a false flag by american nazis supporting the fascist junta in kiev . 
  the equipment is from ex soviet bloc countries manned by russian traitors . 
  the key here is russia is innocent and only concerned about the the welfare of russians all over the world . 
  putin is just leading a liberation tour . 
  yes very much sarcastic . 
  what else are they supposed to do with an invading army ? 
  say tsk tsk very loudly like the eu and usa ? 
  guys , i have important questions . 
  first , what about america ? 
  second , where is forensic evidence from multiple sources . 
  i do n't believe this propaganda from nazi government . 
  they made their choice when they joined eu . 
  in that case do n't join eu . 
  you are either in or out .
