  my verb conjugation would make you cry . 
  worst part is it was actually my first language . 
  ha , in that case , never mind . 
  i never check those things . 
  porkchop detected . 
  remove flair . 
  quite the opposite . 
  if anything it admits that english is essentially lingua franca of europe . 
  i encourage this usage . 
  it allows me to autotag people who belong in / r/iamverysmart . 
  i do read your comments . 
  obviously i only meant if it was a lowly populated country that was weak . 
  i use china 's actions in south china sea as an example . 
  they would never risk war with russia since russia has a strong military . 
  i only meant in a break up . 
  i also see no reason for siberia to not belong to russia in the first place or why it would be independent . 
  it has been a part of russia for a very long time . 
  cool map . 
  the problem was never solved in the first place . 
  the problem was always putin . 
  the puppet was traded for an invasion . 
  it is still the same problem . 
  the only thing that would save ukraine is nato in ukraine or russia to stop being a nationalistic nightmare of a nation . 
  i am interested in finding out who squats better . 
  he was n't the problem . 
  he was just proof of the problem that lives farther east . 
  go to / r/worldpolitics and your jaw will drop with the idiocy . 
  they have infested / r/worldnews heavily as well . 
  how do you defuse something when you are n't the one creating war in the first place ? 
  i think the middle class consists of oligarchs that had their wealth seized when they cross putin . 
  these anti-porn rallies are getting out of hand . 
  those tanks will make their way to albania in due time just with less vin plates . 
  people can rightly think russia is a fucked up nation while thinking the extremists of maidan are idiots . 
  forever and ever . 
  i hope . 
  if it was an independent and weak politically and militarily ? 
  yes , i do . 
  much like china thinks they own all of south china sea . 
  siberia is rich in resources . 
  no one is interested in siberia for the weather . 
  i 'm still not sure which one is which . 
  keep defending people that steal from the country they live in . 
  no , that makes it even worse by far . 
  that just has russia taking advantage of a situation to make the country unstable as possible because they were n't russian aligned right after ussr breakup . 
  the effects are blatantly clear even decades later . 
  you either agree to be a vassal or invite invasions if you ever make the mistake of looking at eu . 
  reddit would cease to exist . 
  i 'm just a bit tired of russians claiming they were oppressed by georgians to take the stalin was from georgia trope seriously . 
  i guess russification was n't a thing and ethnic cleansing did n't happen . 
  it was just russia sitting there in a government of equals . 
  i 've also been told by many russians that the baltics are just whiners complaining about bullshit since russians were oppressed too . 
  that is beyond lazy that you ca n't even grab a random person on the street while driving around . 
  genocidal abkhazians and yet russia armed them to strike at georgia who was too independent for russia 's liking . 
  who actually thinks siberia would n't have a target from china instantly for expansion ? 
  i thought most of siberia was russian anyway at this point ? 
  the reason i single out germany is because they are the only country that doesn `` t spend the agreed amount among the big three . 
  if germany and other countries feel it is too much then get the agreements changed rather than just doing as you please anyway . 
  there are examples of other countries increasing it in steps to reach 2 % as their goal . 
  poland and baltics are examples of this . 
  i could also be very cynical and point out countries like portugal and spain are having an atrocious economy and should n't be used for comparison . 
  they could also be taking advantage of system since only the border states are the ones increasing spending while other countries do n't care because they have the usa , uk , and france along with sacrificial buffer countries . 
  well you either lead or follow . 
  you are just trying to have benefits without negatives in case your own words do n't make that abundantly clear . 
  \\ #justrussianthings, 
  drop it at the border . 
  always defer to the pros . 
  yes , it was georgia putting the boot to the neck of russia and calling the shots . 
  i think they even moved the capital out of moscow . 
  well russia has always been ussr 2.0 . 
  they took their seat in un . 
  what is the point of keeping a treaty that is broken in the first place ? 
  in that case stop pushing austerity in eu and pull out of nato if you refuse to follow rules that you are very easily capable of following . 
  you are just saying you want all the benefits and zero costs . 
  how unique . 
  well considering your own tribe is allowed to say anything along with all the tribes around you , maybe you can trust them versus the lone tribe that kills people for not repeating propaganda ? 
  germany agreed to 2 % . 
  if they do n't like it leave nato . 
  it is that simple . 
  the alliance does n't depends on germany having just enough military to protect themselves . 
  if that is the case , leave and be switzerland . 
  how is having the military to protect germany from poland relevant if russia invaded estonia ? 
  as it stands now it is a bunch of countries milking and taking advantage of the peace that nato brings while passing the buck on defense spending as if any country enjoys spending taxes . 
  you think there are brits who sit at home throwing parties that they get to spend more of their taxes on defense than germany ? 
  what makes you think germany is so unique in wanting free military so they can spend money elsewhere . 
  this is like talking a poll of people asking if they would want free rent . 
  germany is the biggest country does n't follow it . 
  they are n't even close . 
  sets a horrible example . 
  no it is n't seemingly agreed to not follow that . 
  it is just a bunch of freeloaders abusing the alliance . 
  it is one thing when a poor country does it . 
  what is germany 's excuse ? 
  if everyone depended on everyone else to take care of defense , there would be no one left . 
  all you are saying is we have usa tax payers paying for us . 
  we can spend money on other things for ourselves . 
  i really wish that those feelings would go away . 
  germany is not going to invade neighbor countries . 
  it is a shame that germans have to be ashamed to be proud of their country . 
  i criticize germany for not being more of an aggressive leader like france or uk . 
  i view germany as an ally that is n't doing their share in leadership .
