  no , they actually are n't required to invade countries because of them thinking they are independent countries . 
  yeah the west is to blame . 
  pathetic . 
  i have always heard ukraine is the missile basket of europe . 
  yes , we need a driver 's license in the pic or gtfo . 
  actually there was wmd in iraq but nowhere close to the quantities that was said . 
  also , your statement implies there is literally no proof that could ever convince you . 
  for my own sanity i refuse to believe this is real . 
  i am not sure one way or the other with them but i guess i have to side with you if i had to choose . 
  i just get worried with pakistan due to extremism . 
  i have much more faith in the indian government keeping their shit together and not allowing proliferation . 
  look at pakistan and india . 
  usa gives money to them and sells them weapons . 
  yes , because putin needs `` justifications '' to do whatever he wants . 
  they make a button for that . 
  yeah , i never said there was n't waste in the us military . 
  my point is that most of nato has nowhere near their 2 % goal and many are fixing that by cutting even more . 
  because , hell , why not , the usa protects us and taxpayers hate paying taxes , so have the americans pay for it . 
  yes , now tell me how cutting defense in countries that do n't spend anything as it is creates an `` improved '' military . 
  budget cuts improving the military . 
  never go full meta . 
  who says a country has to do anything `` on their own '' . 
  it is an alliance and the help uk provides is appreciated . 
  hell of a lot better than bitching and whining about spending any money towards defense and saying they will never be attacked . 
  i do not want america getting protection money . 
  america simply wants countries to take their own self defense seriously in exchange for a very sweet deal on their end . 
  stable countries are a benefit to the usa , all usa asks in return is to not have the receiving countries openly mocking the `` alliance '' by viewing military as optional now that america is on their side . 
  it is bullshit that there are european taxpayers who think it is cool to say military spending is bullshit and that it is ok to have american taxpayers take care of it for them so they can spend their own taxes elsewhere . 
  as if american taxpayers would n't also like a free military . 
  it is blatant freeloading especially when done by rich countries like germany . 
  usa would never complain if their allies all acted like the uk . 
  they must be , they are forever talking about nato empire expanding one invasion at a time . 
  pay countries what exactly ? 
  i do n't follow on what you are trying to say . 
  individual comments proving they themselves are dicks does n't speak for governments as a whole . 
  i honestly wonder what the media is like in arab/muslim countries . 
  because when i watch al jazeera i usually come away decently impressed with their coverage . 
  yes , much better to sell everyone out left and right and be `` neutral '' . 
  you could have had a steal when katrina hit new orleans . 
  i am watching you . 
  and i agree with you . 
  i think someone needs to go first or the big three need to get together and agree to do something serious because so far nothing has happened . 
  russia sanctions itself harder than eu does . 
  cutting russia out of financial transactions , stopping drilling tech transfers to russia , cutting off all arms sales and making a full press effort to source all fuel from outside russia . 
  that would make russian attempts to have an imposing military impossible and they could n't invade neighbors every time they disagree anymore . 
  usa ca n't really do much since there is no real trade . 
  but banning oil companies from doing business in russia would be something and giving aid to ukraine . 
  even in a world war , the british are still concerned about their vacation plans . 
  they will need any advantage they have because they have no tariff money coming in anymore and there will be rebels popping up every month in basque area and catalonia eating all their manpower . 
  well how the eu responded to ukraine should put your mind at ease i 'm sure , haha . 
  yes , because having an artificially lowered currency for germany all while living in a country that does n't suffer any of the negative effects that are happening in the euro zone does n't benefit your export business which is one of the largest in the world at all . 
  also what you consider huge amounts of money is a pittance . 
  the transfers that happen inside of the euro zone are nowhere close to what needs to happen for a union to function properly . 
  you also are n't exactly `` suffering '' by giving loans to countries like greece and profiting from them . 
  no , no , you do n't understand . 
  germans are better than everyone and everyone else is doing bad because they deserve it . 
  and all the while the portuguese and other countries are being blamed because they just do n't `` reform enough '' and germany looks the other way while cashing checks from their exports . 
  none of this happens in usa because there are huge transfers from winners to losers so that the collective does better as a whole instead of states competing and fucking over other states whenever they have an advantage . 
  portugal is fucked . 
  14 % even after all the young leave in droves every year and the country just keeps getting older with all the brains long gone . 
  unemployment will be 0 % once everyone leaves or dies off !, 
  that implies anyone `` fell '' for the trick in the first place . 
  putin is only able to play this game because there are willing participants . 
  this is just greed in action on both sides of ukraine . 
  the west is being bribed to look the other way while russia invades and fucks over ukraine to show how big and strong and relevant russia is to keep the russian people happy and distracted . 
  the eu is n't doing anything because they are only concerned about themselves as a group . 
  and many times not even that and only care about their individual countries . 
  usa can only do so much , because eu has to lead the efforts considering it is their backyard . 
  also , eu has all the power with economics because russia has hardly any trade with usa in comparison to the huge amount of trade that russia has with eu . 
  russia ca n't survive without eu money . 
   ( i hope ) haha, 
  having more nukes than the other guy when both number in the hundreds is not `` winning '' . 
  i live in a target along with tens of millions of americans and that also applies to tens of millions of europeans . 
  the only winning for a nuclear war is to not play . 
  also , russia has increased their military spending by a huge amount as of late in an attempt to catch up to nato . 
  georgia seriously embarrassed them . 
  granted they have lots of ground to still cover considering ukraine is managing to hold their own . 
  speak for yourself . 
  all of earth will be assimilated . 
  i was n't criticizing bashing for the sake of it . 
  america is bashed on a regular basis when there is literally nothing to do with usa in the thread . 
  i was criticizing the timing considering it was a good action by france . 
  doing one does n't rule out the other . 
  i do n't get the obsession . 
  before russia invaded ukraine , usa did n't give a shit that russia even existed . 
  they moved on to relevant countries like china . 
  russia desperately wants to have usa for an enemy to give people something to rally behind and ignore how shitty russian government is . 
  plus being a rival of usa can make it seem like it is just as powerful and relevant as the usa . 
  no need to cross alps . 
  italy will switch sides halfway through anyway . 
  plus , by then russia will have some sweet french assault ships that they can use to wrap around them and liberate barcelona . 
  no , it would n't . 
  russia needs to worry about their own borders instead of thinking it can invade whoever they please and act as `` peacekeepers '' over their new republics . 
  any attack will bring the full force of nato or at a bare minimum the full force of the us military which is enough to crush and dismantle russian military by itself . 
  nato will at least hold the line at the pyrenees says the spaniard . 
  it is n't thriving on ambiguity . 
  it is thriving on countries willingly playing along so they do n't have to do anything but care about themselves . 
  putin is just allowing natural greed to play its role . 
  estonia falling would literally lead to wars all over the planet because of usa being proven to be a paper tiger . 
  it would also lead to the spread of nuclear weapons which in the end would end up leading to a huge risk of nuclear war anyway as they spread into more hands and warfare is more widespread .
