  what ? 
  who fears alcohol ? 
  i really wish i was joking earlier . 
  this is today 's american republicans . 
  stupidity is a badge of honor . 
  this person could have been president for example . 
  it is n't a false dilemma if germany sits on their hands doing nothing but burning coal . 
  i would much prefer france 's energy situation to germany 's . 
  it is 2014 . 
  what has stopped germany from alternatives from coal at this rate ? 
  do you manage to leave your house ? 
  how is burning coal and depending on russia good for germany and environment ? 
  japan happened due to a massive natural disaster . 
  that is the truth . 
  speaking from experience or just regular circle jerk from you ? 
  learn to read . 
  did the frames of russia murdering their `` brother '' get edited out ? 
  i am surprised they left out being nailed to a crucifix . 
  they would repaint the name and leave the dick . 
  yeah , just ignore the massive tsunami and earthquake . 
  these are regular occurrences in germany . 
  i do n't mean it like the factories will be manned by prussian soldiers . 
  i just mean that germany builds very high quality goods and they sure as hell are n't slapping shit together like the soviets and keeping things running on a shoe string . 
  you ca n't compare modern germany to the ussr . 
  and never would have happened if not for that idiot king fighting the moors with no heir . 
  i just assume in the last year that all countries that are west of russia have a nazi love affair . 
  which is a good policy for defense , but this is a country that absolutely believes in `` spheres of influence '' and has zero qualms of using invasions to enforce it . 
  all ukraine wanted to do was make a trade deal with eu and they got invaded . 
  thankfully for finland , there are n't many russians living there . 
  it just sounds like idiocy . 
  do n't they realize that coal is killing people on a constant basis and pollutes their country ? 
  and sorry , maybe i put a lot more faith in germans than the germans do , but i expect them to do things legit and to have a proper reactor and act safely . 
  this is n't the ussr where everything is slapped together and there is no money for anything . 
  modern day reactors put out an amazing amount of power and have almost no waste at all . 
  it is truly a marvel . 
  from my understanding , russia has the latest and the greatest working just fine in their country . 
  nuclear exists in the usa , but we have environmental people that fight everything in this country . 
  germany is obviously exponentially more extreme in that regard . 
  sounds like the entire country wants to be `` safe '' and also despises the idea of anything being in their backyard . 
  a formula for zero progress like you predicted . 
  i honestly have no idea why germany hates it so much versus the rest of the world . 
  i find it to be very ironic that a country that had nuclear bombs dropped on them is more willing to use nuclear energy than germany . 
  this shit is too meta for me . 
  sorry , the russian group slipped my mind . 
  thanks for answer . 
  it is n't hypocritical if you do n't expect anything . 
  if you expected help though , then it would be . 
  that is the only thing i was talking about . 
  in my mind . 
  i would either make sure my country is armed to the teeth or join nato . 
  i would likely want to join nato in your position . 
  although i would be more inclined if i was in sweden since they manage to have more diversified trade while finland depends on russia too much . 
  russia telling me who or what i 'm allowed to do would not fly with me . 
  the bullshit crashing borders countless times with military would n't fly with me either . 
  i do n't know if st. helens was ever considered dormant . 
  that volcano is active even now . 
  an example of a dead volcano is one that is n't on a hot spot anymore . 
  island chains represent this pretty well . 
  anyway , you get the point . 
  germany has nothing to worry about and is scared of something that wo n't happen . 
  all the examples of nuclear plants going wrong had lots of stupidity and human error playing a part . 
  i just expect better of germany and they most definitely are n't going to suffer from any massive natural disasters that is going to wreck the country . 
  your hypothetical scenario sounds like hell on earth . 
  i am confused , what are these `` two '' alliances ? 
  i also never said the country had to join nato against their will . 
  the people of sweden and finland should do what they want just like any other country . 
  i just find the actions hypocritical . 
  they want to play both sides and then if it bites them in the ass they expect everyone to come and save the day for them . 
  that sounds like such an awful system . 
  this is like germany fearing a volcano . 
  it is almost like there is an alliance that exists for that purpose already . 
  but i 'm glad you are against it until you need it . 
  very convenient . 
  you could n't be more wrong on that end . 
  we have politicians who think being raped makes your body produce birth control . 
  yes , but , it is kind of hard to keep that hush hush when there is such a large section of the country that supports it . 
  it was n't some little protest . 
  what is your point ? 
  when did usa invade eastern europe ? 
  it was a union . 
  portugal was not spain . 
  do you even know what that word means ? 
  i could only imagine you at a sports stadium . 
  that is hilarious . 
  how could that not get mentioned ? 
  what is unique with germany that makes them so against nuclear versus other countries ? 
  i 'm not blaming politicians for that . 
  i know they are just going with how the population feels . 
  thanks for that link on putin . 
  i 've never seen that before . 
  well you are probably right , but should n't be necessary in the first place . 
  i also do n't think it makes it justified either on russia 's end . 
  i 'm not informed enough on the situation with turkey to really have an opinion . 
  the only thing i know is that the kurds are getting fucked for decades and part of the reason is to appease the turks . 
  i personally wish the kurds were able to have their own country at this point . 
  how is ukraine a threat to russia ? 
  ukraine did n't do anything threatening to anyone except try to make a trade deal with eu . 
  last i checked russia does n't control ukraine . 
  russia itself also does huge trade with eu . 
  putin flat out does n't respect ukraine 's borders and russia is breaking their promises to do exactly that in writing .
