  so clever and everyone totally agrees with you here ,, 
  if it is n't fucked up then why the need to lie about it ? 
  if it is legit there would have been no need for russia to lie and everyone to see right through it and for everyone here having to suffer with the where is proof trolls amd idiots . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the point also clearly flew over your head as well . 
  because there was a lack of command during a crisis and russia massively outnumbers ukraine considering they had bases throughout the area . 
  leasing bases in foreign `` friendly '' countries and using it to seize land from those countries is fucked up by any measure . 
  i think everyone has issue with methods versus actual results for the most part . 
  showing the people there reality versus the onslaught of propaganda . 
  you realize how many drunk russian men kill themselves while living a miserable poor life ? 
  tell us about the negros next . 
  do you not understand how median works ? 
  exactly right . 
  it is hard to sell a vw for that premium . 
  to answer you , it uses gps coordinates to help you realize you are going too fast for an upcoming turn . 
  without markings or cars though , you are basically operating blind . 
  we are talking basically off road here though if these roads are basically unpaved . 
  this is according to my latest and greatest training on vehicles just hitting the road . 
  prototypes and research are a different story . 
  the amount of tech that is already in service today is staggering . 
  networking of all the computer modules to allow using inputs from the entire car to make decisions has allowed insane progress very quickly . 
  an example of this is how navigation is used to inform not only the driver , but the car itself as a way to make automated driving decisions . 
  i am telling you right now that a brand new q7 will guide you along while you sit there brain dead at the wheel and basically drives for you with zero need of traffic markings . 
  it only needs other vehicles and gps to work . 
  dude , just use your eyes at all the black smoke that billows out of heavy duty trucks and compare it to a diesel car that does almost nothing . 
  yes but even on road commercial is much dirtier than passenger vehicles . 
  that is n't true at all . 
  people prove all the time that they are absolute shit in inclement weather . 
  vehicles are able to take corrective measures without using road markings . 
  i know because i have driven them myself . 
  they follow cars versus lanes which is what matters in cities . 
  uh , there are far different standards with commercial vehicles and they are far dirtier than passenger vehicles . 
  there are basically no diesel passenger sales in the usa outside of vw/audi . 
  they dominate the niche . 
  cars already have self driving abilities on the road right now driven by consumers , but the software prevents it due to liability . 
  you do realize the futility of predicting a decade of growth right ? 
  also i would always prefer the country with higher nominal gdp because that means they are producing more euros and the people are richer . 
  does n't work like that . 
  much harder to grow as you become more developed versus growth rates at the bottom . 
  where are you getting that romania is richer than croatia ?!, 
  this confidence of how serbia is better than croatia very soon is really comical as well . 
  based on what ? 
  when exactly did it look like a safe investment in the first place ? 
  seizing your personal assets and kangaroo court system are considered safe ? 
  that is ridiculous . 
  so if they do n't grow 3 times as fast forever you feel better about having a worse country ? 
  and yet it snowed today . 
  how is your statement related at all to the story ? 
  quite the high bar you set for yourself there by comparing to bosnia . 
  maybe you could consider that the rest of the country does n't want to stay with a low quality of life forever and that might not be `` enough '' for them ? 
  because it is objectively true . 
  putin was aware and does not care about the cost . 
  he has stated nuclear powers must have their interests respected specifically regarding ukraine and the normal nato expanding nonsense . 
  take that to the logical conclusion . 
  if you are a sociopath i suppose . 
  the usa does n't go around bragging about nukes and use it as a reason to be catered to wishes of empire building . 
  i mean , putin literally brags about nukes . 
  he is practically a bond villain except more simple minded . 
  complaining about warmongering while literally occupying land in several countries around eurasia . 
  that implies russia views them as real countries . 
  russia is a king on the board and pawns are dispensable . 
  so it just invades all its neighbors and creates puppets out of self defense ? 
  i am glad it has nothing to do with russia trying to have another reiteration of their former empires . 
  no need to be redundant at the end there . 
  spending time allowing my worldview to be shaped by worldnews comments means i have made a series of bad life choices to end up there . 
  those people are idiots . 
  why should fooling idiots be the benchmark for intelligence ? 
  really , i had no idea nato would not come to the aid of other nato countries if attacked in that matter . 
  i just assumed that the uk decided to handle things on their own in the 1980s . 
  of course not , but you only need a navy to protect a tiny group of islands . 
  it is n't like you need a carrier to take on venezuela . 
  plus there is nato protecting everyone , so long as they take the initiative to at least care about themselves first . 
  it is impossible to defend a country that refuses to even bother defending itself . 
  it is n't like they are competing with the uk on controlling the pacific trade routes anymore . 
  some frigates and destroyers can go a long way to delivering a message . 
  spending 2 % effectively goes a long way . 
  i understand why , but you know france and the uk would n't put up with those games and there is history proving that . 
  i would n't have backed down myself to an aggressive venezuela , but i am obviously not a diplomat . 
  no wonder i did n't hear about that . 
  it was 24/7 ukraine even in this sub . 
  that is a shame . 
  venezuela had an indefensible position . 
  i guess they did n't want a repeat of falklands to release him . 
  the war part . 
  i was aware of islands . 
  no idea about american bases though . 
  i ca n't keep track . 
  imagine if there was internet in 1989 . 
  that amount of butthurt and hot air could have replaced all the gas they supply to eu . 
  please do n't remind me . 
  oh that is interesting . 
  i never heard of that until now . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  venezuela ? 
  might as well be costa rica with that kind of military . 
  basically depending on all your neighbors to protect your national interests . 
  in the case of russia , it clearly is n't worth caring about the netherlands when they do n't care themselves based on their politicians . 
  ukraine is receiving plenty of russian kindness as we speak . 
  georgia has some nice stories to tell too . 
  sounds like they are just sore that ussr fell apart and russia does n't have their empire anymore .
