  well expecting the best is kind of pointless if you have looked at russia 's playbook the past couple hundred years . 
  oh more rockets getting shot down ? 
  more dead arab children ? 
  yep totally new . 
  more settlements ? 
  never heard that one before . 
  better give israel more money . 
  there story is complete , repeat until all west bank is jewish . 
  so once again no matter who plays , africa loses . 
  so i guess ukip was ahead of the game and finishing what battle of london started ? 
  veto on that one . 
  they ca n't even run northern ireland properly . 
  yeah i just assumed they are fed properly . 
  makes no difference for me . 
  i am in a country that had more beef than they know what to do with . 
  i was only making a joke and assumed they could n't grow it efficiently . 
  i did n't think the quality sucked as well . 
  how do you screw up raising animals ? 
  so it was russian discrimination against russians that were keeping the farmers down ? 
  i feel like this could inspire a new age in the space program . 
  this is an excellent idea . 
  russia does n't invade anywhere . 
  it just currently occupies what is currently theirs . 
  all land is also historically theirs even if only a day ago . 
  eastern europe has nothing to worry about so long as they never look at a map older than 1992 . 
  i did read it . 
  i was confused by your agreement there while making comparisons to china here to be honest . 
  i did n't pay attention to time . 
  that was my mistake . 
  no , obama will just make a new executive order for martial law and an indefinite third term . 
  first reich , best reich . 
  nah , no friends on here . 
  do you at least see why there are troops stationed in europe after your multiple questions ? 
  what military alliance does china have with anyone ? 
  the last thing any country wants is chinese troops anywhere near them . 
  china is trying to claim the entire south china sea as theirs never mind things like occupied tibet . 
  usa is obligated to protect most of the countries they stay in . 
  otherwise they are leasing bases to help themselves project power . 
  we honestly need to learn a bit of discretion if we are that easy to read . 
  what an absurd statement . 
  it is all relative . 
  is america rubbing off on you ? 
  no , the logic is n't flawed in the least . 
  russia has no right to tell any other country who they can be allied with . 
  that is n't irrelevant . 
  good luck naming a single country that was taken over and forced into nato by force . 
  the countries that are in nato are all there by choice and actively want to be in it . 
  they can leave at any time . 
  russia has absolutely no right to complain about nato . 
  no one is telling russia who they can associate with . 
  it works both ways . 
  and since when are all slavs the same and automatically russians ? 
  there were different kingdoms that showed up in actual russian lands like moscow and novgorod . 
  russia 's power has centered around moscow for centuries . 
  that implies the ukrainians materialized from thin air . 
  yeah , i would guess the same . 
  yes , it is flawless logic . 
  nato is n't invading countries and taking them by force . 
  who the hell does russia think they are , that they can demand every country in a continent who they are allowed to have relations with ? 
  the countries that join nato are the ones seeking protection from russia in the first place . 
  the last country a country like poland would be listening to is russia of all places . 
  russia should be more concerned with the fact that they have no industry and function as a cold gas station . 
  it is ridiculous that they think they get to decide the foreign policy of all of europe and playing `` victim '' while invading countries and stealing land . 
  they can cry about the vast western worldwide conspiracy to make them look bad but they have no one to blame but themselves . 
  i guess the whole world should aspire to killing their journalists until they achieve the levels of journalistic integrity and non bias that russia has achieved . 
  well why would n't it be considered ukrainian considering the kingdom was based in ukraine ? 
  china does what china wants as they should . 
  china does n't have to get involved in something that does n't affect them in the slightest . 
  ukraine has no impact on china . 
  who the hell is suggesting invading russia ? 
  but they already have nato on border . 
  nato is n't invading russia , they just want to be safe from actions like crimea which obviously do happen . 
  russia peacekeeping is a death knell for a country as well . 
  using that logic , then the kim dynasty in north korea is full of excellent leaders because of cult of personality and unrivaled leadership through fear famine and murder . 
  ussr is not much of mankind . 
  it is one country . 
  the people of the ussr were brainwashed and were n't allowed to leave . 
  they were exiled and starved to death in the millions as well . 
  it is absurd that having people as essentially trapped hostages that you are killing until they comply out of fear is considered `` leadership '' by any standard . 
  the ussr lagged behind by every possible metric compared to the rest of the industrialized world out of pride and stupidity . 
  why should china care ? 
  i would squeeze russia on a good deal too . 
  i refuse to entertain the idea that stalin , someone that committed mass genocide , was a `` good '' leader . 
  being a leader means not killing off millions of your own people . 
  at this rate , i would n't be surprised if you also thought hitler was a good leader as well . 
  i just think your statements which i am not disagreeing with make this idea of putin losing power comical . 
  russians volunteer for dictators and will buy any bullshit you give them so long as it involves the evil west as the reason for all their problems . 
  ha , yes , of course . 
  who else would it be if not them ? 
  the theft claims come based on the fact that dutch gained their trading posts from war and swiping them from portugal . 
  i openly state that they were run better by dutch . 
  british also managed colonies better as well . 
  i just think the people who do things first are more impressive . 
  i find the empires of rome and the world wide empires of portuguese and spanish more impressive than america 's current pseudo empire for those reasons . 
  rome being my clear first choice for most impressive . 
  yeah but they did n't have to stay . 
  they had to be convinced to return . 
  embarrassing to abandon the portuguese like that . 
  i do stupidly respond anyway . 
  you ca n't take anyone seriously when they compare crimea to afghanistan and talk about disregard for un when it was done through un .
