  their military intervention however most definitely was not . 
  they just used it as a pretense to take over the island and kick greeks out and occupy it forever . 
  there is absolutely no way to defend the actions of turkey . 
  it is a bullshit hardliner government and it most definitely does n't belong in the eu . 
  last thing eu needs is a bunch of extremists as the largest country in the eu . 
  quite the either or scenario you have there . 
  you are right . 
  turkey is literally forced into ethnic cleansing . 
  since when is puppet government and their actions after they got there not part of their invasion ? 
  where did that treaty say ethnic cleansing was allowed and setting up puppet governments ? 
  the hell it is n't . 
  they are occupying a country and do n't even acknowledge that a government exists in that country . 
  i agree with you but the fact that it comes from you makes it hilarious for me . 
  who did they force into joining nato ? 
  when does the usa tell other countries who they can ally with or trade with ? 
  russia flat out considers every country they border to be theirs outside of maybe mongolia and obviously china . 
  i think a slap in the face compared to an occupation is a pretty fair trade . 
  turkey is different from eu countries in lots of ways . 
  turkey also is occupying an eu country for decades . 
  get the fuck out of cyprus first . 
  uk is n't occupying a third of the island . 
  cool , thank you for info . 
  i do n't know why i thought i read something about eu using russia to launch satellites . 
  it stood out for me because i remember something about it ending up in the wrong orbit . 
  turkey does n't deserve eu . 
  oh i know exactly what these russians are trying to do . 
  they want the quality of life of estonia but basically want it to be a de facto russian colony . 
  an example of what exactly ? 
  examples of prior currently declassified plans of basically invading all over the world . 
  i meant more about them talking about how much hardware gets wasted and what a spending spree the end of the fiscal year budgets are to make sure they never save money . 
  if there is money to be made , it will happen . 
  there is much more money to be made in developing countries versus established countries where growth is slower and mature . 
  no , you are right . 
  there is n't waste in the us military . 
  i guess friends in the military are lying and it is crazy to make any guesses based on past behavior released in the past once it was unclassified . 
  so in that case belgium is n't a real country either because of multiple languages ? 
  someone that speaks russian does n't mean they want to be a part of russia . 
  never been a real country before is a bit absurd . 
  there have always been ukrainians . 
  i do n't think ukraine is perfect , but i just think they should be given the opportunity to prosper . 
  i think that would benefit all of europe as a whole , because as it stands now they are pretty much a failed state . 
  i see lots of potential for economic growth inside of ukraine if it was turned into a safe and stable country instead of a russian vassal . 
  yes , do n't read too much into my comment . 
  i was just pointing out the irony at what he was saying , not trying to make him some kind of representative for a whole country . 
  that is crazy . 
  i agree countries would be against it . 
  no doubt about that . 
  i just think it is still possible for them to pull off . 
  when you have money , there is always a willing seller . 
  i just happen to think it would have a bad outcome for ukraine as a whole because the last thing they need is to piss off the west . 
  they are ukraine 's only way of escaping russia 's grasp on their government . 
  it would also very likely lead to russia invading them before it even got close and no one stopping it so that ukraine does n't end up with weapons . 
  people/person what is the difference ? 
  i clearly was n't talking about poland as a whole . 
  they were n't colonies that were subcontracted out by the government for private parties to profit while the government gets their cut back home ? 
  but no one joins immediately . 
  it is a process . 
  foreign investment dollars entering ukraine could lead to lots of positives . 
  i agree with you in so far that there could be negatives , but i do n't think anything positive or negative is guaranteed in ukraine . 
  look at how poland improved . 
  i view it as very possible . 
  life has improved for countries in former `` east '' countries after associating with eu . 
  people from poland bitching about poor countries being admitted to eu . 
  nothing increases strife more than increased living standards . 
  i am not suggesting countries would like ukraine doing it . 
  i am simply saying it could be possible . 
  i think it would hurt ukraine though . 
  they would become a pariah and then they would have no help against russia . 
  their only real option is nato 's umbrella . 
  if departments do n't spend all their cash they are n't justifying their existence and ca n't get as much or more next year . 
  the amount of waste is unreal . 
  there was hardware shipped overseas that was never used and wo n't come back . 
  i do n't doubt there are nato countries that are given usa equipment that was never even used . 
  i could definitely imagine pointless reports being generated to justify their existence . 
  you never know though until much later because of info being classified . 
  i do n't doubt there are plans for invading canada on top of that . 
  there is so much pointless bullshit in our military . 
  i love that people get paid to draw up plans on shit that would never happen . 
  ca n't wait until navarre and catalonia break free from the crown . 
  explain pakistan and india . 
  to be fair , finland had decades to join nato and their people do n't want it . 
  you ca n't say the same for a country that was invaded for wanting to associate with eu and stop being a failed vassal state of russia . 
  very cool . 
  even colonies were owned by corporations . 
  you are literally criticizing someone from an immigrant family that assimilated to usa . 
  english is n't my first language . 
  russians should do the same . 
  there were very few natives controlling all of north america . 
  they also were n't peace loving angels themselves either . 
  they were out there killing each other until higher tech people came and were stronger . 
  most of them also died off from disease . 
  i mean what , you think a relative handful of people are going to hold onto all of north america for the rest of time ? 
  great job acting like america does n't have multiple culture . 
  you are a genuine idiot . 
  i grew up in an area where there are signs in languages from all over the world . 
  usa is the most multicultural country to ever exist . 
  where are you getting that from ? 
  all i did was point out how irrelevant 1840s are for a comparison to what russia is doing today on their borders . 
  i also made a point to say that anyone can be american versus his racist identity politics . 
  your post is so depressing .
