  they are the richest country in eu . 
  they can surely afford to help . 
  being a leader does n't just mean bossing everyone around to your benefit . 
  well , move to ukraine . 
  that country has russia right up its ass . 
  it does n't get any closer than that . 
  yes , because if anything , putin is nothing but diplomatic . 
  he is a hammer and all he sees is nails . 
  no , you do n't know how it works . 
  do n't you listen to russia ? 
  nato is an expansionist empire , conquering all of europe . 
  i make cracks about germany having the fourth reich because of how they run the eu , but who the hell actually thinks germany is invading countries ? 
  i would n't brag about a country full of russians with only 35 % . 
  although these days , the country is a bit fuller with russians than normal . 
  do n't feel bad . 
  there are americans today that are glad we went after saddam for 9-11 . 
  nothing new . 
  you get used to the hate . 
  india has a serious military now . 
  you would hope so considering they are surrounded by rivals and have a huge population . 
  well in that case , thank you for the context . 
  any chance of an interview with subtitles ? 
  i always prefer the source but if it only exists in german i only can depend on the article . 
  why even bring up eurasian union ? 
  ukraine was punished and invaded and had land seized just because they tried to not be a vassal of russia . 
  russia had huge trade with eu and yet if neighbors even make the mistake of looking west , russia invades for `` peacekeeping '' and `` protection '' . 
  i do n't like the fact that she told eastern europe to pound sand for wanting the same security that germans have on a daily basis even though they are under more threat than anyone in europe . 
  this is n't because of one speech . 
  and no , i do n't consider germans to be nazis . 
  good thread idea . 
  i am interested in reading replies . 
  my german is beyond shit . 
  i can only go by article . 
  i have given my reasoning . 
  her statements do n't exist in a vacuum and without context . 
  it is just straight pandering and selling out ukraine . 
  if she is just reaffirming the freedom of choice that ukraine has after they already choose eu and were invaded for it , why are ukrainians offended by her `` solidarity '' with them and their freedom . 
  fuck the ukrainians would have been a faster and more concise comment . 
  i thought they were called ukrops ? 
  that is what the russians have taught me . 
  yeah i am aware if you lead germany you would be a worthless ally . 
  i have already gone back and forth with you . 
  no need to rehash that will fuck over anyone . 
  i conquer everything i survey . 
  that and i am interested in europe considering my family is immigrants . 
  why do n't you comment about ideas instead of flair especially since you hide your own . 
  ha yeah because they do n't matter . 
  it has nothing to do with germans being nazi . 
  just merkel being a shady backstabbing fuck like hitler and stalin and putin . 
  no one is claiming anything with genocide . 
  and how would anyone know ? 
  when the government is brutal , things being open are n't an option . 
  yeah take the context of telling ukraine to not dare win the war because it is too embarrassing and russia is blatantly invading as well supplying rebels in the open even . 
  do n't bother . 
  he had openly stated poland is an inferior country that does n't matter to eu . 
  i can only imagine the opinion on romanians . 
  germany wins some ukraine loses everything . 
  germany wins some rest of eu loses some . 
  yep . 
  give and take from berlin . 
  remember ukraine , do n't win or defend yourself . 
  putin must not be embarrassed or merkel will never hear the end of it as they lay in bed together . 
  same could be said for gdr . 
  where the fuck you been ? 
  yes america has done so much harm to germany like ... and germany is leading the way in stopping violence in africa by helping countries like france . 
  and germany does n't spy on usa ... and germany is n't fucking over southern europe with fiscal policy at all . 
  shit , i am really bad at this . 
  german leadership in action . 
  selling out everyone at every opportunity . 
  remember , eu , keep that austerity going . 
  economic problems are totally ukraine 's fault . 
  we need to end sanctions asap and gift russia an entire country against their will for german gdp . 
  she is stating the fucking obvious and it does not need to be said . 
  ukraine chose eu and was invaded for it and merkel just keeps being russia 's bitch . 
  at this point i would n't be surprised if finland starts mocking her neutrality for `` peace '' . 
  only thing she cares about is preferential treatment from gazprom . 
  fourth reich . 
  only berlin matters . 
  for the empire !, 
  which parts of poland does germany get with this deal ? 
  it makes me feel better that these people exist on both sides of the atlantic . 
  shh , german exports will solve all of eu 's problems . 
  then the rest of eu can be looked down on for freeloading while having zero control of their own fiscal policy . 
  that sounds quite nice actually . 
  you are n't trying . 
  or both . 
  this implies that russians are given a choice with their government . 
  i do n't know . 
  i consider headbutting aggressive so it fits right in , no ? 
  ca n't argue . 
  would become a citizen and kill aliens after hearing anthem . 
  germany does n't even help their european allies in africa . 
  this is n't about usa proxy wars . 
  germany acts like a bitch with their military and are the first to line up and throw other countries under the bus . 
  usa does n't tell any country to match usa spending . 
  2 % is modest and the number scales with the size of your country . 
  usa dwarfs everyone else combined . 
  how is anything i am saying incorrect ? 
  i hope you are right . 
  i wonder how many hole in ones putin has gotten in a game .
