holy shit . 
  you could probably visit usa and canada and see it is pretty diverse as well . 
  in fact all the anglo countries are diverse in regards to ethnicity . 
  if all the countries in the world recognized them they would n't have a seat ? 
  same ? 
  you sure ? 
  what self respecting anglo speaks french ? 
  holy shit . 
  i had no idea . 
  thanks for link . 
  actually yes they would . 
  prove it . 
  what the hell does anti semitism have to do with zionist bullshit and making non stop settlements ? 
  nothing . 
  maybe because their heritage glamorizes being criminals . 
  i probably would n't brag about my family being traveling thieves and scam artists either if that was the case for me . 
  they can keep them then . 
  i do n't approve of the chants . 
  the flag adopts invasions as justified . 
  i only commented that of course things exist everywhere and you tried to demonize serbs as though it is just them . 
  that is the most bizarre part . 
  they throw a parade and then leave on bad terms . 
  i could have sworn there was talk about building a pipeline too . 
  countries need to pay bills . 
  sounds stupid . 
  while that is unfortunate , serbia still owes money and needs to pay or get nothing . 
  i guess you are excluding the albanian air force flyovers during football matches in foreign countries ? 
  perfect . 
  what is this about russia owning oil assets in serbia and why is that relevant to gas sales ? 
  you are right . 
  i should have been more clear that i had issue with the reasoning and not him . 
  you do n't know tolls exist ? 
  the picture of the dancing at the party was hysterical . 
  might as well just shove your whole hand up there while you are at it . 
  usa sort of has a tiny empire . 
  they have some territories that are n't states . 
  there is only two types of land : russian and temporarily non-russian land . 
  that is n't how diplomatic recognition works . 
  uh , are you seriously comparing sex between adults to sex with children ? 
  maybe only one of these things should be a crime ? 
  so you are allowed to be gay , just never allowed to have sex . 
  seems fair . 
  that was n't my logic at all . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  it was n't america committing genocide . 
  you have any idea the war crimes being committed by the japanese ? 
  they needed to be stopped immediately and there would have been way more people getting killed with an invasion of the mainland . 
  the country of japan to this day does plenty to deny the atrocities of wwii . 
  but , yes , evil americans . 
  they were clearly evil for being involved in wars like wwii and korea defending people from invasions . 
  how about you judge wars on an individual basis and get over yourself with your bullshit america bashing while defending the people that brought you sex slaves and the rape of nanking and committing human experimentation on captured people . 
  they were fucking barbarians . 
  what a beautiful group of people . 
  i am glad russia supports them against the fascists . 
  are you seriously using this as a way to knock democracy ? 
  what happens when you are still gay when you leave prison ? 
  repeat gay offender ? 
  seriously , who defends someone having sex with a 13 year old ? 
  i still do n't understand how he was allowed to be free in the first place . 
  no not this time . 
  it is definitely one of their favorite moves though . 
  i honestly mostly commented because of the japanese cities being mentioned . 
  i know it is n't fair , but no one gives a shit about germans after they tried to take over all of europe and africa while committing genocide on millions of innocent people . 
  that is already on top of regular civilian war casualties and the deaths of many soldiers by their hands . 
  when did the third world comment happen ? 
  yeah except it is run by zionist politicians . 
  i am waiting for lavrov to tell him to show restraint . 
  jidf literally is a real thing though . 
  yes you can . 
  it was total war on both sides . 
  those civilians contributed to war effort . 
  if they stopped their governments ' respective empire building efforts they would have lived . 
  also in japan there were no civilians . 
  they intended to defend to the last person . 
  except they have better weapons so they ca n't be terrorists . 
  usa did n't take a country from isis . 
  i wish . 
  instead usa funds their damn military while israel is richer than the eu . 
  usa does n't control israel . 
  usa tells them to stop building settlements . 
  israel does n't care . 
  ohh . 
  i did n't catch that originally . 
  people that crap on the f-35 act like military projects do n't typically go over budget . 
  the plane will be active for decades . 
  research and development is n't cheap . 
  i am glad there will be more standardization in nato though . 
  but yes 100 % plenty of waste in usa military and government in general . 
  come on . 
  you really think usa is n't maintaining their military ? 
  usa is critical of israel and bibi is throwing fits . 
  you keep saying israel is supported by usa as if it is against the will of israel . 
  they spend a fortune lobbying politicians in usa along with zionists in usa . 
  if you do n't support bibi then why give me shit for criticizing that asshole ? 
  bibi account found . 
  want to do an ama ? 
  when do you finally hope to own all of your rightful land and drive palestinians into the sea for good ? 
  how many hospital floors can the latest and greatest israeli bombs penetrate prior to exploding ? 
  are israeli reserves of white phosphorous munitions still at safe levels ? 
  believe me , i agree 100 % .
