  it is a system to give more voice to less populated areas . 
  well lots of things can be considered undemocratic . 
  it is all about compromise . 
  rich people could say them paying more taxes for the same government is undemocratic . 
  rural voters could complain they would be completely ignored in national contests due to logistics would be undemocratic . 
  the compromise that usa has was what allowed the union to form in the first place instead of being a useless confederation with no power . 
  it is that kind of work around that helps prevent the issues that scotland has with the uk . 
  in the usa system their minority voice would have a better chance to be heard . 
  clearly this does n't mean it is a perfect system , but it is an alternative that has functioned for hundreds of years without too much of a hiccup besides the war . 
  there was only one tight race in 2000 and it did n't lead to a war when one side did n't win . 
  i would say the country is democratic . 
  it is far from perfect though . 
  it is my understanding that the eu parliament is n't directly proportional in seats . 
  that could be said to be undemocratic as well . 
  i understand why it would be done that way though . 
  sure thing . 
  america has two houses of legislature . 
  one is by population and the other is evenly split by state . 
  that is used as a basis to give weight to each state for national elections . 
  also the capital is given the weight of a small state for presidential elections . 
  this leads to 538 votes . 
  435 , 100 , and 3 . 
  rural voters get more weight by virtue of their dispassionate power in the senate where they get two members regardless of their population . 
  they can have under a million people in the whole state and have the same voice as california . 
  this makes sure that presidents do n't just campaign in major metro areas . 
  blocs of rural voters can win elections for conservative presidents since they tend to share the same concerns just like coastal metro areas tend to share similar issues . 
  there is a movement at the state level to abolish this but obviously rural states try to keep it this way forever . 
  oh so i see russia is becoming increasingly jealous of somalia . 
  they do n't want to just imitate their economy in the near future but also their pirating practices . 
  it is built in to keep rural voters relevant . 
  it only comes to play in very tight elections . 
  it seems to be the case in regards to non micro states in the eu . 
  they have their fair share of companies located there with very questionable accounting . 
  beyond an english speaking country also helps as well . 
  implying the constitution was n't just slapped together after a war and ignores the fact that millions of people protesting are completely ignored . 
  why ? 
  it is a trade offoff so that rural voters are n't ignored . 
  it only applies for president . 
  no one cares tax havens if they are no longer tax havens relatively . 
  who said i only thought catalonia should be heard ? 
  i just did n't want to list all the agencies . 
  i thought it was a genuine good idea to protect your data while out in the world so long as you own the storage . 
  i did n't mean to come off defensive . 
  i do n't think it would mean civil war . 
  spain lost practically half the planet . 
  why should cuba be special ? 
  there is definitely regional differences when it comes to the war in the usa . 
  i find those people that defend it as despicable . 
  you lost me on the cuba reference . 
  what does that have to do with spanish nationalism ? 
  i heard cheering for spain during the cup was even frowned upon in the regions that want to break away . 
  i 'm just glad portugal got out while they could . 
  civil wars are a real mess . 
  it comes across like a country that does n't want to hold together . 
  it is n't unique to spain though . 
  usa still feels divisions from their war and it happened almost 200 years ago . 
  everything i 've read makes it sound like a failure of a government . 
  i honestly have no idea how anything gets accomplished . 
  there does n't seem to be any kind of fairness across the board and it seems like big chunks of the country do n't even want to belong in the first place . 
  then you have so much going on with these autonomous regions . 
  it just sounds like a disaster . 
  then you have a central government that ends up neutered in so many ways . 
  sounds like a recipe for a useless mess filled with waste . 
  the bad part is i honestly have no clue how to improve on it that would n't lead to massive riots . 
  i do n't envy the situation . 
  my family is from portugal so i only hear about the news primarily from the outside and my own curiosity . 
  ok , then i am wrong about the exact definition . 
  the point i am trying to make is that it is n't a direct democracy . 
  the system exists that purposely gives more power to some voters over others . 
  it is an election that comes down to delegates . 
  it was n't just because of overcoming difficulties about direct democracy . 
  it was also a compromise over different political factions . 
  it is somewhat similar to the issues that pop up in scotland . 
  in the usa rural voters from low population states have more say to the detriment of cities . 
  places like nyc have a lot less pull on a per capita basis in dc . 
  i 'm not saying i support the current dynamic . 
  in fact i 'm very much against it . 
  i 'm just explaining that the reason it exists is n't because of logistics . 
  it is because of political compromise . 
  almost half of the population of scotland that voted wanted to break free . 
  i view that as very significant . 
  can we finish with the pedantry now ? 
  no it is n't just that . 
  it is the fact that the president is n't elected directly by the people . 
  this is the exact reason that president is n't elected by majority vote . 
  the reality is it comes down to an election between 538 delegates voting for president . 
  please do n't take my comments as saying catalonia is without criticism . 
  i 'm simply saying that would n't there be a lot less tension if voices were allowed to be heard ? 
  then it could be put aside and people would be allowed to move on at least knowing they were listened to . 
  as it stands now it seems like a screwed up system where basques get preferential treatment and from what i 've read it is due to them backing the right side of the war while catalonia lost . 
  i 'm going by the percentages of the voting . 
  that makes it near half . 
  when a politician wins over half the votes , the media does n't say they won with less than half the vote by counting people that do n't vote . 
  are you saying you speak for the people that did n't vote ? 
  this is like saying the no vote did n't win the vote of the majority of scotland which is complete nonsense . 
  i might be biased in thinking ireland does n't count because of the nature of ireland 's relationship to the uk . 
  ireland was essentially a colony of the uk . 
  if the violence involved scotland or wales i would view it differently . 
  i think ireland 's actions to be the same as india trying to break free as an example . 
  that is why i think spain has had a more violent relationship between the government and their people including all out civil wars and brutal dictatorships .
