  all the trucks should have been completely filled or not sent . 
  you ate proving my point with fake photo claims . 
  no matter what everything is lies and fake . 
  never mind the blatant lies from putin that he admits to after the fact . 
  never mind dead journalists and state censorship . 
  truly the western media is a world wide conspiracy of lies . 
  if a journalist lies in the west they lose their reputation . 
  it is n't a job requirement like it is in rt. 
  you are referencing something from ten years ago . 
  russia makes fascist claims today . 
  also estonia teamed up with germany because of soviet invasion . 
  soviets committed genocide just like germans did . 
  how do you want eastern europe to treat soviet invaders ? 
  with open arms as you slaughter their people and erase their culture ? 
  haha . 
  should have let colonists kill more natives to keep them happy . 
  british relations with natives were a reason for a follow up war too . 
  what i mean is like the baltic countries for instance . 
  they ally with usa and it pisses of russia but russia ca n't do anything about it because usa will protect them . 
  if usa gives the impression that they actually wo n't protect a country then lots of countries become fucked . 
  it also will increase war . 
  usa threatening everyone keeps them from attacking other countries . 
  like saudi arabia keeps calm instead of militarizing to attack iran because usa promises to protect them . 
  japan does not go into empire mode because japan is protected as if they are usa itself . 
  attacking some uninhabited japanese island would be viewed like bombing washington dc . 
  america needs to keep lots of friends and those countries need to fell safe at all times otherwise maybe they start making nukes themselves if usa starts acting like they do n't care about the world . 
  and those videos are amazing . 
  why would you complain that i have nice things to say about poland ? 
  the internet also was n't as big prior to the iraq war and 9-11 . 
  who the hell would make fun of poland ? 
  they are tough as hell and the rest of europe disgraced them . 
  please do n't count opinions from the south . 
  should have treated us better then . 
  and when pictures are provided , they are fake . 
  it is always the same story with russian apologists . 
  russia has been shooting artillery into ukraine with visual proof and you have putin bootlickers constantly coming up with excuses for why putin is causing war in ukraine . 
  the journalists saw it with their own eyes . 
  are you calling them liars ? 
  of course you are . 
  everyone lies except for putin . 
  i would be scared myself considering how often russians kill journalists . 
  prove estonia celebrate ss heroes . 
  i am going to disagree about the tourist thing . 
  there are stories all over the world about chinese being disgusting entitled animals . 
  there are signs in france that are only written in chinese ordering them to behave for example . 
  mainland chinese people have no idea how to interact with the civilized world . 
  even the government itself admits to it . 
  in regards to how the future government turns out . 
  i just do n't see how the government survives without giving up control . 
  people are n't going to be content being handcuffed forever . 
  it has n't happened anywhere else in the world . 
  everyone always ends up wanting more freedom , not less . 
  cough estonia cough . 
  the guardian article said they saw military crosses the border themselves . 
  as if the uk needs help to beat up some pathetic argentina military . 
  they are n't a threat . 
  i never said i wanted war with china in the first place . 
  china gets along with usa much better than russia and usa . 
  i do n't want to comment on how i feel about chinese tourists , because i have no idea how to phrase my disgust without coming across as incredibly racist . 
  chinese immigrants though are all pretty cool people that i 've come across . 
  that is a biased group though since they are choosing to emigrate to a western country . 
  also , the people are `` content '' with chinese government only because life is improving . 
  the government has to keep providing that or shit will hit the fan . 
  that is one tall order for them . 
  good luck trying to take away freedoms from places like hong kong after they already have a taste of western life . 
  you really went all out on that one . 
  i never really said i was disagreeing with the stuff you were saying about usa . 
  i just think all of it is better than russia objectively . 
  i think the government in the west is pretty shitty , but it is the least shitty is the best way i could summarize it . 
  however , i do n't blame oligarchs completely . 
  i put that completely on the people . 
  none of those oligarchs would have power if it were n't for the fact that people are apathetic to it and do n't really exercise their power of voting as much as they could . 
  just like with russia , they have been glorifying guys like putin for hundreds of years . 
  even now they just eat up all his bullshit and he just becomes even more popular while russia becomes a bigger pariah . 
  they just thrive on being a bully with a victim complex instead of putting effort into reforming the country to compete on the world stage . 
  they are decades behind the west and it is n't even close . 
  they cease to function as a modern state if not for the eu . 
  although the eu has hurt themselves as well by making themselves weak politically by depending on russia for gas as much as they do . 
  their reactions to ukraine is evidence of this . 
  i happen to disagree on your msnbc comment though . 
  i think they are way more reasonable than fox news . 
  fox is just ridiculous . 
  although , i do n't really watch either of them because there is just too much pandering . 
  i prefer to avoid that kind of stuff in general even if it is something i agree with . 
  ah ok , i guess that is just a terminology thing . 
  i however thought there was asset freezing/seizing involved as well . 
  thanks for correction . 
  it all seems pretty pointless to me though in reality . 
  russia can do whatever they want and get the desired effect and countries like poland ca n't do a damn thing about it for a year after some long arbitration case on something that is absurd to any casual observer . 
  i know usa is n't . 
  i was referring to the countries the usa was allied with . 
  rand paul has no shot of winning . 
  gop is in shambles but still wins seats due to gerrymandering being completely political . 
  politics is a joke in usa . 
  usa has always been friendly with uk except when uk was actively fucking them over after independence . 
  uk was trying to support csa during civil war and the obvious issues during napolean times . 
  other than that usa has always been an ally . 
  during both world wars uk was having supplies given to it prior to usa coming to their side officially . 
  plus there is the whole nato and lone super power thing . 
  you ca n't be isolationist and a super power .
