  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/sep/12/oslo-israel-reneged-colonial-palestine this summarizes my thoughts . 
  i work in america for an american subsidiary of a german company based out of bavaria . 
  except the german company uses an american subsidiary based in the usa even though the company is obviously german . 
  regardless , company is irrelevant versus the country since countries write the laws . 
  oslo accords had more than one clause . 
  i guess you only see what parts you like ? 
  everyone that works inside of usa pays taxes . 
  there is nothing fishy about it . 
  it was bullshit appeasement of brazilian garbage portuguese . 
  i pay zero taxes to germany , but i work for a company based there . 
  my taxes all go to usa through federal state and local taxes . 
  trying to catch up ? 
  mine came in the 1970s and i imagine it was much simpler then versus now . 
  yes and crimea being annexed was legal too under russian law . 
  you ca n't defend bullshit with legalese . 
  we are n't idiots . 
  except that israel has zero issue building illegal settlements . 
  so much for rule of law . 
  how ? 
  not how wages work . 
  i work for a german company but i do n't spend my money in bavaria . 
  i am fortunate to have parents that managed to do it then . 
  i grew up surrounded by fellow immigrants but we came from western nato country , so i am sure that helped . 
  yeah which means you end up making even thousands more than your nominal salary which is great . 
  i see what you are saying , but it is n't like there is any country in the west invading and annexing countries in europe . 
  the criticism russia receives is well deserved . 
  well someone had to screw things up on that end back in 1812 . 
  except it is taken from your pay . 
  you should consider that part of your total compensation . 
  it is n't just how much money is paid to you . 
  russia does not have civil war . 
  i refuse to judge refugees . 
  hell even inside of eu people leave their country because of employment . 
  ever consider the reasons the government is n't liked might have to do with their international actions ? 
  oh , well the typical super nationalist russian like the types found in / r/russia make their posts from places like the usa versus moscow and do n't actually have to deal with any of the aftermath . 
  you are in the minority . 
  regardless of your residence , your comments just now were pure nationalist trash . 
  goes along great with your other typical comments like getting mad at formerly occupied people daring to criticize ussr and the like . 
  wars have been fought over less . 
  who gives a fuck though if the region loses the only thing it has going for it if you do n't live there ? 
  you are kind of splitting hairs . 
  you really are amazing . 
  even better when it comes from an expat that does n't actually deal with any of it . 
  so this is how conservative racists become blind to how pathetic the situation is . 
  facts become completely optional . 
  i guess japan is joining eu ? 
  yeah lots of ukrainian people as well . 
  they have their own church a minute from my job . 
  i honestly am not sure on difficulty of moving now but i would highly encourage it for any russian . 
  this is fucking gold to read . 
  damn shame it ends here . 
  i mean , where i live has a big russian community . 
  is it really that difficult to come here ? 
  my parents immigrated here as well but not from russia . 
  seriously , who would be proud of doing better than a country from centuries ago ? 
  china is a shit show environmentally speaking and they benefit from all the western progress in technology that was not available when railroad tracks and the cotton gin was considered cutting edge . 
  that is their problem for taking the money . 
  how can you blame only one party in a two party treaty ? 
  why did he keep those lands after hitler was gone ? 
  poland was not aggressor in the war . 
  holy shit . 
  you need to come to america . 
  you can make what you make in a month there by lunch over here . 
  would n't have done it ? 
  he grabbed those lands and kept them even after the war long after germany was defeated . 
  no one is forced into annexing land . 
  what makes hitler so fucking special that the people he killed count more . 
  go ahead and say what you think instead of beating around the bush . 
  i see , i guess you need to be edgy now to criticize dictators that kill tens of millions of people . 
  you belong in / r/fullcommunism they love downplaying genocide with sweet memes . 
  stalin literally slaughtered people based on identity . 
  he absolutely used genocide and ethnic cleansing to pacify his empire . 
  he did it for much longer and to far more people . 
  he is responsible for millions and millions of death . 
  you are just as bad as a holocaust denier . 
  you ca n't sort of be genocide . 
  did they or did they not commit genocide ? 
  there is no `` to an extent '' here . 
  what is next , can someone be pregnant to an extent ? 
  how can you claim hitler instigated wwii and should take full credit for all deaths when stalin had every intention and literally put it in writing with treaties of taking over vast swaths of europe . 
  i mean , he literally did take over half of europe . 
  trying to downplay his imperialistic ambitions is fucking crazy . 
  you ca n't try to pin all of wwii on one person when two psychopaths decide to tag team poland . 
  the only reason stalin was an `` ally '' was because the rest of the world was n't strong enough to take on hitler and stalin at the same time and were more than happy to have them try to kill each other 's respective empires off on their own . 
  there is n't anything to misread . 
  you are literally saying they kind of sort of `` technically '' committed genocide , but not for reals though , because only hitler can be super bad . 
  the mass murder of millions does n't count unless you are named adolf . 
  i seem to recall stalin invading poland to start wwii as well since we are trying to start blaming just one guy here for a literal world spanning war . 
   to an extent gtfo . 
  seriously , who the hell rationalizes the mass murder of millions during peacetime ? 
  oh , yeah for sure , but people would get bored with it unless there was done real drama going on . 
  no one even really cared when scotland nearly became a separate country over here . 
  eh , the people are pretty insular here and do n't give a shit about foreign stuff . 
  even when ukraine is at war it can barely crack the news . 
  plenty of chances to talk shit then . 
  too busy insulting our politicians and following our celebrities . 
  i 've seen stories of it being brought up . 
  i do n't think it is important , but at the very least i find it hypocritical for only one sex to be involved especially if women are being allowed into combat positions . 
  you should n't give any people rights without responsibilities to match . 
  i really do n't see what the big deal is with a name anyway .
