  i am not claiming usa is perfect . 
  that is far from it . 
  i am simply saying that usa is n't going around trying to conquer and annex countries . 
  usa has acted much better after the cold war ended . 
  during the cold war usa was doing some awful shit . 
  you mean the part of europe that keeps making cuts to maintain 3 % and watches their countries shrink in a deflationary spiral ? 
  as spending keeps dropping , more and more people lose jobs and tax revenue just keeps dropping and so it goes . 
  it keeps the euro low and german exports up though and that is all that matters . 
  you ca n't do ethnic cleansing no matter how fucked up putin acts . 
  considering the massive genocides that were perpetrated by moscow in the 20th century it would have been comical for them to propose that . 
  i do n't want to vilify serbia . 
  i understand there was history involved and i do n't think serbia is this evil nation or anything like that . 
  we both know powerful countries get away with shit that should n't happen . 
  this goes for usa as well . 
  china had a massacre of their own citizens with zero regard for human life in 1989 . 
  un did n't do shit to china for it . 
  that was far worse than anything serbia did . 
  iraq was a disaster in planning and the intelligence was incorrect on a huge scale but there was wmds in iraq . 
  there were plenty of people that liked the british at the time . 
  the colonies were n't treated badly and the uk had spent quite a bit of resources protecting the colonies from french allied natives . 
  actually cuba was controlled by usa . 
  it was how usa has a base there . 
  although your main point is right . 
  i just do n't think it is relevant given the time frame . 
  america has the most military power any country has ever had relative to the world from 1991 onward and it was huge since after wwii but they clearly have n't made even one attempt at conquering the world at large . 
  france and england have been rivals for over a millennium and neither of them sit in fear of the other invading across the channel . 
  they both have very capable militaries as well . 
  i do n't want to claim to speak for you , but there are many people in usa that are anti war no matter what the circumstance is and i view it as very hypocritical . 
  it is easy to talk about peace while others pay in blood for it . 
  i get uncomfortable even thinking about it . 
  i really do n't want russians dying for something they have no control over . 
  and this is why you have nato . 
  if they welcome an invasion they will be killed just like the russians that come across the border . 
  well i do n't think any war that involved strategic nukes would have any country coming away looking like they were let off easy . 
  let me know how you get a military that is n't `` evil '' to materialize from thin air seconds prior to a required defense of yourself or allies . 
  was usa wrong to occupy berlin since germany did n't get a chance to strike american land ? 
  how does germany or france look bad ? 
  they were not required to go to iraq . 
  you are moving things around to suit your argument when there is none . 
  america has no issue with any country that did n't participate in iraq . 
  iraq also again had nothing to do with 9-11 . 
  stop trying to frame it in any way as if it was a defensive war or nato oriented or related to 9-11 . 
  iraq is n't a reason to disband nato because it is completely unrelated . 
  and just so you know it was released through wikileaks that there was wmds in iraq . 
  it just was n't anywhere close to the amounts claimed prior to the war . 
  yeah but it is n't like russia has all their nukes stored in one nice room with a marker on top . 
  they have a vast country that blows everyone else away in size . 
  cities are n't the primary target for any country . 
  cities are n't moving anywhere , nukes however need destroyed before moved or already gone airborne . 
  airports are also key to prevent strategic bombers from taking off . 
  those bombers have nukes on cruise missiles which are insanely difficult to detect versus an icbm . 
  you know damn well i was sarcastic . 
  i see . 
  so should germany be attacked i understand you would want all military to leave since defending could hurt someone , right ? 
  and it is n't ridiculous to be criticized by a brit for expanding hundreds of years ago ? 
  the only reason usa even exists is because of uk in the first place . 
  it is just a ridiculous straw man . 
  europeans talking shit about actions from centuries ago is probably not the best argument . 
  i am present in the country for decades and must say at no point was there ever a case made to the american public for going to war with iran . 
  even after they took hostages there was no war suggested . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  no one claimed saddam attacked usa . 
  no one . 
  great straw man . 
  iraq had nothing to do with 9-11 and it was n't a nato operation . 
  any other bullshit reasoning you want to spew ? 
  take your ignorant anti-american drivel somewhere else because all you are saying right now is lies . 
  afghanistan was nato . 
  do n't let facts slow you down though . 
  you should see american cars . 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  there are parts put together using both systems . 
  i absolutely hate it . 
  no one is threatening iran with invasions . 
  usa did horrible things decades ago inside of iran and iran has done plenty of horrible things on their own . 
  i am talking on the here and now . 
  i am sure iran could take steps to stop sanctions but chooses not to . 
  yes all violence is bad and soldiers are murderers . 
  the military is evil . 
  i do n't know exact numbers , but the big thing is surprise and having second strike abilities . 
  if you look at maps in the usa of targets by ussr/russia you would see that most of the nukes are n't even aimed at cities . 
  they are actually aimed towards nukes . 
  both countries would be using the majority of their nukes try hopefully take out the rival 's nuke abilities on top of hitting civilian targets . 
  there have been massive reductions in nukes as well through treaties by russia and usa which is a good thing . 
  before those treaties the numbers that existed could essentially carpet bomb each country and leave them as a flaming crater littered in fallout . 
  i only hope germany gets their shit in order . 
  that is just absurd . 
  funding terrorist groups and trying to procure nuclear weapons was the reasoning . 
  [ thousands versus a few hundred total for europe ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/nine-nations-have-nukes--heres-how-many-each-country-has-2014-6 ) . 
  yes swiss financing german war and taking jewish gold is looked at very fondly by the general public years later . 
  neutrality does n't exist . 
  actually europe does n't really have many nukes . 
  their nuclear program is a shell compared to russia or china . 
  granted it is better to have some than none , but the real deterrence is coming from america . 
  iraq had nothing to do with nato . 
  yes your expression is right . 
  i know i get downvotes for my flag . 
  happens all the time . 
  i have no problem criticizing my country on my own . 
  i take issue with it turning into getting dismissed because how dare am american say opinions here .
