  your xenophobia and inferiority complex is unreal . 
  it is only matched by your pessimism and paranoia . 
  how stupid can you be to refer to poland as a satellite ? 
  obama has not given you permission to speak . 
  silence . 
  it is my understanding that most of that population is russian government employees and family . 
  wait , was that a thing ? 
  what about the malware that uses starcraft instead ? 
  what do you think happened with fappening ? 
  i will defer to a lawyer . 
  any lawyer that is a mets fan would of course defend shills being one himself . 
  yes , they do . 
  the most ridiculous effect in all this are the europeans that are n't russian that jump to putin 's defense because of their hatred of usa . 
  i ca n't think of any other reason other than they would literally support genocidal murderers so long as they pitch themselves as enemies of usa . 
  that comment is strictly aimed at the government . 
  the country could be saved like the rest of europe . 
  and it is all brutal . 
  i 'm sure wages are wonderful when a boss needs to approve anyone leaving . 
  i ca n't even imagine what a shit hole that country is . 
  it figures it is the only european country that maintains exclusive close ties to russia . 
  they actually already had it . 
  it is mentioned in the article . 
  they enacted it years ago . 
  farmer need permission to quit from their bosses . 
  yes , because anti-immigration and separatism is n't a thing in bavaria . 
  post a story . 
  you have tens of countries to choose from . 
  let 's not kid ourselves here . 
  methadone is plenty addicting on its own . 
  i ca n't imagine hating life that much that you start with that off the bat . 
  christ . 
  russia from 100 years ago was more enlightened than this country . 
  you saying greens have n't been a proponent of cutting military ? 
  you could have backed up what you were saying during your first comment . 
  i 'm curious on knowing how much the usa helped with the war , but that will take ages to find out for sure and things lose classified status . 
  well usa was trying to quietly dial down the forces in europe to shift more of their power to asia . 
  russia had to fuck it all up by acting like assholes and throwing a tantrum and demanding to be noticed . 
  this paranoia that russia is being attacked just because nearby countries want to improve their standard of living is just delusions of grandeur . 
  the real problem for usa is china and now usa has a full plate of problems all over the world to deal with thanks to russia and china being aggressive and usa 's own self inflicted issues through incompetence . 
  if uk had lost that war i 'd have a hard time thinking of a more embarrassing situation for a european power . 
  all i could think of is italy with ethiopia or russia with japan . 
  they have nothing on north korea . 
  they trained and created the kims and the kims far surpassed them on cult of personality combined with isolationism/censorship . 
  although russia does still idolize stalin as russia 's biggest hero even today . 
  seriously , putin sounds like he is about to start screaming at the clouds at this point . 
  enemies are everywhere . 
  the entire world conspires to attack russia . 
  he is so obvious with his attempts to draw support by pushing the us versus the world mentality . 
   let 's face it , putin is n't an idiot . 
  he knew that poland is not an independent country , and effectively a colony of us/eu empire . 
  he could have made a similar proposal to a watusi tribal chief . 
  it was probably meant as a joke . 
  his own words . 
  he is a angry crazy person . 
  just let him scream at people on the streets and move on . 
  well , in the case of the sub , it is very easy to play the denial game . 
  russia claims the sub was never there . 
  sweden claims it never found the sub . 
  what would russia do ? 
  get angry that people died during an act of war and invade in retaliation for their previous invasion ? 
  write it off to a training exercise accident . 
  uk and france are pretty capable . 
  who are these people that live on an island and think navies are pointless ? 
  i 've seen their writing that they want to avoid violence by admitting they are too weak to protect themselves and give up completely . 
  being as nice to russia as possible will save them . 
  i ca n't even comprehend that logic of crazy feminists avoiding violence by allying with the most aggressive countries possible . 
  any proof that anyone is lying ? 
  edit : crickets chirping ... oh look . 
  here are stupid radicals spouting off when they should keep their idiotic traps shut . 
  http://www.expressen.se/debatt/julafton-for-patriarkala-forsvarsromantiker/  christmas eve for patriarchal defense romantics building security through disarmament , diplomacy , and conversation . 
  in parallel , we have to make up with it by its masculinity as glorifying violence contributes to death at all levels of society , writes schyman and veronica sword , feminist initiative . 
  recommend tweet suddenly implements the swedish defense , the biggest underwater operation since the cold war . 
  hundreds of soldiers operating in the archipelago and submarine reporting dominates the media . 
  military , defense zealot , nato supporters and the media ( who even gets to go helicopter ! ), 
  steams on with fantasies of the military drama . 
  but investments in submarine hunts , depth charges and wiretapping has no peacekeeping to do - it 's about an outdated paternalistic policies may defense romantics to celebrate christmas eve !, 
  the inflated rearmament debate that has been going in recent months , reaching ever greater heights . 
  the armed forces have located a submarine and suddenly becomes foreign vessels suspected to be a military threat to sweden 's security . 
  but to speak plainly so little has been no threat against sweden . 
  the submarines are in the border is not a threat of war , it belongs to their work . 
  the interesting part in the drama that unfolds now is that when the alleged russia ( no one knows ) approaches with a submarine , so is the response to swedish armed forces have to fix up for war . 
  a greater focus on conflict prevention , as sweden took the initiative for talks with russia on their supposed curiosity , had been national security more strategically . 
  there are calls that create sustainable security , not to interpret other people 's vague indications of overtures that war preparations and contribute to a military upptrissat tone which muscles are measured against each other . 
  fright picture being painted that the armed forces can not protect sweden at a possible military attack is history - . 
  sweden has never been and will never be able to , compete with military superpowers . 
  therefore , the alliance government as well as social democratic-led governments without public discussion introduced closer cooperation with nato , and now decided that sweden will become a `` host '' so that nato can coordinate their work from a new headquarters in sweden . 
  it is quite expected that russia react to sweden to let nato move up towards the russian border . 
  it is a consequence of swedish defense policy . 
  there is an ongoing upptrissningsspiral that sweden can choose to continue with , or choose to break - depending on the kind of future we want to see . 
  our biggest security threat is not russia . 
  defence as well as the un has noted that our greatest security threat is climate change and men 's violence against women who harvest significantly more lives than those that die in military conflicts . 
  as un urges feminist initiative for disarmament and increased efforts at conflict prevention and conflict resolution . 
  building security through disarmament , diplomacy , investment in human welfare and to combat global warming . 
  in parallel , we have to make up with it by its masculinity as glorifying violence contributes to death at all levels of society . 
  an outdated patriarchal defense policy driven by men is not a success story , on the contrary . 
  therefore , it is disappointing to note that we have 13 men and 4 women in the parliamentary defense committee and a man of defence . 
  it is a direct failure of our commitment to comply with the un resolution 1325 on women increasingly take part in decision making at all levels , and does not inspire hope for a major change in the perception of safety . 
  we rejoiced at the news that the state department received two female ministers who clearly signaling a feminist foreign policy development in the coming years . 
  we are now wondering where this forward-thinking attitude gone of the government constituted yourself a feminist ? 
  will it continue to go their patriarchal military road ?
