  it is completely impossible to look at a muslim and a hindu and tell me the difference short of religious items giving it away . 
  there are muslims all over the world . 
  it is the same as looking at someone and saying they are catholic . 
  it is impossible . 
  i was simply speaking on the matter of generalizations . 
  that 's all . 
  he was flat out abducted on estonian soil . 
  stop with the bullshit . 
  you can keep saying it was a fishing boat all you want . 
  you are n't allowed to capture ships . 
  they are literally acting like pirates in international waters . 
  which is ridiculous considering that is a hell of a lot more preferable . 
  have you attempted applying under asylum ? 
  just seems fucked up to not take people from there . 
  there already is a war going on and america says so openly . 
  that sub is nsfw by default . 
  i 'm also not offended by anything . 
  it is not often that it is flipped . 
  where is proof ? 
  but you are arab . 
  you are n't `` muslim '' . 
  muslim has such an insane grouping of people . 
  they are n't just one group . 
  it is a huge religion . 
  must muslims are n't even arab in the first place . 
  jews are an entirely different story in that regard . 
  this logic also works in the american south . 
  what americans do you know that it is n't safe for them ? 
  there are many russians in the usa . 
  if russia 's behavior does n't scream for asylum i do n't know what does . 
  i just said i agree with you . 
  i only mention that it is used because it is the closest example available with spain so it is understandable on why it is used . 
  they ca n't control how another country is governed . 
  edit : did n't realize stating countries ca n't control the laws of other countries was a controversial topic . 
  i think they are different for reasons you have mentioned , but i still think they are the the most obvious example to mention . 
  spain sure does n't seem concerned about olivenca though . 
  you think a commanding officer in the us navy is n't aware of geography of nato allies of all things ? 
  russia could n't be that stupid to interfere with a us escort . 
  what does that buy now ? 
  a soda ? 
  i 'd rather work for zimbabwe at this rate soon . 
  i 'm a glutton for punishment when i see pure bullshit spewed . 
  him alone i am practically on a first name basis on . 
  although / r/worldnews is just too much . 
  i feel like i 'm trapped in a cage of monkeys just throwing shit everywhere when i visit that place . 
  mccain shows up with a couple suitcases and a nation of tens of millions gets brainwashed through cia into hating russia . 
  edit : i 'm sorry if my referring to ukraine as a nation has offended any russians here . 
  there is n't any reason to capture ships in international waters for fishing . 
  period . 
  how does it feel that you are more blind than posters in / r/russia ? 
  they have more reasonable opinions than you do . 
  it is nonstop putin apologies from you . 
  was estonia abduction some misunderstood paperwork too ? 
  spain has to realize the uk will never give it up though especially since the people do n't want to be a part of spain . 
  that still sounds bad . 
  usa will take any russians that want out . 
  the russians that leave for the usa are n't jerking off to the ussr and referring to lithuanians as temporarily confused . 
  petrodollar , fiat , hegemony , iraq , war criminals . 
  am i doing it right ? 
  facts . 
  i think i can speak with facts saying that an agnostic persian from rich parents does n't speak for muslims . 
  i can also say it is a fact that his statement that germany treats immigrants better than any other country while only living inside of germany is based on bullshit . 
  you are blind if you do n't see the obvious issues with his statements . 
  they are glaringly obvious . 
  since when is getting abducted in international waters not a big deal ? 
  explain ? 
  i am pointing out your absurd bias . 
  are you claiming this did n't happen then ? 
  there are differences even inside the actual parties themselves . 
  i am not advocating for the usa system . 
  i hope the electoral college is abandoned sooner than later . 
  there were more people present at the rally than total no voters in scotland . 
  except there is such a thing as an ethnic jew . 
  not so for muslim . 
  yeah . 
  jeez . 
  stop complaining about racism . 
  it is just because you have inferior lives and it is completely your own fault . 
  he is n't even muslim !, 
  he is just a rich agnostic making bullshit assumptions . 
  his ending statement was completely xenophobic . 
  seriously this dude is so full of shit . 
  i would argue in a pure proportional system they would be completely ignored by politicians in power . 
  do n't take my comments as support for the current system in the usa . 
  i was simply explaining the dynamics in play . 
  yes , abductions and hijackings are n't news . 
  i am not supporting anything . 
  i am explaining . 
  it is n't just rallies . 
  politicians would have no reason to care what those people think because they simply would n't have the votes to matter . 
  you could have individual cities that would have more power than groups of states combined . 
  it would be stupid to not appeal to cities instead . 
  they would be ignored because it is cheaper and more efficient to campaign in metro areas versus spanning several states and still not reaching as many people . 
  al gore election proves my point . 
  the minority voice was clearly heard and won the election . 
  the less populated areas of the country won the election . 
  their votes held more weight . 
  i already explained the reasoning . 
  there would be no usa without the system . 
  eu did the same thing with their voting .
