  we are victims , but are strong and fight back is the constant theme . 
  you ca n't refine oil in the back of a truck or deliver it by hand . 
  losing their income is a huge blow for any group . 
  knowing a drone can light you up at any moment you step outdoors is n't great for morale either . 
  there are ground forces and having air support is devastating . 
  exactly who i was talking about . 
  best press officer ever . 
  i am pretty sure it would just default to an internet/phone poll like on american idol and everything would be fine short term . 
  that is wrong . 
  how can they defeat tanks without armor of their own ? 
  they earn millions a day and you think they just have money under mattresses ? 
  they have equipment and they have infrastructure . 
  if it was just a random mob running about with rifles they would n't accomplish anything against proper armies like assad 's . 
  so you think russia is invading airspace to impress russian citizens ? 
  all of europe could sit at home and russia would still get annihilated . 
  it is n't even close . 
  usa is n't georgia . 
  russia does fucked up shit all the time for at least a century , so we should expect it all the time . 
  is that the context you were trying to convey ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  russia is hated all over the world and countries run to the usa for protection . 
  shocking . 
  to this day you have russians that jerk off to images of stalin and russian politicians threatening war to intimidate their neighbors . 
  when was the last time canada was threatened with an invasion if they disagreed with usa ? 
  how is an actual war a setup for propaganda ? 
  finland 's prime minister quoted  come at me , bro . 
  yes because isis fighters would talk openly about getting their ass kicked to the press . 
  if losing your revenue is trivial , i would love to know what effective attacks involve . 
  this is n't usa 's first rodeo . 
  saddam was bragging about winning the war while baghdad was being stormed . 
  yeah i do n't think they would sit on weapons out of wanting to be nice to germans . 
  they occupied portugal . 
  i 'm disgusted even talking about baguettes crossing the pyrenees . 
  it happened . 
  semantics wo n't change anything . 
  portugal and the uk drove them off eventually . 
  that nonsense led them to lose brazil . 
  i sure hope those two are dating . 
  look , i 'm as sympathetic to portugal as it gets , but if your monarchy goes in exile , you lost . 
  if the king of england ran off to india during a french invasion , the french would still be bragging about it 500 years later . 
  that shit is embarrassing . 
  european monarch slumming it with the natives . 
  i do n't think it is spamming if you do , but whatever . 
  your comment came off like a crazy rant . 
  i would bet any amount of money that you frequent quality sites like zero hedge . 
  you ca n't invade a country when that country 's military is fighting next to you on your side . 
  so the monarchy just wanted to go on vacation ? 
  dude , what ? 
  when your monarch has to exile , you lost . 
  this is like a greece vip list in this thread . 
  well your reasoning involves references to gdr from ages ago and talking about how great poorer countries have it . 
  how any of that is relevant to defense spending is beyond me . 
  the uk does just fine while having an actual capable military . 
  greece is poor and they still maintain a proper military as well . 
  that was n't exactly the point of the comment . 
  this is the case in usa as well . 
  a european army that fights to the last brit and frenchman . 
  what did that poor straw man ever do to you ? 
  all you just did was point out the clear and obvious benefits of having nato protecting your country . 
  the attitude of mooching and saying , `` we wo n't get punished for it , so why not , '' is n't exactly endearing . 
  because it is a progressive alliance . 
  just fucking imagine if the usa told estonia they have to match usa defense spending to have an alliance . 
  gdp is used to have a semblance of fairness on what members are expected to contribute . 
  shocking . 
   in united states there are territories from one state in the middle of others . 
  what ? 
  keep ever vigilant . 
  ha thanks for that reply . 
  i am referencing his complaints about how bad germany has it compared to countries that are objectively poorer than them . 
  you did n't accidentally run into an alternate username for bill gates . 
  well , do you feel comfortable telling people in estonia they have no security threats ? 
  you realize europe exists outside of germany which is bordered by nato and eu countries ? 
  iraq is n't plural . 
  wars . 
  also the uk was just as gung ho about the war . 
  i thought the war was justified and still do , but thought going forward with it and how it was managed was a disaster . 
  i am sorry if people are calling germans nazis , but i do n't think i have ever heard anyone refer to germany as a threat my entire life after gdr fell . 
  that insult unless it is just in jest is uncalled for . 
  usa does many things to their own detriment to maintain influence with allies all over the world . 
  you are n't saying anything unique by pointing out that countries have interests . 
  and yet none of that excuses not fulfilling obligations . 
  try not paying taxes and telling the government that you donate to charity so it is ok . see how they respond . 
  i am not the one crying at the state of my economy and being jealous of neighbors that are poorer than me . 
  well that is a pretty fair point . 
  japanese were treated awful in the usa . 
  i agree with you when you put it that way . 
  what the hell makes you think americans are fans of that and germans are morally superior ? 
  yes . 
  the arctic is going to be a big battleground . 
  canada is super aggressive against russia . 
  just look at their diplomacy during the russian war against ukraine . 
  yes , attack the flair . 
  how unusual . 
  i do n't come here to tell you how to think . 
  i come here to get info on europe and to see the opinions of europeans . 
  thank you for speaking for me though . 
  which wars were fought unilaterally ? 
  no they would not rise . 
  revenue would just decrease and less research would happen along with less profits . 
  are you retarded ?
