  i imagine around munich would be one of those . 
  yeah , that is how the usa was originally and it was a shit form of government . 
  the usa would have never amounted to anything if it stayed as a confederation . 
  well in the usa the transfer of money is also heavily skewed and has been for centuries almost at this point . 
  your points about the obstacles that exist are pretty much dead on . 
  the forming of the usa was obviously very messy and there exists plenty of tension between regions as well . 
  this has a big affect on politics with the federal government and leads to lots of stalemates . 
  what makes you think you are on your own if you screw up ? 
  once again , there is all kinds of social programs that exist for the poor/unemployed/disabled in the usa . 
  none of that is `` propaganda '' as you put it . 
  yes , it is very similar to the hre . 
  that government was not very effective either . 
  the german empire was a much stronger and more effective government versus the hre/german confederation . 
  yes , that is true , but washington does both . 
  that is my point . 
  currently each country is pretty much on its own even though they have no control over their currency . 
  that is n't the case with the usa and that is what keeps all the states closer together and not letting any of them lag too far behind . 
  well , i do n't mean it in terms of size . 
  size also is n't important versus population and economy . 
  comparing siberia to the uk would be an extreme example . 
  obviously comparisons between usa and germany are very apt since they have similar forms of government , but the eu acts as a pseudo state considering they have a supranational parliament and laws/regulations that go along with it . 
  this hybrid concoction that exists currently has lots of benefits but also many negatives that go with it . 
  i think it would benefit from being stronger . 
  no , but the state of ny gives a lot of federal tax money to the government and does n't get anywhere close to it back . 
  that money gets funneled to poorer states . 
  it is n't like a governor is cutting a check to alabama for it to cash . 
  and yes it is a fatal flaw to have central monetary policy without fiscal transfers . 
  only rich countries benefit from that . 
  that is literally what is done every year . 
  the fiscal transfers inside of eu are miniscule compared to the levels done in the usa . 
  the federal government sends a lot of money to states . 
  the government is highly centralized . 
  europe only exists on a map . 
  the eu regularly has each other getting opt outs and fucking each other over at every oppurtunity . 
  it makes the politics of the usa seem a lot more functional in comparison . 
  i am fully aware of those welfare states and the irony of how much the people there clamor for `` small '' government because they pay too much taxes to support the takers is pretty rich . 
  lol , no . 
  just shows how weak the rest of eu is . 
  germany gets a cheap mark and everyone else suffers while frau merkel tut tuts at how irresponsible they are . 
  this is why the eu will never be as influential or powerful as the usa . 
  you ca n't outsource everything and i have no idea why that would be a good thing in the first place . 
  is the entire western world supposed to work in it ? 
  what makes you think people that live in poverty do not receive aid ? 
  you continue to spit out things you know nothing about . 
  this nonsense about every single person gets crippled with debt if they want to go to school is also laughable . 
  you are getting all your info from sensationalistic sources . 
  nothing you said disputes my points . 
  also , average americans make way more money than the french and get to keep more of it too . 
  that is naive to say the least . 
  you realize there are lots of physical labor jobs that wear people down so that they ca n't really be productive at 75 years old ? 
  i will try it sometime if i ever come across it . 
  there are smaller brands around here that are local and popular that drown out competition though like dogfish . 
  ha , i did n't think anyone would get that reference on this site . 
  i never heard of it until now . 
  at least the lakes and rivers do n't ignite anymore . 
  who said intentional ? 
  where ? 
  you do realize not everyone is a down on their luck potential doctor or lawyer right ? 
  some people are just not smart and have no potential to accomplish anything other than being proverbial ditch diggers . 
  should people live a life of luxury because they work a cash register ? 
  there is plenty of assistance to help the poor . 
  if you want communism so everyone can be equally poor , feel free to use your passport and move to one of those failed states . 
  literally what more do you want when anyone can get all kinds of government assistance so that they have a roof over their head and food and school for children and free healthcare ? 
  you talk like life in america is a fucking dickens novel and you do n't know shit . 
  you do n't live here and i literally lived it . 
  you talk to me like i am a rockefeller or something . 
  point me towards this nirvana where you live that makes america some third world cesspool filled with slavery . 
  go ahead and open our eyes . 
  can you find that argument i made that said i hate education or paying for it ? 
  i am forgetful and seem to have misplaced it somewhere . 
  you realize homeless are a completely different issue . 
  seriously where do you live that has zero homeless . 
  the homeless prefer to live on streets because they turn down shelters so they can have no rules . 
  everything i said prior is true and i have first hand experience of government subsidizing housing for people to rent while paying almost nothing . 
  that does n't even include government owned housing that is completely free . 
  gee , i wonder why that population dropped so much immediately when war ended . 
  give me a break . 
  poor do n't live on their own . 
  they get free housing healthcare education food and lump sums of cash on top of their own money . 
  i know this from seeing it with my own eyes . 
  poverty is always relative . 
  being poor in a rich country is better than the middle class in most other countries . 
  and once again , i am supposed to do what exactly to solve worldwide poverty ? 
  there will always be poor . 
  what does racism have to do with it ? 
  i do n't think americans should be talking about what should be put in water . 
  suffering compared to who ? 
  who are we even talking about in the first place ? 
  even the poor in the west live better than most people around the world . 
  the fact that people move here with nothing to their name speaks for that fact . 
  his amount of caring versus mine is accomplishing the same thing . 
  this conversation is n't locked between two people . 
  it is a forum . 
  i do n't see what crimes i am sweeping under the rug . 
  that is n't free . 
  someone always pays . 
  just because you do n't pay does n't mean someone is n't paying for it in your country and every country . 
  just a peaceful fascist here that wants peace and conquest . 
  why should i care about the billions of people i live better than ? 
  i am not doing anything illegal .
