  i do n't blame ethnic russians of doing it . 
  i blame them of being proud of it happening and acting as if they are superior and the liberators and looking down on the local population with disgust and refusing integration . 
  we are just arguing semantics at this point . 
  i never claimed life was grand for russians and shit for everyone else . 
  i just meant it was worse for minorities . 
  i edited . 
  bad connection . 
   the conquest of siberia also resulted in the spread of diseases historian john f. richards wrote : '' ... it is doubtful that the total early modern siberian population exceeded 300,000 persons . 
  ... new diseases weakened and demoralized the indigenous peoples of siberia . 
  the worst of these was smallpox `` because of its swift spread , the high death rates , and the permanent disfigurement of survivors . '', 
  in the 1650s , it moved east of the yenisey , where it carried away up to 80 percent of the tungus and yakut populations . 
  in the 1690s , smallpox epidemics reduced yukagir numbers by an estimated 44 percent . 
  the disease moved rapidly from group to group across siberia . 
  '' [ 6 ] then there are lots of examples of wholesale slaughter of groups where there are barely any survivors . 
  i see no point in quoting entire giant blocks . 
  it is all literally written right there with sources included . 
  you just chose not to read it . 
  also , you making ethnic cleansing such a tiny definition does n't change the crimes committed by russia under ussr on the multiple countries they threatened and occupied . 
  is it really any surprise why almost everything east of iron curtain came running to the west ? 
  russia has no fucking clue how to interact with other countries without threats and invasions . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_conquest_of_siberia also , the net result was ethnic cleansing of baltic countries after soviet occupation . 
  you can claim `` political '' reasons all you want , but the end result was that . 
  how is saying it was political making it any better ? 
  not shit it was political . 
  ethnic cleansing of tatar was political too . 
  literally everything done by a government is political !, 
  what is the reason for the rift ? 
  they are both in eu and nato . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  on what planet do you think political motivations exist in a vacuum ? 
  all of the baltics suffered massive ethnic cleansing with massive deportations to siberia which included fun gulags . 
  they then sent russians in . 
  they wanted a homogeneous soviet russia that would n't criticize the government and had russia as the predominant culture everywhere . 
  you can white wash it all you want . 
  you can also talk about how innocent siberia was as well but almost all of them died from disease just the same as natives here in the usa . 
  almost all of the inhabitants in siberia are ethnic russians now as well . 
  blood and hope . 
  too much time spent in school on that one . 
  i prefer my current gas mileage . 
  great lies . 
  what do you care anyway ? 
  austria just mooches off the rest of europe and nato by barely having a military at all . 
  great job talking on the said for the germans . 
  what i said is still completely true . 
  listen how merkel told eastern europe to go fuck itself on nato while having an entire army from around the world stationed inside of germany . 
  i know how it is cooked . 
  portuguese food still has a ton of salt though . 
  that sounds a lot more reasonable . 
  still does n't sound right . 
  a tank at full price should n't be the cost of an expensive car . 
  yeah i was n't clear . 
  i was agreeing with you . 
  i know serbia gets a lot of aid from eu but it still come across as hypocritical . 
  yeah , great job spelling it out . 
  i am fully aware of some germans having a superiority complex . 
  that is no secret that they think all of europe must cater to their every whim . 
  yeah , russia did it for `` peace '' . 
  the new accounts never stop . 
  the downvotes i normally get the second i post something tell me you might be in the minority . 
  yeah it has been centuries of great successes for their common people . 
  yeah it is almost like a weird coincidence that happy and safe people that are free to pursue things on their own are more productive and make more money for the country as a whole . 
  yeah , serbia a poor country should fuck itself over so germany can keep moving ahead not cutting what would really hurt russia like gas sales or france literally selling russia attack ships . 
  yeah , serbia should lead the way . 
  what a joke to criticize them . 
  too busy enforcing austerity so that eu only benefits germany with their fiscal policy to be bothered with trivial matters like invasions . 
  idiotic response . 
  nuclear is the best option for energy . 
  france is doing a bang up job in that regard . 
  well , you see , there was no twitter then . 
  it basically left sweden powerless on account of that . 
  just a bunch of europeans trying to outdo how morally superior they are with inaction and neutrality for `` peace '' . 
  yeah , because all the places russia has gone to are real wonderful areas now with russian influence . 
  i guess it was just a bunch of weird and kooky coincidences in play . 
  i like the evacuations as well in georgia prior to being provoked into invasion . 
  but no active role and definitely not trying to destroy countries and make them too unstable to join nato and eu . 
  definitely not that . 
  pacifist eh ? 
  tell that to their neighbors in south china sea . 
  i do n't know how everyone in portugal is n't on blood pressure medication . 
  ok , except the police are a bunch of yahoos with no training that think they are fucking rambo with new toys . 
  you 've got idiots that shoot first and ask questions later and literally using armed rifles like they are pointing devices for crowd control . 
  also what is the damn difference if you end up with mine resistant apcs driving down main street because some people start shouting and holding signs ? 
  when the hell did it become cool for usa to emulate 1980s china ? 
  every little bumblefuck town has an `` elite '' swat team so the solution to every single problem is attacking houses . 
  after all these toys got handed out , swat searches have risen exponentially and for absolute stupid bullshit reasons . 
  yeah , i was n't completely sure between that and canada after ussr breakup , so i said the versus one . 
  at least now i know . 
  one of the largest countries on earth but there is never enough land to be grabbed . 
  brand new account . 
  i could see it going places . 
  it is about six months late though . 
  that is the price of a tank ? 
  you ca n't buy a car for that price . 
  that is already the de facto situation as it stands . 
  usa ca n't support it though after spending so much time trying to salvage the state of iraq . 
  maliki did himself no favors with his sectarian bullshit . 
  well you have to do something with the old stuff when you upgrade . 
  i rather croatia gets it than our crazy police . 
  we do n't have wars where we suffer significant losses , so nothing ends up getting destroyed . 
  usa is in deep shit if they have to use hardware they have tried giving away to fight a war .
