  look at russian `` diplomacy '' in action and tell me again how i am wrong in saying that russia only understands power . 
  they take what they think they can get away with . 
  no , vietnam was a flat out defeat . 
  afghanistan would literally need to be wiper off the planet to `` defeat '' taliban . 
  taliban is no longer in power . 
  they literally openly flaunted holding osama in their territory and had training camps operating blatantly inside of their country for terrorist attacks around the world . 
  afghanistan no longer has a government run by taliban . 
  when did i say unconditional ? 
  why should n't russia be heavily sanctioned for invading ukraine ? 
  the ukrainian government was violent towards protesters as well . 
  it did n't start out violent . 
  only the president left . 
  the parliament did n't change and there have been elections since . 
  doing nothing is just rewarding russia in their attempts to have vassal countries and rebuild their soviet reunion . 
  where does any of that fit in with germany trying to keep nato troops out of nato countries while it sits safely with buffer states between itself and russia . 
  russia only understands power . 
  just where do you think isis is located ?!, 
  syria is literally in the name . 
  plenty of people in isis are coming directly from eu and will return as well . 
  you are imagining things if you think the world outside of your borders does n't affect you . 
  yeah , such noble neutrality . 
  neutrality just lets the innocent get trampled while the neutral can stand on the sideline feeling good about themselves . 
  if there were no winners , there would never be war in the first place . 
  the world does n't run on statements that could be written by schoolchildren that fit on bumper stickers . 
  you still think this is ukraine versus civilians at this point ? 
  this has been a russian invasion from day one . 
  ukraine also was n't overthrown in a violent coup . 
  there was months and months of protesting for a president that flat out lied on doing what he was supposed to do because he was a putin puppet . 
  when the puppet fled the country , russia invaded to punish their vassal country for pretending to be their own country . 
  why should n't ukraine be afforded the same opportunities that people in western europe are ? 
  your logic would equal not letting any warsaw pact country from ever joining nato or eu or at a minimum giving russia a veto on the foreign policy of countries they have invaded in the past . 
  so unless usa kills every single person in afghanistan , that is a defeat ? 
  quite the standard you have there . 
  i guess fuck the people living there right ? 
  not a surprising opinion to see once again . 
  usa and eu did n't make that country a shit hole . 
  it already was one and the people snapped . 
  the same happened even in egypt and instead of usa going in and slaughtering the people to protect their ally , they remained neutral and allowed it to play out . 
  oh , really ? 
  so even when usa is n't leading it is leading ? 
  considering isis being mostly a european problem , i find it interesting that you think europe has no interest . 
  no one is complaining outside of germany about germany spending too much on their military . 
  it is a joke that germany does n't meet their 2 % . 
  nice scapegoat excuse . 
  germany is flat out freeloading while bullying the rest of eu to make fiscal policy all about them . 
  rest of eu and nato is fully aware that germany does n't give a shit about anything unless it directly benefits them . 
  indians ? 
  lol . 
  going way back for the attempt at guilt tripping eh ? 
  indians get numerous benefits as a group from the government to this day and likely always will . 
  the sanctions so far by germany are weak and pointless . 
  let me know when they touch gas since almost all of russian economy and government revenue is derived from it . 
  i will take russia shills all day over the chinese bullshit . 
  they are literally brainwashed . 
  yes and that is why germany sits there with buffer states and a large military base and tells countries they are n't allowed nato bases in nato countries because they are bribed by putin . 
  you can say ouch all you want but how is usa to blame for libya and syria ? 
  afghanistan had the taliban removed . 
  keep sitting in germany and not helping while isis becomes a huge european problem . 
  saying ouch and pointing at everyone clearly makes you superior . 
  usa helped in libya because that is what partners do . 
  they do n't sit in the corner crying about how they are neutral while benefiting from the work others do . 
  good job helping france as well in africa . 
  i can really feel the love . 
  then you wonder why people distrust german `` leadership '' . 
  i do n't know if i could handle yahoo . 
  that is like youtube level idiocy . 
  did you just give me a link to tell me usa is the leader of nato ? 
  haha . 
  you are in denial if you think germany does n't have all the power in eu . 
  germany is the second biggest economy in nato and blatantly acts like a freeloader . 
  it is a joke . 
  i said be a leader , not the leader . 
  if germany was the actual leader of nato there would be wars all over europe because they would leave countries hanging left and right and the alliance would exist only on paper . 
  well , hard to feel sympathetic towards a country that invaded all of europe when the topic is reparations . 
  usa is also trying to push political solutions over war . 
  bu germany does n't do shit with that either . 
  just excuses all over . 
  usa ca n't sanction russia on their own and have eu do nothing . 
  it would look weak . 
  well , too bad . 
  nato is n't all about germany . 
  whether you like it or not , you ca n't be one of the biggest economies in nato and act like the only country that matters is germany . 
  i think it is absurd that the biggest economy in europe is full of excuses on spending money on defense while other poorer countries meet their agreed targets . 
  an alliance means it is n't all about you . 
  usa taxpayers spend a fortune protecting countries . 
  it is a joke that people that live in the baltics have to look past berlin to over the atlantic to see countries that actually stand with them . 
  leadership is n't all about bossing your neighbors when it benefits you and twiddling your thumbs when you are n't the one in trouble . 
  oh , you mean loans ? 
  last i checked germany profits by `` helping '' greece . 
  saving money ? 
  this is n't a house paying their cable bill . 
  it is the biggest economy in the world . 
  austerity causes deflationary spirals . 
  germany just wants to sit there in berlin while the provinces are dying in slow motion . 
  lectures about economic policy like it is a morality play is laughable while they sit there and collect money from their exports from an artificially lowered euro versus the mark . 
  governments in the south need to spend to pull people out of recession . 
  they are n't just a pool of cheap labor for german companies . 
  the usa prospers as a whole because all states are carried no matter who is currently winning or losing . 
  there are huge transfers between the `` winners '' and `` losers '' so that no one is left hanging . 
  it is absurd that countries ca n't control their own fiscal policy and germany that does control it wants to lecture them for wanting to survive .
