  guy is straight up sold that russia is the same as the rest of the world and all corruption is the same . 
  facts are n't anger . 
  russia is a brutal dictatorship with harsh censorship . 
  oh there are corrupt people everywhere ? 
  i had no idea . 
  thank you . 
  you are so profound . 
  no , eu and usa are not as corrupt as russia . 
  keep living in that fantasy . 
  there is a reason they are so far behind in living standards and technology . 
  corruption and their brutal government are the primary causes . 
  that is n't a colony . 
  that does n't make the slavs vikings . 
  it meant they were ruled by vikings . 
  they just would n't have the numbers to overwhelm an entire region . 
  you countered that a point that was talking about how eu is n't corrupt and authoritarian like russia . 
  there is no way to interpret it other than saying there is hardly any difference between eu and russia . 
  yeah considering i am not a redneck myself whatever you say . 
  you were the one saying russia and eu are basically the same thing . 
  how are slavs vikings ? 
  they are neither like the finns nor the norse . 
  russians are vikings ? 
  what ? 
  wondered when that idiotic statement would pop up . 
  how is unopposed conquest of europe good for business as well ? 
  you want to appease russia because that is good for finland ? 
  whatever you say . 
  your problem is finland is incapable of diversifying their economy and somehow you think that is reason to kiss putin 's ass . 
  i am well aware of usa not being perfect . 
  the eu is also not perfect . 
  what is beyond old however is acting like russia does no wrong and eu is just as bad and the never ending excuses as though russia is this innocent victim . 
  just re roll yet another troll account . 
  this one is a blazing failure . 
  this is n't / r/worldnews or / r/conspiracy where everyone is desperate to blame the joos for everything that goes wrong in the world . 
   if only russia would be more like eu ( productive , liberal and relatively low level of corruption ) i would n't mind joining their eurasia . 
  but right now they are exactly opposite - unproductive , corrupt and authoritarian . 
  you countered this point . 
  which means you think they are very similar and not different . 
  so all of eu is unproductive , corrupt and authoritarian . 
  pretty damn simple . 
  i 'm not going to play pedantic trolling games with you . 
  you think you are the first month old account to swing by to play devil 's advocate and defending poor putin 's honor and vilify evil amerikkka ? 
  where did i say to stop buying russian fuel ? 
  who has usa withheld fuel from ? 
  usa power monger ? 
  you mean the country that defends most of europe for basically free ? 
  yes , europe has really suffered under the yoke of usa through decades of peace and prosperity and spending jack shit on defense with zero worries about invasions . 
  what the hell does `` media oriented '' even mean ? 
  where else should you orient your views of things that happen around the world ? 
  straight from the kremlin or maybe in your case direct from your colon ? 
  hate to break it to you , but `` western '' media and russia are not to equal opposing sides of a coin on views . 
  russia pushes straight propaganda and lies on a regular basis . 
  best times to be alive ? 
  you must be joking . 
  your neighbors were easily doing better and things are much easier to look good in a country with so few people . 
  finland has pretty much always been worse off than sweden , norway , germany , and denmark . 
  there was nothing impressive about that tenfold increase during the 70s and 80s . 
  everyone in the west was growing just as easily and tenfold is very deceptive considering they were with much smaller absolute numbers . 
  finland also is n't in a `` recession '' . 
  they have had growth and recovery . 
  you also ca n't blame the eu on this . 
  it was a worldwide crisis . 
  talk about bullshit bogeyman . 
  what exactly is russia going to save finland from . 
  russia has a very small market relative to the eu . 
  ever consider the failures of finland might lie with the fact that they rely too much on one market ? 
  noooo , much easier to blame the eu . 
  even better to use countries in southern europe as a scapegoat . 
  whatever you do , absolutely do n't blame russia for any of their actions ever . 
  what is silly is you comparing the life inside of russia to the corruption in an eu country . 
  that is beyond silly and is in fact delusional trolling . 
  you mean until russia invaded . 
  go away troll . 
  yes one phone call made the country protest against a politician who lied about their biggest promise and turned him into a crook . 
  usa controls the world . 
  even putin bows to the puppetmasters in the cia . 
  russia uses their fuel as a weapon on a regular basis . 
  diversity helps . 
  hard for you to believe i am sure . 
  at no point did i say no one should buy russian fuel . 
  i said they should n't depend on it . 
  well tell me why you would brag about 1970 when sweden had almost double the gdp per capita ? 
  i also do n't give a shit that finland contracted after 2008 . 
  it was actually 2008 where you have the highest gdp . 
  that is exactly what happens during a boom . 
  2008 was artificially inflated otherwise it would not have fell so hard . 
  yes , i know there was a recession in a couple years . 
  it lasted 1991 to 1993 . 
  finland still had lots of growth afterwards . 
  i like how you arbitrarily decide that everything bad that happens is because of eu and euro and everything good is because finland is amazing and survives in a bubble . 
  i can also compare numbers . 
  finland went from 1993 levels of 87 billion gdp to 2008 levels of 272 billion . 
  finland tripled after the recovery of that recession . 
  yes , cheney will come out of hiding from his island fortress and get the government to give huge no bid contracts to his private armies to fight against american forces . 
  big profits for all . 
  yes , russia really has their hands tied . 
  i mean russia has zero choices in the matter . 
  they have to fight fascism through invasions wherever they are like the heroes that they are . 
  how exactly is more sources of fuel a bad thing for europe ? 
  i mean i know having lots of dependence on russia has turned out spectacular for europe so far .
