  mentioning finland does n't disprove any of that . 
  finland does n't have a strong military in comparison to uk . 
  uk also spends over 2 % . 
  this does n't mean i am against scottish independence . 
  i just happen to view those statements as factual . 
  if i was in scotland , i would likely vote for independence myself . 
  yeah , i was n't saying they would n't want to for any logical reason . 
  i just was interested in what it could be . 
  greece invented democracy . 
  how is that diluted ? 
  christianity also did n't spread because of `` christianity '' . 
  it spread because of war and conquering . 
  it became official in rome and that caused it to spread through the empire . 
  then there was lots of killing in the name of christianity as well to spread it more . 
  none of this answers what is `` exclusive '' christian values . 
  this is all a giant correlation . 
  all these values are found all over the planet . 
  you might as well say south america has traditional spanish/portuguese language values since those values spread along with the languages even though the values exist in people that speak other languages as well . 
  there is nothing you are saying that points out how christianity is even remotely unique . 
  ok ... how is that relevant though besides saying other countries exist that have population that matches scotland ? 
  fair enough . 
  i just think it is mostly harmless ribbing . 
  plus i get to practice french . 
  this guy prays for the collapse of the us dollar and hopes the nazi government of usa implodes . 
  just to give you perspective . 
  anything that could be classified in any way , shape , or form as `` west '' is automatically evil . 
  he thinks `` capitalism '' is evil and somehow thinks russia is n't capitalist as well , haha . 
  dude literally mods / r/naziusa . 
  what exactly is there to find by spying on estonia that is of strategic importance to russia ? 
  if someone really desperately wants to be ruled by russia , that border seems to not exist going west , so i 'm sure going east would be no problem either . 
  great post history that you have . 
  you people are like cockroaches , always a new one around the corner when the lights come on . 
  what are you getting at with this comment ? 
  wonderful scare tactics . 
  you really think anything he is saying is even remotely offensive ? 
  this implies scotland carries weight in the uk compared to england . 
  russia says countries are nazi . 
  the rest of the world does n't think nazi governments are everywhere . 
  who knows ?!, 
  it is like 50/50 , right ? 
  oh , i am so confused . 
  i just do n't know who to believe . 
  everyone has the same exact credibility . 
  when has a nato country invaded a country in europe and taken their land ? 
  want to see who wins that one compared to russia ? 
  there are also way more countries in nato compared to one country with russia . 
  that happened such a long time ago . 
  russia would never occupy another country again until it does . 
  you need to forgive and forget , why be so provocative by defending yourself ? 
  the more important question is why you are trying to reason with someone that thinks a country is provocative for joining an alliance that means they do n't want to be invaded . 
  mind you , this is during a time where it is invading other countries , repeatedly . 
  it just seems like the claim is self fulfilling . 
  europe has christianity so everything that exists in europe came from it seems a bit much . 
  there is no way to disprove that claim . 
  i 'd say greece had a bigger impact on europe and that definitely existed before christianity . 
  i am trying to say that the vast vast majority of people in europe is christian in some variety which is clearly obvious . 
  they also tend to have similar values , but those values could have easily existed regardless of christianity as evidenced by them existing elsewhere on the planet . 
  also these `` values '' have been very different over the ages even though christianity has been there as a constant for thousands of years . 
  so i would think it is mostly correlation unless there is some defining characteristic that makes someone and their corresponding values absolutely christian in 2014 and would have similar values at any other point in christianity 's timeline and would stand out from others as well anywhere else on the planet . 
  that pretty much defines correlation . 
  if you ca n't ascribe it to christianity on its own , it is just coexisting . 
  christianity does n't get a monopoly on ethics or morality . 
  christianity also did n't invent anything novel in those areas either . 
  i do read , but if they are n't exclusively christian and these values exist elsewhere in the world , then that by its very nature describes correlation . 
  what are exclusive christian values that no one else can have from anywhere else ? 
  so christianity has a copyright on thinking murder is bad ? 
  this is just correlation . 
  what values exist in eu that do n't exist in india ? 
  do n't you dare try and tell me people in israel did n't have christmas trees and easter egg hunts 2000 years ago . 
  which five you referring to ? 
  i thought scotland was very pro eu , so would n't something like that help ? 
  i just do n't view military actions through nato as something that involves the eu . 
  you could be a politician in the uk and despise everything about the eu and still be pro nato and a proponent for a strong military . 
  i mentioned usa because usa is definitely not part of eu and they are committed to sending troops all over eastern europe . 
  that does n't mean usa belongs to eu . 
  eu and military actions through nato are completely different . 
  even if uk was completely out of eu they would still be in nato . 
  if ukraine was in nato it would n't be invaded . 
  you think wars are n't prevented because of fear of getting usa involved against you ? 
  helping others protect themselves also is n't `` neutral '' . 
  pure democracy in something as large as europe sounds like chaos . 
  what are these examples ? 
  you are ok with saying almost an entire sub is full of racists ? 
  you are a piece of work . 
  sanction your own people with basics like food and medicine ? 
  kidnap more people ? 
  invade more countries ? 
  hold more funerals for people on vacation ? 
  crash more borders with `` humanitarian '' logistical backup ? 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  you do n't need to belong to the eu to protect eu countries . 
  look at usa . 
  this is nato . 
  why is that hard to comprehend ? 
  well ok i understand what you are getting at . 
  i was n't suggesting to blindly trust anyone though . 
  i was trying to say that there are many different sources that consist of the `` west '' . 
  yeah except you claimed saying you are neutral would keep you safe which means ignoring everything around you and getting rid of your military which switzerland definitely did n't do . 
  that just make you all easy target and i would n't blame anyone for leaving a country to rot that says it does n't give a shit about anyone else so long as they are ok . 
  what ?
