  they need to copy the strong neighbors that they have . 
  all the real countries they are comparing are actually quite poor . 
  their only secrets are having countries full of billions of dirt poor people that will gladly work for nothing . 
  it is n't as easy to grow when you are already rich and heavily populated . 
  if you want to play the stupid game of comparing hungary to singapore and think only population matters compare it to nyc instead . 
  wait , what ? 
  what is wrong with argentina ? 
  i 'm out of the loop on that . 
  also , high risk usually carries high reward . 
  although i am not arguing against your assessment that they are high risk . 
  i am not saying i would invest available money myself there either if i was able to . 
  you do n't need everyone to bite , just a select few . 
  yeah sounds like essentially a slave labor class of people . 
  either work for these companies for joke wages or starve . 
  then you have companies saying why bother paying people an actual wage when we can just use government provided slave labor at huge discounts . 
  not much different than walmart using the us government as their employee benefits package . 
  come work at walmart and get complimentary state food stamps after 90 days !, 
  it is a hell of a lot easier to be a `` superstar '' when you are so tiny . 
  using that logic , just copy luxembourg and you will solve world hunger . 
  good luck on trying to emulate singapore which is just a city full of millionaires as an economic model for a poor european country . 
  i would n't mind that existing in usa to be honest . 
  although that could artificially lower wages if you have a government workforce working for close to nothing doing jobs . 
  i guess how much you pay people is the issue . 
  that is n't even remotely true . 
  for starters , an emp is also a nuke . 
  how do you deliver it ? 
  as far as russia is concerned , those are nukes flying towards russia . 
  they launch all their nukes in response . 
  those launches are detected . 
  nukes are launched as a response to those nukes . 
  game over . 
  also , launch facilities can be shielded underground . 
  targeting submarines with ground based missiles is comical as well . 
  ah , yes , good point . 
  still , russia has no debt and they will obviously get a return on any investment that is needed on their end . 
  it is pretty much impossible to not make money when you are sitting on huge amounts of resources . 
  i 'm sure they will find investors if there is money to be made . 
  morality and capitalism do n't usually mix . 
  it does n't matter . 
  he is still black as far as usa is concerned . 
  you think blacks were celebrating in the usa for the first mulatto president ? 
  you think racists in the usa consider obama as another white guy ? 
  being pedantic and annoying might be a huge hobby on reddit , but it means jack shit in the real world . 
  does n't matter . 
  they are sitting on money . 
  they literally pull as much money as they want right from the ground . 
  because the only difference between someone from nigeria and norway is a tan ? 
  what is insulting is that there are people who respond to that poster with positive opinions . 
  otherwise why would it be made ? 
  one-drop ? 
  half the bucket is black . 
  if he was n't president he would be just another black guy in the usa . 
  that picture was blatantly racist . 
  you do n't compare black people to monkeys . 
  there is a long legacy of racism tied to that . 
  bush monkey jokes are just caricature jokes with zero undertones . 
  that is beautiful . 
  i hope america spreads fuck you in the butt fascism all around the world . 
  so stormfront is a bunch of fbi agents trolling each other with how racist they can be ? 
  i much prefer that version of reality . 
  too late , might as well keep at it since they are already guilty . 
  hate speech ? 
  do n't you mean russian patriotism ? 
  ah , well fair enough . 
  i doubt they even need bribed . 
  i think they would just remain neutral and use it as a distraction to get an advantage in asia by increasing their influence and power . 
  the only viable counter to china in the region is the us navy . 
  russian economy is stronger than ukraine and could be an incentive to join russia . 
  they were essentially bribing the people and military inside of crimea to placate them with better living standards . 
  disabled ? 
  are you going to go scuba diving and knocking on the submarines that could be parked outside of lisbon right this second to tell them to please not kill you ? 
  how are some of the biggest economies on the planet , us client states ? 
  none of this would ever happen . 
  china 's military is also worthless outside of their own immediate borders . 
  forgetting all that , there wo n't be any wars with russia . 
  china most definitely would n't side against their biggest trading partners on top of that . 
  china is only concerned about china which is a perfectly reasonable stance on their part . 
  of course the us would join in . 
  usa would never abandon european allies . 
  `` tactical retreat '' . 
  in that case , all hail the power of north korea . 
   fair reaction that is where your proposal instantly fails . 
  now after you say that , all i notice is the ankles . 
  why in the world would n't they just retake the pic ? 
  that girl 3rd from the right especially was caught off guard . 
  i hope at least . 
  that is quite the high bar to get past of doing better than spain or not invading neighboring european countries like russia . 
  your governments ? 
  who would those be ? 
  does france do lots of business with countries that are invading their neighbors and is that concerned over reputation among despots ? 
  how about reputation in eastern europe or eu in general ? 
  that reputation is n't important or already not salvageable anyway ? 
  russian navy is a secret weapon . 
  uncontrollable laughter will disable all their enemies . 
  i 'm not saying i disagree with your point of view . 
  i just doubt those things would have been accomplished anyway . 
  i have a hard time believing countries are poor because of a world cup in the grand scheme of things . 
  i would really love to see an article that studies the financial impact of these kinds of events like olympics and world cups . 
  i know in the usa that the superbowl is a huge windfall for the local economy as an example . 
  europe is highly developed as well and landing an event like like the euro gets you lots of tourism money .
