  quite the self fulfilling prophecy to say something wrong and then go a ha when called out on it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  georgia was being fired on . 
  the mere fact that russians are stationed inside of georgia is also an invasion . 
  georgia has never attacked russia . 
  and ukraine sure as shit has not either . 
  yes , so if i keep punching you in the face you should keep taking it because i threaten to hit you harder in `` self defense '' if you retaliate . 
  that definitely would n't make me a psycho . 
  above all , just make sure to blame all the places invaded by russia because they all had their invasions coming . 
  `` europe '' is who ? 
  are ukrainians african or something ? 
  that is nothing . 
  you can even tell what country i live in from my flair . 
  no doxx , please . 
  i have a ton of negative things to say about current russian government but denying that they were helping to prop up ukraine would be absolutely absurd . 
  ukrainians that try to deny that they have many homegrown problems are delusional . 
  blaming russia for everything is n't going to create a magical paradise in kiev . 
  russia is doing better than ukraine . 
  almost everyone is in europe . 
  god forbid that georgia retaliate against attacks or ukrainians protest crooks for leaders . 
  russia never attacked georgia until they did . 
  russia has a history of using ethnic russians like a fifth column . 
  yeah there is definitely someone being delusional . 
  i agree . 
  no one needs money to be convinced into criticizing russia . 
  you only really need access to facts . 
  good straw man though to criticize something that has not happened . 
  american politicians talked a lot of shit back in the 1700s and there was a massive amount of arguing on how the government should be run . 
  and now common russian is broke because of inflation . 
  i was not aware , thanks . 
  i know there was a point where brazilians i knew were going back to brazil when the economy sucked in the usa . 
  i guess that changed for the worse back home while the usa recovered . 
  the only reason it is a separate `` country '' is because of russia wanting their puppet states to control and or annex along with plenty of ethnic cleansing . 
  same bullshit with moldova and ukraine . 
  you care to explain what you are talking about with the tokyo comment ? 
  there is no delusions . 
  it is ridiculous to deny russian actions in the things i mentioned . 
  it is laughable when things like georgia are denied . 
  they literally had a war . 
  yes , well neither is pointing out that spies exist . 
  i was pointing out the absurdity of your commentary . 
  it is paranoia when the biggest country in the world is obsessed with invading neighbors to keep growing . 
  you do n't invade your neighbors and steal their land just because of who they want to trade with . 
  there is nothing defensive about it . 
  there is nothing defensive about empire building and wanting to redraw maps . 
  i recall him saying that they end up with more money . 
  sorry but currency crashing is not a good thing . 
  i do n't think it deserves coverage to be honest . 
  why reward mental instability with attention ? 
  is china really a big export market for brazil ? 
  i always assumed brazil depended most on the usa . 
  i call that a vulture buying on a sale . 
  literally nothing prevented china from making those deals earlier . 
  what makes you think countries are n't taking advantage of a desperate russia that is trying to appear strong and impervious and needing any kind of deal for a distraction ? 
  what are these lots of investments ? 
  georgia , moldova , ukraine . 
  oh and abducting people from neighboring countries like estonia . 
  i can trash the eu in another thread . 
  i am just saying that greece has more support . 
  i am not only counting the eu either . 
  i doubt the usa for example would allow greece to collapse for instance . 
  you realize `` anything '' that the eu wants is just to stop invading and keeping europe destabilized ? 
  no one is harming russia anywhere close to as much as russia is harming russia . 
  that country continues to stay backwards voluntarily and even proudly . 
  cue up putin speech about how the currency crashing makes russia richer . 
  do n't forget the leader of the `` republic '' was literally a russian agent from moscow . 
  except greece has the rest of the eu to fall back on along with other allies in a worst case scenario . 
  i do n't think i could say the same for russia . 
  it is fucking laughable for a russian to complain about cold war activities . 
  it is always the same talking points . 
  and what makes you say politics is corrupt and business is not ? 
  the two go hand in hand . 
  i mean , i think it hurts the entire world as a whole . 
  i just meant strictly for the usa since the economy is so consumer and service based . 
  i know it hurts germany at a minimum because china is a big target for their auto industry to go along with your example . 
   and frankly there is no candidate in russian politics that could replace putin even with 50 % effectiveness . 
  no shit . 
  that is what happens when you do n't allow opposition unless they are batshit crazy and make you seem better . 
  if having spies makes a country evil , what does having a former kgb member as dictator make a country ? 
  the best `` strongest '' leader with the best memes is obviously who is best for a country . 
  an i an idiot for thinking that the usa could possibly benefit from a bad chinese economy due to their labor becoming cheaper and their lack of demand causing a drop in commodity pricing ? 
  usa does n't rely on china for buying their products compared to having china produce things cheaply . 
  that does n't change what i said though . 
  oil is not a local market . 
  it is a universal worldwide commodity . 
  it will take all shale going dry which is n't happening . 
  oil will never be high like it was during putin 's lifetime . 
  developing an actual economy might be a better alternative versus being a gas station with a military that really sucks at geography . 
  russia is extremely irrelevant as far as relations with china and the usa go . 
  the russian economy is a rounding error compared to international trade between those two economies . 
  ok , then shale starts pumping in massive quantities and the price drops again . 
  that oil did n't have an expiration date . 
  you know , they are n't doing target practice for fun , right ? 
  the people are armed that they are arresting . 
  i never implied they were being innocent victims that do no harm . 
  i was saying that move is n't peaceful . 
  that was not my intention , sorry . 
  even mainland china ? 
  great trolling with that bait . 
  this is pedantic as fuck .
