  you realize france spies also including on the usa ? 
  what happened to baghdad was no vacation either . 
  it is still bad today . 
  slavery is just one of many things on the list . 
  you ca n't have growth with no food . 
  sucks for africa and parts of asia . 
  that is where most of the growth is . 
  the world does n't have a food shortage . 
  there is tons of food for people . 
  transportation to the hungry is the problem while other parts of the world throw plenty to waste . 
  i am sure there are plenty of people with ridiculous desires that are uk citizens as well . 
  but that is n't what they said . 
  just the other day they were threatening to invade and annex canada . 
  oh wait , never mind . 
  they do n't realize media exists and news travels ? 
  you find people bringing it up in the thread . 
  so was i not right ? 
  so , what about the west is what you are saying ? 
  chance that usa does n't get mentioned by certain users for obvious reasons in this thread , 0 % . 
  things are n't quiet with jesus moving . 
  i think at that point you would just call it the not russian organization . 
  where did i insult an entire country ? 
  i need pointers since you do it effortlessly on your own . 
  it has been 70 years . 
  are the nerves really that raw still ? 
  do n't let the truth get in the way . 
  you would probably get more karma for a statement like that in / r/russia though . 
  good old fashioned racism without pretending or dancing around the topic . 
  good job . 
  i wonder why russia gets such an awful reputation . 
  must be a conspiracy . 
  where is proof ? 
  well i was n't aware of that . 
  would n't surprise me either though . 
  that is because you have people in europe that call people that push for sanctions war mongers while appeasing actual invaders . 
  the only shit talking i see here is yours . 
  you do n't know a damn thing about me . 
  you also did n't dispute anything i said . 
  why not take your act to shitamericanssay where you can jerk each other off into euphoria ? 
  edit : of course you do n't need my advice . 
  you already go there on your own for your hatejerk . 
  real shocker . 
  why are you thinking war from hundreds of years ago is somehow relevant today ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  joining the military does n't mean you want war . 
  usa is placing nukes on russian border ? 
  news to me . 
  you know what i call near russian border ? 
  i call them independent countries that do n't belong to russia . 
  usa has good relations with its neighbors . 
  maybe russia could try that instead of invading annexing and kidnapping when they are n't doing practice nuke runs on capital cities ? 
  not really . 
  his comments obsess over hating americans and talking about video games which are pretty much exclusively american made on an american website . 
  the irony of the pathetic existence would be comical but it is hard to notice when you spend all your time circlejerking in shitamericanssay . 
  am i in / r/yurop right now ? 
  if this is real , i do n't even know how to parody it . 
  poland has offered what support they can towards american military operations in the past and do n't view military as optional . 
  regardless of how i feel towards certain military operations taken by usa cough iraq cough , i 'm glad poland will never ever look like ukraine . 
  you 're not getting texas back . 
  it is time to move on . 
  do n't you mean western russia ? 
  one can only hope . 
  so you will gladly let dictators try to rebuild the soviet union so long as german borders are n't touched . 
  yet you have the gall to complain about usa not being an ally . 
  it is very relevant . 
  i am referring to your views that appeasing russia at every opportunity is always the right path for you . 
  much easier to live that way when you are protected by the so called enemy of yours and have multiple countries in between russia and yourself . 
  as if germany does n't spy . 
  even better is the idea that russia does n't spy yet they are in your mind your favorite ally . 
  you are forever playing the role of putin apologist . 
  i love laughing at the fringe . 
  yes , putin is your true friend . 
  ungrateful fuck is all i have to say . 
  definitely no elitism there . 
  what exactly is allowed to happen in non russian land ? 
  is near russia also ruled by putin that it requires his permission ? 
  where is your outrage over actual invasions in europe ? 
  instead you save your disgust for allies instead . 
  well if germany could actually be a leader , there would be no need for military equipment to cross oceans instead of moving a couple countries over to the east . 
  that is n't how facts work for non fringe people . 
  go watch some more fascist produced rt. 
  you are entitled to your own opinions , but not your own facts . 
  because of the kebab terror . 
  k. go pout some more . 
  does n't make your imagination and whining true . 
  oh , sorry , i do n't mean to come across like i 'm arguing with you . 
  i just find the logic that greek politicians are displaying to be incredibly short sighted . 
  russia has absolutely nothing to offer any country besides resources and they are n't going to do it for free . 
  ah yes , russia 's economy is definitely the one i would turn to to buoy myself to prosperity . 
  and these polls show why eastern europe looks across the atlantic for a dependable ally . 
  offering to trade with countries is practically like nuclear war . 
  i am glad russia has come to the rescue to stem the tide of eu fascism . 
  putin is the world 's savior and is leading the one true super power to greatness . 
  top kek . 
  i love that source . 
  great journalism you have there . 
  / r/russia and / r/conspiracy is calling for you . 
  tend to your own nazi problems while being a bootlicker to a fascist regime to the east . 
  do they think the orthodox brotherhood is supposed to mean something ? 
  if they think germany treat its neighbors badly they should look at russian history .
