  what the hell is the damn alternative ? 
  give in an leave a region that usa and the world in general needs to be stable for the world economy to function because some fucking animals made some demands ? 
  they do n't rule shit . 
  oil is the most important resource in the world . 
  the whole world economy is fucked if oil shipments to major economies do n't flow free and clear . 
  us navy patrols the seas for a reason and the entire world benefits . 
  https://www.google.com/search?q=china+moves+oil+rig+from+contested+waters&amp;oq=china+moves+oil+rig+from+contested+waters&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60.2243j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8 try that one . 
  usa got it moved . 
  top link . 
  i forgot to post the bypass link . 
  care to explain ? 
  al qaeda would want to attack usa no matter what . 
  saudi arabia is n't trusting some rag tag army to defend them over the biggest military in the world . 
  saudis have been allies of usa for ages . 
  i know full well that uk has exceptions since it is n't in eurozone . 
  i was stating that uk clearly was n't doing anything that could remotely be considered `` austerity '' . 
  it mimicked usa on how to recover from crisis by doing qe . 
  yes , of course cuts were made , but some form of cuts were needed . 
  it could n't be considered full blown austerity however . 
  uk definitely does n't follow germany 's austrian economic school of thought . 
  http://online.wsj.com/articles/chinas-cosl-moves-oil-rig-from-contested-waters-1405472611 us navy treating south china sea like the backyard pool since the 1940s . 
  usa comes when called . 
  pretty sure they make helos for that . 
  i swear putin is like a usa mole that recruits for usa better than anyone in the world . 
  can we get some more nuclear bombing runs please with some abductions on the side ? 
  you are right . 
  i just mean it is n't everyone . 
  crimea made it much worse . 
  not everyone sees it as black and white . 
  i gather most people get pissed off with current day white washing by russians . 
  i mean even today people saying poland deserved to get split up since they would n't allow russian troops in their country . 
  oh god that is depressing . 
  i had no clue italy was that bad . 
  i assumed it was doing fine until crisis and education was only an issue with old people . 
  i am speaking in regards to the government . 
  i do n't doubt that people themselves wanted reform . 
  i remember the revolts and the wall in germany . 
  i had no clue . 
  i knew he owned a ton of media and used it to control his image along with making him obscenely rich . 
  he comes off like a slime ball to me . 
  it is n't like this for young people is it ? 
  he has known the rules that would result in the adjustment of gni for all of eu for years yes . 
  it was agreed to for years by everyone . 
  literally no surprises that this was happening . 
  cameron is a liar playing populist politics . 
  the uk also absolutely 100 % is not being punished for a damn thing . 
  many of the russians do n't actually live there . 
  most russians do n't speak english and do n't end up on an english website in the first place . 
  act of goodwill . 
  russia was in too much turmoil to respond . 
  what makes you think it is goodwill to finally stop occupying countries that want nothing to do with you because of economic collapse ? 
  this idea that 1991 was a choice that russia wanted is such an act of denial . 
  those bases increase stability . 
  they are there with permission of the local governments . 
  like i care what cameron says as he pretends to be caught off guard by something he has known for years . 
  it is nothing more than populist politics on his part and he is full of shit . 
  correct . 
  one time fix . 
  if this was an american sub i would automatically assume lolbertarian . 
  china does n't have the ability to intervene in europe . 
  they ca n't intervene anywhere outside of their immediate borders . 
  at least until they dump more money into a modern military . 
  usa intervenes everywhere because they have allies everywhere . 
  this is obviously full of potential negatives . 
  well i am pretty sure nato plays a much bigger role . 
  china has no interest in europe outside of trade . 
  russia trying to glamorize separatism is n't exactly making china happy either . 
  haha . 
  get that bullshit out of here . 
  that website also claims usa created ebola in an african lab and released it on africa . 
  crazy shit on a blog does n't make it true . 
  what else you read ? 
  www.zero hedge.com ? 
  i think nazi germany was worse . 
  what are you referencing with people 's relatives ? 
  well , what would you consider threats by usa towards allies ? 
  i do n't think it is a big deal if allies disagree on things . 
  it changes nothing in the long term grand scheme of things . 
  i just think comparisons to russia are laughable . 
  it would be like usa invading and occupying france because they dared to not be in nato . 
  everything they do is blunt and threatening . 
  who you calling an isolated mad man ? 
  china ? 
  i assume you mean russia and feeling cornered could be a bad thing . 
  i agree if that is what you meant . 
  yeah , i never thought about it like that . 
  that 's a great point . 
  i 'd say the poor are pretty split though in the red states especially the deep south in regards to color . 
  the gop wins white men very easily as a whole regardless of income or beliefs . 
  it is their difficulty with every other demo that causes issues . 
  the old southern democrats are now the base of the gop . 
  if that is n't flipped i do n't know what is . 
  if flipped is hyperbole , i 'd at least say there was a massive transformation . 
  i 'd say most of it centered on minority relations . 
  how did you manage that ? 
  you have n't ruled out idiot already have you ? 
  oh god , the brain damage is real . 
  so i take it the uk has a flat tax with zero progressive policies ? 
  one does n't mean the other . 
  this was simply an adjustment in measuring economies .
