  that goes with any country . 
  i for one wish nuclear power was more widespread for instance . 
  i do n't see how france is punished by being allies with usa , but i can clearly see how russia is negatively affecting europe in the last decade . 
  you are talking about fears and hunches while i am talking about specific realities on russia 's end . 
  / r/libertarian feel free to flee here . 
  just make sure you are n't a defenseless latino child or they might shoot you on sight as an invader . 
  you need plans to sink ships ? 
  usually you put holes in it until the water does the rest . 
  selling russia weapons as a grand strategy to make up for napolean ? 
  because you are n't essentially a russian puppet through your own logic that is afraid of going against russia no matter who they are attacking . 
  usa does n't `` take oil '' . 
  they produce plenty of their own from domestic supplies and buy oil on the world market just like any other country . 
  only matters if someone from france is affected , otherwise , give money please . 
  alliances sure are awesome when it is just a group of nations only concerned with self interest . 
  you think facts are what is important for him ? 
  usa hardly buys any oil from saudi arabia . 
  they are n't buying oil from the saudis they are buying stability in the oil market . 
  usa has plenty of oil in their own country , much less needing oil from other sources . 
  personally i think the saudi family and their government is scum , but there are no better alternatives . 
  china has been working with the usa for decades . 
  the relationship with russia and usa has always been as enemies that occasionally work together . 
  china and usa both benefit from each other in different ways even though they are clearly competitors and one is a superpower and the other is a huge regional power that is ascending to compete for top spot . 
  the biggest problem is while there are 1 and 2 competing and working together there is russia in the corner thinking it is still fifty years ago when they were relevant and bullying neighbors to show off . 
  there are no missiles on border . 
  there are no missiles on border . 
  period . 
  russia made a deal with nato to instead have destroyers in black sea instead . 
  those missiles are useless against russia and are only defensive against iran . 
  defensive missiles on european side of russia have zero capability of stopping anything from russia . 
  when was the last time you looked at a globe ? 
  usa does n't need `` offensive '' land based missiles and no , missiles do n't change their objective just from software . 
  a missile used against other missiles ca n't be used to attack land targets with any effectiveness . 
  totally different missions . 
  usa does n't need any of that when they can have submarines parked on russian border right this very second . 
  you also completely avoided question about actually believing russia is going to be invaded . 
  russia is the only one doing the invading by oppressing minority republics and invasions like ukraine and georgia . 
  to this day putin refuses to denounce russian military operating inside of ukraine . 
  they are n't rebels . 
  the russian military is the leadership behind this . 
  putin flat out refuses to say anything negative about the russian `` rebels '' but gladly trashes ukraine at any opportunity and uses rt to make wild accusations about ukraine . 
  you say us neglected ukraine ? 
  usa did n't invade ukraine !, 
  what would you suggest usa do ? 
  send in usa forces ? 
  that would have every russian go in full victim complex mode . 
  the russian government loves to portray themselves as victims versus the rest of the world unfairly persecuting them . 
  there is a reason germany is looked at as a friendly country even after their wwii history while russia is viewed with distrust . 
  russia has n't changed and still wishes to have ussr around and pretend they are a super power . 
  no country has any desire to invade russia . 
  nobody wants russia . 
  russia is the only country stealing land . 
  the fact that russia has kalingrad for example is ridiculous . 
  could you explain your comment about eu neglecting ? 
  i am not aware of what you are referencing . 
  what are you referencing to rocket launchers ? 
  are you honestly saying ukraine is going to invade russia , because so far it is just russians invading ukraine . 
  there is no denial that it is russian born russian citizens involved with ukraine instability and russian government helps them and refuses to denounce them . 
  for some reason russia had different opinions in chechnya about `` freedom '' and different opinion about intervention in syria only months ago . 
  russia treats any country that tries to join eu or nato as an enemy state . 
  meanwhile they have zero issues selling things to the richer countries in the eu . 
  it is hypocritical . 
  russia took all of the nukes from ukraine in exchange for promise to support rebels and take their land at a later date . 
  where is moscow ? 
  who has the seat from un for ussr today ? 
  who has all the nukes from ussr today ? 
  also russia to this day tries to treat neighbors like vassals and punish any that try to improve themselves with trade with usa and eu . 
  apparently only russia is allowed to trade with the west and every other country must join russian union that is totally not an attempt to rekindle ussr . 
  that does n't change that russia was in charge . 
  most of the ussr was russia . 
  it was russian empire before ussr . 
  russia took over for ussr in the aftermath . 
  russia even started they were the ussr to the rest of the world . 
  stating that russia had nothing to do with all the invasions and abuse of europe after wwii is pure denial . 
  who said exclusive ? 
  russia was in charge and many people wanted nothing to do with how russia treated `` friends '' . 
  this continues to this day with threats to neighbors about who they they do business with . 
  they all had very valid reasons to be `` haters '' . 
  what a stupid comment on your part that adds nothing . 
  stalin killed millions of his fellow citizens ? 
  haters gon na hate !, 
  like discussing a serious topic with a teenager on twitter . 
  great perspective on your part . 
  and declaring yourself correct based on nothing over and over accomplishes what ? 
  you just repeated i 'm right and you are wrong twice . 
  i actually used facts . 
  i 'm not sure if you even know what those are . 
  i 'm not the only one that pointed out your idiocy either . 
  i have yet to read any truth coming from you . 
  you are beyond ignorant . 
  the claim of not being anti-american is laughable as well . 
  sounds the same as someone beginning a sentence with , `` i 'm not a racist , but ... '' china 's economy revolves around american consumers for a massive amount of their gdp . 
  china has a small percentage of us debt securities . 
  us debt is very manageable in comparison to gdp . 
  us debt is rock solid and sought after by people all over the world . 
  the government gets essentially free loans at any time . 
  you are confusing truth with your wishes and fantasies . 
  ask poland , romania , the balkans , the baltics , etc. 
  how wonderful it is being a `` partner '' with russia . 
  never mind their current invasion through denial and proxy . 
  imagine france helping rebels in belgium and citing sphere of influence and needing to protect the french speakers .
