  we will just ignore those same exact methods and excuses were offered in crimea as well . 
  well fair enough . 
  it does n't work for usa though . 
  i have exactly nothing in common with the british . 
  usa is packed full of immigrants . 
  here is the thing , you ca n't brag about offering friendly deals if saying no means invasions . 
  which is an incredibly weak and pointless form of government that only lasted a few years . 
  usa would never be the country it is today under that government . 
  definitely not a model worth replicating . 
  or when you do n't try to take over all of europe . 
  what makes you think losers would get out squeaky clean after invading all of europe ? 
  where the hell is the ambulance drivers thing coming from ? 
  well , thanks . 
  i admit , i 'm completely ignorant of how the french do things . 
  common law just makes sense to me since it is all i know . 
  are the laws really that disjointed by going from quebec to the rest of the provinces ? 
  the states in the usa are not equal . 
  that is because of any member being able to veto combined with fuck you i got mine mentality . 
  nationalism will never die . 
  so do nothing ? 
  you need diplomacy first in an attempt to same war which should always be in the table but as last option . 
  appeasing solves nothing . 
  and who is ussr to determine foreign policy of foreign countries ? 
  i mean good thing ussr would never invade any countries after the war or anything so clearly the need to be in nato was just imperialistic usa propaganda . 
  czechoslovakia and baltic countries never ever happened . 
  germans can bitch all they want . 
  compare how the east turned out while they cry about usa . 
  do n't start what you ca n't finish and there would n't have been any reparations to whine about . 
  yeah because only one side has a functioning economy that goes beyond selling fuel and making nothing internally . 
  amazing that an economy the size of italy thinks they can dictate the foreign policy of half of europe . 
  more why is it in here ? 
  because of the onslaught of russian troll accounts that shill and push propaganda . 
  there is nothing new about my account and i have nothing to do with ukraine . 
  i did n't create an entire persona to anticipate ukraine being invaded by russia under bullshit pretenses . 
  new accounts attract obvious suspicion , but i still reply to you based on what you write . 
  i also did n't realize peacekeepers are supposed to retaliate and crush countries . 
  the merkel plan is using german money given to russia for gas to reinvigorate the areas that russia annexes . 
  so in the end , the people in the former ukraine all benefit . 
  peace for our time . 
  what attitude ? 
  the attitude that it should n't take an entire police department to arrest one fucking guy with a knife ? 
  the police put the rest of the town in danger with no coverage over a freaking knife . 
  there was a promise to take eu deal . 
  there was also a deal to keep that worthless president in power but the parliament abandoned him . 
  he broke the promise . 
  usa is n't responsible for fucking russia invading countries . 
  russia is vandalizing all of crimea as we speak . 
  russian flags everywhere . 
  i knew you were going places . 
  you need an earth flair or black flag for full effect . 
  truly they are war criminals . 
  putin was lenient for not executing them himself . 
  so much edge . 
  russia has gas . 
  russia could have helped ukraine and kept them very close through economic and friendly means instead of acting like the typical russian mongol . 
  who exactly do you think is being killed with tasers ? 
  we are n't talking guns here . 
  a couple police officers and a taser would do the job of twenty or thirty or however many people it took to arrest one man . 
  how many are required when a gun is present ? 
  about 150 or so ? 
  which if that is the case why would it even be news ? 
  so no one gets hurt ever due to response time in the whole uk ? 
  because nothing ever has a sense of urgency or emergency ever ? 
  yeah , just ignore that it is impossible to communicate with these people unless the rest of the country learns russian , then ignore the history of the two countries and how russia has acted presently and in the past and the huge disparity in populations of the two ethnic groups . 
  all of that will lead to being erased culturally . 
  so what are police supposed to do in dangerous situations ? 
  i mean it is totally normal to have an entire army of police officers for every dangerous incident . 
  from having their culture erased . 
  if the russians are n't forced into learning estonian you will have a giant chunk of nation operating like it is a smaller country inside of it with zero intention of ever integrating . 
  estonia was almost erased as a country . 
  why would n't they try to preserve their country when they have such a hostile neighbor next to them with centuries of imperialism and ethnic cleansing to go with it ? 
  damn . 
  call the embassy . 
  give them plan b. 
  tasers are rarely lethal . 
  machetes are often lethal . 
  it is a safe way to stop a dangerous situation . 
  people who are having a taser used on them are dangerous in the first place . 
  the quicker they are taken down the better . 
  i am dying reading this . 
  mexico did n't invade usa and were n't forcefully migrated in to erase their culture . 
  they are trying to preserve their language and culture . 
  completely different comparison . 
  quite the opposite , it was usa that did plenty towards mexico a long time ago . 
  also mexico is n't constantly threatening neighbors using ethnic russians as a pretense . 
  russia acts like a giant asshole and ethnic russians pay for it as a result . 
  the russians that choose to integrate do just fine . 
  it is the arrogant and ignorant that `` suffer '' . 
  you really think people in eastern europe give a shit about russia defeating germany ? 
  they were allies !, 
  those same liberators were the invaders of eastern europe themselves . 
  the same exact people . 
  literally the same army . 
  germany runs eu . 
  it is n't even close . 
  they are main beneficiaries and totally fuck over the economies of the south to benefit their own . 
  usa is n't the country mooching off the military of other countries . 
  pissing contest ? 
  ask the people escaping east germany if they were grateful for nato . 
  so easy to complain about the actions why why while benefitting from the results .
