  they are n't some volunteer spy . 
  fucking bullshit to have your husband die and then be forced by government to say he is perfectly fine to everyone even though he is nowhere to be found . 
  because you would do what ? 
  so ready to criticize but what is your answer ? 
  why would n't eu take almost all blame on lack of leadership in something that is in their backyard ? 
  i do n't think people would rip on merkel for not stopping a war inside of mexico . 
  probably stage a terrorist attack on new york city or other known truths that are self evident and require no proof . 
  edit : making fun of truthers gets downvotes ? 
  i 've heard they are only keeping like 600 troops spread throughout all of eastern europe at any given time due to that treaty in the 1990s between russia and nato . 
  it is horseshit to give any credence to a treaty when russia flat out says nato is the enemy anyway and attacks countries for even looking at eu . 
  you are n't earning any brownie points from appeasing putin and you know russia gives no fucks about any promises they make even with their own `` allies '' . 
  there were mass graves in rebel held territory of ukraine and the bodies were not new . 
  there were videos of pows being paraded in front of crowds and treated like nazis . 
  if russia ca n't even respect their own soldiers , they definitely are n't going to respect the `` fascists '' . 
  well , then it would be an emergency and all the bavarians would then demand solidarity across europe and the atlantic . 
  federal debt is not too big . 
  the debt is manageable compared to usa 's massive gdp . 
  this is n't like paying your phone bill at the end of the every month . 
  any interesting stories ? 
  i already know i 'm dead when i live in a target area , although i 'm not really sure if being one of the survivors is really ideal either considering the civilization that would be left after that . 
  you are trying too hard . 
  i think usa should reform warsaw pact since they are the leader of that too . 
  i still do n't understand what the big deal is with the nukes that existed that dropped on japan . 
  both sides were more than able to level entire cities with conventional bombing just as easily . 
  it seems overblown . 
  obviously the nukes that existed after that are a whole other story though . 
  the bombs developed by the soviets are insane . 
  i get uncomfortable even watching them explode over youtube . 
  * putin : no matter what u.s. 
  does , it turns out like libya , iraq interesting . 
  how the hell is an alliance not something usa is `` touching '' ? 
  usa did a whole lot of `` touching '' of countries all over the world , that goes for germany as well . 
  germany had money thrown at it left and right after the war and helped it rebound into a huge success story which is great for all of europe . 
  same as not recognizing crimea . 
  not going to war for something is different from outright endorsing it . 
  are the lolbertarians emigrating to the mediterranean ? 
  usa has a long track record of success stories with their alliances . 
  putin , a head of state , is literally acting like a random putin troll on / r/worldnews . 
  he has a habit of doing this . 
  the many accounts on reddit are just following in the footsteps of their dear leader . 
  whataboutism while invading and annexing a country for no damn reason other than getting ussr back up and running is comical to say the least . 
  every single thing russia touches turns to shit . 
  this includes russia itself . 
  avert second cold war ? 
  when did first one stop ? 
  not that i am disagreeing , but that has nothing to do with that family being corrupt . 
  haha , i know it is allowed . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  world cup had plenty of proof just by itself . 
  there is nothing childish at pointing out that the countries america became close with and allied with have developed into the richest countries in the world all over the world . 
  not just some fluke example . 
  is it even allowed for germans to walk around with a flag ? 
  that comic immediately came to mind . 
  i just found the poll to be hilarious . 
  i do n't presume to stereotype all of greece from one poll . 
  you made the claim , not me . 
  i need to write a thesis for bullshit tangents of bashing america at every turn so putin 's glorious leadership can be deflected ? 
  nothing will ever touch the miracles performed during the warsaw pact days . 
  economists will be emulating it for decades to come . 
  just continues today in russia and their puppet frozen humanitarian missions . 
  just in case anyone forgot , russia is a great nuclear power . 
  please everyone , do n't forget about us . 
  defend putin harder . 
  evil amerikkka is running the world and destroying countries one by one . 
  usa is n't a police state . 
  yeah crimea was all a very happy motion and done very democratic . 
  what a shocker to have yet another german bending over to excuse putin at every turn . 
  depressing to read . 
  and that is if there is anyone around to still notice . 
  it is disheartening to watch it happen in slow motion . 
  are you expecting portugal to bounce or something that you need to drop it twice ? 
  would n't be / r/europe without what about america time . 
  pretty sure no one in europe is worried about getting annexed by usa . 
  you think that holds true for russia as well ? 
  fire with fire . 
  i know it would have required war . 
  stalin would n't have pulled back . 
  pretty much would have been up to mostly americans at that point considering how devastated the rest of the allies were at that point . 
  i understand why . 
  i just do n't think they had to recognize it diplomatically . 
  how is what i 'm saying inaccurate ? 
  using that logic the iberians want half the world to themselves again . 
  i want to assume things can be worked out between allies . 
  the seals . 
  i never suggested nuking russia . 
  i just meant they would n't go nuking anyone if they were forced to leave poland to the polish . 
  meanwhile you have mr. inferiority with putin name dropping that he controls nukes at every opportunity . 
  it is n't complicated . 
  russia has a border . 
  stick to it . 
  stop thinking you can invade any european country that does n't want to be your vassal as well . 
  everyone else in 21st century would appreciate it . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't expect that kind of stuff thrown in a fireplace . 
  might as well use old motor oil for a starter while we are at it . 
  yeah but five out of six arctic countries are allies . 
  i am going to wager that it sucks either way . 
  not like it matters since they ca n't exactly move to another country . 
  the claims that an american is homeless if they miss work for a month is also absurd . 
  i honestly do n't see many homeless people in the usa though .
