  granted , the fact that the genocide has stopped is nice though . 
  who is us ? 
  actually kosovo happens . 
  at least something great resulted from it , right ? 
  https://np.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/3due65/reurope_strikes_again/ct8s5ft you literally call them that . 
  you think butt hurt belt was invented term ? 
  they are constantly insulted . 
  i do n't mean you personally . 
  absolutely yes to baltics . 
  typically the super russians living outside of russia that have to prove how russian they are for whatever reason by saying the most nationalist shit they can come up with on a regular basis . 
  go hang out in / r/russia if you think i am inventing this . 
  i know he does especially from time he has spent inside of / r/russia . 
  i am saying that the baltic countries seem to attract attention and insults from russians . 
  i do n't think it is provocative to move troops to the border when there is open war at your doorstep . 
  it would be a bit ridiculous to ignore the warfare that exists in both iraq and syria right now . 
  they are n't exactly two peaceful functioning countries being bullied by warmongering turkey . 
  holy shit . 
  i have put more thought into what i am eating for lunch than this drivel of a comment . 
  there is a war over there last i checked . 
  full retard would be moving your military into a neighbor for months and months and pretending you are n't there while killing their people and destroying their infrastructure . 
  decide they exist in fake countries like the baltics . 
  it is highly offensive that they think they have their own borders and can create their own laws and have their own hand picked allies . 
  i am ok with that . 
  brics have absolutely nothing in common and are certainly not allies . 
  so is russia . 
  china has no allies . 
  china is about china . 
  it would not help russia in any way if it somehow did n't benefit themselves . 
  those two countries are certainly not equals either . 
  nope , people name drop him like anything he says must be right by default . 
  do n't pretend like he was mentioned for any other reason than to make the person commenting seem more right by association . 
  also his field has nothing to do with politics . 
  who said i have to disprove credibility ? 
  what makes his opinions more valid than others ? 
  ukraine had the right to associate with any country . 
  do those people not have the right to improve their lives ? 
  their lives are worth less than the rest of europe or russians in particular ? 
  no it is n't . 
  regardless though , it has zero to do with china or russia . 
  they get to decide nothing . 
  oh well that sounds pretty cool . 
  how do you know it is authentic ? 
  does this give you an erection to talk about or something ? 
  why is this plane and event even important or relevant to the thread ? 
  no one said stealth makes a jet invincible . 
  only you seem to think this . 
  only nato countries and the ones that want to join . 
  who said only usa ? 
  obsessed much ? 
  nato does not equal usa alone . 
  it is n't any other country 's decision on how countries ally with others . 
  russia 's opinion does not matter and definitely not china 's . 
  more like tech from 70s and 80s . 
  nah , i think his political views are not worth any more weight just because he is well respected in linguistics . 
  i would n't let a dentist perform heart surgery on me either for that matter . 
  what investments ? 
  nato does not prevent countries from trading with anyone . 
  what is your point ? 
  are you disputing trade numbers ? 
  where do they have to come from ? 
  everyone thinks that in some form or another . 
  by the way , russian sphere of influence ? 
  another bot that thinks russia owns other countries . 
  go play victoria 2 and stay out of this sub with your idiocy . 
  here is proof that russian trade is a joke and readily replaceable . 
  just like the ignorant serbs that over state the importance of russia to their country economically . 
  rough times ahead ? 
  my life in the usa is amazing . 
  can you say the same about yours ? 
  i have no patience for putin bots . 
  i knew about the process years ago for that country . 
  fuck off with your free press bullshit and apologize for more ussr nonsense while sucking up to russia . 
  you are completely transparent . 
  i do n't believe anything they say . 
  it is obvious they are just sucking russian dick out here from their comments . 
  actually , go pound sand . 
  i knew about the country joining nato long before syria . 
  an invite does n't come from thin air . 
  do you think someone from nato got drunk one day and mailed it out ? 
  there is a long process . 
  it is your fault you choose to not pay attention . 
  that is just as much a part of stealth technology as anything else . 
  also , the range on infrared is short compared to radar . 
  you are pointing to a unicorn occurrence and jerking off to it with pride and discounting decades of technology . 
  mass protests with how many people ? 
  what part of nato not taking in members overnight do n't you understand ? 
  none of this was secret and it is a long process . 
  people had the chance to vote different people into office . 
  i know , though . 
  you think you live in a dictatorship unless your country does exactly everything you agree with . 
  did you just reference chomsky as if he is relevant other than hating a certain country ? 
  yes , that happened once . 
  very impressive work . 
  that stealth technology is ancient compared to today . 
  what do you think the point of voting in politicians is if you want to make all the choices on your own ? 
  do you think you live in the city state of athens right now ? 
  no country joins nato overnight . 
  none of this was a secret . 
  there is a difference between saying what you think will happen and speaking like eu and ukraine are wrong for denying ukraine is a vassal and excusing russian nationalism . 
  this narrative excuses the invasion by russia as though it is normal and expected for ukraine to be invaded and they have no right to run and live their own lives .
