  i think vietnam had more bombs than entire wwii . 
  usa still lost though no matter how many bombs they had . 
  you ca n't beat people that refuse to lose when your own side does n't really even want to be there . 
  i think it is ironic that vietnam is now an ally though . 
  that is mostly because the chinese are assholes though , not because of usa doing anything right . 
  russia did a lot more than stop georgia . 
  i do n't see russia as being constructive in any of their peacekeeping across europe . 
  i am not disagreeing with you that they are failed states compared to russia . 
  hell mexico is insulting even . 
  mexico actually functions and does n't have mexicans hurting anyone . 
  i think if chechnya was let go the violence like at that theater would n't have happened . 
  i have zero criticism with how russia handled the hostage situation either . 
  i do n't support any russians dying . 
  i just think maybe it could have been avoided . 
  if it were my choice in russia 's shoes i would say fine you get your country but then limit their immigration and let them fend for themselves . 
  fuck them would be my attitude . 
  i have no problem with russia inside of russia . 
  i have a problem with how they handle neighbors . 
  the topic was n't about russia . 
  i do n't support the killing of russians . 
  i think russians should be able to live freely anywhere . 
  there are tons of russians in the us and they live here with no problems . 
  edit : you brought up serbia . 
  i do n't think there is any way to defend serbia . 
  they try to take over the balkans and kill any non serbs . 
  the only reason i defend kosovo is because of genocide . 
  kurds also were screwed with the drawing of lines by imperialistic powers like the turks and uk . 
  they have been attacked on multiple occasions as a group and they number in the tens of millions . 
  this is n't like every 200,000 group of people needing a country . 
  the balkans for instance practically ca n't function unless every five people get their own country . 
  even now there are people trying to break up bosnia further . 
  yes , just ignore any ethnic cleansing in georgia . 
  also , i would have been completely fine with yugoslavia never breaking up . 
  only reason kosovo exists is because you put a few serbs together and they start digging ditches . 
  russia only cares so they can split countries and make buffer states . 
  they sure did n't care when it was chechnya . 
  georgia is all of georgia . 
  there are no independent republics/puppet buffer states . 
  the us did no such thing . 
  you are referencing the actions of a couple idiot politicians power tripping with the control of a government cafeteria . 
  do you want france to be represented only by the actions of hard right nationalists ? 
  the contrast in the comment between both russia and usa versus europe . 
  that was the impression i got from the comment . 
  you of course can criticize the us however you like . 
  i know there is plenty to criticize at least from my view . 
  russia as well but that goes without saying . 
  it was used twice and both times correctly . 
  feel free to talk about putin doing good actions any time you want by starting your own posts . 
  you are defending putin when you play what about games . 
  why not bring up genghis khan too ? 
  you are just distracting and defending it after the fact by saying you do n't like any of it . 
  yes and the eu is n't an impotent body filled with political bickering and getting nothing done due to countries only caring about themselves . 
  russia and usa literally invented self interest . 
  that nonsense comment has me literally defending russia . 
  what makes you think usa has alliances by force ? 
  is usa invading france every time they disagree ? 
  russia threatens `` friends '' on a constant basis . 
  look at how often they throw bullshit sanctions against eastern europe or just flat out invade to split up countries . 
  eastern europe asked for support this year due to russia 's actions and the us spent $ 1 billion on military actions without thinking twice no questions asked . 
  the reasoning was n't just weapons . 
  it was for violating their peace treaty . 
  iraq was the initial aggressor . 
  well sure , glad i could help . 
  i really like bbc and al jazeera for an outside perspective myself , but they obviously do n't involve themselves in the usa as much as an american media company would . 
  never good to take things blindly at face value . 
  do n't watch msnbc either . 
  they are the mirror opposite of fox news but not quite as extreme . 
  i think cnn and abc are more fair . 
  i guess you could watch all of them to get the true story from multiple angles . 
  fox news alone though is just awful . 
  for one , it is more clicks for them and more money . 
  secondly , it is pure garbage . 
  they openly lie about shit on a regular basis . 
  just garbage and propaganda . 
  third , they also hardly do anything that is actual news . 
  almost all of their programming is opinion . 
  i am starting to think you are following me at this point . 
  move to russia and your hatred of the west will have plenty of company . 
  you always have options . 
  the situation is n't comparable . 
  i thought the invasion was a bad idea regardless . 
  way too expensive and not sure what the end game would be . 
  it also distracted the efforts in afghanistan . 
  however none if this has shit to do with ukraine . 
  what if both are n't justified and one can be stopped ? 
  then why the hell bring it up ? 
  bring up wwii while we are at it if we are just throwing random shit out there . 
  iraq just gets mentioned so a bunch of europeans can jerk off about amerikkka while gladly taking nato protection . 
  at least the french and uk whether they agree or not with usa pull their own weight . 
  they have started to go to arizona and texas too in their giant motor homes . 
  that is no way to talk about the cubans . 
  you talk bad about them and you lose elections . 
  no , it was responded to twice and he kept violating the rules of the peace treaty from the first time . 
  it also was n't in secret and denial of unmarked uniforms and admitted to after the fact . 
  there was a long buildup prior to that . 
  i still thought it was a bad idea and the handling after the war was atrocious . 
  none of that however equates to a naked land grab . 
  iraq is an independent country . 
  let 's see russia voluntarily leave crimea . 
  i 'll wait for that any day now .
