  phillipines and cuba were let free almost instantly after talking them from spain . 
  puerto rico has zero desire to leave . 
  all those places can pretty much do as they please . 
  this is n't exactly the uk ruling india . 
  i have no problem with mexicans and grew up with tons of hispanics around me . 
  i have issue with a mexican government though that is corrupt as fuck and has cartels run wild compared to being perfectly safe where i live with zero crime . 
  i mean my parents do n't murder anyone that is different from them and they were raised in europe . 
  they are n't different from me just because of birthplace . 
  having borders does n't mean there is a lack of mexicans in the usa . 
  the usa gets along with all of its neighbors unless they are evil communists . 
  tons of cubans here too . 
  tons of people from everywhere here . 
  i would live in a rich country if stalin wanted . 
  i love canadians . 
  they seriously ca n't live together to where one of them ca n't exist in the country of the other ? 
  that shit is so foreign to me . 
  honesty is best genocidal policy . 
  the jews should have never been in germany in the first place is also not racist with your logic ? 
  barbarians ? 
  what first made these countries hate each other ? 
  china is a time bomb with their population and strict government . 
  i think india has a better future long term . 
  but globalization is n't my issue . 
  it is destroying industry in other countries so that china can keep unrest low through a jobs program . 
  i am not mandating a quota of employed steel workers in country . 
  i would like farming protected but not individual farming workers protected . 
  i hope that makes sense ? 
  semi related note chinese steel is garbage . 
  and other countries should n't have their own steel industry gutted in the process because of it just to benefit steel consumers . 
  america does n't do the empire thing . 
  just lots of networking with military and trade . 
  empire is way too costly and antagonizing . 
  friends . 
  absolutely . 
  up top should reform versus take advantage of it . 
  progress is n't binary . 
  some other eastern european countries have improved . 
  it does n't change overnight . 
  mexico is worse . 
  it is best that the uk stays part of russia because the americans need insiders to advocate the totally independent british position . 
  someone needs to stop the russophobia . 
  the russians are the most persecuted victims in the world . 
  next post , russia stronk superpower in multipolar world against evil american imperialists . 
  they are serious . 
  you might want to pick your arena better . 
  which you like better ? 
  the russian/soviet anthem is easily one of the most amazing anthems in the world . 
  we got russian memes and simpsons . 
  let 's see how this plays out . 
  is there some context for ignorant outsider ? 
  lisbon to vladivostok finally happened?l liberation inbound . 
  i 've been doing some serious shitposting the past 24 hours , but now let me ask you something , is this a good movie ? 
  time to to go watch rocky iv . 
  i taught my dog to fetch buried stock piles after watching red dawn . 
  i want the scots finally subjugated and forced to speak english . 
  everything after 1991 was just a dream on a shit sitcom . 
  get the scots to leave . 
  then we tag team them for ireland part deux and split the difference once they are a non voting colony . 
  i can handle one of the small countries like germany with handing out firearms . 
  some of my other friends can each give out their stockpiles for the other countries . 
  only if mods quickly swapped and are wearing green . 
  [ removed ], 
  if not right now , you will be later . 
  yet my life is better than the average russian and my family in a small european country live better as well . 
  so it is failing hard for the russian people . 
  i do n't sit around in fear of california or italy just like i do n't fear russia . 
  mosquitos have a bigger impact on my life . 
  the amount of gloating and admiration you have for a poor petro state you must think usa rules the universe in comparison . 
  because side tracked conversation . 
  i do n't think you are russian . 
  i am not sure to be honest on any guess . 
  you are right on the pride . 
  i just do n't like people bugging people minding their business because of a fucking flair and that goes for serbs too . 
  i have nothing against them but i do get annoyed when they play victim with memory loss of why they were victim . 
  today 's bulgarians are alexander the great 's descendents you mean . 
  and a homeless man is comfortable with a bridge under pass . 
  again , does not change the fact that russia has not been able to threaten anyone past their immediate border and has one base past their border in the entire world . 
  any attack they make will get a response . 
  no they ca n't just threaten any country in the world with a sub . 
  how about russian anti sanction forces ? 
  great economy they have . 
  i think we are . 
  that does not mean no one anywhere ca n't have issues . 
  the whining about feeling fucked over does n't sit well with me because my parents immigrated here for a better life . 
  well i am telling you that feeling that fucked over you still have options . 
  a north korean does not . 
  it is perspective . 
  also the whole super power thing means english gets you pretty far compared to your only language being vietnamese for example . 
  there are no walls trapping you . 
  it is n't just about you . 
  and zero of them are a super power . 
  i am never surprised at germany selling other countries out , no . 
  really ? 
  unlucky to be born american ? 
  you can move elsewhere easily . 
  unlucky to be born in north korea would be a bit easier to listen to . 
  i do n't give a fuck about nazis getting occupied . 
  seriously , cry more . 
  i give a fuck about places like poland being broken apart for power grabs . 
  nazis do n't get slap on the wrists .
