  the ussr failed . 
  these two statements do n't mix . 
  how does all that happen without money ? 
  good , the bigger the russian military the better . 
  then maybe europe will pay attention west of poland . 
  what do you call rich ? 
  fair and square . 
  conquest of greece eh ? 
  they attacked dictators that are invading and growing empires . 
  you know , keeping them in check . 
  he did not say they literally eradicated every dictator on there planet . 
  but lol cheap points because i can make cheap quips all day long . 
  no matter what is done it will garner criticism . 
  i even see the usa called war mongers by people in here for libya . 
  so because the usa did n't invade the world you are lol . 
  i can only imagine your reaction if the usa did invade the planet . 
  no matter what though you have the chance to comment with lol . 
  very clever . 
  go visit iraq or syria and see what happens in terms of resistance . 
  every single one of those rights in the bill of rights named personal freedoms from the government . 
  ah yes , there is a civil war about every two years here in the usa because of guns . 
  you must think highly of your fellow europeans . 
  brought civilization you mean . 
  low effort . 
  sad !, 
  are they prepared to make that kind of large commitment from their populace ? 
  but not hated enough to protest and rebel while he rules for decades . 
  civil war means there were people in support of his rule . 
  i meant long after that war . 
  he was in power for decades . 
  things i never said . 
  you are a big fan of attacking straw men . 
  they both had fascist governments while allied with the west . 
  so no one should rebel against a dictator ? 
  no one should protest ? 
  would you prefer old south african government still in power because stability is all that matters ? 
  the arab spring shows what you do . 
  how many decades in power ? 
  what was done to remove him ? 
  did the people allow it ? 
  how did he get in power ? 
  by himself ? 
  where were the constant rebellions ? 
  the point is the usa is n't responsible for the government there that is openly supported by their own people . 
  parent comment  i blame them for supporting a dieing fascist dictatorship which set up the country backwards decades and allowed the fascists time to clean up their image and flawlessly hope into a hypocritical so called `` transition '' . 
  ty us , much appreciated . 
  the spot you are born does n't make you entitled to your own facts . 
  you jump into a conversation mid thread without a clue on what you are even talking about . 
  are you even aware of fascism being supported in europe by europeans after wwii for decades ? 
  how am i troll when you have no clue on what the hell you are talking about ? 
  could you please get off my american internet ? 
  go hide in sas where they will pat you on the back for making random insults to a flag . 
  are you not aware of the governments in spain and portugal ? 
  did you just jump into the thread blind ? 
  literally read the things i responded to before you comment next time . 
  they came here right after marriage . 
  there is no patriotism involved with blaming fascists on the citizens that support it . 
  what the fuck ? 
  my parents grew up in portugal . 
  stop attacking flairs and making this sub shit . 
  blaming another country for your own fascism is something a pathetic person would do . 
  no matter what , the mantra of blame the usa for everything will still apply . 
  you got people in here blaming the usa for the actions of portuguese people . 
  how , by being called war mongers when they try to stop them ? 
  portugal does not get to be innocent for literally having a fascist government, 
  well the bics in that group have more trade with the usa than russia in common . 
  does n't make the situation equal . 
  i mean , i am not bashing them . 
  mostly just saying i already know the link without clicking . 
  i do n't think anyone is claiming that russia is running out of paper . 
  this always gets trotted out . 
  sorry for vague language . 
  they being usa forces . 
  not first instance . 
  it had nothing to do with not thinking poland is worth it . 
  they have been buzzed in black sea as well and not shot back . 
  there is nothing to gain from it . 
  end of the day russia is still left more and more isolated while eastern europe remains protected and integrated with allies with constant improvement in terms of corruption levels , growth , quality of life , etc. 
  how does nato act weak then ? 
  i am fine with that . 
  how exactly is nato weak in the first place ? 
  / r/europe is where i come to learn about islam . 
  i assume off the bat those pilots were doing as told . 
  i do n't lie seeing that behavior outside of shows . 
  so many things can go wrong . 
  i meant the people on ship reacting . 
  i do n't think foreign policy and military matters get decided by people barely old enough to drink if that . 
  you ca n't just use spending . 
  i agree with you . 
  how is that ruble ? 
  ca n't cry from under the ocean though . 
  it is like a wet dream combo . 
  no one cares if russia votes to stay in the russian empire . 
  the point is that the ussr was a failure and held together through forc , fear , murder , and ethnic cleansing among other things . 
  it failed because it was a failure and the sooner the better . 
  imposing stalin on people is similar to being forced to live under hitler . 
  because of instability . 
  you think europe wanted to be enslaved for 50 years ? 
  short suffering that was quickly improved especially by the ones that could finally turn to the superior west . 
  vietnam was being defended by france and then usa as requested by the government there .
