  `` acting '', 
  bob in alabama is furious and that is what matters . 
  not sure why any average citizen would be aware of foreign arms deals not involving their own country . 
  the average american just gets involved when some stupid politician officially changes the names of potatoes in the government in the name of patriotism and hating the french . 
  who actually lived on island during british rule ? 
  mostly greeks i imagine ? 
  i am sorry . 
  i did n't mean mm you were wrong . 
  just seems silly to not be able to change your own rules . 
  what would happen ? 
  invasion by uk ? 
  granted invasions are probably a sore topic on the island . 
  the whole issue sounds like a mess because of past crimes . 
  of all the states you have to pick , you choose california and new york . 
  they are incredibly alike . 
  even quebec ? 
  canada ca n't even manage to go drama free with them . 
  imagine quebec wanting special treatment with the usa involved . 
  maybe if you actually knew what you were talking about you would be able to form useful opinions . 
  you lose any credibility when you talk about anyone being china 's bitch . 
  just a small discussion over property rights involving actual people as said property . 
  why ? 
  it is their country . 
   so , to all defenders here of the kiev junta and the eusfr ( european union of the soviet fascist republics ) , which version you like better ? 
  the one `` we do n't care about you but about the profit '' or `` we sacrifised you in the name of bla-bla '' ? 
  someone was saying that capitalism means to have a choise . 
  here is a choise for ja . 
  amazing . 
  i 'm from the milky way first . 
  you guys are so provincial . 
  if you find people calling you an anti-semite over and over , you might be the common denominator . 
  world wars require allies . 
  who in the world defends russia 's aggression . 
  they are actively fucking over ukraine and europe does nothing . 
  russia has been bullying their neighbors for years and using nukes to prevent retaliation . 
  she is really putting a lot of effort into practicing for a role as a useless un politician as her next career move . 
  so basically , doing exactly what russia has been doing for months by using `` rebels '' as a proxy force to invade ukraine ? 
  the leaders have already been identified as russian nationals . 
  it is ukrainian territory . 
  ukraine can allow anyone they want for assistance . 
  conscripts and horrible logistics will do that . 
  only a small section of their military has proper training and upgraded equipment . 
  they depend on nukes to justify their power while barely being able to overpower countries right on the border that are tiny and poor . 
  just ask putin . 
  i 'm sure he would know if she has any tattoos since they are so close . 
  second most powerful army that is only useful against georgia . 
  they have zero power projection past immediate border . 
   and fuck the eu economy we can deal with higher prices for a few months . 
  words that have never been uttered in germany . 
  russian special forces . 
  that is all well and good , but the jews did this . 
  why sure , usa . 
  my parents emigrated from portugal and most of my family remained behind . 
  i try to keep abreast of any news in europe best i can from various sources . 
  i agree and would like to see europe push ahead on their own for a change . 
  they just want eastern europe for cheap labor and expanding markets to sell goods . 
  total lack of respect . 
  people are dying and countries are being destabilized but who cares so long as there is cheap heat in paris and berlin . 
  good thing it was just dead dutch . 
  that is n't an important enough country to do anything but tell putin to please kill only ukrainians and stop before you reach the german border . 
  this show is great . 
  never heard of it before . 
  seems way too accurate sadly . 
  yeah of course . 
  why would they respect them ? 
  they are n't the `` real '' europe . 
  eu is a joke . 
  they are too concerned over random business deals . 
  they are even selling the weapons russia is using to attack their neighbors . 
  france gladly sells the tech that russia lacks to modernize their armies so they can invade any neighbor that threatens to try to improve their economy and not be a vassal of russia . 
  if eastern europe tries to trade with the eu it is a personal attack against russia , meanwhile russia gladly trades with the eu whenever it feels like . 
  putin still fantasizes about the ussr days clearly along with many in russia . 
  so you think if there are dead americans being shot down by russians that usa will shrug and say it was a mulligan ? 
  well , it is the preferred insult by an opposition party . 
  that counts for nothing ? 
  so i am imagining things when republicans use the word communist interchangeably with socialist to insult obama ? 
  that is what russian special forces are for . 
  yes , but , the city needs that russian oligarch money in their accounts . 
  priorities . 
  oh i agree . 
  they do n't want business deals to lose even a cent while allowing anything to happen to eastern europe . 
  worthless alliance . 
  even when poland urges action , nothing happens . 
  then europe wants to criticize usa for acting like police when europe clearly shows they lack resolve to accomplish anything or agree on anything unless usa takes the lead so that usa can be the bad guy and shoulder all the cost . 
  seems to be led by germany . 
  they are more interested in business deals than if ukraine was completely invaded . 
  you realize how easy it is to get americans pissed about russians even when they are n't doing anything ? 
  the worst insult you can call someone in america is n't mexican or illegal , it is communist which might as well mean chinese or russian . 
  muslim is a close second . 
  usa just flips a switch and nationalism will be full steam ahead . 
  not true . 
  they have kids and they grow up with the same views . 
  there is a large section of the country that is conservative . 
  it is n't a minority . 
  the country is pretty split . 
  so no war and no sanctions . 
  how harshly worded should the letter be that gets sent in the mail ? 
  and everyone will `` tsk , tsk '' and russia will keep operating business as usual . 
  short of t-90s in brussels i do n't think the eu gives a damn about anything besides purchasing gas and selling their weapons . 
  well they obviously know they are safe on the ground .
