  i am also kind of curious on what the process is of creating the escudo from thin air again and how you determine what is still owed after that when they were operating with the euro . 
  so what ? 
  russia is saving who ? 
  invading ukraine to save ukraine from ukraine ? 
  they are just stealing land . 
  those countries left because russia does n't know how to treat other countries unless those countries are headed by ruthless dictators . 
  what serious allies does russia have ? 
  compare that to countries that actually want to be friendly with usa . 
  being an ally with usa means citizens having better and safer lives . 
  because they leave . 
  why are you dense with this ? 
  annex means permanent stealing land . 
  texas would n't want to leave in first place . 
  those republics were n't forcibly removed from ussr . 
  they left on their own . 
  if russia treated their friends better they would n't flock to usa . 
  i agree with you that america is not the good guys . 
  but there is n't utopia in this world , so relatively speaking i will gladly take the less bad guys . 
  at the end of the day , those countries that get invaded are always allowed to make their own choices minus a dead dictator and his cronies . 
  americans want no part of american states all over the world . 
  russia is fucking crazy with their propaganda and rationalizations . 
  they act like the whole world has no access to other sources like a typical russian . 
  that was more in reference to honest romanian . 
  stupid joke about the typo . 
   easter ukrainians, 
  somehow all of europe seems to function just fine without thinking they get to own neighboring countries due to history or sphere of influence and make life hell for those `` friends '' . 
  are they like the ukrainians that only go to church twice a year ? 
  so are you suggesting they be painted white ? 
  i love this bot . 
  what the fuck , russia ? 
  stop imitating africa . 
  only because people assume all romanians are gypsy . 
  ah well in that case we agree . 
  i just think with the exception of israel no us ally would ever use a nuke first . 
  i do n't presume to understand israeli politics especially with hard liners in charge . 
  it just is n't possible to defeat the alliance network that usa has . 
  they are essentially invincible and usa has to defend every country to the last man otherwise their entire hegemony is destroyed from one defeat . 
  people are weird . 
  i love portuguese food myself but it was n't an offensive statement . 
  would never happen . 
  who is going to bring france to annihilation ? 
  usa would throw everything at the enemy . 
  there is n't a military on earth that could harm france . 
  the only country i worry about using nukes would be israel but they are at peace with their neighbors for the most part and have a superior military . 
  well that is good for spain . 
  it is just too bad it is usually political suicide to do much needed fixes . 
  you should n't be able to live better than actual workers contributing to the economy unless you have private investments as well in my personal opinion . 
  having is far different than considering them normal options as a response to losing a conventional battle and to scare the enemy . 
  i have heard of ussr and russia 's military policy of using nukes to intimidate opposition . 
  usa would absolutely not allow any allowed power to use nukes first . 
  retaliation is a whole other ball game though . 
  it is fine . 
  we will teach them good conservative values from usa one one night stand from a bar at a time . 
  i would personally volunteer all my time to such an endeavor for the greater good . 
  do n't confuse my disdain for the dictator as praise for current politicians . 
  i am incredibly frustrated whenever i pay attention to politics . 
  it comes across as such a backwards and corrupt country where nothing gets accomplished . 
  how does it make portugal more competitive ? 
  should n't labor already be obviously cheaper and costs in general cheaper if the euro is high i would just think prices would adjust accordingly to lower numbers relative to the rest of europe . 
  well the better more fair question i guess would be does a pensioner make more than someone doing that same job currently ? 
  which is fine if it is legal . 
  you ca n't do anything if it is black market . 
  would be a poor guess . 
  please send all slutty russian women to usa that live in poland . 
  problem solved . 
  just in time is best methods for cheapest inventory . 
  i do n't know if that works with sanctions in play though . 
  i guess maybe russian companies will cheat sanctions through belarus ? 
  so essentially looking at near future i would think as it works down the supply chain . 
  you sound like my french friends . 
  too far . 
  russian women are gorgeous so long as they do n't go past age 40 . 
  germany takes advantage and profit with their huge exports . 
  meanwhile they push austerity on the poor countries which only hurts them more . 
  ca n't be serious . 
  800/month ? 
  that is pity wages . 
  in america he would make $ 1000/week easily . 
  that is outrageous for a pension . 
  they should cut the pension benefits so that the pensions are able to last longer . 
  sounds like the young have no future and are being robbed . 
  i do n't have experience with the euro stadiums other than the luz . 
  that place is very nice . 
  i could n't imagine small towns affording empty stadiums . 
  porto or benfica ca n't play in every city at once . 
  my father left during during the transition . 
  he had the pleasure of nearly dying in angola from disease . 
  what ? 
  is this serious ? 
  yes , we are referring to using tactical nukes . 
  this is n't about icbm use . 
  except nato can not be defeated so they would never strike with nukes first . 
  usa had world wide alliances . 
  russia would have attacking armies from every angle . 
  is cuba supposed to protect them ? 
  you would have japan and south korea and the rest of the pacific coming at russia . 
  usa has a lot of favors they can collect on while trying to protect poland and the rest of eastern europe . 
  i think it seems like you are singling out jews . 
  plus the fact that jews are n't an ethnic group . 
  what is the difference between a jew or orthodox russian ?
