  do n't even get me started on nato `` expansion '' . 
  you are n't helping by stating german and japanese support remained strong . 
  russian propaganda is also comically absurd . 
  vietnam involved a draft . 
  totally different . 
  plus there was lots of lying over weapons in iraq and taking advantage of 9-11 . 
  people turned with the truth getting out . 
  trolling for trolling 's sake should be downvoted . 
  no one wants to be bothered with a screen full of propaganda like the fascist junta in kiev bullshit . 
  just downvote it so it goes away , because the spam never ends and there is never any logical debate to back up the crazy talk . 
  i doubted it within days . 
  uh , no . 
  the reasoning is that no one is ever forced into nato . 
  they actually ask to join and the are either accepted or not . 
  there is no nato ` expansionism ' . 
  there is n't an imperialistic march to russia 's border . 
  this is n't the mongol horde . 
  if russia wants their own alliance , then feel free to form one when mexico and canada go begging for russia 's protection . 
  usa has cuba right off the coast and they are still an independent nation . 
  america is n't invading them ever . 
  the same ca n't be said for ukraine , georgia , moldova , etc. 
  let 's not even get into how wonderful russia was to their friends behind the iron curtain . 
  karma is a bitch . 
  countries have memories . 
  bush was reviled at home . 
  he had massive protests with iraq almost right at start . 
  he 9-11 ` ed his way into a second term by pushing fear . 
  it was a horrible time in american politics and foreign policy . 
  i do n't see massive protests happening with crimea . 
  if anything , i imagine russians could n't be prouder of themselves . 
  well , to be fair , there was a war involved where britain tag teamed on portugal to take asian colonies . 
  the mess with spain forced portugal and britain against each other for a short period . 
  from memory i think the dutch were kicked out pretty much completely from the western hemisphere and lost land in africa but took colonies in asia . 
  i was n't aware of portugal being kicked out of japan , but they did manage to have colonies survive even into modern days with macau in china . 
  i still think groundwork is most important which is why i find the feats of the spanish and portuguese to be very impressive . 
  i just also think the british and dutch ran their colonies better . 
  you had friends to your east looking after you . 
  the royals in brazil was a strange time . 
  i would be more proud of the ground work versus coming in after the fact and stealing it and developing it more . 
  is kiev rus considered russian ? 
  but look on the bright side , that gives you more topics to ask , `` what about amerikkka ? '', 
  why ? 
  was / r/pariah taken already ? 
  yeah maybe poland suddenly has dangerous airlines now to match their apples . 
  well in that case conquering all of ukraine is good for passenger safety . 
  murdering your fellow citizens is n't leading . 
  that is being above and beyond absurd . 
  western europe gave people better lives and the people were happier and more productive . 
  immigration proves that point as well . 
  who could have possibly seen issues with that to be fair ? 
  especially red russia . 
  probably safer to be a russian special forces soldier on vacation than to speak your mind in russia . 
  and if those nationalists consider their territory any land that used to be a part of russian empire/ussr at any point ? 
  i mean , i 'm sure all nationalists feel justified in their expansion . 
  what in the world is the difference between imperialists and nationalists especially if it is the same result ? 
  i am sorry . 
  i misunderstood the context that you were mentioning these things . 
  any time i point these facts out , i am inundated with how awful usa is . 
  you could talk about something in romania and it will turn into a conversation about iraq in a couple comments . 
  i thought you were implying that usa manufacturing is falling and they do n't make anything . 
  all of these things fall under , `` fuck you , i got mine . '', 
  great way to run the eu in that manner . 
  do n't forget the rebels are all `` ukrainian '' as well , even though they want to start a `` republic '' led by a russian citizen born literally in moscow with ties to the russian government . 
  it is a very organic movement that sprung up from thin air it seems to stop this deadly fascist threat . 
  we get the politicians we deserve . 
  politicians are n't keeping their ideas or votes secret . 
  there are people lining up to vote them in . 
  textiles have been getting phased out for ages . 
  why would that be surprising ? 
  most clothing is made dirt cheap , so it is taken where people will do it for nothing . 
  that does n't mean that things are n't made in the usa . 
  i really am not sure how this is a tangent from a point made by obama about russia which is a poor country that has been a power for hundreds of years and has a horrible economy that depends almost exclusively on selling fuel to survive and has serious issues with brain drain due to shitty standard of living and how citizens are treated in general compared to eu countries and other western powers . 
  i mean , this is a thread about russia specifically . 
  the thread is in / r/europe . 
  what is the topic ? 
  naturally it is about the usa , what else ? 
  and not everything is wwii . 
  it helped the us economy because they helped to rebuild western europe and japan . 
  they also did n't have any legit competition worldwide since much of the industrialized world was completely destroyed . 
  how is that comparable to any other wars ? 
  using that logic a government could spur their own economy by bombing itself into nothing and make all kinds of money repairing itself . 
  in theory , that could possibly work , but he as always references usa for every single topic and iraq was n't the least bit profitable . 
  it cost the usa a massive fortune . 
  i wish i could laugh at this . 
  depressing as hell . 
  they sure do a lot of destroying for all that `` peace keeping '' . 
  they are just trying to break up countries that do n't want to directly follow russia to make them unstable . 
  the areas they keep soldiers stationed in are disasters . 
  the fact that transnistria exists in their current conditions is criminal compared to how the eu lives . 
  but it stays that way propped up by a bunch of thugs . 
  way to have perspective . 
  i am no fan of the stuff you are pointing out either , but it sure as hell is n't china . 
  do you realize how immense the economy is in the usa ? 
  the country gets income from various paths and they all add up to a lot of money per person . 
  comparing it to the small economy of russia is laughable especially with how russia is a one trick pony . 
  both their tax revenue and gdp ride entirely on fuel pricing in order to survive and function . 
  what does comparative buying power have to do with quality of life and worker conditions ? 
  how much food you can buy with a yuan versus a dollar or whatever else has zero to do with how you are treated by your employer or what is happening to the environment in the process of producing that yuan . 
  companies know they can go there and pay workers nothing and not have to worry about environmental laws being in force . 
  they are exploiting the people and land because the government outright encourages it .
