  i think they should keep defense spending at the 2 % minimum because it sets a horrible example for the biggest european country to shirk the rules . 
  why does germany not have more seats ? 
  you realize 9 billion euros is a pitiful amount when you factor in the enormous size of the eu economy ? 
  i think i will survive somehow . 
  your points are so convincing by saying you know more than people and people who disagree are wrong . 
  you are adding nothing to the conversation so do n't bother showing up . 
  what makes you think the people that want the reef saved are responsible for oil spills or other examples ? 
  it sounds like you are lashing out at countries like they consist of one person in each one . 
  why should n't the reef be preserved ? 
  great counter point to show me how . 
  it was a political defeat . 
  politics and war are intertwined . 
  it worked out best . 
  it made china the bad guy and now vietnam is a big ally of usa . 
  let me see that agreement in writing . 
  i see how russia respects their promises when in writing like bucharest memo . 
  russia does n't get to decide foreign policy of foreign countries . 
  countries join willingly because they do n't want to be bullied by russia . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  even ukraine was invaded just because they wanted to trade with eu . 
  fucked over the environment how ? 
  there is plenty of planet left all over to live in and develop . 
  i just think wonders should be preserved and saved for future generations . 
  that goes for man made and natural . 
  who wants their own country to be the cultural equivalent of a strip mall ? 
  i am clearly not talking about him . 
  when all of us here are making comments , they pertain to the governments . 
  i know any individual has no way to control policy . 
  i mean that is just something that goes without saying . 
  it just seems very disgraceful and shortsighted . 
  i ca n't stop any of it . 
  i never said turn it into a theme park either . 
  i think historical sites and wonders should be preserved . 
  i find history fascinating myself . 
  and gdp is all that matters ? 
  maybe bulldoze the pyramids and put a parking lot in place of the eiffel tower ? 
  build a proper stadium where the colosseum is packed with box seats for extra revenue for roma ? 
  which makes no sense considering how much tourism and business that they can bring into the country . 
  they would then be loving usa so they could be wiser than everyone around them . 
  pretentious tin foil wearing twats . 
  i think that talk is absurd . 
  the russians i know in america are alright . 
  they certainly are n't barbarians or whatever . 
  the russian government though ... 
  it is n't doing russians any favors with public relations . 
  russian is n't a race . 
  it is at most an ethnic group if you discount all the other groups that live inside of russia . 
  even that is n't a race though . 
  i am pretty sure uk is the safest country in europe . 
  true progress will be when gypsies are looking down on another group with the rest of europe agreeing with them . 
  that supply never ends . 
  there are people here in usa that support putin based solely because they hate obama . 
  never underestimate the power of spite . 
  these same people consider usa to be a socialist/nazi government . 
  i could only imagine the complaints if they lived in russia . 
  who gives a shit about tickets ? 
  such complainers . 
  scumbag putin and the people that support him are just as bad . 
  complete failure of a country . 
  which still leaves them ineffective and not a threat to usa . 
  they ca n't openly operate anymore . 
  which comments would that be ? 
  i am advocating stronger sanctions that actually guts russian economy and building bases in eastern europe . 
  yeah , i 'm not the one that said afghanistan was comparable to vietnam or iraq . 
  afghanistan is now an ally of usa and the central government is no longer taliban . 
  osama was also killed along with lots of al qaeda leadership and their organization has been devastated . 
  afghanistan was their main base of operations . 
  that is n't the case anymore . 
  even with iraq i blame the local government more than usa . 
  usa ca n't force themselves to stay in iraq though otherwise it would be a literal invasion . 
  it bit them in the ass by not keeping usa to help with protection . 
  well , sanctions by their very nature affect both sides . 
  the russians depend on eu way more than eu depends on russia . 
  germany also made a concerted effort to increase trade with russia for a long time now . 
  whose fault is it that some countries put themselves in a situation where they need to depend so much on russia ? 
  russia has shown on multiple occasions that it uses gas as a weapon . 
  how is any of this surprising to anyone ? 
  you proposing that only sanctions that do n't affect anyone go into effect . 
  that just repeats my point that sanctions are nothing at this point . 
  russia has only increased their aggression with more time passing . 
  no , afghanistan is not like iraq . 
  iraq is having a civil war because of incompetent central government . 
  taliban is out of power . 
  that was the goal and now afghanistan ca n't be used as a major base of operations for al qaeda . 
  you ca n't eradicate taliban completely . 
  that would be like eradicating `` communism '' or some other group . 
  just impossible . 
  i do n't know how i feel about arming ukraine at this present moment , but i would like to see harsher sanctions implemented at a much faster pace . 
  in particular , sanctions that affect russian fuel companies . 
  something that hits russia where it seriously hurts and ruins their economy so they ca n't fund their invasion of ukraine and so russians see their economy crumple . 
  they should n't benefit from the occupation of crimea and further invasions and should see there are consequences that affect them . 
  my comment was a reference that germany has shut down attempts to have nato bases in eastern europe . 
  thanks for the geography lesson . 
  what does that have to do with germany stopping bases in nato countries ? 
  star wars ? 
  merkel flat out told poland and baltics she does n't want bases in eastern europe . 
  it was posted in / r/europe as well . 
  these sanctions have been weak and i sincerely doubt anything would have been done if that plane was n't shot down . 
  russia has only continued to escalate . 
  tell me again how successful these weak sanctions are .
