  housing is n't the only thing . 
  does that person not need to eat food or drink or have entertainment like any other person ? 
  just because they are born on the other side of the border does n't make them very different . 
  i know poles can make a very easy scapegoat . 
  but prices have to drop of people ca n't afford them . 
  otherwise they would n't be able to sell anything . 
  someone has to be buying them . 
  having more workers in a country also means more consumers and increased business and growth in the economy as well . 
  you ca n't simplify something that has so many different effects that are both positive and negative . 
  what is considered unfair competition ? 
  i liken it to bumper stickers . 
  you do n't notice the clean empty cars because the ones with stickers are such eyesores that grab your attention and they seem over represented in my head . 
  what an interesting group . 
  wtf , france ? 
  that is a bizarre and cruel way to insult germany . 
  still not west enough . 
  interesting . 
  i have n't seen usa ever bounce a check . 
  russia armed those rebels ams there was ethnic cleansing . 
  they are never a majority in the buffer zone until they forced people out through war . 
  just ignore the common denominator of russia keeping puppets all over the border for very obvious reasons . 
  he was shadow banned on a prior account . 
  pure conspiratard in action . 
  georgia retaliated . 
  russia should leave . 
  it is nothing but a russian puppet to form a buffer . 
  and thanks for more important han answer . 
  and people never call for cuts to nhs or schooling ? 
  you probably think greedo shot first too . 
  why did you have to change your name ? 
  did you run that past your jewish overlords , goy ? 
  there are small businesses everywhere . 
  yeah because that is unique to greece and usa . 
  check a mirror . 
  the poor pay higher rates based on income . 
  they are the worst possible tax . 
  consumption taxes reward hiding sales . 
  not everything is tanks . 
  there are also salaries . 
  cutting pay and workers can cause a contraction of the economy and lower tax revenue . 
  what is wrong with defense spending ? 
  there are lots of benefits . 
  outrageous is suggesting the norm should be the counties that refuse to spend what they promise to spend . 
  believe me , there is still a ton of tax evasion in the usa . 
  especially when it comes to business income . 
  so much goes uncollected . 
  ignorance of the law is never a defense . 
  sounds more like stopping 20km short . 
  well i am glad that germany makes quality exports . 
  i have a conflict of interest because i work for a german company though . 
  i think you deserve a bit more attention than that . 
  yes i agree with you . 
  nothing can be 100 % bad or good for a country . 
  but this is an instance that is overwhelmingly positive for germany and more so than any other large country . 
  obviously we have instances of tiny countries essentially stealing from the rest of eu by abusing tax laws and open borders as an example . 
  i do n't care about the bias , but at least make the article useful in some way . 
  as it stands , you can interpret it anyway you want . 
  just awful and sloppy . 
  the richer countries got richer especially germany with all of its exports . 
  a shared euro is a farce for the poor without meaningful fiscal transfers . 
  the eu is filled with fuck you got mine syndrome . 
  thank you . 
  lots gets lost in translation . 
  you really have no clue on what you are talking about . 
  buying in euro and exporting all over the world benefits germany . 
  having a poor southern europe has made germany richer . 
  that was my guess . 
  salary is always referenced as monthly ? 
  that amount is also over fifty times larger than one million in russia . 
  it is n't strange or impossible to earn a six figure income in the usa while being a law abiding resident . 
  that does n't quite narrow it down . 
  you ca n't go against all of them at once . 
  putin is n't capable of it . 
  his grasp of economics is horrible . 
  too busy being proud of invading ukraine and defending stalin over in / r/russia . 
  the guys all got together with their victim complex and decided the correct term is russophobic . 
  when you attack stalin or putin you literally discriminate and treat russians the world over with undeserved blind hatred . 
  one upsmug for you . 
  who considers themselves rich with just that much money ? 
  and i know of americans that rape children . 
  what is your point ? 
  that somehow means am entire country is labeled your way because you know someone that does ? 
  great anecdote . 
  africa is n't a country . 
  you can also criticize israel and not be racist . 
  americans criticize the government everywhere . 
  what are you yakking about ? 
  the comparison is n't even remotely close . 
  a country does n't need to be perfect to criticize russia of all places . 
  yeah i guess i misunderstood your statement . 
  you did say retirement income which possibly rules out actually working . 
  sorry about that . 
  that is n't true . 
  you receive less if you make too much while retired . 
  occupying georgia and allowing people to fire on georgia . 
  peace keepers my ass . 
  might as well call them vacationers . 
  so you you are being pedantic to where the same exact person has to be in charge since the 1980s for it to count ? 
  i did n't see that coming . 
  nothing has changed .
