  europe has more veto power than un . 
  three countries in europe with a veto . 
  the only reason they went to afghanistan was to get rid of taliban which was running camps for al qaeda . 
  he was in pakistan because he escaped from tora bora . 
  you are being willfully ignorant at this point . 
  how the hell can you be alive in europe and be clueless to genocide ? 
  rt is n't some whack job with a blog . 
  that is the official viewpoint of the russian government . 
  everything gets approved by them and they dictate the message . 
  why is it wrong to bring up russia 's viewpoints ? 
  it is n't some fringe weird view point . 
  it comes straight from the government in moscow . 
  france has been pushing for the eu to not take action in europe in response to russia . 
  i just told you i does n't care about iraq . 
  i never said any country had to lick any boots . 
  i would say germany is also guilty of same thing . 
  i do n't consider surrender monkeys a `` usa '' joke . 
  that exists across europe as well . 
  no one is making fun of actual dead soldiers . 
  that is like making fun of italy being inept and switching sides multiple times . 
  no one is making fun of actual individual dead soldiers . 
  you are right though and i am wrong to give so much weight to a percentage of france when usa has share of completely humiliating politicians themselves , so sorry for that . 
  i enjoy pictures of a flight of stairs as the highest point . 
  the range of pictures go from beautiful to comical . 
  sorry , i went on a tangent there comparing saudi arabia with iran . 
  russia is a bigger threat in my mind because russia shows time and time again that they think they are a super power and the rest of the world is just in denial . 
  they have invaded multiple countries while iran has n't . 
  russia is also waging war right in the middle of europe . 
  who is making fun of dead soldiers ? 
  isis would exist no matter what europe or usa would do . 
  i think jokes about surrendering in wwii are different than choosing positions based on being the opposite of whatever usa is doing . 
  it is ridiculous especially when the usa position is in the best interests of eu as a whole as well . 
  i am honestly not aware of any positions that usa has that hurt their closest allies . 
  the usa = russia bullshit really gets old too . 
  you ca n't trust what usa and eu says in the middle east . 
  they did n't say a word about crack downs in bahrain by saudi arabia but celebrated it happening in libya and syria for political reasons and stayed neutral in egypt because it was an ally . 
  saudi arabia funnels money towards wahhabi extremism and nothing critical is ever said publicly because they are on the right side . 
  who says that iran is the biggest sponsor ? 
  i would say saudi arabia is the biggest problem in the region . 
  i also would consider iran 's perspective to be legitimate considering out of iran and usa i would consider usa to be the aggressor . 
  nukes are also the only way to guarantee usa does n't invade depending on any given election cycle . 
  and they have no one to blame but themselves . 
  they were a superpower and have unlimited resources . 
  instead of developing industry they invade countries and ca n't build anything at home preferring instead to blow money on their military and setting up puppet governments all over their border . 
  i only hope finland as a whole wises up and joins . 
  same for sweden . 
  but again , i would only want voluntary participation from any country . 
  do n't over think it . 
  i meant if they are speaking , they are lying . 
  when does usa invade and annex land ? 
  iraq is a free country and that was usa 's biggest blunder . 
  where is usa invading countries and lying about it ? 
  yeah literally the same countries . 
  just ask eastern europe how they are the same . 
  great perspective . 
  so there is n't an anti-usa element among french politicians ? 
  could have fooled me . 
  i do n't care that france did n't join in iraq . 
  i did n't think the iraq invasion was a good choice for resources and timing but thought it was justified for reasons other than wmd . 
  usa did n't create isis . 
  usa policy in south america is a cluster fuck that i am not going to defend . 
  defending ukraine invasion is comical . 
  that reasoning defends selling weapons to russia as they invade poland if they do it in 1998 . 
  yeah i guess usa made kuwait be invaded and caused genocide in europe . 
  and somalia was a shit hole because of usa . 
  and usa was n't attacked on 9-11 by afghanistan who harbored leadership and training facilities for the express purpose of attacking usa and europe !, 
  haiti is also a permanent shit hole that goes back to european colonial times . 
  libya was un and europe pushed usa to join . 
  mature , maybe . 
  straw man bullshit while defending russia annexation , absolutely . 
  clearly usa is the biggest threat on the planet . 
  just look at how awful it is to live in europe under the thumb of usa . 
  thank stalin that russia is liberating their slavic brothers from fascism . 
  haha . 
  ok . that is such a ridiculous notion i do n't even know where to begin . 
  russia could n't even field an army without usa . 
  putin could be standing on a t-90 in the center of kiev and you still would n't accept any evidence of russian wrongdoing because you are too busy beating your dick to ussr 2.0 . 
  they literally invaded crimea . 
  ask any russian . 
  they literally saved the planet by invading poland with their best bud , hitler . 
  without natural resources for norway ? 
  holy shit !, 
  russia has tons of natural resources . 
  the biggest weakness russia has as a nation is that it is populated by russians . 
  still developing ? 
  why should a large european power that was a literal superpower be `` developing '' and have unlimited funds for military spending at the same time ? 
  you might be trying to buy weed . 
  national security is at stash stake . 
  it is n't because they are russian , it is because their lips are moving . 
  the west has genuinely given reasons to piss off iran . 
  usa being the main culprit . 
  talk about hypocrisy . 
  russian complaining about afghanistan ? 
  good stuff . 
  at least afghanistan actually attacked usa unlike russia 's case . 
  reality has an anti-russia bias for the past century . 
  it just is n't fair . 
  thankfully rt exists to give a fair opposing viewpoint to reality . 
  yeah i am sure spain is going to invade mexico any day now for historical reasons . 
  state the eight times you are bitching about unless you are currently jerking off to pictures of stalin genociding ukrainians .
