  yes and now russians can barely afford to eat . 
  what a super power . 
  a giant chunk of the world has much higher living standards . 
  poland has a stronger economy . 
  superpower status is reserved for economies that are n't glorified gas stations run by dictators with inferiority complex . 
  seriously ? 
  they are obviously speaking for their own people . 
  it is n't like australia speaking up with demands . 
  yes , ussr invading ukraine right now is because of usa . 
  edit : russia . 
  i get those confused lately . 
  how is it a threat if they own their own remote storage ? 
  that works perfect for my investments . 
  up and down creates more profit anyway . 
  i do think austerity is awful though for general public . 
  it lowers demand and can lead to deflation spirals . 
  what 's not to love about poland ? 
  i was very happy to see them join nato . 
  about time for them to not worry about occupation . 
  their geography is awful strategically . 
  fuck that . 
  you think china is n't big enough as is ? 
  siberia too ? 
  russia needs to stay intact . 
  thank you very much . 
  i had the band saved on my phone and the city fixed itself . 
  i imagine that makes it worse . 
  speaking about russia , there is no good context for the word gay . 
  this is n't winter war anymore . 
  finland would get wrecked . 
  tech is a whole new world now . 
  why is lisbon a strategic target ? 
  worried about the fortified castles ? 
  with what ? 
  their joke navy ? 
  they can barely even operate in the north and have the us navy and air force to contend with where they do n't have to worry about eu pandering . 
  canada is very aggressive against russia as well . 
  no chance norway is going to let russia bully them either . 
  there is zero chance it was n't planned ahead of time to strike at immediate opportunity of weakness . 
  `` wonder '' . 
  no worries . 
  russia is a big stickler with international law . 
  stimulus spending works fine in the usa . 
  haha . 
  thanks . 
  i think they would prefer putin alone versus the armies though . 
  yeah every single instance was a failure because theory was n't used . 
  fucking shocking that nirvana does n't translate from paper . 
  how is public education not socialist ? 
  how is public pensions and healthcare not socialist ? 
  how is public disability not socialist ? 
  how is state regulated monopoly companies not socialist ? 
  how is mandated unemployment benefits not socialist ? 
  news flash : some countries are more socialist than others . 
  did i say who had to own it ? 
  why is the nsa the threat versus russian government goon squads killing you ? 
  i mean armies . 
  there is aircraft stationed in the baltics . 
  officially annexing it would cause more issues . 
  as it stands now , it is a `` conflict '' . 
  that would cause a lot more problems than it is worth i would imagine for turkey . 
  in what context could that conversation appear good ? 
  why would you blow gas pipes in your own country ? 
  you can take gas without paying for it . 
  russia has trouble with ukraine , they sure ca n't take on western military . 
  arrive ? 
  do you think the americans in rammstein are all on vacation ? 
  this is why you use cloud storage . 
  you ca n't mug servers outside of the country . 
  there is no discrimination . 
  they have zero qualms about murdering their own . 
  where do you get the impression that there is no socialism in western europe ? 
  there is socialism in usa for crying out loud . 
  every incarnation of communism has failed . 
  it is n't a coincidence . 
  they had opportunities all over the world with a wide range of countries . 
  it has been a spectacular failure . 
  oh , i 'm sure that would go over really well . 
  how delusional are you ? 
  you think the richest countries in the world are in `` crisis '' and need communism to make it better ? 
  where is communism successful at giving people a better quality of life compared to western europe ? 
  never bet against stupid . 
  but i thought russia championed democracy and self determination and everyone in crimea loves them ? 
  nah , anywhere on the planet that has had a russian there is automatically rufed expansion lands . 
  other groups are just squatting . 
  brooklyn , you 're next . 
  hahahaha, 
  what makes you so sure ? 
  i thought it was split right down the middle . 
  ca n't read ? 
  well , i do n't have a problems with muslims simply for being muslims . 
  i have a problem with the government these particular muslims from turkey prefer . 
  stake . 
  burnt at the stake . 
  steaks are made from vacas . 
  does n't change the fact that turkey is occupying the island . 
  did you just emerge from a time capsule ? 
  ataturk left a long time ago . 
  could n't agree more . 
  a military intervention was in theory justified .
