  it does n't change anything either way . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  i am just showing you that conscripted armies are not inferior by default or somehow antiquated either . 
  they absolutely do exist and they are proven to work . 
  the example is from a modern democracy and not some third world dictatorship . 
  the point was that a military absolutely can be effective with conscripts . 
  i never said france was literally israel . 
  yeah , seriously , literal decades and we are worried about treating them like a regular person versus a breeding vessel . 
  i think we have different definitions of very small window . 
  eh , usa would n't care about neutrality since austria is not neutral anyway . 
  russia will protest because that is what they do if it benefits anything in eu . 
  stronger germany is bad for them . 
  of course and it would be very entertaining to watch from the sidelines . 
  i would love to see the reaction to creating that poll . 
  i would like to visit more myself but vacation time sucks over here . 
  yeah it is more in absolute numbers since it is much larger population wise . 
  not in per capita though as shown there . 
  areas can bitch . 
  what do you think is represented by politicians ? 
  areas of populations . 
  they are voting certain positions and they say certain things . 
  all of which i summarized . 
  regardless , cities normally end up donating money to rural conservative areas even though those are the areas that bitch the most about paying any taxes . 
  i forgot which area you were from . 
  no one is as bad as nyc though when it comes to giving away money and getting any back . 
  the state in general has given away hundreds of billions over the years amd it never ends . 
  it goes over a trillion once you start going back decades . 
  usa can annihilate any military in the world while still defending their positions around the world . 
  it would never reach full scale mobilization much less nukes . 
  the level of power that the usa has combined with allies is unprecedented relative to the rest of the world . 
  even the british empire never had that much uncontested power with lack of rivals and ability to bring war to any spot on earth in a matter of weeks and strike within hours . 
  they are essentially the same . 
  pensions do n't win wars . 
  the swiss . 
  any visits i have had to europe have been completely filled with people treating me positively . 
  found the new yorker . 
  well , sure , but it would never reach nukes anyway . 
  no one abandons their military in place of nukes . 
  it was an example . 
  fine , taiwan , because of the usa backing them , even though china wants to for decades . 
  maybe ? 
  but having a powerful army is a huge deterrent . 
  no one is going to invade the usa and it is n't because they will nuke them . 
  nuclear weapons do n't stop wars by themselves though . 
  no shit . 
  i am simply stating what would have prevented it . 
  it is also what prevented europe getting steamrolled in the cold war and forced diplomacy from ussr versus invasions . 
  the point of the military is n't necessarily to go to war . 
  i am saying if ukraine was stronger russia would have been deterred from trying an invasion because it would cost way too much politically and economically along with lives . 
  simple , a big army kept them honest in germany during cold war . 
  a big army would have kept them out of ukraine and georgia and would kick them out of moldova . 
  the point of military is being ready to always use it which prevents you from having to . 
  not having a military causes more war . 
  they do n't need to invade germany . 
  they work the edges and weaken the eu politically in the meantime because their main rival is eu not the usa . 
  eu has a much bigger effect on russia economically and politically versus the usa . 
  the last thing they need is a strong eu . 
  that is why they invaded ukraine multiple times . 
  they take full advantage of funding opposition parties and `` protecting russians '' around europe . 
  lol, 
  so much stupid bait . 
  the same country that has invaded and occupied countries nearby several times over since the fall of ussr . 
  too cheap to have dignity . 
  there is a reason for the revolt . 
  no one needs to be paid to get sick of russia 's shit . 
  still going strong with the first occupation . 
  amazing what happens when russia does russian things if you dare to not be a puppet . 
  changes opinions very quickly . 
  it is absurd to treat ukrainians like mindless drones that are n't able to make their own decisions . 
  it is n't hard choice to be against russia . 
  the only convincing that is needed is sharing a border usually and witnessing how they treat `` friends '' on a regular basis . 
  a drop in the bucket over two plus decades you mean ? 
  what the fuck makes you think their eastern neighbor was n't meddling and using influence during those decades ? 
  ronald reagan knew and he could n't remember which shoe was left versus right by late 80s . 
  just noticed the sahara is a migrant too . 
  surprised they do n't have cancer too while they are at it . 
  and i honestly think that is a good system even though it is n't a `` free '' market . 
  i think believe in extremes and the policy makes sense . 
  i do n't really believe saying something is n't pure capitalism is a valid criticism anyway . 
  the usa has farm subsidies as well and their farming industry could very easily produce way more if it so desired . 
  what i do n't understand is how fucked up russia is with how it supports its industry . 
  it just comes off as a big fuck you to its citizens . 
  what is wrong with trading food ? 
  you still maintain agriculture at home and it is n't like you are going to be blockaded or sanctioned . 
  nato ? 
  its senses . 
  i meant for people . 
  obviously ships could be used for supplies . 
  is flying through that big of a deal ? 
  4000 miles through the arctic ? 
  why ? 
  it is n't that far from moscow . 
  there would be definite motivation . 
  granted it might bankrupt them doing it . 
  of course alaska has lots of resources too . 
  i do n't even want to think of that nightmare . 
  because you are talking about it like it is the country as a whole when you are applying local taxes very specific to ny . 
  and why would n't you tax someone who is well past top 10 % of income earners high ? 
  you honestly think a single person earning 600k is n't rich ? 
  ny has high taxes but people choose to live there because they are n't going to make those incomes in florida .
