  man you have the whole world figured out . 
  super deep stuff . 
  my mind is blown . 
  crimea had the chance to vote just like the rest of the country . 
  you do n't break apart countries every time there is a bad politician . 
  and he fled . 
  not much choice but to replace him . 
  you do n't get to hold power while doing illegal activities . 
  you get charged unless you flee to another country . 
  yes well i left college long ago and i do n't spend too much time talking to the people running cash registers when i am running errands , so i do n't contact these types often . 
  he was elected to take eu deal and changed last second like a good putin puppet . 
  people flipped the fuck out and then he had them killed when they would n't go away . 
  is that a normal government to you ? 
  thank you . 
  it is hard to find out about these people since they do n't get much attention in outside press . 
  the amount of mass rape by soviet soldiers was absurd compared to everyone else on the allies side . 
  yeah , dude , those poor nazis were bullied by evil america . 
  fucking trolls literally side with nazis because of their obsession with thinking usa is the root of every wrong in their lives and the world . 
  germany , japan , and south korea seem pretty good to me . 
  this is why you need pipeline from qatar to eu . 
  then why does he go to the trouble of not having free elections . 
  the elections are a fraud and he uses state press to control opinions and the courts to imprison competition . 
  you think that is a free society not under the rule of a de facto dictator ? 
  even saddam had elections . 
  sure thing , ivan . 
  i did n't realize russia was a meritocracy and putin definitely is n't a dictator . 
  thanks for filling us in . 
  you ca n't belong to eu and expect to follow rules piecemeal . 
  it is a package deal . 
  worse than hitler . 
  got it . 
  who is milonov if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  it is not prejudice to call alex jones a nut job . 
  he is one . 
  do `` coups '' normally maintain all the prior politicians of parliament and call for elections immediately after ? 
  i did n't realize governments were just supposed to attack and murder protesters like it is a normal thing like in ukraine and syria . 
  ukraine was nothing but a puppet for putin and the people had enough . 
  great job ignoring that ukraine president was a liar and a criminal and that people openly wanted to trade with the largest economy in the world that is on their doorstep . 
  how dare they want to have better lives . 
  even better is that it is all usa brainwashing and using alex jones for proof . 
  must be a conspiracy that it is so easy to turn people against russia all over the world . 
  definitely not because of russia 's actions themselves , right ? 
  you mean criminal ? 
  so blitzkrieg after every election in europe to liberate the people ? 
  usa had actively taken steps to prop up the euro throughout its history . 
  usa has always been a staunch ally of the eu . 
  mexico is very fucked up and it is n't the usa 's doing . 
  well other than being a market for drugs and illegal immigration . 
  i would rather deal with daesh than mexican cartels . 
  why would the price be the same ? 
  competition lowers price . 
  want to cut in line ? 
  thank you for clarifying this . 
  pretty sure ukraine would love a tank embargo, 
  you realize russia has a lot more going for it than those countries under it . 
  their income is pitiful and it is due to horrible leadership . 
  putin does not fix oligarchy . 
  he is one . 
  what makes you think russia is not an oligarchy now ? 
  russia has the same issues ukraine does . 
  i think ukraine is in worse shape though . 
  china is not an enemy of usa . 
  they are rivals for sure . 
  care to explain what i said about trade numbers ? 
  all those countries do far more trade with usa . 
  i do not care about powerful people lists . 
  that just shows how much of a dictatorship russia is . 
  that does not mean russia is powerful in itself . 
  russia 's military has no projection capabilities either . 
  they ca n't do anything outside of eastern europe along the border and they are countered easily by nato . 
  syria is their lone overseas base and their navy has no projection capabilities . 
  you keep clutching to military power but economics and soft power is what matters . 
  russia is a gas station compared to the economic powerhouse that is china . 
  india , brazil , and china are all more relevant economically . 
  any country can easily choose to upgrade their military spending to the large degree russia does . 
  russia at times spends more than the usa . 
  it is not easy to increase your economy on the other hand or putin would have done it ages ago . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage tell me more about how well off belarus is . 
  i can make in a few days what someone in belarus needs a month to earn . 
  those countries you listed are better off and have a better future ahead . 
  i agree ukraine has had problems for decades . 
  however aligning with west can help that . 
  you can not deny the massive corruption issues that are part of the culture of eastern europe . 
  part of joining eu is taking measures to lessen corruption which benefits everyone . 
  how do you claim china , brazil , and india to be russian allies ? 
  china for starters has much closer ties to the usa . 
  an alliance means mutual defense and coming to each other 's aid in any economic or military situation . 
  doing business with some random countries does not make them allies . 
  i guarantee every one of those countries does more trade with western countries than the small economy of russia . 
  china is especially laughable because they have way more power and influence than russia could ever dream of having . 
  china looks after china . 
  not every insult is ad hom . 
  you must have a really weird european map . 
  i would not classify vietnam as an intervention based on human rights abuses . 
  it was about stopping communism . 
  pretty sure vietnam was just about supporting a side of a civil war , so i would not mention that one . 
  no one looted russia other than russians . 
  no need to play victim . 
  nothing has changed in that regard other than the people doing the looting today . 
  the west is not responsible for forcing rule of law on a mafia state .
