  how many times are you going to make wild tangents ? 
  how is bin laden killed not a good thing ? 
  how is obama exactly like bush ? 
  there is a massive difference from iraq and afghanistan versus limited air strikes . 
  how about george washington since we are naming people that have nothing to do with control of the currency ? 
  i do n't even understand what you said . 
  what the fuck does obama have to do with controlling who russia invades ? 
  sorry , but ukrainians are n't robots that some foreign country flips a switch and causes mass riots and forces the prime minister to order people beaten and killed for daring to protest his bullshit . 
  ukrainians had every reason to protest . 
  so we are clear , how are americans in danger now because of obama and what does this have to do with green men ? 
  when did obama lead two wars into countries and did this happen when i was n't looking ? 
  what exactly did obama do wrong with ukraine that literally defines his 8 years and legacy ? 
  let me know how he is a black bush . 
  well good thing . 
  it would be impressive to be a bigger hawk than bush . 
  only one of those wars was justified and to invade three new countries when not fully out of two others would be insanity . 
  you forgot he is n't white as well . 
  iraq was not good business . 
  it would be cheaper and more efficient to just hand the companies crates of cash for free . 
  usa also does n't control iraq business as evidenced by contracts from europe and china . 
  well do n't defend yourself . 
  you do n't want to burn your bridges with me . 
  are you fucking kidding me with burning bridges with russia ? 
  who can blame the other party when russia is the one being aggressive and giving zero fucks as usual ? 
  what a fucking joke you are with the white people are evil . 
  i love how you lump people into generic groups of brown and white like an idiot . 
  not really a double standard to care more about what happens in your backyard and the actions of your literal neighbor versus others . 
  that is just being realistic . 
  i was not correcting you by the way . 
  i simply was not sure and asking . 
  you are embarrassing yourself with ignorance . 
  that is a tiny minority and you know it . 
  what mandate ? 
  does n't matter how much of it is the total gdp when the government has as much control of russia as it does ams gets most of its funding from resources . 
  how are haters in ruins ? 
  haters are living much better lives . 
  you also did n't prove anything with your america fights weaker enemies . 
  it is literally impossible for america to fight anyone that is as strong as them because that enemy does n't exist . 
  that also is n't relevant to the conversation . 
  stop comparing russia to the usa . 
  russia is nowhere close to america 's level on anything important . 
  you completely avoided commenting on why currency is crashing and why russia is so much poorer than eu when putin tries to come off like this great leader and russia is so stronk . 
  would n't a great power be able to provide a quality of life that matches tiny poor countries in europe versus crippling suicidal alcoholic depressed lives that exist now ? 
  last i checked , people ca n't eat or pay bills with pride over invading and bullying neighbors . 
  how can usa pick a fight with someone stronger than it ? 
  should it find an alien force to go to war with it ? 
  tell me how russia is doing well ? 
  their economy is completely dependent on oil even with a dictator in power for almost two decades doing anything he wants to change that . 
  the country gets robbed blind by oligarchs and it is still poorer than most of europe even when literally sitting on top of money . 
  it continues to become more isolated and russians continue to live depressed , suicidal , alcoholic lives that last as long as the lives of people in africa . 
  this is what life in a major power is supposed to be like with a great leader ? 
  wow , that is so impressive . 
  maybe we should start referring to putin as putin the great . 
  i wonder how come life is somehow better in tiny resourceless countries like estonia literally right next door . 
  because it ca n't win against someone that is so much stronger . 
  russia is literally killing ukrainians with their military forces and annexing their land and helping to occupy other parts of it . 
  how is that not a war ? 
  just because russia only picks fights against the weakest countries does n't mean they are n't wars . 
  when countries life turkey openly kill russians , russia sings a completely different tune . 
  they are a bully and a economy that is essentially a resource colony for europe and china . 
  their leadership is a complete failure and proves as much time and time again . 
  who is creating conspiracy theories ? 
  if anything the conspiracy theories come from russian supporters when they are n't asking for proof for everything under the sun . 
  a nice example is russian media lying about ukrainian su-25 attacking the civilian airliner . 
  again , no one is surprised by russian aggression . 
  people just find it amusing when russia complains about western conspiracy when the world is rightly reacting and isolating russia and their regressive government that lashes out at neighbors with regularity . 
  sorry , but no one buys attacking weak neighbors with invasions as a `` defensive '' maneuver . 
  i am not sure what you are getting at with this comment to be honest . 
  are you saying you expect russia to react violently against neighbors that choose to not be close to them ? 
  i think almost everyone does since they keep on doing it for decades no matter who is in charge . 
  i also expect them to keep getting more and more isolated and fucked over the longer they keep doing it , but their leadership apparently ca n't think of any other options . 
  it is a choice of each country and does not happen overnight . 
  such as what ? 
  money is the biggest factor on what improves life . 
  you need money to improve everything else . 
  the massive amount of alcoholism , suicide , and short life spans kind of make it hard to characterize life as being good in spite of less money . 
  life most certainly is n't better under authoritarian rule either . 
  i could see someone making a personal choice on which country they like living in the most if it was another western country compared to the usa since it is a matter of opinion when things are close . 
  that is n't the case with russia though . 
  life is russia should be much much better than what it is now . 
  i am telling you that the poor in the usa absolutely do n't live like the poor in russia . 
  that is n't opinion , that is a fact . 
  there are lots of benefits for the poor in the usa and there is a ridiculous notion that the poor receive nothing here . 
  there are many programs for the poor that give them housing food education healthcare and lump sums of money . 
  that does n't mean i would prefer being poor or that they live like the rich , but that is n't the case anywhere . 
  ok , well all of these words are relative and have no objective meaning . 
  i did n't know your personal scale , but now i do . 
  i consider russia a lot better than third world countries , but i figured that would go without saying . 
   i agree with you that usa is better country for living than russia - but far better ? 
  there would have been more rule of law in ukraine if russia was n't sending their military in it and going to war against them . 
  how are you going to tell me russia is close to the usa in terms of living standards . 
  there is absolutely no comparison . 
  usa has far better living standards by every last metric . 
  there are countries in africa where people manage to live longer than in russia . 
  russia also has a crashing currency and russians are broke as shit with only a few hundred people owning almost all of the wealth in the nation . 
  i wo n't even get into what life is like in russia if you make the mistake of being against the government or , even worse , being gay . 
  even small countries with no resources inside of the eu have far better living standards than a supposed major power that is full of resources . 
  russia and russians in general should be some of the richest in europe instead of one of the brokest . 
  i love whenever brics gets mentioned . 
  who do you consider russia 's closest allies ?
