  that is n't anything new . 
  laws get challenged all the time regardless . 
  all that showed was ontario used it as an excuse to back out of legislation . 
  how is that different from what lobbyists do today ? 
  texas does n't have the right to leave . 
  what does it matter when a program was created ? 
  the point is that there are socialist programs throughout the usa and canada and eu nations . 
  i can go right now and travel up to canada and be treated in their health care system . 
  nafta did n't destroy that . 
  your comments are very sensationalist . 
  i never realized it was pronounced like a `` w '' . 
  the spelling in english threw me off . 
  thank you . 
  i always like learning things about different languages . 
  i like it when this sub has random moments of everyone commenting in their native languages and english . 
  what the fuck ? 
  who needs sources to say social security exists ? 
  stop chasing chem trails . 
  you think usa has no experience with insurgency ? 
  what i said was n't a knock on finland either . 
  they just are severely outnumbered . 
  who says they would care about holding the entire country ? 
  holding a city would be much easier than random wilderness . 
  usa also held kabul . 
  they also were able to hold cities in iraq without much trouble . 
  you are mistaking usa 's attempt to get people to view them as liberators versus russia not giving a damn about who they kill . 
  what the hell experience does finland have ? 
  all those people that are alive and were fighting in the 1930s ? 
  i guess they are all generals now if they are still in a century later . 
  i do n't need id . 
  yes , you register ahead of time anytime you move so they can make sure you are in the right districts . 
  it is a one time deal . 
  most people have a driver 's license . 
  you need to keep your current address updated on your license and when you update , they will update your voter info automatically if you let them . 
  none . 
  it was a joke referencing the disaster of the 2000 elections where bush was given the presidency that he very likely did n't win in the first place . 
  his brother was governor of the state and the supreme court made a insanely controversial decision to not even check who won . 
  of course not , but owning a house is moving out , not a temporary holiday . 
  when i move around the usa , i do n't get to vote for states i do n't live in . 
  the way it was done seems like the most fair option out of all the imperfect choices . 
  what would you consider ending up like stalin ? 
  the milosevic option is kind of self explanatory . 
  i would imagine madrid would crack down so hard , you 'd think franco came back from the grave . 
  well , they decided to leave in the first place . 
  the people that have the most at stake are the ones living inside of it . 
  otherwise you would have all of uk voting and then they would be angry for other reasons . 
  that 's how it goes in usa as well . 
  people ca n't be bothered to vote , they definitely are n't going to the trouble of voting for others on top of it . 
  if there are any issues , the us supreme court does a masterful job when dealing with recounts . 
  i would defer to them . 
  nothing stopping you from starting your own . 
  how so ? 
  the usa has manageable debt levels and the economy is doing actually pretty well . 
  what do you mean they are n't `` producing '' . 
  if anything the middle class has a shit ton of complaining to do since their wages are n't really raising by much , but productivity is through the roof for awhile . 
  watch out , russia . 
  the commonwealth is coming for moscow again . 
  edit : they might make a pit stop to liberate minsk and get prussia back in line first . 
  russians are getting liberated . 
  kielbasa for everyone . 
  let putin know these things then . 
  he is the one having people in the baltics harassed for refusing to help russians kill their neighbors when they declared independence . 
  he is also the one that talks about former soviet republics like they are n't actual real countries today and that russia still owns them . 
  oh , ca n't forget abducting people in the baltics on `` russian soil '' . 
  turkey at least does n't pretend to own the balkans today . 
  you are describing communism . 
  nothing is absolute . 
  who the hell is talking about obama and communism ? 
  europe is more socialist in general than usa . 
  why is any of this shocking ? 
  social security sure as shit is n't capitalist . 
  i mean jesus , how the hell can public schools or public utilities not be described as socialist ? 
  where is usa annexing land . 
  putin can take full credit for his actions . 
  usa has nothing to do with it . 
  usa does n't reference russia as excuses for their actions . 
  whataboutism and lies automatically announces you are wrong . 
  because it ca n't and it wo n't . 
  i also have no freaking clue what you are trying to get at with your analogy to the constitution . 
  all of it applies . 
  all of those things i mentioned are alive in the usa . 
  all of them . 
  nafta did n't get rid of healthcare inside of canada . 
  this is fear mongering . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  at least healthcare costs are low there since everyone drops dead at 60 and ca n't afford to be obese . 
  i forgot about aral . 
  amazing when you can see fuck ups from space . 
  and of course the neighboring countries ca n't do a damn thing about it . 
  i would like to go too . 
  i do n't think even putin can somehow ruin siberian forests . 
  i know some russians and they are all pretty cool . 
  anyone that leaves that shithole government obviously is n't a fan . 
  long term ? 
  germany cut in half ? 
  they got half back and are now one of the strongest economies on the planet with huge influence and lots of strong allies . 
  russia was cut into countless countries and they will never get any of those countries back . 
  hundreds of years of conquest evaporate in months . 
  1991 , best year ever . 
  do russians not have anything else to talk about besides nazis while waiting in bread lines ?
