  why is it kosher for russia to do massive trade with eu but invaded any country they consider a vassal that does the same ? 
  if russia does n't like it , they should just bribe ukraine with more and more until they think russia had more to offer . 
  simple . 
  no invasions ate justified . 
  ukrainians are entitled to decent lives like rest of europe . 
  thanks for the term . 
  my favorite comments on this sub are the guys that wrote out comments in multiple languages . 
  let 's me practice . 
  on principle there is no way i would ever acknowledge russia as a super power after 1980s . 
  china is semantics and i think they are on their way . 
  yes nato would matter because then you can protect yourself better against russian hostility . 
  russia bullies who they can . 
  hahaha . 
  yes go to portugal for the employment prospects . 
  haha . 
  i will watch with popcorn from here as germany and rest of europe fucks over france and uk instead of usa . 
  why should we pay taxes ? 
  no one will attack us . 
  uk and france have nukes and army . 
  he will hate whatever stops him . 
  he hates ukraine now . 
  they were the same country only decades before . 
  appeasing him stops nothing . 
  you going to break all relationships with usa ? 
  russia is killing ukrainians as a way to show power and strength and being relevant super power as a proxy attack against usa will happen no matter what . 
  in that case disband all military . 
  ultimate under dog . 
  as if putin lacks ways to push propaganda . 
  yes because russia is very nuanced with their use of declaring people and governments fascist . 
  this is what made me click . 
  do you work in marketing ? 
  this is why i come here . 
  if things got dire , it would n't matter . 
  look , i am not defending usa like it is utopia . 
  i know usa did some real fucked up shit during cold war for instance especially in latin america . 
  i just think it is absurd for you to think americans spend their days concerned that there might be a part of the world that does n't consider obama the one true emperor or something . 
  if the topic is usa for instance and it is n't just bullshit deflection about russia i will gladly talk about it . 
  i just do n't play what about games and that ploy seems to be pulled non stop . 
  i would find it just as ridiculous if someone was excusing bad behavior by usa by saying at least it is n't russia or some other type of bullshit . 
  they should n't take blows . 
  they should defend themselves best way they can . 
  i never said america can do no wrong . 
  i never said over reacting is a good thing either . 
  yes , because balkan wars are supposed to define any government that is n't communism ? 
  keep your fantasies to yourself . 
  you are sick in the head . 
  must be nice to be tatar . 
  you have most of your people ethnically cleansed and then the land all of a sudden is russian and we need to give what the people want so naturally it has to belong to russia . 
  it is a whole other world . 
  you could fly over ten countries in that distance . 
  merkel was right to try diplomacy first . 
  it would be disgraceful to jump to war if diplomacy was able to save bloodshed . 
  continuing to play along with the bullshit though would also be disgraceful . 
  carrots never work without sticks to complement them . 
  they are trying to join the rest of europe one piece of land at a time . 
  always a good joke . 
  both are bad and should n't exist in either extreme . 
  although i do n't think you can really have degrees of communism , but i am not really sure . 
  capitalism is moderated and used throughout pretty much the entire world including by communist governments . 
  good lord , i could only imagine turkey and greece as one country . 
  not enough popcorn in the world . 
  no , the biggest country in the world desperately needs the biggest country in europe in order to feel safe . 
  what is the issue ? 
  nazis , juntas , and cia are everywhere . 
  please tell me you are joking around . 
  and hurricanes are just wind . 
  all the death and damage that follows it is just bad luck . 
  well , i 'm sure it is nice and easy to live in fantasy land of theory . 
  i love how you dismiss the people that had to actually live under it and see the effects first hand . 
  yes , all the bad stuff that comes with communist rule is just a weird coincidence all over the world . 
  what do you call ethnic cleansing and shipping people to gulags in siberia until they died off ? 
  sounds pretty reasonable on your end . 
  i think things would have been extremely blurred back then considering how recently the ussr had collapsed . 
  yes , sorry , my comment came off like i was implying you said that . 
  was n't my intention . 
  this really puts things into perspective at the nonsense that is constantly being pushed by texas government for schools . 
  you have no freaking idea how ridiculous jordans are over here . 
  people can get killed over them . 
  does mtv in hungary actually play music ? 
  what is `` western '' about wanting to have a comfortable life ? 
  is life somehow more meaningful when you ca n't pay bills or buy anything ? 
  and you do n't think russia would be involved at all ? 
   in moscow , russian president boris n. yeltsin said he had warned kravchuk not to resort to force against crimea . 
  this is the russia that had already been involved in georgia and moldova right around the same time and have not left in 2014 . 
  or pretty much anyone of these areas . 
  quite the highlight reel of places no one in their right mind would want to live in . 
  if i was ukrainian , i would have been dead or in jail already and with an exploded pipeline to show for it . 
  no way would i allow russia to invade my country and literally get their funding for the war they lie about come right through my home . 
  i am honestly shocked that this has n't happened yet , especially when the eu and usa just hem and haw and make clear they do n't give a shit about ukraine . 
  nothing like a politician that turn a deadly crisis into a way to pump up the ego . 
  would n't any free areas pretty much become china short of getting protection from usa or eu ? 
  russia breaking up would just lead to naked land grabs from china i think . 
  i honestly would just prefer russia to have a decent government and treat the people better and have normal relations with neighbors . 
  chances of any country ever giving away their nukes after ukraine : zero . 
  also , lessons learned from iraq and north korea is you can be a dickhead to your people and break treaties all you want so long as you have nukes . 
  saddam and his family gets killed by his people while kim dynasty lives on . 
  you know , billions of dollars in suitcases handed out by cia to spread nazi juntas all over siberia . 
  americans shit on america like it is national sport . 
  i think there is a thing such as american nationalism . 
  it revolves around xenophobia and keeping hispanics out of the country .
