  sorry your statement seemed more sweeping . 
  i wo n't argue that . 
  i do n't see what the difference is in the scheme of things . 
  uk has the money sitting around . 
  uk has a huge economy . 
  they have spent tens of billions to prop up currency and spent tens of billions to prop up companies from emergency funds . 
  these sanctions have been minimal as well . 
  i still would love to know what countries that matter are actively supporting russia as a strong ally . 
  we all know the strong network maintained by eu in comparison . 
  somalia attacks everyone . 
  if they ca n't control their borders others will . 
  this is n't racism . 
  russia has a falling ruble because of no trade . 
  only the ruble is falling . 
  the dollar is n't rising at the speed the ruble is falling . 
  all time low for russia and just gets worse even after russia attempts to bail it out . 
  political uncertainty would not be an issue if russia had massive world support . 
  all your excuses explain russia being isolated and claim otherwise . 
  going to a conference does n't mean those countries support you . 
  there are no countries that matter that are actively supporting russia . 
  please tell me what major countries have the back of russia ? 
  will you be there ? 
  sort of like the march in spb ? 
  no thanks . 
  let them kill each other instead of genocides for innocents . 
  forced into leaving london to join terrorists ? 
  interesting hypothesis . 
  uk is n't responsible for saving them from fellow terrorists . 
  why should brits risk lives to save terrorists ? 
  these scumbags grew up in uk . 
  they had all the privileges of growing up in one of the finest countries in the world . 
  what a noble ideal to leave the uk to kill based on religion including other muslims . 
  better blame jews for muslims killing muslims . 
  hard to recruit friends from the grave . 
  everything he does is hilarious . 
  that reasoning means uk needs to take over the world to guarantee proper justice is served . 
  outside your borders is n't your problem with uk enemies . 
  war is a bitch . 
  what if they ca n't put their hands up because their heads are already lopped off ? 
  russia is isolated . 
  otherwise their ruble would n't crash since they have so many powerful trade allies that would fix it . 
  what major allies does russia have ? 
  the only countries that support russia are a joke themselves . 
  tell me again what justifies finland being invaded on a regular basis ? 
  what the fuck are they doing ? 
  because people said that . 
  i would of course but that is politicians in every country . 
  i imagine leftists in russia are almost like the dodo . 
  not everyone gets to the big leagues of the tsa immediately . 
  there are developmental leagues . 
  all those stanley cups they rack up . 
   nobody has ever argued that he does n't know the rules . 
  i just proved that major media is blatantly lying about the topic . 
  that is true but the hope is adding things in future not removing more and more . 
  it is my understanding that only uk and denmark have exceptions and sweden is cheating . 
  also things get a little weird when island nations are involved . 
  uk really only borders one country and only partially . 
  most of uk has no borders at all . 
  well i am sure any tropical island looks amazing . 
  beautiful region . 
  of course there is negotiating . 
  otherwise what ? 
  usa declare war on china ? 
  the point is those countries need usa to protect them . 
  china has zero respect for countries unless they are stronger or equals . 
  they say this openly . 
  china creates all the usa allies in asia . 
  usa bombed the ever living shit out of vietnam and did n't pay the usual hundreds of billions to rebuild like usa does for all their other friends/bomb targets and vietnam still loves usa . 
  the idea that being a member while thinking one of the most major tenets of the union does n't apply is pretty absurd . 
  might as well try to negotiate uk internal eu tariffs while they are at it . 
  i wonder why germany did n't just opt out of treaty of versailles using your logic . 
  haha . 
  sorry that is hysterical for me to have russians treat putin like a living god hero and then other accuse him of working for usa . 
  telegraph article was posted here was claiming the whole country was caught blindsided and is being punished for doing better than eurozone . 
  pure garbage journalism packed with populist nonsense . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  how is that the equivalent to countries that are functioning and not attacking other countries ? 
  you compare finland to somalia ? 
  somalia regularly hosts pirates that attack people . 
  somalia has anarchy . 
  pathetic . 
  your account is a joke and you are n't even remotely objective . 
  it was probably austrian . 
  source ? 
  you think i would n't ask ? 
  i just wanted to see what you thought . 
  i agree press should have high standards . 
  maybe the bouy was operating on morse code with long and short based on bylat 's and cyka 's ? 
  never go full russian . 
  next you will be working www.zerohedge.com . 
  snap out of it . 
  tell me if you know of any other countries in europe that make violating borders their full time job . 
  i do n't recall anywhere in any of my comments saying to nuke any country . 
  sorry , i meant exception as in an exception to the zone in general by not joining euro . 
  what do you mean follow russian media example ? 
  sweden will never admit if they found anything . 
  you have to admit there is n't a more likely country for it to be other than russia , no ? 
  if there is , i 'd love to hear who you think . 
  what in the world makes you think al qaeda is rational ? 
  they also have declared war on saudi arabia and want it overthrown .
