  germany in a nutshell . 
  just in case anyone has forgotten , they are better than all of you . 
  9-11 truther ? 
  good lord . 
  i am not spending 45 minutes of my life watching truther videos . 
  what is next on the agenda , harassing sandy hook parents ? 
  i have already volunteered myself so no need for children to do it . 
  next point ? 
  putin bot was a compliment that at least you were earning money for spreading bullshit views . 
  possible ? 
  absolutely , but it breeds things like evolution being a `` theory '' and open discrimination even in politics . 
  it leaves the country being backwards because it is completely impossible to separate it from politics . 
  moderates are usually never an issue for any group . 
  yeah i could agree with that . 
  it is far more prevalent in more religious demographics . 
  religion is used as a shield to hide opinions that are openly discriminatory . 
  what an absurd echo chamber you live in . 
  no fundamentalist parties prior to 9-11 ? 
  i guess those planes got lost then . 
  what the fuck did you want usa to do afterwards , apologize ? 
  us funding isis ? 
  oh you are one of those . 
  go hug some trees while others pay for your privileges in blood . 
  so openly being racist and hating gays and atheists should be cherished so long as they claim to fear god ? 
  so long as it does n't affect them apparently . 
  absolute fucking disaster . 
  being religious is backwards because it permeates politics in the usa . 
  the biggest insult obama was facing was being called muslim because those `` religious '' people could n't call him what they really wanted to call him in public anymore . 
  good . 
  it is also pretty funny and sad how usa is more religious than everywhere in europe other than the vatican . 
  i have had group prayers starting work meetings . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  never . 
  you have to be trolling . 
  so a historical pussy ? 
  the first/second/third world misuse still bothers me . 
  should have picked your friends better then . 
  you have n't shown the slightest proof of marginalization . 
  crying wolf while saying i am bound to be right some day is n't done genius prophecy . 
  it is just fear mongering . 
  it is something that belongs in / r/bitcoin or / r/collapse . 
  i did n't forget i just want sure how it ranked versus other countries . 
  i do n't know if i would consider other countries ' wages unsustainable . 
  the poorer countries are significantly lower in wages . 
  i know , but , fallout is a bit more serious than destroyed train tracks or burnt buildings . 
  that is one of the biggest parts of mexico 's economy actually . 
  kind of depressing to think about though . 
  i 've read that even with germany 's economy doing decent that wages are lower than other countries in europe . 
  well , thank you . 
  i was n't aware of the exact dates on the transitions and the differences that were implemented . 
  except it causes a serious demographic problem . 
  you have jobs taken up by older and more expensive workers with better guarantees so the young get fucked . 
  so they up and leave . 
  then you have a country that has lots of dependents and not enough productive people a little down the road . 
  a shrinking and aging population can cause serious issues . 
  japan is a great example even though they clearly are highly productive and have a high standard of living . 
  military tech has progressed from napoleon not that a war is happening in the first place . 
  you think russia is crazy enough to scorch their own territory with nukes ? 
  what you mean did n't exist in 1979 ? 
  it has been around since after the war . 
  yes i agree with you . 
  it is n't a simple situation . 
  i only think money makes the situation more bearable during the fixes . 
  seeing the poorer countries lose all their younger citizens to emigration is going to have bad results down the road . 
  yeah and i do n't doubt that . 
  i do n't claim to have a fix all . 
  i just wish the economy was doing as well on both sides of the atlantic . 
  i want eu to do well . 
  it is depressing to see mostly bad news whenever i listen to how things are going back at `` home '' . 
  yeah things were good in the 90s shortly after joining . 
  whole different story now . 
  i think eu investment in less well off areas are the way to fix all of eu , but that is n't how eu is designed . 
  i view that as a benefit of the strength of federal government of usa . 
  i have seen ideas floated of solar energy farms set up in southern europe to sell power and make eu more energy independent as a whole . 
  either way i do n't claim to be smart enough to have the fix all for countries on my own . 
  i just wish something would be done because the current state is horrible . 
  if portugal had the escudo they could have inflated their money to pay off debt and lower the value to compete better through weak price compared to euro . 
  would n't the tanks break down before they even reached the border ? 
   new, 
  i thought we were talking about europe . 
  is that south america ? 
  fuck that , chinese in paris is easy mode . 
  not seeing a problem there . 
  self loathing . 
  just realized on your own you guys are inferior to the rest of europe just like everyone else already knows . 
  bread that fits in a bag . 
  i do n't think they realize that with how much they criticize western capitalism . 
  ca n't really progress while shackled by your friend next door . 
  how is that any different than states having different fiscal policies ? 
  what failure ? 
  usa has the biggest economy in the world and recovered far better than europe in 2008 . 
  a always the people crying wolf about the sky falling . 
  the lack of details and timeline never fails . 
  the wishful thinking for worldwide recession is also really creepy . 
  in usa they usually ramble about fiat currency and prepare for the end of civilization while stocking up on ammo and getting suckered into buy gold scams . 
  yeah except usa proves otherwise . 
  there is very low inflation and the economy can grow faster than debt . 
  nominal debt is meaningless . 
  you ca n't mistreat russians . 
  it is n't right .
