  all of a sudden ? 
  he thought that when it fell . 
  it became an even greater idea once he it worked out he would be the leader of it . 
  who was last russian leader that was `` good for russians '' ? 
  ukrainian `` brothers '' now are fascists practically overnight . 
  at least baltic countries have always been gay nazis . 
  i think you might even give putin too much credit even by accident . 
  there is no shame in becoming a country only after the fall of ussr either . 
  so there is nothing wrong in naming them either . 
  you are completely right in that there is no winning in diplomacy with putin . 
  he only understands people who have a bigger army than his and prove they will use it . 
  well , makes sense considering how all the soviet bloc countries are used to getting fucked by russians . 
  right , because japan and south korea would be able to counter a china that had siberia ? 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  that car is a hunk of junk compared to the cars they put out today . 
  vw group taking over all of europe . 
  is this 800,000 russians ? 
  because in that case about 10,000 finns should do it . 
  russia is needed as a counter to china . 
  icbm locations are the real strategic target . 
  there are tons of nuked aimed towards the middle of nowhere in the usa just because nukes are stored there . 
  that is just scary . 
  yes , it could possibly be everything except the most likely thing every single time . 
  actually my initial argument was that the moors and usa/eu are very different . 
  usa and eu is n't invading europe to expand their empire . 
  i am aware that life for peasants during that time period or pretty much all of human history pretty much sucked no matter who your king was . 
  that was the original point i was making . 
  it was a very simple point that usa and eu are not like the romans or the moors . 
  ukraine wanted to align with eu . 
  russia invaded as punishment for thinking they are allowed to have their own foreign policy and pretend they are their own country . 
  russia is now trying to carve up the country like a cake . 
  i do hope you are joking . 
  catholic and christian are one in the same . 
  this is prior to the reformation and east-west split . 
  also , the area was most definitely catholic , the kingdom that was invaded by the moors was catholic . 
  i guess that would be a nicer way of stating `` does n't know shit '' outside of their country . 
  being a superpower and being a large country with a large population makes it all too easy to think the world begins and ends at the us borders . 
  hope you are liking it so far . 
  i 've heard colorado is a beautiful state . 
  i 've never gone past the east coast as far as usa goes . 
  censorship does n't have to mean wiping out all prior record . 
  it can also mean preventing other opinions from being voiced . 
  i only bring up poland because it was an example that i know where you stand on versus me putting words in your mouth and making assumptions . 
  i happen to have only a positive opinion about poland , but that is n't behind any of the reasoning of me bringing it up . 
  it is mostly to point out that the excuse of the eu versus non eu countries does n't hold true , because your view would be very similar during an invasion of poland as well . 
  who in the world goes christmas shopping in the summer ? 
  you do n't need a reason to buy vodka . 
  buying it is justified at all times . 
  israel and usa are two separate countries . 
  israel was n't even created by usa and was actually allied with the soviets first . 
  usa gives aid to many countries . 
  usa also did n't invent middle east turmoil . 
  it was there for thousands of years prior to usa even existing . 
  none of that compares to russia being a huge asshole for hundreds of years with no end in sight . 
  they are a pariah for a reason . 
  just imagine russia having the power and economy that usa has and the way russia would then behave with no one able to stop them . 
  they would be pushing until russia occupied lisbon . 
  granted , it would be impossible because russia could never have a big economy or be the dominant military power specifically because they act like giant assholes and the country is corrupt to the core . 
  you are right that usa has done some shitty things immediately after wwii particularly in latin america to prevent communism from taking hold in the western hemisphere , but that does n't equate to russia in the 1990s up until 2014 invading countries and turning them into russian territories . 
  so , i guess toledo was n't a thing ? 
  the continent was under control of the visigoths before any muslims made their way north . 
  it was christian before it was muslim and it was christian once again . 
  ah , i get fooled by the flairs . 
  there are enough ignorant americans to outnumber the entire country of slovakia with ease . 
  you have told me to leave the sub on numerous occasions . 
  that is n't censorship ? 
  i assure you i do not stalk anyone , i just remember names and prior conversations . 
  the sub does n't have many threads , so naturally we run into each other . 
  i also have zero intention of trying to silence you . 
  you should speak freely about anything you please . 
  apparently that includes giant stereotypes of anyone and everyone that disagrees with you . 
  judging by your immediate reply . 
  thank you for the suggestion on working for the local pentagon/ukraine propaganda team . 
  next time pentagon/ukraine propaganda inc. comes be recruiting i will use you for a reference . 
  what are you suggesting with your claim i am fascinated with poland ? 
  i 'd rather not put words in your mouth and am curious on your answer . 
  how does that make them any less christian ? 
  you think people in rome were celebrating holidays with christmas trees and easter bunnies ? 
  the peninsula most definitely was n't muslim . 
  although the muslims did get a foothold in spain for a very long time . 
  portugal managed to push them out way sooner and that push is what helped form the nation . 
  spain has remained divided arguably even to this day . 
  if i were to argue on your empire opinion , i would state that it is a hegemony under usa leadership with eu partnership . 
  that is n't an empire . 
  russia is the country that only knows how to operate under brute force and threats and it is making them get left behind by the rest of the world very quickly . 
  i would say i feel sorry for the russian people , but they openly support that kind of behavior . 
  usa has never gone full retard . 
  not protecting yourself against a country that only operates under full retard is beyond stupid . 
  russia does it so much it is just russia operating under full russian . 
  if canada is perfectly safe with the biggest border in the world with the biggest military power in the world , why would a balkan country fear usa ? 
  someone has to watch the main gate that speaks the language . 
  rebadged usa military with an extra letter . 
  bad thing is that the curtain only moves westward . 
  well if it helps any , that is n't unique to slovakia . 
  there are millions in usa that do that as well . 
  please continue to tell me more about my own country . 
  the entire iberian peninsula was catholic long before the moors showed up . 
  roman empire reached there long ago . 
  you want to call eu an empire ? 
  be my guest .
