  if literally 100 % of your money is seized , how is n't it state communism ? 
  if it is democratic socialism then the people are voting for this . 
  do you care about everyone in the world ? 
  why are n't you doing volunteer work in africa versus fear mongering on reddit ? 
  if it is n't your government , it is n't your decision . 
  maybe the people want communism . 
  the country that has one of the biggest financial centers of the world is going to become a communist state . 
  you seem really reasonable . 
  fair enough but i do n't live my life based on worst case scenario conspiracies . 
  that is true . 
  i am blinded and spoiled by freedom . 
  seriously though , that is n't happening . 
  yep , totally . 
  literal worldwide communist state around the corner . 
  yes and those programs are used to seize property gained through illegal activities . 
  bernie madoff was mentioned there . 
  he stole billions . 
  should he keep the money so you feel more free ? 
  did you forget rule of law and elections ? 
  by all means , keep those mattresses packed if you are all posting from communist and fascist countries . 
  my government is only taking my taxes and they are n't arbitrary . 
  dumb idea because why ? 
  if you say it , it makes it so ? 
  how in the world does that benefit the economy to do that ? 
  tomorrow , the government can go door to door killing the entire population as well since we are just naming random totally reasonable and relevant things to do with cash . 
  this whole thread is about the importance of cash . 
  they are just saying random irrelevant fears that have nothing to do with cash . 
  people are not countries . 
  do n't treat economies and governments as interchangeable with individuals . 
  gold is n't set in stone on pricing only based on availability . 
  it is a market like anything else . 
  gold had spent the last 4 years crashing . 
  my currency has not . 
  also , no one is prevented from buying gold from a bank account . 
  these conversations are just missing the tin foil hats . 
  governments are not able to rob people at will . 
  governments do things based on laws that are voted on by politicians that are voted in by majorities . 
  who suggested all money should just sit in a bank ? 
  people can buy assets . 
  well who the fuck is voting these people in ? 
  yes , i will laugh . 
  my country cries bloody rebellion if you try to raise taxes . 
  i ca n't even imagine the war that happens if they try seizing money from people out of nowhere . 
  gold does n't have a fixed value and can lose value just as easily as regular currency . 
  i have no idea why conspiracy theorists are in love with gold so much but buying gold is a favorite topic of theirs . 
  and how does cash under the mattress change any of that ? 
  are we just shouting out random things we do n't like ? 
  maintaining the right levels of inflation is very important for every economy . 
  i assumed you were joking around , but filled in that area you live in here makes a huge difference with food . 
  rural areas are pretty boring and bland food wise . 
  well i personally would n't want to live in some areas that do n't have access to specialty food and that is n't me being absurd . 
  that is n't relevant when the government is no longer issuing currency backed by gold . 
  you want murderers and rapists roaming the streets ? 
  it is n't black and white . 
  that is n't how money works . 
  the government does n't fix prices of entire economy . 
  how does government decide how much people own ? 
  government does n't arbitrarily take wealth from people . 
  you know in cities there is a massive variety of food from cheap to great . 
  then what country are you supposed to appeal to ? 
  i guess there are n't too many movies when i already knew the title before clicking . 
  those people that are dying raised their children the same way . 
  culture does n't reset randomly every 25 years . 
  bigots exist just fine without laws as well . 
  sounds like a preemptive drunk tank for alcoholics . 
  why even have a prison ? 
  if they are n't doing it yet , they never will . 
  that will only encourage americans . 
  i see it spelled with a ch at the end . 
  absolutely . 
  i do n't see how writing changes sounds in any way . 
  implying immigrants all try to learn language . 
  i hope you have backup backup plan . 
  the connections and benefits make you rich . 
  get those voters early . 
  calm down there , bush . 
  your english is pretty good . 
  schools only have so much time to teach history . 
  you ca n't learn about the entire history of the world . 
  there is too much out there . 
  games are pretty educational . 
  maybe you play the wrong ones . 
  edit : some of my favorite were the age of empires games that had entire encyclopedia like entries on countries and people . 
  or north , damn norwegians . 
  i am not sure if the stereotype is applied to vietnamese but lots of their kids got involved with crime around me and their parents gave them a ton of cash from their businesses and were oblivious so long as they hung out with other vietnamese children . 
  obviously these are only my personal observations though . 
  i grew up in a highly mixed poor neighborhood in philly where white people were the minority . 
  nj was close guess though . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  growing up where i did i was surrounded by indian immigrants to where they outnumbered the white people . 
  down to every last house the parents were insanely conservative and would give the stereotype of demanding east asian parents a run for their money . 
  the parents were all super polite to me though . 
  i do n't want to paint them in an awful light . 
  i found it a bit depressing considering they were all really cool people and had money and education . 
  when your family raises you with hired maids and drivers and foreign schools while you grow up in places like mumbai , hong kong and qatar , i just expect better versus people in poverty . 
  russia is n't copying anyone . 
  they are the hipsters on oppression . 
  the only hindus i have known from when i was younger were either super western from living in the states or were studying abroad and very rich families . 
  i realize that wouldst be the typical perspective . 
  they were at least a little homophobic , but did n't act like kkk wanting to kill people and obsess over it .
