  you can tell me to step back all you want , but usa is zero threat to germany or any other allies . 
  as an aside , what do you mean you have a bavarian citizenship ? 
  main threat to germany is usa ? 
  we are done here . 
  i can only assume your mailing address is somewhere in bavaria . 
  i did n't want to put words in your mouth , but you put them there yourself quite clearly . 
  boots on the ground in another country is very clearly necessary during an invasion . 
  you could n't be any more wrong with your bullshit about a military alliance and how it works . 
  you think nato is n't needed , then leave . 
  shit or get off the pot instead of freeloading and playing the middle ground . 
  i just remember that your opinions are in the clear minority . 
  i was referring to turning down countries in eu for military support as well . 
  you know damn well 2 % is the goal of spending for nato . 
  keep trying to make this about bush and iraq when i keep saying it is n't even remotely part of anything i 'm talking about . 
  the money press has nothing to do with this either . 
  us dollars are worth a certain amount and so are euros . 
  gdp is compared across the board in equal values . 
  you also do n't know shit about what is involved in being part of nato , because talking about sanctions and saying non-german countries are n't important if poland was invaded is very much not what nato is for . 
  it is a military alliance , feel free to have germany actually join versus freeload at any point . 
  whining about usa military while refusing to spend money on your own defense just never gets old here . 
  you are far from the only poster who does that . 
  i also wonder why there is resentment towards germany . 
  i 'm sure it has nothing to do with actions that make it seem like the only thing that matters in eu is berlin . 
  you copy those sentiments perfectly in your own comments by literally saying other countries mean jack shit . 
  jobs , how do they work ? 
  why would we do that ? 
  because it is part of being part of nato . 
  no one said you had to be involved with iraq . 
  this is n't about iraq invasion . 
  freeloading at it 's finest . 
  what part of you are freeloading do n't you understand ? 
  talk about superiority complex . 
  you are acting like eu is fourth reich and your comments make that very clear that eu is only about helping germany and germany rules all of europe . 
  germany turns down helping eu countries just as quickly as they turn down usa . 
  my comments are n't about usa versus germany . 
  they are about you and your attitude towards europe at large . 
  but i 'm the jingoist . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita feel free to read that link next time you want to talk about shanty towns and successful countries . 
  hell of a lot harder to have high numbers when you are that large as well . 
  i 'm the jingoist yet you are the one that tells tens of millions of people how unimportant they are and calls hundreds of millions of people idiots in one broad stroke . 
  nato exists for a reason . 
  feel free for your country to actually contribute something besides bitching and whining at any point . 
  usa would n't break an alliance . 
  do n't assume just because germany is worthless in helping allies , that the rest of the continent would operate the same way . 
  thanks for all that help in africa , i 'm sure the rest of europe appreciates it . 
  keep thinking you `` run circles '' when your country can barely keep spending on their military above 1 % . 
  having a highly trained military that is severely outnumbered is pointless . 
  you need size as well . 
  but why would you care , you are mooching and selling out the rest of europe in a heartbeat all while tens of thousands of troops from the rest of nato keep you secure while stationed in your borders . 
  ok , for the last time , you do n't get to seize a country just because you lease a base . 
  i do n't give a shit how long a base has existed . 
  grey zone , my ass . 
  it was all done as a sucker punch invasion of ukraine while they were having political problems and took advantage of already having a military staged there . 
  they were refused the chance to inspect all the trucks . 
  i kept reading only 32 trucks inspected and they were almost empty . 
  the russian military with the trucks kept refusing access to journalists as well on the scene . 
  there were also the lies about red cross as well . 
  everything russia does is shady as fuck . 
  it is almost impossible for putin to do anything legit . 
  those areas are very much ukraine . 
  what is this nonsense that they are n't ukraine anymore . 
  such ridiculous notions . 
  would russia be totally cool with ukraine sending hundreds of trucks to rebel forces in russia to supply them ? 
  logistics is the most important part of a military force . 
  are you under the impression that germany won the war or something ? 
  all those circles being run did n't get any actual results . 
  my education is just fine as well . 
  obscene amounts ? 
  how about spending the 2 % as requested before bitching about the free protection you get while mooching ? 
  how exactly is germany running circles around anything if they avoid action everywhere ? 
  you honestly think europe would n't respond to poland invasion and defend it ? 
  i know usa would respond immediately . 
  your english is actually very good . 
  i wish my bilingual skills were just as up to par . 
  are you under the impression that russia did n't invade crimea ? 
  because the rest of the world disagrees with you . 
  rebels are n't being outfitted from the army-navy surplus store either . 
  which is kind of the point of marshall plan . 
  germans bitching about marshall plan is beyond idiotic and acting like america took advantage of germany is absurd . 
  i was n't the one starting with the bullshit complaining about usa . 
   indeed , germany is giving money to ukraine , not plundering it like the us etc. 
  did after ww2 . 
  and what if that means you are n't able to make your own trade deals just like russia is free to do so ? 
  ukraine 's big sin is thinking it is an independent country . 
  it is bullshit to have to act like a slave country or have all of europe blame you for being invaded . 
  if poland was invaded i would hope all of europe would come defend it . 
  there is literally war happening right now in europe . 
  i imagine you would feel the same if it was poland being invaded ? 
  do n't worry europe . 
  i do n't want any wars on my account . 
  no sanctions either . 
  i am worried gdp might drop 0.1 %, 
  thanks for your contribution . 
  oh , alright . 
  senile ? 
  do n't remember crimea ? 
  they technically invaded with all the world watching with white trucks . 
  refused to be inspected and did n't allow ukraine to check them at border against ukraine 's wishes . 
  never mind all the `` rebel '' leadership that has ties to russian government , military , and intelligence . 
  just all `` retired '' and `` mercenaries '' .
