  you sound lovely . 
  i could n't imagine why people are n't nice to you . 
  so delusional . 
  people do n't kiss my ass everywhere i go . 
  i wish energy was expressed in pork all the time . 
  how far away is the store ? 
  about half a kilo of pork . 
  needs some eagles . 
  i ca n't believe the german is the one with the better sense of humor and sarcasm here . 
  shit 1640 . 
  yes . 
  wow i fat fingered that one on my phone . 
  thanks . 
  never forget 1640 . 
  i am dumb . 
  cliched does n't mean not true . 
  usa is a frenemy ? 
  nowhere close to the same association . 
  the government welcomed these people and they were n't even afghani . 
  they were literally running training camps for attacking people or in the open with full government knowledge . 
  that absolutely was not the case with serbia . 
  he was part of a group that was not associated with the serbian government . 
  serbia had even warned about safety concerns prior to the visit . 
  yes but they were actively hosting them as guests and allowed them to hold open training camps . 
  that would be completely laughable . 
  those countries are countries that have some mutual interests . 
  confederate holidays ?!, 
  say what ? 
  how so ? 
  brazil and south africa were bashed before . 
  get off your cross . 
  people also talk a lot more about qatar than russia . 
  russia being corrupt is n't able to be stated according to you ? 
  are we lying ? 
  is the news not topical ? 
  if they acted less corrupt and violent people would mention them less . 
  seems simple to me . 
  there have been other world cup elections . 
  well fuck you , i am glad we are on the same page . 
  thanks for laugh . 
  i find those americans detestable and there are plenty of them . 
  just want benefits with no price or understanding of how the world is interconnected . 
  you might say no shit , but there are germans that give zero fucks about anything past german borders and want eu only for germany 's self interest . 
  i was not criticizing germany with my statement . 
  some people talk like a flag means a user is a government representative . 
  germany should also be taking into account what is best for eu as a whole if it wants to be a leader . 
  the bullshit behavior is russia thinking they can order neighboring countries how to operate due to a history of invasions and ethnic cleansing . 
  i am a person , not a country . 
  also it is n't understandable when they go shooting down planes full of eu civilians and invade multiple countries all over europe and even trespass into nato countries to kidnap government employees . 
  mfw russian tries to always bring up the usa as some ridiculous justification for bullshit behavior . 
  when you count people in the military , you do n't just count infantry . 
  going after a corrupt bullshit organization like fifa has nothing to do with russia . 
  why should people kiss ass ? 
  did kissing ass stop the multiple countries from getting invaded by russia directly or through proxy or prevent russian puppet states that are lawless shitholes ? 
  russia needs eu money far more than eu needs russian resources . 
  that juxtaposition only increases with every passing moment as well . 
  invade ukraine over sports . 
  that is just the spirit !, 
  you do n't realize by now that they will do whatever the fuck they want anyway ? 
  reasoning with russia is like an abused spouse trying to maintain peace . 
  in the end they will tell russian state media what to spout off about anyway . 
  you think reality or the truth has ever mattered ? 
  they would anyway . 
  fuck their government . 
  what diplomatic problems ? 
  is russia going to invade switzerland ? 
  bites cops ? 
  i 'm a dick a lot so i have no idea if you are making fun of me , but i just watched that and enjoyed it with zero irony . 
  yeah except not done by slavs . 
  holy shit , so much salt . 
  it helped that they were both occupied colonizing the world . 
  you probably need to sort out the fact that so many people do n't want to be called spanish . 
  feeling the love there , irm\u00e3o . 
  are you bragging about having a bigger military than estonia ? 
  is this what you have devolved to ? 
  i did not put it as anything . 
  the people giving the money out for lending . 
  it is n't a conspiracy from west that no one considers russia trustworthy versus the usa . 
  usa literally profits from borrowing . 
  versus your alternative of ? 
  they do not actually have low debt because they guarantee the debt of their nationalized companies . 
  debt lenders treat them one in the same . 
  if those companies default it will be seen as russia defaulting . 
  lol , good one mate except only one country is a poverty stricken basket case . 
  heroin addicts have a better credit rating . 
  as if these banana republics can affect the dollar . 
  russia is the one with troops that have a penchant for crossing borders without permission . 
  russians are never just passing through . 
  if they want to spend money shipping people to venezuela , be my guest . 
  eu is not germany alone . 
  they are making moves to, 
  and yet russia ends up sanctioned and isolated . 
  amoral is a compliment to be honest for them . 
  whether people are for or against it is not the point i was trying to make . 
  i am saying it was not sustainable . 
  everyone having a job does n't mean the population is actually productive and profitable . 
  i learned the phrase they pretend to pay me so i pretend to work from people in the ussr . 
  there is a reason eastern europe was so far behind in living standards to the west when the fall happened . 
  it was not just the fall itself . 
  this implies life was better in ussr than the best of western europe in 2016 .
