  i 'll let you guess which is which . 
  then how would you describe a situation where they are threatened to do whatever russia wants or threaten an invasion ? 
  no , why ? 
  sorry i did n't remember your post correctly . 
  you said the country would get destroyed by a trade deal . 
  sounds like a lot of hyperbole . 
  claiming the biggest economy on the planet is going to be destroyed because of lack of water in a desert . 
  i 'm glad you are maintaining perspective . 
  great perspective . 
  you are such a troll . 
  where were the serbian armies in afghanistan ? 
  oh i never get that far back . 
  they usually spend their time defending stalin and ussr . 
  poland is brainwashed with anti russian propaganda apparently . 
  how noble of you to volunteer other countries into war . 
  everyone is fully aware that russia thinks they are a super power that controls other countries . 
  i am not supporting either side , just pushing russian propaganda like saying the ukrainian president was legally allowed to murder protestors and talk about eu `` coups '' after putin bought his puppet and he lied and took advantage of all of ukraine . 
  i am totally neutral though . 
  so putin invaded because his feelings are hurt ? 
  i wonder about ukraine 's feelings after having budapest memo in writing . 
  apparently uk and usa know how to follow actual promises in writing unlike certain countries . 
  why does russia care even if it was in writing ? 
  russia shows what they care about with their following of budapest memo . 
  russia would invade all of ussr if they could get away with it . 
  exactly . 
  ages ago . 
  now the countries involved in 1812 are usa 's closest allies . 
  and they still might . 
  russia has no say in it . 
  are they going to invade every country they border ? 
  how much vodka is needed to be drunk for that to make sense ? 
  usa was laughing at romney when during his debates he was talking like it was time to ramp up cold war and said russia was biggest threat to usa . 
  he was treated like a clown for saying that . 
  usa keeps trying to ignore russia and move on , but they ca n't survive without that victim complex . 
  they think having usa as a mortal enemy makes them as powerful as usa . 
  yes , you did . 
  you literally referenced nazi germany in that post . 
  i 'm telling you that that government was destroyed . 
  russia is run by a kgb officer that leads an aggressive government that attacks its neighbors and threatens the others . 
  germany was defeated and moved on . 
  russia is still living in an alternative parallel universe and has n't joined the rest of the world in reality . 
  russia needs to be punished because otherwise they are being rewarded for their aggressive behavior . 
  they only understand strength and power . 
  no one has any intention of going to war with russia , so sanctions are the only alternative . 
  russia only escalated after every opportunity to back down . 
  fuck them . 
   linguica and a six-pack whatever , sounds great to me . 
  shutting down any talk from catalonia should make everything go away with zero issues . 
  it is only an expression . 
  i was n't trying to say it was a competition . 
  just trying to say that isis is pushing propaganda which is already pretty clear from their previous work . 
  people saw those french flags everywhere on that last successful invasion post and now everyone is getting nervous . 
  yes , appeasement is much better . 
  by the way , i will save you time . 
  kiev junta , fascists , american nazis , blah blah blah . 
  edit : your comparison is bullshit because germany had their shit kicked in . 
  it was a new government . 
  you still have russians thinking they are a super power and that literally consider stalin to be a glorious russian hero . 
  there is a huge portion of the population that thinks this way . 
  the russian government is also ran by a kgb thug . 
  there are russians that walk the streets of russia dressed up as stalin impersonators . 
  imagine people walking the streets of berlin dressed as hitler today . 
  there can be at least ten thousand troops on the ground in a matter of hours . 
  there is 24/7 air support flying over eastern europe . 
  russia would never be allowed to get troops near their border without an immediate response . 
  the people in eastern europe are n't ignored . 
  usa alone would never allow it . 
  yeah only time will tell . 
  hopefully they have success . 
  an expression about being experienced . 
  a rodeo is a competition for cowboys . 
  russia would never get a jump . 
  you think they could get military close to border undetected ? 
  they are being spied on by numerous countries at all times . 
  that war did n't cost many lives . 
  this was a war that involved genocide on a massive scale . 
  serbia also surrendered . 
  isis also is being attacked by ground forces as well . 
  serbia being destroyed was n't the goal . 
  it was limited in nature throughout the campaign . 
  there is zero sympathy for isis and they are being hit hard everywhere . 
  stop . 
  just stop . 
  there was no promise . 
  this shit might work on russians but it does n't fly here . 
  countries ask to join . 
  russia digs their own grave . 
  you think russia is making good public relations right now with their invasion of ukraine ? 
  no one believes your lies . 
  when i see nato expansionism used in a sentence it makes that person come off like an idiot . 
  no country ever has threatened russian federation . 
  not even once . 
  fair enough . 
  i was referencing drones flying outside of fighting areas assuming they are used for cheap scouting . 
  you are probably right . 
  i am coming at it with an american army perspective . 
  infantry is n't taking out modern armor . 
  they can take direct hits and keep pounding away while hitting targets that ca n't even see them yet . 
  no one thought ukraine would be invaded either to be fair . 
  russia 's government thrives on pushing aggressive behavior and acting with a huge victim complex to garner support at home .
