  sounds about right . 
  also has jack shit to do with the topic at hand as well . 
  when did i propose that europe `` fix '' africa . 
  i simply suggested humanitarian aid to people and countries where possible . 
  your question is completely subjective and therefore pointless . 
  your ridiculous straw man that if anyone points out the obvious it somehow turns into `` oh the horrible white man '' is absolute garbage . 
  claiming that pointing out how europe has fucked over and benefits from africa is somehow support for mugabe by extension is fucking insanity as well . 
  i 'm mostly just stating my disapproval for the people in europe that are xenophobic and racist as fuck . 
  whether that applies to you i 'll let you decide . 
  i just mostly thought you were making a couple ridiculous statements , that 's all . 
  you are making some crazy leaps from our back and forth . 
  you go from reasonable to crazy straw man in the span of one comment . 
  who the hell is excusing mugabe ? 
  who ? 
  i only commented to you originally because of your crazy white guy persecution complex you keep trotting out . 
  my main criticism with the thread has been the people that are practically shouting for africans to be killed on sight and hope that they all drown and die . 
  good lord what a fucking straw man . 
  how am i a `` randian '' exactly ? 
  how is that chip on the shoulder doing ? 
  not feasible in my opinion for the same reason you see the disparity in nato today . 
  it would just be a `` eu '' military filled with french and brits . 
  you 'd just swap out who is getting mooched on , not that uk and france is n't mostly getting mooched on now as well . 
  i also think carriers are insanely useful . 
  they allow uk to project power anywhere and mean instant stability anywhere that group travels to . 
  i do n't think people should need to tell british about all the benefits that come with a superior navy . 
  that implies that there are n't countries that are just choosing not to spend on the military . 
  if greece meet goals and uk can meet goals , so can other countries . 
  the world is n't that simple and the nato topic is a complete straw man to this topic . 
  what the hell makes you think usa does n't deal with immigrants as well ? 
  just a way to throw in usa bashing on any topic . 
  this was my impression as well . 
  i was just curious if there was any other information . 
  multinational companies that go in and extract resources for nothing . 
  do i blame individual europeans ? 
  of course not . 
  i simply mean to say that they play a part and benefit from that system . 
  europe also laid the groundwork for the instability inside of africa and levant . 
  it is pretty hard to say europe has their hands clean when these countries were ruled by europe and had their borders drawn by europe . 
  the borders alone contributed to a huge amount of violence across the globe . 
  enlightened racists that talk shit about everyone to justify their own feelings . 
  from what i 've read , nuclear carriers are capable of higher speeds which is crucial for aircraft . 
  i would have preferred uk got a bigger carrier as well . 
  sadly the uk is one of the few countries that take defense seriously , so i end up expecting a lot more out of them versus the many that think it is totally optional . 
  not all military action is wrong . 
  the world does n't exist in a fairy tale . 
  violence is regrettable but sometimes needed as a matter of defense . 
  go ahead and tell the people that are dying of genocide to isis that they ca n't save them because violence is wrong . 
  nothing would happen . 
  they already jerk so hard about how right wing america is if they tried to outdo it their hands would be bloody . 
  the world does n't need to exist in strictly capitalist terms . 
  i know it does n't inside of eu , usa , or commonwealth . 
  europe plays a part as well . 
  unfortunately , people ca n't swim to usa or china . 
  i first of all did n't say that . 
  also , if you think africa is n't being exploited you are crazy . 
  all of those ships can be cycled out . 
  also nuclear carriers allow you to move faster which is very important for the aircraft . 
  i understand that everything is a trade off , but a bigger carrier that uses a launcher would allow the superior version of the f-35 . 
  yeah , because the past has no affect on the present . 
  those countries even had their borders drawn by europe . 
  who said i was criticizing belgium ? 
  i 'm here criticizing people that are practically jerking off at dead people in here . 
  just look at this thread and how many people are hoping that africans die in the sea . 
  but , yeah , i 'm the evil american , so let 's get that jerk going . 
  let 's tell the american how evil and uncivilized america is while the thread is full of europeans hoping africans die and completely denying the role that europe has/had in turning africa into a disaster . 
  this also has fuck all to do with nato . 
  usa has a legitimate point in saying countries should raise their defense spending . 
  most of europe mooches off of a couple countries in terms of defense . 
  it is a mutual defense alliance . 
  everyone 's defense spending is related to each other . 
  it is intrusive if usa was telling non nato countries what they should do with their budget . 
  they chose a better place to be born into apparently . 
  you are a fucking moron . 
  most of them are n't even black to begin with in the regions that are torn apart by war in north africa and levant . 
  denying the effects of colonialism is absurd . 
  well , norway has a small population . 
  i am speaking in regards to population . 
  i mean norway had a little bit of exploring in the world on their end in history but it is insignificant compared to the massive amounts done by other western countries . 
  i am not rewriting history . 
  i am only pointing out the relevance . 
  russia invades latvia and it is war . 
  end of story . 
  what is this about nz ? 
  that is n't true with regards to escort ships . 
  supply ships can be cycled in and out . 
  that is n't to say that i disagree with it being diesel . 
  cost is always a major factor in anything . 
  who is currently considered the best economy at the moment in eu as far as growth and employment goes ? 
  it is paved with gold in comparison to where they leave . 
  the same happens in the usa . 
  i do n't fault the people for wanting better and safer lives . 
  interesting , yet people freeze to death in europe while you talk about how superior eu is by a matter of centuries to life in america . 
  there is assistance given to the poor in america even for people who are n't even there legally . 
  what does any of that have to do with military spending ? 
  countries require a military for safety and stability if they want to live in reality . 
  go tell people in the baltics how the military is pointless . 
  fucking hilarious that you are calling someone that is concerned about immigrants a right winger . 
  not all countries are created equal . 
  saying there are over 30 and acting like the vatican is equivalent to germany is ludicrous . 
  the majority of europe population wise comes from countries that played a part in completely fucking up africa and levant .
