  i have very little patience or slack for a company that is allowed to damage the planet and just write it off on their profits and loss statement for cleaning expenses . 
  meanwhile they put out commercials for talking about how cooperative and ecologically friendly they are . 
  get the fuck out of here , bp . 
  that most definitely has nothing to do with any personal anti-uk slant of mine either . 
  there is none . 
  it is quite the opposite . 
  ah , i do n't bother with research on pathetic typical russian trolling . 
  that explains plenty on the response after i just got a response that estonia was treated `` equally '' under the ussr just like everyone else . 
  equally like shit under russian rule is more like it . 
  in the end though , the guy up top is ultimately responsible . 
  if you take a spill in a supermarket due to giant puddles spread across the aisles , you ca n't tell the customer to sue the maintenance crew that you contract out for and say it is n't your problem . 
  crimea , haha . 
  sounds like you are n't living in the past , just wishing for a return to the `` glory '' days of russia being relevant . 
  that same notion applies to life outside of humans as well , so i do n't see what point is made with that fact . 
  you are barking up wrong tree if you think i want to defend that scum . 
  at the end of the day though , it is bp operations . 
  you ca n't blame contractors when you are the one at the top . 
  before going off on some long tangent about bp that i was n't intending on with that comment , i have zero proof that poland is being hurt disproportionately . 
  if any country is being singled out in an attempt to have russia divide eu with greedy self interest , i think it is in the best interest of the eu to try to spread the losses out with aid if russia is going to retaliate with pinpoint sanctions due to `` safety '' . 
  i 'm half expecting some sanctions on moldova/baltics as well to follow the polish sanctions . 
  the biggest crime one can do against russia is be a `` friend '' that wants to prosper under eu . 
  meanwhile they threaten places like georgia and ukraine and even finland while gladly doing huge business with germany and netherlands with zero reservations . 
  russia views usa as essentially reborn nazis taking over the planet and yet the countries they try to punish are the weak neighbors that they have had under their thumb for decades if not longer . 
  chechnya was only `` their '' territory because russia flipped out over more land going independent . 
  it is only theirs because of military force . 
  they bribe the politicians and wipe out the competition . 
  all while russians in moscow live with the impression that chechnya loves russia like they forget grozny was leveled to the ground and russia is the true victim against chechnya aggression . 
  thank you for the link . 
  i assume before even reading that it is part of some stupid slap fight between the two countries . 
  i am happy that i live somewhere where disagreements mean a dent in some people 's wallets instead of bombs dropping overhead and alliances are able to be maintained from decades to hundreds of years and span worldwide . 
  i think the mods need to get together and make trolls their own flair instead of you guys having to co op the black flags and earth . 
  that way you can all whatabout in solidarity under your own banner . 
  let us all shed a tear . 
  dukenpl is the true victim in this whole episode . 
  yes , `` ally '' . 
  which country is invading ukraine . 
  be a little bit more discreet with your ridiculous notions . 
  your country was extremely close to russia a couple decades ago . 
  how was that working out for you then ? 
  eu acted as one . 
  russia is playing divide and conquer politics . 
  let us all spill tears for bp . 
  maybe collectively they can add up to the spilling they do of their own . 
  not enough sheeple references . 
  he did ask and you answered . 
  i just think russia usa comparisons are absurd on pretty much every level other than countries that have lots of nukes . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  bush only really liked talking to fox news . 
  that is like the same thing as murdering you if you criticize the government . 
  for sake of argument we will assume obama himself murdered him while on vacation . 
  can we get like another 100 examples so we can have the whataboutism nonsense actually compare equal countries ? 
  it is interesting that whataboutism when russia or china is talked about is never used against each other . 
  it is always evil amerikkka no matter what the topic is or who is involved . 
  i honestly feel as though dash cams could have been incorporated into this at some point . 
  ha , sorry , i did n't realize usa sanctioned france . 
  i used france as a random example . 
  i am annoyed at france selling tech to russia because russia has already shown they are more than willing to invade their neighbors in places like moldova and georgia before ukraine even happened . 
  never mind how they treated chechnya . 
  could you point me in the right direction with what you are referencing ? 
  even though i 'd say diplomatic disagreements over the course of hundreds of years of friendship with usa 's longest tenured ally are much more preferable than usa trying to start a republic of brittany with a prime minister that is a us citizen born in new orleans . 
  russia sure has a funny way of protecting their `` brother '' nations from western `` fascism '' . 
  i am glad i do n't go to their reunions . 
  i genuinely assumed the extent of american stupidity did n't go past republicans renaming french fries as freedom fries . 
  i am not a south american tourist guide , but south america is a very beautiful area that has poor areas that obviously have crime . 
  so yes you have to be careful . 
  same applies for mexico . 
  i never said anything about mexican invasions . 
  i simply said mexico needs usa trade in order for their economy to function and grow . 
  this includes mexicans sending money back to mexico from their usa wages . 
  i would agree with that that no one is allowed to invade mexico though . 
  usa would protect them . 
  usa is very friendly with both mexico and canada . 
  we share the biggest border in the world with canada and have zero issues with them . 
  what is wrong with protecting allies . 
  usa would protect any country that is friendly with them . 
  usa accepts help in return . 
  countries came to help us with afghanistan invasion and it was all appreciated even though none of them are as rich as usa so their help is always a bigger sacrifice on their part . 
  i do n't think i am a megalomaniac for thinking usa is a good country that does some bad shit that i openly criticize . 
  i am also allowed to criticize it . 
  there is n't state media or dead reporters either . 
  russians are also delusional of they think they are fucked by usa or under attack . 
  it has never happened . 
  when a russian talks about evil usa i will tell him to go fuck himself . 
  when an iranian does it , i will say i am sorry . 
  i also see plenty of people openly state that usa is biggest threat on the planet and glorify china and russia . 
  they act like those countries are fighting the good fight by keeping usa from taking over the planet and are scared of how usa is a threat even to western european countries . 
  crazy delusional privileged assholes . 
  they sit in comfort in a western country glorifying countries that are abusing their own citizens and invading and oppressing their neighbors with zero fucks given . 
  just a bunch of delusional nationalists in regards to russia and china . 
  russia takes over countries and the people there are proper fucked . 
  poland switches sides and they grow and prosper . 
  i would like ukraine to join nato and eu so the people will be safe and have a chance for a better life . 
  i am happy to have my taxes going to people being safer around the world and it would be nice to have more people join the ideals of western europe . 
  china does the same shit with their neighbors . 
  north korea is just criminal compared to the prosperity of south korea . 
  china is also trying to take over all of asia . 
  their actions in the south china sea is essentially an invasion on all their neighbors and robbing them of their resources . 
  usa does n't do this kind of shit . 
  their allies are treated as equals . 
  when france tells usa to fuck off , usa just deals with it .
