  it is hard to even say what is actual polish land considering how much they have lost over the years . 
  how many domestic armies can one country have ? 
  such obvious trolling . 
  safer to drink their soda and beer versus the water as well . 
  do you even know what first world means ? 
  apparently not . 
  he is an ethnic russian . 
  not that there was any doubt . 
  you should save the smug and actually state your points . 
  i have never gone to that sub . 
  i have a ton of experience in russia though . 
  i am sure the result would be drastically different in that sub . 
  in case i was n't clear , i myself do n't have anything against turks . 
  i have come across lots of turks that emigrated here to usa and they have had lots of success stories that i have seen personally . 
  i only wish there were n't people that viewed muslims as a bunch of ticking time bombs that only seek to kill those that are different from them . 
  it should be obvious that eu does n't want to take in muslims and you are a large muslim country on their border . 
  it sucks but that is the situation for decades already . 
  maybe you could explain that you were made in turkey ? 
  typically , yes . 
  that is actually technically true . 
  please post this in their sub and post results . 
  maybe you should check out your post history and see that all of it on this topic is wild guesses and speculation devoid of facts . 
  who says i am bitter ? 
  replying to someone does n't take much effort from me . 
  i have time to kill and here i am . 
  i also would n't associate your hate and ignorance with any group . 
  i would gladly compare my life and meant what i said . 
  my life is great here in the usa and lack for nothing . 
  i am not offended by your statements any more than i would be offended at a baby throwing a tantrum . 
  i am not upset by you at all . 
  my life could n't be better where i am at . 
  i am not the one attacking people and spewing hate filled rants and wishing death and misery on people everywhere i go coupled with outright racism . 
  calling a troll a troll does n't equal being upset . 
  did you get lost and wander off from sas ? 
  i do n't usually encounter such bitter trolls out in the wild . 
  they tend to stick to their tiny circlejerks . 
  usa , worse than literal nazis . 
  got it . 
  i seriously do n't think you realize what you are talking about . 
  you have no clue how tiny the percentage is of diesel car pollution in the usa . 
  just are n't . 
  that is the role of federal government only . 
  i am happy to provide a nice target for you to spit and scream at with your ignorant statements . 
  what is the matter , could n't squeeze in an amerifat insult while you were here ? 
  your lack of knowledge on this topic is becoming more clear the more you type . 
  i mean , good lord , that statement is hilarious . 
  i only hope you are a child . 
   i 'd say using the influence of the eu to sanction the american economy into oblivion like they did with russia would be a more appropriate response to the ongoing drama that is us foreign policy . 
  usa invented islamic extremism . 
  i have no idea how people like you function day to day . 
  people must think being killed by a jihadist is somehow worse than from a drug lord . 
  haha . 
  you get all kinds of free shit in the usa even if you are here as a criminal . 
  never stated it is exclusive to that region . 
  feel free to look at the peaceful balkans for other examples . 
  and how about you prove that the share of cars contributing to it kills at least thousands . 
  oh no wait , the share of exclusively newer vw tdi vehicles and only the part that goes over the standards . 
  i do n't expect an answer . 
  there are sections of the usa that do n't even have emissions testing because the air is clean and the government does n't want to bother . 
  yes , i agree that oversight is a good thing . 
  i do n't approve of what vw has done . 
  it might affect my income to make matters worse if business drops because of it . 
  i think oversight is a good thing . 
  i do n't want to depend on the morality of corporations . 
  quality continues to improve though . 
  cars are pretty damn amazing compared to what we used in the recent past . 
  anyone that believes in the we do n't build them like we used to mantra is very ignorant of reality . 
  holy shit . 
  that is comically bad . 
  maybe , but that is obviously a shot in the dark . 
  care to back anything you are saying ? 
  i have never thought about it like that before . 
  who is to say they would n't cut corners anyway regardless of the selling point ? 
  no , you are right , bp is much more innocent . 
  bp just had a clerical error compared to the travesty done by vw . 
  i feel like you might be simplifying matters here . 
  and they all drive a prius . 
  i only just realized the two are related . 
  so vw killed thousands in the usa according to you ? 
  attacking the taliban is not waging a war on muslims . 
  sure , call him up on your phone then if you are so concerned with people giving their opinion on open public forums . 
  those are hostile `` questions '' if you ask me and i openly deplore russia 's actions . 
  support of assad ? 
  lol . 
  that civil war has zero to do with usa . 
  isis was created inside of syria . 
  but fuck it , as an american i apologize personally for running peace in the middle east . 
  it was nirvana until big bad usa ruined it . 
  i only wish usa could be as innocent and perfect as the eu with how they have treated the rest of the world throughout history especially africa and the middle east . 
  except the russians are the only people still proud of ussr . 
  it was just a reboot of russian empire . 
  where did he say he supports war ? 
  do we honestly need to dog pile every russian flag we see ? 
  so because russia does things , it is ok to lower your own standards ? 
  seriously , do n't what about russia here . 
  that is n't an excuse . 
  if you report one , you report a correction and update later even bigger than before . 
  no , the military budget absolutely does n't prevent anything from being done by the usa . 
  usa also did n't cause a war in syria . 
  last i checked , europe was the continent that liked to draw the borders for all the other continents .
