  i understand the fear of civil war for obvious reasons . 
  i just do n't think telling regions that they do n't matter is making things any better . 
  it is brewing more trouble that keeps growing until everything boils over and could lead to the very thing people are most worried about . 
  it does n't quite work if everyone does it . 
  jeez , do n't sugarcoat it or anything . 
  i would say spain 's government and relationship with their people has been much more violent . 
  i do agree that you ca n't transfer everything from one country to the other 100 % . 
  that goes with other topics as well . 
  well , the point of it is that it is n't a democracy . 
  it is a republic . 
  it gives more power to rural voters as part of a compromise between the constant battle of rural versus cities . 
  it is n't something i particularly agree with though . 
  that is kind of a key distinction , no ? 
  mobs are n't big fans of procedure . 
  hell , in the usa , there have been presidents elected that actually had less people vote for them . 
  i was n't trying to insult you . 
  i 'm sorry if that is how you feel . 
  i was joking around and exaggerating . 
  i do think people should have the ability to have their voices heard instead of constantly being dismissed . 
  you have to admit the spanish government is all over this scottish vote and trying to tell any group of people to shut up and keep quiet . 
  they are clearly talking about their own people . 
  believe me , i 'm the last person to be accused of being a proponent of russia 's madness . 
  i think it is lunacy already . 
  i just do n't think russia has the same value for human lives that finland does and that it would n't hold them back . 
  sorry , more than a million but less than two . 
  it is almost half of scotland . 
  it is a significant group of people . 
  if you want to dismiss it as a small population that does n't matter in the first place , well that is kind of what started the mess from the beginning . 
  it is important when it is convenient to tell people to shut up and know your place under madrid . 
  why ? 
  scotland does n't speak for all of europe . 
  uk however set the standard for democracy the whole world over with their actions . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm hoped for a no , but i understood reasoning for a yes . 
  i think it is great though that they were allowed to voice their choice either way . 
  where i live it is . 
  some states try to do otherwise . 
  you already registered beforehand , so no real need . 
  you go and say your name and you sign in the book and go into a booth . 
  if they required id , well , i carry my license on me anyway , so whatever . 
  i prefer it stays with less barriers though . 
  voting is already low enough as it is . 
  i actually would prefer it made where it happened during a holiday . 
  oh , i had no idea . 
  i wonder if maybe putin has already been doing this . 
  well obviously the government can do as they please . 
  i am just saying that if you tell the section that loses to piss off it can lead to problems . 
  democracy is n't mob rule either . 
  complete lack of context . 
  that is n't one person . 
  it is a region that has a strong sense of nationalism for better or worse . 
  they have complaints that they have their language and culture practically wiped out in the past . 
  you know that would never happen because the region has the rest of the country outnumbering it . 
  i do n't even know if they truly want to leave because there is no voting . 
  you have to see the problems that arise if they continue to feel ignored . 
  eventually this might lead to war unless concessions are made . 
  yes , i get that . 
  i was hoping for a no result . 
  i am trying to point out that saying to yes voters that they lost and get over it just is going to cause problems . 
  i was n't trying to say anything bad about finland . 
  i definitely was n't pulling a putin either and saying it goes down in 48 hours either . 
  i was just trying to say that if russia was in a crazy enough mode where they are doing full blown open invasions of finland , they could just throw bodies at finland until they get what they want . 
  i just picture all of finland getting napalmed from the air and not being able to stop it . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  i did n't realize it went that far back . 
  if there is a section of the country that desperately does n't want to be a part of spain , what does it matter what a piece of paper says ? 
  in the end , it is just a piece of paper . 
  usa was torn apart because of it . 
  they definitely did n't care about what was written on paper then . 
  the only long term solution is making sure they get placated with concessions or resentment will just continue to boil over and eventually could lead to rioting and terrorism/war . 
  uk did something that was a lot more democratic than how spain handles it . 
  the government dismissing their citizens . 
  i did n't mean him personally regardless of what country he is in . 
  not like any individual matters on their own . 
  what is the reasoning on scotland getting more money ? 
  is it because of the oil ? 
  they could always get another king to step down to buy a few months . 
  yes and he never had a majority when `` elected '' . 
  jesus , literally one fucking step to jump to hitler . 
  democracy . 
  democracy causes hitler . 
  anything that trolls spain makes me happy . 
  uk gets to stick together and make spain look like an absolute monarchy . 
  put to rest ? 
  how ? 
  by dismissing millions of your citizens that literally were so upset with government they wanted to split the country ? 
  sure , plenty do , but there are over 300 million people and it is a large country . 
  most are kind of clueless of the world outside of the borders because of how large the country is . 
  it is cheaper to stay on this side of the atlantic too . 
  lots of trips to places like mexico . 
  regardless , there is a ton of history there . 
  like florida ? 
  when people rather go to countries in a war , it is pretty depressing . 
  harsh . 
  which is bullshit . 
  if the spanish really want to split , the scottish are n't going to have anything to do with it . 
  bit ridiculous to complain about england when they willingly allow a vote in the first place . 
  i honestly do n't get where any of the criticism comes from . 
  so it could be used as a way to challenge laws in court .
