  cockroaches . 
  but again , where is the usa countries not to have a military ? 
  they celebrate the countries that do like uk france poland greece and baltics . 
  you ca n't blame the usa for europeans being cheap . 
  the vast majority of eu likes free shit . 
  what a surprise . 
  you ca n't mooch and complain at same time . 
  usa does n't control foreign budgets . 
  how exactly is usa preventing a country from building a military ? 
  usa encourages countries to spend on defense . 
  the way you are talking sounds like you want a different nato but with a different leader of usa . 
  nothing is stopping france from spending more on defense either . 
  in fact , it is countries on their own that are cutting which goes against what usa specifically asks for . 
  usa wants countries to contribute to their own defense along with the protection from usa . 
  they were trying to appease russia . 
  considering the fact that nato military force is almost completely usa , not likely , why ? 
  should have been dissolved ? 
  feel free to vote towards that if you feel that way , but i 'm sure ukraine wished they were in nato at the moment and estonia and lithuania have people living there that might disagree with you on account of recent incidents . 
  france also happens to have a pretty decent military . 
  there are plenty of examples of countries that have a joke for defense because they go on the notion that the usa is their military . 
  of course they only risk lives and money that benefit them . 
  they did n't want instability in europe . 
  afghanistan was n't just holding on to osama . 
  the organization is n't one person . 
  they were running bases in that country . 
  taliban was essentially one in the same due to the taliban acting as sponsors . 
  if they did n't become their new base once al qaeda for the most part left sudan , they never would have ended up attacked . 
  afghanistan was a defensive war . 
  libya and iraq was not nato . 
  no one is entitled to free water treatment plants and sewage . 
  they actually are in europe somewhat . 
  and they did n't need to invade ukraine until they did . 
  because it ca n't afford to do good all over the damn planet every single time . 
  considering it happened right in europe , it was in their interest to stop it . 
  why is that hard to comprehend ? 
  you want to reach some more to defend genocide ? 
  i know you are all about whataboutism if given the chance on any given topic no matter how much of a stretch . 
  i was n't aware usa has a vast colonial empire . 
  start a thread about it instead of the obvious deflection . 
  they attacked with air strikes to knock off serbian genocides . 
  yes clearly nato is evil . 
  poor serbia . 
  can you read ? 
  to encourage space travel . 
  everyone will be so worried about having russia for a neighbor they will figure out a way to colonize space . 
  putin is just trying to get star trek up and running . 
  thanks for that video . 
  i love watching that kind of stuff . 
  sorry but where is nato invading countries and annexing land ? 
  the express purpose is defensive alliance . 
  sorry , what is og ? 
  also what makes you think eu or usa is only slightly better than russia ? 
  i can think of lies of different ways that living in either eu or nato countries is amazing compared to russia . 
  i much prefer sanctions to actual wars especially if they can accomplish the same goals . 
  the atlantic in putin 's dreams . 
  that is n't how math works . 
  there have also been a lot more down airliners than just those three , but you just want to bash america in a russia thread . 
  shocker . 
  american whataboutism just never happens here . 
  also your reference from decades ago , the russian version from long ago was far more egregious . 
  ok , sorry for generalizing . 
  russia has only been involved in two civilian airliners being shot down . 
  only two , guys !, 
  do n't get any wrong ideas . 
  i do n't want to tarnish russia 's good name . 
  they also do n't invade the entire world . 
  just their neighbors . 
  most of eu is still safe for now . 
  please stop saying all the bad things . 
  what have i said that is a lie ? 
  the thread is about russia and airliners . 
  how is anything i 'm saying not relevant ? 
  how am i insulting portugal ? 
  i am quite fond of portugal . 
  i was just asking him to maintain perspective . 
  no , you are right , russia can never ever be criticized . 
  shit , they are the model government that all people strive to live under . 
  everyone loves them for a neighbor as well . 
  i saw what i assumed was joke comments about it being sold to them . 
  i would assume being put on the market does n't mean anyone could buy it . 
  some countries are banned from certain sales . 
  how is it hypocritical ? 
  russia has been involved in multiple airliners being shot out of the sky . 
  what circle jerk ? 
  did i say something that was wrong ? 
  they have a nice habit of denying the hell out of all their obvious bullshit as well . 
  maybe when they are done suing lithuania , they can sue malaysia for littering and ruining the vacation plans of russian army . 
  ha , i was not aware of that move . 
  i have seen that referenced before , but honestly thought that was a joke . 
  uk selling carriers to russia sounds beyond crazy . 
  last thing russia needs is force projection . 
  it is a relief that they have a joke of a navy . 
  i 'm glad france did that , but it was ridiculous that the deal was in place to begin with considering the instability that russia foments on their borders and the fact that it is literally an assault ship that is only useful for attacking shores . 
  when i see sanctions that hit russian fuel sales , then i 'll know eu actually is interested in putting the screws to russia and their bullshit . 
  why stop at one link ? 
  did n't want to mention korean air lines or russia attempting to pretend they did n't shoot down an airliner with a fighter jet ? 
  the world functions just fine without russian air space . 
  planes have a habit of falling out of the sky when russia is involved . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  hitler was killing people because they were part of target groups .
