  shame winter ends so quickly there eh ? 
  jeez , i just assumed insulation was the one thing that would not got skimped on in a region like that . 
  lambo is owned by german company and i would take a porsche over anything with an audi for every day . 
  that is really brutal . 
  you should work in tourism . 
   pretty good being born in the west is like winning the lottery at birth . 
  life is easy mode compared to the horrors of the rest of the world . 
  i do n't think there is anything unreasonable about what you said . 
  it was a reply about your black lungs comment . 
  i never said companies should be able to bypass regulations . 
  they should be up front about it . 
  if the regulations are too strict then they should be modified openly with everyone involved in the process versus just cheating on your own . 
  not passing an emissions test at a certain profitable price point that would still sell with consumers does not make a company junk . 
  you know diesel cars are a tiny drop in the bucket of pollution in the usa right ? 
  car companies have literally known they were killing people and been fined less . 
  it also requires a good board . 
  i think that is up to a federal government to decide on what a refugee is . 
  i have a very hard time faulting people for moving to the eu versus staying in a war zone . 
  how ? 
  how is this related ? 
  talk about agenda pushing . 
  drone warfare . 
  why are you talking about usa ? 
  that had nothing to do with the comment . 
  you did a lot of unfortunate number crunching over a misunderstanding . 
  i was speaking about brazil . 
  what are you trying to compare ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  honestly it was my understanding that there were never many natives in the first place which is why they imported so many slaves . 
  turn in your flair for that car comment . 
  10/10 on freedom scale . 
  i think we have different definitions of tropical . 
  i think neither side is blameless . 
  i simply criticize saying it is equal for the sake of being nice . 
  better to not comment at all if that is the case versus saying something that is a lie for the sake of not offending the bots out here . 
  they do n't do their best to avoid that even in their own borders . 
  where do you even get that impression ? 
  he has his goal and all info leads towards it no matter what . 
  i would say improving , but people will always be shit to outsiders in some form or degree . 
  obviously it is a generalization and there are tons of good people out there . 
  you rode co pilot ? 
  i am glad you are safe . 
  it is no secret on the methods being used by assad and his allies . 
  so brave, 
  not sure what my flair has to do with my statement . 
  this sub is full of toxic people like you . 
  deporting illegal immigrants is not semantics . 
  so his opinion is only shared by jihadists ? 
  jihadists do n't drop bombs on civilians . 
  what would you call people that do that ? 
  civilized westerners ? 
  the middle ground is not the truth by default . 
  who thought for one second that there is no racism in the usa or any country for that matter ? 
  you do n't speak for everyone . 
  i am not the fool that calls russia asian . 
  russian has always been centered in europe and are a very important part of europe . 
  eu does not equal europe . 
  that is a pointless comment . 
  that website is also not an authority on anything . 
  no it is all france . 
  so why would geography make you rule out their military to make your ranking of italy appear better ? 
  is denmark barely european because of greenland ? 
  you are obviously stretching to massage statistics . 
  most people call that lying and it is completely transparent . 
  that is an idiotic metric . 
  russia is a european nation that colonized asia through imperialism . 
  most of that land is only good for resources and is barely inhabited . 
  is france a south american country too in your eyes ? 
  most of the population is in european russia . 
  honestly one of the dumbest things i have read in awhile . 
  how the fuck is russia asian ? 
  wait , that bothers you , but the spain one does n't ? 
  the spain one definitely rustled my jimmies . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could form that opinion of the uk . 
  ah , it was a joke about claiming all the credit while distancing oneself from the blame . 
  it varies . 
  you misunderstood . 
  i mean they seem so out of place here . 
  corruption is more of a local government thing or a different variety like corporations funding politicians . 
  attempting to bribe federal officials would give you a whole lot of trouble . 
  the people are paid well with good benefits and security paired with lots of requirements and competition to land those spots . 
  you would be a fool to throw it away for some petty bribes . 
  well in the usa there is definitely more murder than eu , but from experience it all pretty much happens in very poor areas and usually includes illegal activities like gangs and drugs . 
  there is of course very personal crimes involving people that know each other like spouses or siblings or whatever . 
  someone that is middle class or well off that lives a normal life has nothing really to fear other than hysteria from following the ratings chase done by news . 
  no one reports the boring or bland . 
  it is a shame that russia has to look back at ussr as a good moment versus the present when they should be as developed as the rest of europe if not one of the richer countries . 
  that i think is what improves the lives of people more than any other factor . 
  cash fixes lots of problems in people 's lives . 
  i choose to believe that most people do not aspire to be violent and hurt others and that outside circumstances are what cause most of it . 
  bribes seem so out of place for border crossing . 
  here if you want quick treatment you sign up for essentially a vip program to get vetted and pay a fee for it . 
  i mean , i admit i shit a lot on russian government behavior , but i do n't consider the people there to be lawless and violent . 
  i have always wanted to visit moscow and/or spb just for the history alone . 
  i never really thought it would be dangerous . 
  your thoughts on life after putin are depressing especially because they are very accurate in my opinion . 
  shit , you would think they would be happy about people coming to spend money . 
  you honestly consider russia to be dangerous even right there in moscow ? 
  i was counting russia with my original comment . 
  i assumed you were joking by the way .
