  they are allies with independent governments . 
   usa gtfo europe , you make everything complicated here ... sure seems like an attack on usa for helping eu countries defend themselves . 
  these countries ask for this . 
  none of that which usa is doing helps defend usa even the tiniest bit . 
  in fact poland got pissed off when usa cancelled their missile base in poland . 
  ah , ok , that makes a lot more sense now . 
  thanks . 
  oh i did n't mean it like it was a desert . 
  just seems like paying money to support the operating and maintenance cost based on usage instead of some vague general tax revenue seems the most equitable way to support the costs . 
  i just figure everything increases cost . 
  more water used is more water that needs to be treated among other things . 
  plus it makes paying for the cost more equitable among citizens . 
  i 'm just so used to water being sold and paid for as a resource . 
  it seems like the most fair alternative for me . 
  countries do n't exist on an island . 
  countries have allies . 
  your complaint specifically was an attack on usa which is utter bullshit considering your complaints have everything to do with europeans and their desire to hate military spending . 
  also you are delusional if you think russia loves eu and does n't view it as an enemy . 
  usa has absolutely nothing to do with that . 
  ukraine and moldova are being threatened by russia because of their attempt at trading with eu . 
  these fantasies of thinking russia antagonizing european neighbors after doing it for centuries if usa would just cease to exist are far fetched . 
  i just find it hysterical when he denigrates countries with less influence yet criticizes the behavior from countries that are larger than his . 
  which is fine , except that is a criticism of europe in general and usa absolutely is n't to blame for the politics of europeans . 
  those countries decide their own budgets . 
  the eu in general does the opposite of what usa has been asking and somehow you turn it into a rant against america . 
  these signs are hilarious . 
  nothing wrong with being blessed with faces that are perfect for radio . 
  how is water taxed currently ? 
  what exactly is done to curtail use currently ? 
  this is honestly foreign to me . 
  i am used to state monopoly companies taking care of water or using private wells . 
  if it was n't increased it would lead to massive deflation . 
  inflation is very low . 
  usa has a massive domestic economy and still exports a huge amount on top of american companies operating in other countries . 
  you are blind with either idealogy or ignorance . 
  pick one . 
  no one is forced to buy us securities . 
  they are highly desired because buyers know a default ca n't happen . 
  the debt is always paid right on time . 
  lol . 
  whatever you say , phony . 
  usa 's demand for goods helps support the lives of people all over the globe . 
  their military protects vast regions of the world on usa taxpayers ' dime alone . 
  seriously ? 
  water is this widespread that the water is to dangerous to even wash with ? 
  there is no reason to antagonize them . 
  i take it you agree that only big countries should matter then ? 
  quit using usa as a scape goat for your problems . 
  you should be critical of european countries that hate military spending . 
  usa tells them to increase it and many europeans call usa warmongers as a response . 
  yes i hope so too . 
  at least politicians are n't acting under the stupid bush doctrine anymore . 
  i was so disgusted with those eight years . 
  yes and bush also tried to play nice with putin . 
  see how usa does nothing about georgia war . 
  bush also was complimentary towards putin . 
  obama tried to improve relations just like bush did . 
  the west has to behave better than russia and at least attempt diplomacy . 
  there would be a world war if everyone behaved like russia . 
  syria also is n't an american responsibility . 
  nothing stops eu from acting instead of criticizing on the sidelines . 
  the chinese should do something if they hate their government so much . 
  the russians cheer invasions . 
  modern day temperance movement . 
  i hate them . 
  i am forced into being a democrat . 
  if you saw the insanity of the people that ran in gop primaries you would understand . 
  how is obama weak ? 
  democrats were in charge when osama was hunted and killed . 
  hillary clinton is even more hawkish than obama . 
  i just instantly dismiss anyone that refers to them . 
  pure garbage . 
  ukraine was never going to be their own country either but look what happened . 
  nato does n't want to invade russia , just to keep it from invading neighbors . 
  9-11 provided fuel for reactionary politics . 
  it sucks and american people are n't thrilled either . 
  wait , are those sites from kremlin ? 
  please do n't put that evil on us . 
  bush was bad enough and they have gotten full blown crazy since then . 
  religious people vote . 
  idiots everywhere . 
  i love the people that hate usa and blame it for their own government not having a military . 
  then they complain when usa tells them to increase their military . 
  meanwhile uk has a military while being one of usa 's closest allies . 
  uk could n't be any closer to usa short of sharing a border . 
  somehow they are a fully developed country with an independent government and powerful military anyway . 
  do n't worry , the adults are in charge . 
  when you learn geography and politics you feel free to join the rest of us . 
  i am sure britain does n't have lots of fans in the 1800s around the world . 
  the extreme are always the loudest . 
  i happen to like europe and try to keep as informed as possible about what is going on in it . 
  the people that sound like they live to hate usa just make me laugh . 
  usa 's money supply is given to the entire world . 
  they have to make more money available because of how much is desired all over the world . 
  america does n't have inflation problems . 
  you are beyond full of shit . 
  everything you state is lunacy . 
  they just happen to be the loudest and the dumbest but that is the case everywhere . 
  you should have seen when the post started . 
  i thought i was in this bizarro world .
