  i am not the one bringing it up . 
  i only talk about it when you have scumbags defending a country that is invading europe and annexing land for `` historical reasons '' . 
  historical reasons would have you under germany as well . 
  ah ok , and what happened in 1994 that you are referencing ? 
  i can do math just fine . 
  my math also equates to your country being a welfare state in nato that bitches while the rest of europe does the heavy lifting . 
  please do n't . 
  wooden guns ? 
  when did ukraine invade other countries ? 
  is ukraine under some peace treaty i was n't aware of ? 
  til 2014-2003 = 20 no surprise that you come from a country that ca n't even fully fund your obligations but gladly milk the protection . 
  all of them . 
  yes , the usa even votes for ukraine as well . 
  anyone that does n't comply with the lizard people automatically disappears . 
  from vasco de gama to not even owning destroyers . 
  what the hell , portugal . 
  i really like their triples , but i just prefer that style in general so i 'm obviously biased . 
  if you have the money , you have to spend it on something . 
  might as well be something you like , so why the hell not ? 
  well they are just as dumb here , but you automatically lose if you are n't politically correct , so it is hard to attack them without coming across as an asshole . 
  this makes them complacent and they just get even more greedy . 
  the special preferences and other nonsense that exist over here is absolute bullshit and i hate it . 
  that is because most of it is covered in cobwebs . 
  ask usa for help and they are always willing to bomb the shit out of anything . 
  it is pretty shitty to get criticized for it when so many other countries end up benefiting without doing work themselves . 
  i think triumphs are nice across the board , but they do n't come cheap . 
  sitting on my bike is comfortable , but again it is n't a true sport bike anyway . 
  the sitting position on a sport bike is awful . 
  come on , what makes you think sjw 's do n't do that by default ? 
  they are forever pushing hate on groups that for the most part do n't spend even a minute thinking about them . 
  it is just racism and sexism under the cover of political correctness . 
  they can get fucked as far as i 'm concerned . 
  um , so naturally any neighbor of russia should deport all russians for national security ? 
  iraq was handled awful , but saddam would still be in power if he had n't invaded kuwait and threatened the saudis . 
  pushing back the nazis ? 
  is that what russia invading poland was ? 
  could have fooled me . 
  spanish complaining about mustaches . 
  i think spain needs to import more mirrors . 
  it works both ways . 
  i do n't ride as often as i would like . 
  i own an older kawasaki z750 . 
  i prefer naked bikes for simplicity and do n't feel the need to kill myself on the road which i likely would in a sport bike . 
  i post on tia often because i view crazy feminists with disgust and think their actions are incredibly discriminatory . 
  i am against any special preferences for anyone . 
  i called you out because your comments looked full of bullshit and hate . 
  i would do it for anyone regardless of their position . 
  i do n't take sides in that regard . 
  i just do n't like hate of a bogeyman and do n't think it is healthy in general . 
  mongolia is the last country to be complaining about invading neighbors . 
  ok . those are two countries . 
  neither of which happened in the last hundred years . 
  one has n't happened in 200 years . 
  i will throw that record against russia any day . 
  they are the champ of fucked up dickhead neighboring country by a huge margin . 
  any other country only had short stints of being assholes . 
  i am looking at you , mongolia . 
  you saying portuguese girls are n't hot on their own ? 
  well i ca n't argue against your personal opinions on where you would prefer to live . 
  there is literally zero facts to base that on . 
  i just suspect you will soon hate croatia as well because you have joined the eu . 
  the government is criticized in the usa on a constant daily if not hourly basis . 
  i criticize the us as well . 
  the key here is that no one is punished for it even in extreme cases of threatening physical violence towards government officials . 
  russia meanwhile is literally murdering people for speaking openly and threatening the survivors to keep in line . 
  how do you not see the major difference ? 
  one is clearly superior . 
  russia openly spouts off crazy conspiracy theories as government messages . 
  not done fringe whack job on the internet , direct from the government media itself . 
  i also do n't see how my opinion is being changed by random comments on reddit . 
  no one is paying me to think the way i do or to say the things i say . 
  i also have access to news all over the world . 
  russia has a long history of stupid propaganda and victim stories while being the aggressor . 
  this is n't one or two incidents . 
  you trash the us but it is full of immigrants from all over the world and it is a more successful country than croatia in every possible way . 
  you do n't support segregation because there are n't enough minorities to concern yourself with in the first place . 
  that does n't make you any less racist . 
  gays are a tiny portion of the population . 
  treating them like they are all nymphomaniacs is ridiculous and somehow outnumber issues found in straight people is even more absurd . 
  you openly discriminated against people that barely exist around you . 
  it is no surprise that in an area where different groups of whites exist that are killing each other en masse , that you hate even more diverse people even more . 
  even better is you blaming the regions sectarianism and xenophobia on outside groups while exhibiting those same traits yourself . 
  either way , you ca n't stop any of it . 
  croatia has freedom of movement . 
  the only thing keeping non white people that you love so much from living there is it being a shit hole compared to western europe . 
  i ca n't answer for other americans . 
  i know for myself , that i do n't really care that much . 
  i 'm not going to get in trouble for anything i say no matter how ridiculous . 
  there are americans on facebook right this very second ranting about how they want obama dead and not a thing is happening to them . 
  there also is n't any government censorship that i know of anyway . 
  because low population locations do n't have much crime at all . 
  i was pointing out how wrong you are by your statement . 
  if you are saying it is because small towns are only white , you are wrong . 
  your white supremacy is toxic . 
  i do n't presume that you speak for a whole country . 
  just like i only speak for myself and i do n't let anything you say affect how i would treat any other croat . 
  i purposely mentioned those groups , because you share the same views . 
  you both support ethnic cleansing and segregation . 
  also , you bigoted shithead , gays are people too . 
  you are against them being married , yet you will complain about `` hedonism '' at the same time .
