  who you blaming for that ? 
  i just get amazed at how many people shit on things like the marshall plan even more so when they are benefactors of it as a random example . 
  the reason half of europe rotted has nothing to do with the usa . 
  western europe got to prosper directly because of the usa 's actions . 
  the rest of europe ended up liberated later on because of continued pressure from the usa as well . 
  i live just outside of philly . 
  i do n't pretend to know iowa . 
  it is my understanding that the pay is n't really that great in germany compared to here . 
  no one is getting drafted in the states either . 
  does crime even exist in iowa ? 
  more time off is always nice though . 
  you do n't even have a country in mind ? 
  again , all these countries are different and social democracy is a catch all vague term . 
  have you been to these countries ? 
  what are you lacking that will be found there ? 
  based on what in particular ? 
  and also what countries ? 
  europe is n't monolithic . 
  check the author . 
  what exactly should the usa have done after wwii ? 
  defeat the ussr with a second war ? 
  the ussr would have likely won . 
  there was material support at least as far back as 41 . 
  what exactly is so horrible about life in the usa ? 
  i think i have a nice quality of life in the northeast . 
  so have sex outside . 
  glad that is resolved . 
  i think all holes are sacred , myself . 
  happy international women 's day , ladies !, 
  you have no clue about what you are talking about . 
  is the usa going to collapse because they run a deficit almost every year in their modern history ? 
  culture wo n't pay bills though . 
  what makes you think you get paid better there versus at home ? 
  how do you fix a country ? 
  that is great . 
  i have been in those . 
  they spin and push you against the wall . 
  what is that on the outside ? 
  to be fair i like both . 
  i agree . 
  i was just saying it is n't fair because nothing really is . 
  that is a far cry from being railroaded and demonized . 
  i was essentially agreeing . 
  so much trolling , lol . 
  railroads ? 
  that user name cracks me up, 
  well maybe not fairly , but absolutely not like hitler . 
  i only say that because it is never fair for the losers . 
  napoleon has plenty of positive things said about him even if he lost . 
  that is my mistake of constantly using russia by accident because the ussr is n't around anymore . 
  i just refuse to believe that people fought just because they are scared of stalin . 
  stalin was an awful leader . 
  those countries you mentioned were less powerful than the ussr so that is why they lost . 
  it is n't like the french or polish gave up . 
  they kept fighting until the end even after occupation . 
  same goes in the balkans . 
  the soviets fought for their survival . 
  why would they surrender before germany reached moscow ? 
  it was not because of stalin peptalks that they decided to fight to the death . 
  survival is literally instinct . 
  there is no thinking involved when that kicks in . 
  it is what makes people freak the fuck out from getting waterboarded in a `` safe '' manner . 
  it is what drives people to great lengths to survive including even mutilating themselves or cannibalism . 
  i do n't consider you an awful person if you tried to stay alive during an attempted murder . 
  so , you would allow yourself to be killed rather than defend yourself ? 
  you are literally a suicidal pacifist ? 
  i feel like you are throwing all logic out the window in order to follow these extreme and non logical conclusions . 
  context is a thing . 
  you also keep ignoring that death is almost always a by product of war and not the goal of it . 
  except there is no `` profit '' from slaughtering people . 
  the end goal is exterminating people . 
  some noble nonsense of how every death is evil is complete nonsense . 
  i just gave you an example . 
  so you agree then that killing someone is self defense is literally the same thing as killing people in camps ? 
  that is what you want to go with ? 
  killing people is n't generally the goal of wars . 
  the goal is to obtain surrender . 
  the goal of death camps is slaughter . 
  war is the cost of gaining resources land etc. 
  the goal is n't to kill people , it is a side effect . 
  killing in camps is literally making death the sole and primary goal . 
  you think all deaths are equal ? 
  killing someone in self defense amd murdering someone in cold blood are the same then ? 
  people call people like hitler a monster because of the motivations and conditions of the deaths , not just because of body counts . 
   in camps or during peacetime that was a criticism of both stalin and hitler . 
  killing people in camps is fucking horrendous no matter if it is wartime or peacetime . 
  you continue to keep ignoring the statements i am making about how stalin increased casualty counts and somehow even flip it to where it is something in his favor . 
  he caused more russians to die than were needed . 
  it is fucking monstrous to send people to fight in wars barehanded . 
  he killed off his leaders as well . 
  he had absolutely no fucking clue what he was doing . 
  any leader doing nothing would have been an improvement over him . 
  he was n't even ready for the attack by germany and was completely blindsided as well . 
  you are also ignoring that russia had massive amounts of resources being shipped their way and germany was consistently getting attacked from the uk and from southern europe in the balkans . 
  at no point was russia fighting `` alone '' against the axis . 
  i 'm not trying to downplay the important role of the ussr . 
  i 'm just stating that the ussr sure as shit did n't win wwii solo . 
  you are ignoring the part russia was in a much better position than france or poland could ever dream of being in . 
  poland got fucking gangbanged by two countries that were each on their own much stronger than poland . 
  russia was being fed resources from elsewhere and was fighting a country that had to defend itself on multiple fronts at once and constantly having it 's production attacked .
