  i am playing by the same rules as everyone else in this country and i ca n't change the lives of the people that live here much less around the globe . 
  i pay all my taxes and commit no crimes and treat people fairly . 
  i grew up poor with immigrant parents . 
  sorry , but i am not going to feel any kind of collective guilt for enjoying the fruits of living responsibly . 
  how are you making the world better with your smug posts about wage slavery and insulting the reality of what slavery truly is ? 
  holy shit you are so deep . 
  get a job or start your revolution . 
  your parents are probably tired of your shit by now , marx junior . 
  my life is better than most people on the planet including europe by a very large margin . 
  it is n't slavery to be paid for a service . 
  i am not killing myself because my life is n't the same as kanye . 
  i know sometimes parts of finland goes dark . 
  that was the joke . 
  eh , i was just making a simple joke . 
  peace through ethnic wars ? 
  what would the rest of europe look like if it acted like russia ? 
  oh right , like centuries of warfare that you can reference in history . 
  no need to contemplate anything there . 
  i do n't take it seriously unless you think i think the sun does n't touch finland for real . 
  that is true . 
  they want to enjoy western life while complaining the whole time . 
  they would neve actually move to russia and deal with the hell there versus the easy life eu has . 
  you dismissed negative things because of one report . 
  yeah , hating america and the solution is to love a place that is worse is something that is really stupid to do . 
  you are the one that says one ca n't have positives and negatives at the same time . 
  i do n't know why everyone complains about slavery if this is slavery . 
  life better than 99 % of the people is slavery ? 
  they also had europe allowing them to get stronger and stronger and they still lost . 
  they never had a chance to win . 
  what do you base that on that i only see negatives ? 
  how does this benefit the usa in general ? 
  they are n't a state . 
  it is also hard to have a good economy in a remote islands chain . 
  they tend to be in germany and italy from my observations . 
  of course it is never the people that got to feel the full love of russia up close and personal . 
  the only way to be friends with russia is to have a buffer that keeps them away and to be completely ignorant of how they treat their neighbors . 
  is there no sun in finland in order for you to see the world in just black and white ? 
  that makes zero sense . 
  also , none of those things are free anywhere . 
  life is good for a slave then . 
  why do they deserve this if they have no economy ? 
  should we just hand them all money for some reason ? 
  only what makes russia look good is real like ukraine shooting down civilian jets for some reason . 
  yes it does because it was started by english speaking brits . 
  wtf is your point ? 
  my family emigrated here for a better life from a dictator in europe . 
  maybe you could do the reverse and emigrate to syria or russia unless you are just brainless talk . 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  i guess russia is n't a real nation either if it has places full of muslims that want out that are n't ethnic russians . 
  people protest all the time in the west and do n't get slaughtered . 
  is there a reason you choose to live in italy when you love fascists so much ? 
  does your passport not work ? 
  so you do support constant warfare . 
  how the fuck you saying there is no war in ukraine ? 
  it is n't just crimea . 
  they invaded the east as well . 
  you are a relic of the past and support bloodshed and war everywhere . 
  usa is a real nation . 
  it is older than yours because all you italians could do is fight each other constantly for centuries . 
  i guess belgium is n't a real nation or bosnia or france or the uk ? 
  well the french for starters . 
  maybe serbia can form greater serbia as well since you support ethnic conquest . 
  maybe turkey should carve a piece out of syria ? 
  great insight . 
  dictators never have rebellions . 
  like for instance in all the neighboring countries . 
  people react well to being murdered dieing protests as well . 
  it makes them very happy . 
  would you like your country run by assad since he is such a great leader ? 
  so should belgium be liberated ? 
  should the balkans be in perpetual war ? 
  assad started that civil war by being a shit leader that kills his own people , but fuck them , right ? 
  syrians do n't deserve rights and are barely people . 
  all that matters is stability for europeans at any cost ? 
  remind me again when america entered into a war inside of ukraine . 
  do you know what words mean or do you just throw up whatever rt tells you ? 
  the only thing russia wants is their empire back . 
  and germany lost the economy battles during wwii , so i do n't see what your point is . 
  i see . 
  so iran will get invaded by european countries as well because european countries are mad about people using euro ? 
  no one in eastern europe would want to become ukraine by losing their protection . 
  lol , / r/conspiracy calls . 
  so , russia has found a magical way to function irrespective of a functioning economy ? 
  economy is always important even in the middle of a war . 
  so you are saying if it is n't defensive then there is zero justification from russia behind their actions , right ? 
  i do n't know why you keep talking about conspiracies , since all the conspiracies are coming from russian government and their media and their supporters . 
  or did you forget all the lies along the way concerning russian involvement in ukraine only to admit some of it later ? 
  how ? 
  with what money ? 
  obama did not push to invade countries . 
  ukraine wanted the eu deal and the usa has nothing to do with it . 
  the prime minister campaigned that he would take that deal . 
  the eu was the ones most involved with ukraine . 
  somehow anything happens on the planet and obama is responsible ? 
  tell me again how obama personally caused something and is literally the same as bush . 
  bush was the main person responsible for iraq invasion in case you forgot . 
  do you understand how to compare things fairly or do you think a drone strike and wwii are both the same thing ? 
  and no one gives a shit about nobel peace prize . 
  tell again how what you said had anything to do with ukraine . 
  usa has drones and air strikes in ukraine ?
