  how can he speak for literally three continents and billions of people ? 
  they are n't trapped like north korea . 
  i learn things outside of school and past my childhood . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  well yeah i mean practically impossible . 
  you are right . 
  they ate close with eu and up in a huge mountain range with a heavily trained militia . 
  i think swiss is different . 
  they do n't belong to anything . 
  they have zero incentive to join anything . 
  they are protected by nato for free and are basically impossible to invade . 
  well it was right in europe . 
  if there was genocide happening right in mexico usa would intervene . 
  the bombing absolutely saved lives as well . 
  having self interest in stopping genocide in the back yard does n't make it less worthwhile . 
  the larger argument from me is that there is no such thing as neutral and pacifism is n't morally superior . 
  pacifists watch slaughter and tut tut countries that dare to find their own defense and create stability that allows these people to whine in the first place . 
  no one in europe would have been in favor of disbanding their military 100 years ago for instance . 
  ukraine could happen anywhere if not for nato . 
  but it already is inside of eu . 
  eu has a defense pledge . 
  russia would never agree to any country joining nato . 
  they would flip over monaco joining . 
  i agree 100 % that iraq is and was a disaster . 
  afghanistan was justified and i would do it over again . 
  although i would gladly wish bush never took office . 
  afghanistan no longer has the taliban in power either . 
  i should also add that usa is called a war monger for even having a military long before iraq happened . 
  uk gets called militant lap dogs of the usa for using their military as well . 
  meanwhile in serbia ... 
  many letters were written and genocide was prevented !, 
  implying that russians do n't praise stalin as well . 
  must kill all provocateurs . 
  dissent will be fixed through gulags and genocide . 
  totally justified . 
  yeah except george washington is a traitor . 
  you also do n't invade russia with 5k men . 
  what the fuck is that accomplishing ? 
  thankfully usa does n't need to save the world . 
  they just threaten to smack down anyone that threatens to act up . 
  so long as no major threats pop up at the same time it works . 
  with no more iraq and afghanistan wars usa is freed up again . 
  it is absurd though that the richest countries in the world spend nothing on their military and ridicule the countries protecting them while doing it . 
  that is what drafts are for . 
  just how well trained do you think russian conscripts are ? 
  also this is just theory . 
  there is always usa there protecting uk/france and thankfully those countries take their military seriously . 
  yes but what stops austria from doing what it wants now ? 
  someone going to invade if they join nato ? 
  they clearly do n't want to spend anything in the first place from looking at the sorry state of their current military . 
  eu also is a military alliance since there are provisions calling for defense if any country is attacked . 
  who cares ? 
  germany is one country now and that was n't allowed in 1945 . 
  austria gets all the benefits of nato without spending a dime . 
  constitutions can be changed . 
  truly the germans are living in poverty versus the billionaires in the isles . 
  western europe is spoiled with defense matters . 
  they will either mooch off usa or the french and british all while calling these countries war mongers . 
  they would never have to fight russia alone . 
  why are you saying russia has more manpower ? 
  france and the uk alone have big populations never mind the rest of eu . 
  this statement is wrong for so many reasons . 
  what is difference ? 
  shocking to see a russian bring up usa with zero context or reasoning . 
  yes exactly . 
  usa is always capturing people and bring them to usa for invading usa . 
  why is propaganda in quotes ? 
  well eu can trade with those countries just fine but then russia starts throwing threats around . 
  truly worthless . 
  just a bunch of nations with no money and lots of resources . 
  just a way to keep countries in grasp of russia . 
  there is nothing to be gained for non russia countries in this arrangement . 
  all three of those things are threats to stability . 
  russia also claimed to control countries not named russia . 
  that is n't open to dialogue . 
  that is open to eu stopping sanctions while russia does whatever it pleased with zero excuses . 
  lavrov has also said it is completely up to eu to end sanctions and russia had nothing to do with it . 
  who freaks out over a bayonet ? 
  still do for multiple lanes in a busy bank . 
  russia is going through a massive militarization program . 
  most of the population is close to moscow as well . 
  what is some random town in siberia going to do against moscow ? 
  they are well versed on irregular warfare on both sides of it . 
  they wo n't get caught off guard . 
  politicians in western countries would love approval ratings falling to 83 % . 
  i do understand what you are saying . 
  it is just very hard to gauge a country that is so isolated . 
  yes , because rufed is clearly as weak now as it was immediately after the collapse of ussr . 
  grozny really is an impressive sight after `` winning '' against russia . 
  chechnya never had a chance to be an independent country before russia crushed them . 
  the politicians are now bribed and are loyal to moscow along with chechnya having money invested in rebuilding it . 
  would you like to see before and after pictures of grozny when rebellion was an issue ? 
  this is the bullshit of the american right on display in comments section :  does anyone care to guess what differs most between putin and obama ? 
   putin is a patriot . 
  i could just imagine if internet existed during wwii . 
  you 'd have assholes jerking off with their smug contrary opinions giving hero worship to hitler . 
  well i have seen it as absolute anarchy and mob rule in rufed for the entire rule of that embarrassment of yeltsin . 
  i thought the actions in chechnya were absolutely horrifying but then hoped things were improved afterwards . 
  putin seemed to be more concerned with the improvement of russian economy and internal matters for several years . 
  then he starts acting brave right before georgia and he 's been beating his chest since to show how strong russia is .
