  they do n't invade france in retaliation . 
  we are friends not slave masters . 
  pretending to be a super power while having an economy that is smaller than all the rich countries of europe and dwarfed by usa 8 times over is not thriving . 
  they are a poor country . 
  give a homeless guy a $ 100 and you could `` double his gdp '' . 
  meanwhile that is just a drop in the bucket for you . 
  they are also a one trick pony economy that is pouring stupid amounts of money into their military instead of trying to diversify their economy . 
  state spending is also incredibly important over there because most of their business is nationalized . 
  what the hell is that ? 
  so perfect . 
  and you think that is from great leadership by putin or just the fact that they sit on giant gas reserves and are connected to the largest market on planet which is the eu ? 
  their entire economy rides on the price of fuel . 
  there is no diversification . 
  i am pretty sure germans are n't salivating on getting their hands on some fine russian engineering like a lada . 
  look at how they had to sell their gas at a discount to china in an attempt to diversify from eu . 
  china will fuck over russia like no other , you ca n't play china , because it has a unified front versus tens of countries all concerned with themselves in the eu . 
  what do you think happens when europe pulls away from russia hard and throws sanctions at russia . 
  their economy depends on eu way more than the reverse . 
  meanwhile eu is now scared of russia after this bullshit behavior and will make energy independence from russia their primary goal because it is a huge security issue for them . 
  yes , that is why i think the eu could lead to improved lives for all of europe . 
  i want to see it do well . 
  there is so much promise with the idea . 
  it is a damn shame how corrupt the worthless governments are in portugal and spain . 
  both countries could be doing so much better and the people deserve better . 
  usa does n't control the countries where they have bases . 
  saudi arabia does whatever the fuck it wants . 
  usa and saudi share common interests . 
  i fucking hate that country to be honest . 
  the shit usa did to iran would make me absolutely hate usa if i was an older citizen of iran as well . 
  i 'd feel really resentful as a younger iranian as well due to being forced to live in their current government as a result of a chain reaction that usa set off . 
  usa is n't in any country where the people do n't want them there . 
  usa also listens to their allies . 
  look at how they left iraq . 
  usa has left other bases as well when told to . 
  they do n't control anywhere outside of usa actual territory . 
  the countries that do ally themselves with usa end up improving as well . 
  it is a two way street . 
  everyone gains . 
  mexico 's standard of life depends entirely on usa trade for instance . 
  compare life in colombia versus venezuela . 
  and the immigrants that do come to usa are not kidnapped . 
  my family is included in that group . 
  they came here from europe for a better life . 
  usa is n't taking hostages . 
  demonizing the us just seems silly to me . 
  look at how many countries leave the soviet network to flip over to us/eu / `` western '' countries . 
  compare that to how many do the reverse . 
  shit even vietnam , the only country in the world to win a war against usa and did it very recently is incredibly pro-usa . 
  working with the usa improves the lives of everyone involved . 
  the same can most definitely not be said for russia . 
  obviously . 
  i 'm honestly not sure how i feel about that . 
  i 'm obviously biased against portugal getting thrown under spanish rule again , but portugal is so screwed up right now , belonging to the peninsula as a whole federation might help and the politics could n't possibly get worse than the useless shits that run portugal now . 
  my extended family tells me how bad it is over there . 
  of course my immediate family are part of the larger problem of people leaving in droves for greener pastures . 
  i understand where catalans are coming from . 
  the only thing that matters in that country is castille and madrid . 
  fucked up way to run a country . 
  there are so many different groups . 
  oh , i already know the reasons behind it with franco and then the monarchy . 
  it is a pretty shitty way to run a country in my opinion . 
  why spain is n't governed in a more federal system is beyond me . 
  i mean the usa is practically different countries depending on which state you are in with how different the places can be yet as a whole the country sort of functions . 
  it is a damn shame too , because it is a beautiful country . 
  i 'd like to visit more , but i 've only ever been to galicia just barely past the border and in madrid . 
  do n't you consider it counter productive to go nuts on a tourist is n't aware of internal politics when you are actually angry with your own government ? 
  i mean you in general , not you specifically . 
  my family is from portugal so i am only semi aware of spanish issues . 
  portugal is totally fucked economically and demographically but at least they are n't trying to tear themselves apart like their richer neighbor i suppose . 
  nope , was n't mentioned in the title . 
  never happened then . 
  the british isles never fail to entertain . 
  there goes chemotherapy . 
  putin could pop his head up from the hatch of a t-90 in the middle of kiev and there would still be people wanting to talk about how usa is the biggest threat in the world and russia is n't doing anything . 
  north korea also survives . 
  the last time russia was thriving they had eagles on their flag . 
  that is nothing compared to ukraine 's southern border . 
  ha , well i was n't really trying to say anything bad about the uk . 
  i do n't have anything negative to say about them . 
  that is n't exactly an amazing hurdle to clear , being better than north korea while surrounded by democracies in the middle of europe . 
  i 've only heard bad things and that they make a ton of tractors . 
  i do n't think there is any help for people that randomly talk about fascism on vacation . 
  nothing wrong with portugal , man . 
  algarve is the shit . 
  plus , you can worship jesus by making a visit to the luz . 
  what kind of heathen says gracias versus obrigado ? 
  they actively cheer against spain ? 
  that is some hardcore bitterness . 
  how would you compare that versus catalans ? 
  what in the world do you have against sangria ? 
  france , everyone !, 
  great website . 
  are they happy that way , or kept `` happy '' with military and secret police ? 
  i do n't think anyone would consider russians crazy fanatics . 
  at worst you could call them nationalists , but that is hardly unique to russia . 
  yeah i mentioned earlier the negatives to this . 
  i just would prefer more infrastructure jobs i guess that actually pay a fair wage . 
  i am no slave master . 
  i am also not inventing the children who would cut school on a regular basis to play basketball in the middle of the day . 
  there was crime everywhere .
