  that does n't get too much traction with the paint chip eaters over at / r/conspiracy though . 
  i love when idiots run their mouth off . 
  they are n't dueling at high noon you know . 
  which would never happen . 
  nato is not abandoning turkey , a long time ally spanning at least half a century . 
  except you are ignoring that the interest is so low that america borrows for free at times or even profits from inflation being higher than yield . 
  treasury bonds ate the safest security in the world because it is impossible for the government to default . 
  no , government owned debt is not a ponzi scheme . 
  you are not more observant than the world 's collection of investors that snap up american bonds . 
  if the debt was precarious , the yields would skyrocket along with debt rating getting downgraded . 
  you did n't dispute anything about my statement . 
  it also does n't even matter if china had 100 % of the bonds . 
  america is using free money to run its government . 
  russia does n't have that luxury . 
  yeah , so like i said a big chunk is accounting tricks inside of the government and americans own far more of the debt than foreign sources do . 
  china has just over one trillion in bonds . 
  what exactly are you correcting me on ? 
  i meant your basis for it . 
  you are also ignoring the risk of russian inflation in the meantime . 
  no china is not america 's bank . 
  most debt is held by the american government and people . 
  lots of times america profits from borrowing because the yield is lower than inflation . 
  lol , you blame ukraine for dead dutch and not the actual murderers ? 
  you claim this how ? 
  the lower the yield on a bond means the lower the risk . 
  this is why junk bonds have the highest yields . 
  russia has shit credit and is not dependable . 
  putin , is that you ? 
  do you think the entire world is dumber than you ? 
  look at the rate of bonds for each country and there is your answer . 
  because they might default and not pay . 
  absolutely . 
  he is a great american philosopher . 
  that makes no sense . 
  russia has shit credit . 
  they are paying bills with credit cards relatively speaking compared to many western countries yet they pretend they are a super power ? 
  can you explain this comment ? 
  i am not high enough for it . 
  you ca n't just look at national debt when they have nationalized companies with lots of debt backed by russian government . 
  yeah , very popular , that is why the yield is so high . 
  i am pretty sure no one confuses russian debt with an american treasury bond . 
  shit countries pay high interest . 
  russia has more in common with venezuela than the usa . 
  i mean , are you criticizing a government for not having a 200 year plan in place ? 
  nah , i am good . 
  i have no desire to tell people they are n't allowed to have better lives just because they live near delusional russians that think it is their birthright to rule over europe especially when the country is a barely functioning gas station . 
  well if they are n't allowed there anyway , that seems like a stupid thing to bother saying . 
  thanks for explanation though . 
  so defensive it did n't even exist along with your country , east sweden . 
  i expected rolling coal references . 
  i feel bad reading this . 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  i always finish at the perfect time . 
  why destroy kiosks ? 
  for what reason ? 
  bomb shelters ? 
  i am not promoting anyone to have nine children . 
  i am pointing out that increased income actually wo n't increase birth rates . 
  it will have the opposite effect most likely in the aggregate . 
  there are grand parents for day care and schooling is free . 
  i realize that kids are n't free , but poor people make do having kids everywhere . 
  almost everywhere you look it is actually the rich that skip on kids in a country . 
  i am not against abortion or contraception , but it is a farce to say that the economy causes no children to be born . 
  and how did portugal turn into one tiny town ? 
  there are physical activities you can do outdoors . 
  what makes you think people do n't get in trouble in cities ? 
  i recall to germany as well . 
  russia uses business as a way to punish people for not doing as told . 
  lots of things to do . 
  i have lived in tiny towns and huge cities . 
  nothing to do according to who ? 
  what do you know about healthcare ? 
  it is cheaper than here in the usa . 
  and you think people do n't have kids because of money ? 
  tell that to people in india . 
  my father was born in some shit hole little shack in tras os montes and had 8 siblings during the salazar era . 
  i am pretty sure portugal is doing better now last i checked . 
  no not really, 
  russia has shut off gas temporarily because of technical difficulties that coincide with political issues and regularly does other shady things business wise with other countries . 
  they are not dependable . 
  are you insane ? 
  convenient time frame ? 
  russia was invading plenty of places prior to hitler as well . 
  germany invaded more than russia and all those countries are now friendly with each other . 
  you want to obsess over napoleon and hitler and yet the rest of europe lives their lives normally . 
  i do n't see people in italy worried about carthage coming back for revenge or spain hating the english and scared that they are going to sink their navy again . 
  it is a mental disease to have such a bunker victim mentality that is centered on constant conspiracies and paranoia . 
  meanwhile it is constant acting out and invading small neighbors for `` defense '' of course . 
  no one invented russia invading ukraine . 
  russia literally had invaded and occupied several countries across europe . 
  no one forces russia into constantly wanting to build empires . 
  that is just the natural russia stronk mentality at work . 
  edit : destruction of russian buffer zones ? 
  you mean people in different countries wanting a better life and not treated like subhuman russian slaves/pawns ? 
  chauvinistic trash . 
  you should use business that is dependable versus a place that will find ways to fuck you if it is political . 
  just like selling food to russia for the best price is good and then all of a sudden your food is unsafe and banned overnight . 
  price is n't the only factor . 
  by the usa ? 
  what the fuck are you on about ?
