  what is wrong with canada ? 
  it is a nice country . 
  it is n't limited to russians . 
  the types of rebels that know the real truth in / r/conspiracy love that lie as well . 
  those kinds of statements used to be hyperbole . 
  can you let me know where everyone goes to get their white veto power ? 
  the governments have coordinated together to make portuguese a universal language in terms of rules and tried to simplify things . 
  that way it does n't matter what country you are in . 
  that said , you ca n't change the fact that accents are a thing . 
  i can tell if someone is brazilian instantly . 
  say what ? 
  the two languages have merged together to keep communication simpler . 
  nuke any country that dares to go against it ? 
  yeah , that sounds reasonable and totally not suicide on russia 's part . 
   legitimate, 
  sorry , but i am not interested in this song and dance . 
  i did it too many times in / r/russia and heard everything you have to say and even the people you referenced . 
  continue to believe the rebellion was n't led directly from moscow by government agents . 
  what part of him promising to pass that deal do n't you understand ? 
  all that is missing is junta getting thrown around and i will feel like i am back in / r/russia . 
  the president was elected on the premise that he take that deal that was years in the making . 
  he was bought and paid for as a putin puppet . 
  oh really ? 
  i guess all those protesters were american spies ? 
  i love that russia invading ukraine is justified but american politicians being in the country is the true evil . 
  just completely forget that the people of ukraine wanted to make deals with the eu . 
  i guess only russia is allowed to decide their trade partners while ukraine is n't even a real country according to putin . 
  oh right , usa is responsible for ukraine . 
  i did n't realize i wandered into / r/conspiracy . 
  yes , but what if russia used a veto in rwanda ? 
  then it would be illegal for you ? 
  serbia is not an enemy or threat to usa . 
  the reason anyone went there was strictly due to ethnic cleansing and mass killing . 
  so someone invading rwanda to stop the mass genocide of millions would be illegal for you too ? 
  just stop with your nonsense . 
  russia did a naked land grab and broke treaties with ukraine by doing so . 
  they wanted to punish a country that refused to be a puppet on their border . 
  russia being russia for centuries on end . 
  alleged . 
  also nato remained neutral because it is a dispute between 3 countries . 
  the idea that anything that happens around the world is just usa pulling strings is amusing though . 
  doing something without un involvement does n't make it illegal . 
  you do n't know how words work . 
  usa was trying to break apart cyprus ? 
  what is next , ireland ? 
  you can get mad about kosovo all you want . 
  serbia would still have kosovo if they were n't such huge fans of mass graves for their own citizens . 
  i realize the balkans is a peaceful place until usa got involved because of boredom and their thirst for murdering innocent people . 
  russia is why the un could n't do anything . 
  nato and usa are obviously related . 
  what in the world is your point in all this ? 
  you think nato just decided one day to pick on serbia for no reason ? 
  yeah because russia has a veto . 
  you are literally defending mass murder and ethnic cleansing so you can jerk against america . 
  i do not envy your life to be doing that in my spare time . 
  russia flat out is responsible for murder , but you do n't want to see the obvious and grasp at straws . 
  shooting down a commercial airliner at cruising altitude is unacceptable . 
  commercial flights fly over `` dangerous '' areas all the time . 
  but why even waste my time when i am talking to a literal neo nazi ? 
  more to the point ? 
  nah , that definitely is n't even remotely the cause of it . 
  i wondered what took so long for this to appear . 
  well not behind compared to belarus and ukraine as examples . 
  i am sure there are more . 
  fair enough . 
  i just did n't think i needed a list . 
  there is nothing good in what russia is doing . 
  sorry if i misunderstood your intentions . 
  how did the usa create a civil war in syria ? 
  assad created his own problems . 
  you think washington just snaps their fingers and people on the other side of the planet choose to die for obama 's motivations ? 
  so you do n't think eu citizens being murdered with the help of russia is something to denounce because something has happened somewhere else on the planet ? 
  that logic means no one can ever criticize anything . 
  trade deals are a two way street . 
  trade deals are not colonialism . 
  europe complaining about colonialism is just too much irony to handle . 
  are you under the impression that spying only exists when done by the usa ? 
  there was also cooperation between usa and eu countries in terms of spying . 
  i hope you do n't believe that eu countries do n't spy including on each other . 
  well good thing someone went there to stop the ethnic cleansing . 
  but clearly usa are bad guys and not the criminals in the balkans . 
  i was not aware that the usa was trying to break apart countries in europe . 
  i should watch the news more . 
  any suggestions ? 
  excuse you , but criticism does n't need to come from perfection . 
  how are they different ? 
  that is not true . 
  it is just more extreme in those cases . 
  holy shit, 
  are you complaining ? 
  well florida people do not really have to leave . 
  they can just hang out in south alabama in the panhandle . 
  well an actual war played a part in that so it is pretty topical as far as animosity levels go . 
  one could argue that jew lizards rule the world as well . 
  oh boy , let me get the popcorn ready . 
  but the only reason they are able to profit is because of how stable and dependable the country is . 
  people all over the world want to buy american government debt even with the very low yield because it is guaranteed . 
  i 'm sure at least some of you heard the news that nasa has moved forward with boeing and spacex as an avenue for space launches . 
  i am a bit curious on what options europe has . 
  i know russia has made a nice business for themselves by operating as essentially the west 's taxi service to space for awhile now and making a very nice profit in the process .
