  how else can you get people to conserve if they do n't actually pay a price for anything ? 
  should grocery stores be a free buffet as well ? 
  it should be charged through a state monopoly company that cleans the water and takes care of sewage and charges prices that will cover cost and pay salaries . 
  you did n't have to do that . 
  an act of war to not buy their products ? 
  haha . 
  it is just politics . 
  i happen to agree with you on cuba . 
  a president does n't want to risk losing florida for no measurable gain . 
  the people against cuba care a lot about it . 
  everyone else does n't even think about it . 
  maybe they fled to russia because it seemed like only place that was safe from fighting and was so close ? 
  which is a very valid point when you just have general revenue that comes in that is n't earmarked and budgeted for specific items . 
  i think just having a public water company that charges you for service and using that as the revenue for taking care of water would be best idea instead of round about ways of funding for it . 
  this is n't me defending higher taxes in general . 
  i do n't like the idea of utilities being available for unlimited use for free just because population pays taxes in general . 
  that is wasteful . 
  putting a price on it will limit use . 
  this is n't a public good like police , for protection , or roads that ca n't be overused by an individual . 
  spending what you are supposed to when it can clearly be afforded and at you are the richest economy in eu would be a nice step . 
  it sets a horrible example . 
  it also is hypocritical to tell other countries that are under more risk that they ca n't be defended by nato unless they are taken over first . 
  sanctions also does n't equal war . 
  harsh sanctions could also save lives in ukraine . 
  if you cripple russia they could be forced into pulling out with an angry population at home and no money for war effort . 
  it is also beyond ridiculous to claim germany knows best about the effects of war . 
  go ahead and tell countries that have been occupied for decades at a time that germany knows the horrors of war better than they do . 
  i did n't realize germany was the only country that was involved in wars . 
  it is n't like eu consists of germany and switzerland . 
  excellent point . 
  i agree it is ugly as well . 
  but any solution would be an improvement over the current situation . 
  it is n't ever going to improve while russia is there . 
  their main goal to make it last forever . 
  those sections belong to georgia in the first place . 
  they used to be majority georgia in abkhazia for instance prior to the ethnic cleansing . 
  either way , russia sure is n't helping the situation in any area where they are `` peacekeepers '' . 
  i respect your point of view on the matter and it seems pretty reasonable in my opinion . 
  i happen to think georgia and ukraine are very important countries personally . 
  ukraine has huge population and their land is incredibly fertile . 
  with eu investment money and technology , ukraine could have a huge turnaround and make eu much stronger as a whole . 
  economies like the big 3 are comparable to usa in that they are mature and developed so growth is very limited in the grand scheme of things . 
  countries in the east have insane amounts of potential with reforms and investments . 
  also georgia is a gateway to all that energy from central asia . 
  eu pushing for influence and trade in central asia has lots of growth potential if it manages to get russia to loosen their monopoly on all those countries . 
  it would allow eu to bypass russia and connect eu to china . 
  russia wants to treat black sea like their personal lake because then they can act like a gatekeeper and prevent competition . 
  there are obvious risks involved though just like you said . 
  russia would n't be pissed about any of that happening which is to be suspected . 
  they have been pissed since 1991 . 
  dependence , in case you did n't know . 
  i found that move to be ridiculous . 
  if anything eu should form an energy union to use collective bargaining to get a good price for all . 
  instead russia bribes and threatens depending on the country and current needs , playing all the countries against each other like pawns . 
  he sure as shit ca n't play china against china . 
  this is why china bent russia over on their deal . 
  never mind that there are other sources available . 
  instead they worked on getting a direct pipeline right to germany because they could n't get enough . 
  great job on diversification and also allows russia to threaten eastern europe with gas delivery and pricing games while still getting their money from germany . 
  i did n't disagree with you in the first place . 
  do you have your own opinion on the matter , out of curiosity ? 
  i 've gotten a pretty wide range of opinions from germans , but it tends to trend towards dragging heels and moving as slowly as possible on any moves of any nature . 
  at least from my own observations anyway . 
  believe me , all of eu is 100 % positive germany is making sure they are taking care of what benefits berlin . 
  it radiates crystal clear across the atlantic as well . 
  i have no idea how actual germans feel , but their politicians are ridiculous in my opinion . 
  whatever benefits berlin . 
  comes across as complete arrogance to thumb their nose at responsibilities they are fully capable of doing and telling other countries they ca n't defend themselves and how they are allowed to handle their budgets while sitting pretty with buffer states between them and their best buddy putin . 
  they go to bed with nightmares of quantitative easing keeping them up at night while kissing ass of a dictator that is invading countries on his border like it is going out of style . 
  yeah , that should go over really well for a country that refuses to fulfill obligations to boss other countries around in the alliance . 
  sorry , but germany is n't uk or france . 
  those countries ' opinions count . 
  talk about the arrogance to not do a damn thing and then tell the actual leaders what they can and ca n't do . 
  i heard the eurasian union was taking applications . 
  keep alienating the rest of eu . 
  amazing leadership . 
  only a leader for telling `` friends '' how to run their economies to benefit berlin . 
  omg , it is like there is no middle ground ever . 
  economic policies should totally be driven by ideological fear . 
  that is absolutely how to run one of the biggest economies on the planet which takes away power from smaller countries and leaves them with no way to recover because we are literally minutes away from weimar republic as soon as the price on anything rises . 
  uh , what ? 
  you have to attack the damn country to make it surrender in order to make them stop their invasions . 
  what more do you want ?!, 
  they were n't surrendering on their own . 
  how about you try a letter writing campaign and let me know how that works for you the next time a genocidal war breaks out . 
  the japanese government fully intended on having millions of japanese civilians defending to the death the home island . 
  there was no surrendering . 
  nukes also are n't any more brutal than conventional bombing . 
  conventional bombing was killing people as well . 
  what the hell makes nukes somehow equal to german or japanese actions ? 
  hint : it does n't !, 
  i was n't trying to give you the impression that i do n't understand your point . 
  i also want the same things you do , but i just do n't view them as possible or likely . 
  i work with what i got which came across like you do as well . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding . 
  was this their concern in february ? 
  because the ship sailed on `` russia invading '' . 
  that already have , but some countries do n't want to use the word `` invasion '' because not responding to it makes them look silly . 
  sorry , red cross was referencing when russia lied about their trucks claiming they were run by red cross to confuse the world with misinformation . 
  that was a lie and red cross had nothing to do with it .
