  you are being far too kind . 
  no , i mean literal reserves like a reserve tank on a motorcycle . 
  saved gas for emergencies . 
  that is n't a reference to fuel in the ground that requires drilling . 
  russia had by far the most gas in the world . 
  i was n't trying to claim that eu has lots of gas in their territory . 
  europe has reserves and lots of europe does n't depend exclusively or even at all on russia . 
  even better is when you have germans that mention nazis as their attempt at aggressive foreign policy . 
  as if you are n't allowed to suggest german government should act more as leaders otherwise it is guaranteed fourth reich time . 
  the ridiculous straw man boggles the mind . 
  i am cracking up picturing unintelligible gibberish because i know nothing in swedish and then having that randomly included . 
  my complaints are more when words like tee shirt are used when every damn language as a word for shirts , versus a word like internet being used . 
  technology stuff being invented by english speakers is totally understandable . 
  i just would like to see cultures preserved . 
  i would n't want the whole world to be a carbon copy of america . 
  i can understand spanish and get by alright in portuguese but i do n't get much practice . 
  english is my second language , but it has become my best one by a large margin from use . 
  nothing i said was an attack on you , so no worries . 
  i was simply in a position where i hated muslims . 
  i knew i was wrong , but was doing it anyway . 
  i did n't like how i had become and made a concerted effort to prove to myself how wrong i was instead of making them all an enemy in my head . 
  extremism to me is cause by governments and education . 
  this is coming from an atheist that was raised catholic . 
  it is my understanding that afghanistan has been muslim for ages and women were treated well and continued to get more rights up until the taliban took over . 
  iran is n't a bad example either . 
  not every muslim country in the world is a dictatorship on the arabian peninsula . 
  yes you are right about evangelicals , but i do n't consider christianity as being inherently evil because of it . 
  just read a muslim thread on this sub and watch all the vitriol . 
  i do n't want to be a part of that negativity and i know how easy that path is from personal experience . 
  ridiculous . 
  just need to let stuff go . 
  yeah i am sure south sudan is a real enlightened place for people to live in . 
  it is n't fair to compare rich christian to poor muslim . 
  it is n't an empty statement . 
  i mean what i say . 
  i think english is the world language of business and learning it should be mandatory in eu but i would never want attempts to wipe out the other languages . 
  it bothers me when i watch foreign news and they use english mixed in with the language when there are already words for the things they were saying in the native language . 
  i never said it represented the whole world . 
  i simply was trying to find examples of my own that did n't allow me to condemn over one billion people like they are less than human . 
  the country had freedoms my own country did n't have . 
  i just think at the end of the day the biggest factors are education and lack of democracy . 
  look at iran and afghanistan from decades ago compared to some countries now . 
  turkey is a great example as well . 
  i also do n't think it is right to associate isis with islam when you have governments of the same religion actively attacking them . 
  you ca n't erase language . 
  that is a big component of culture and should be preserved if at all possible especially among smaller states . 
  a more powerful federation could solve issues more effectively . 
  long term it would benefit everyone . 
  right now a union will never prosper if you have half of it looking at the other half as a bunch of lazy useless freeloaders who complain about giving them a pittance relative to the size of the economy . 
  i hope the eu somehow fixes these issues through gaining political will . 
  azerbaijan it is legal to be trans according to the government . 
  you can change genders . 
  their military allows openly being gay as well . 
  many muslim countries allow women in combat as well . 
  christians are just as capable of being cavemen with their perceived justifications . 
  i would argue poverty and education are the biggest issues with extremism . 
  i took it upon myself to learn about this stuff because of my own prejudices against muslims that were made worse by 9-11 . 
  what is next ? 
  cats living with dogs ? 
  it is pathetic that there are muslim countries that had more progressive laws than usa with regards to the military considering how much usa vilifies muslims . 
  america works better than the eu because at the end of the day politics is just petty regionalism that eventually gets pushed aside . 
  the country is very nationalistic which is good and bad . 
  it is a stark contrast of rich countries viewing any money leaving their countries as a waste and robbery . 
  it is a collection of countries that are trying to use the eu only for their own benefit . 
  there is far more money being sent from california to the american south than germany to greece . 
  germany is taking capital from all these countries and they are going to collapse with an ever increasing divide . 
  the irony that usa is more socialist than the eu is hilarious to me in regards to fiscal policy . 
  regardless of de jure the country is openly religious . 
  muslim and atheist are like the biggest insults america has for a politician . 
  republicans use them even combined with zero irony . 
  implying usa is secular in the first place . 
  religion plays a huge role in politics with zero shame about it . 
  i do n't think it is saying anything that is n't obvious . 
  the big question is why is it so obvious to everyone besides german politicians and voting blocs ? 
  that article seems spot on . 
  i do n't see how you save money by allowing infrastructure to fail . 
  it only gets more expensive as time passes and business suffers on top of it . 
  but east germany got money sent their way . 
  now the eurozone areas that are doing poorly are just shit out of luck on money and handicapped to boot . 
  these prices are meaningless until you factor in cost of living and average income . 
  well , it is n't like they are stopped from entering usa on their own as adults . 
  yeah , i 'm sure this will go over well . 
  no there definitely is an agreement . 
  this was made in the late 90 's . 
  i am not referencing countries joining nato . 
  i am talking specifically about the building of bases inside of nato countries . 
  well on that i agree with you 100 % . 
  that kind of exploitation happens everywhere and i support any government that tries to put a stop to it . 
  i want to see poland growing successfully . 
  it is great that they are doing so well lately . 
  this is why i could n't be a diplomat . 
  i would have trashed the treaty and just built the bases instead of playing word games . 
  thanks . 
  i kept seeing references of new bases being rejected in eastern nato countries in order to maintain agreement with russia from the late 90 's . 
  foreign investment is good though . 
  a country needs capital to improve especially with infrastructure . 
  it means more jobs in poland too . 
  being worthy of investments is a great thing . 
  even usa has foreign investment and it is the largest economy in the world . 
  source on new european bases ?
