  interesting how eager russia is to invade but they say syria is an internal matter no matter how brutal assad is with his citizens . 
  usa gives money to palestinians as well . 
  fuck both of them . 
  they will never have peace . 
  each party wants the other wiped off the planet . 
  yes , nazis . 
  you are referring to invasions by hitler and napoleon as justification for invading ukraine . 
  i do n't recall ukraine being either of those countries . 
  meanwhile russia gladly deals with eu while punishing eastern europe for trying to do the same . 
  russia acts like barbarians in denial with a massive victim complex . 
  i can only think of the north koreans when thinking of another country that is more willing to buy bullshit propaganda and victim stories . 
  russia will literally never be a first world country . 
  sorry , pet peeve of mine . 
  same goes for china . 
  they earned that right . 
  not all allies should be measured by fighter jet count even though i consider commonwealth countries usa 's closest allies . 
  haha , so your reference is literally hundreds of years ago instead of the actions from this month . 
  if those nazis are so evil then how come they are such a huge trading partner for russia meanwhile you bully nations like moldova with sanctions for also trying to trade with eu ? 
  but , no . 
  russia does nothing wrong because they are justified to fuck over eastern europe because of evil napolean . 
  good lord , such a giant victim complex from you brutes . 
  you gladly hand over billions to buy military hardware from revolutionary france though . 
  meanwhile , fuck you , ukraine . 
  here is your invasion and breakup , georgia !, 
  that will teach then for trading with the west !, 
  i do n't think appeasing russia on finland 's end has gotten them anything . 
  i am sorry i came off so harsh . 
  it just upsets me that they use finland for propaganda against eastern europe especially when you are correct in stating russia has done the same to finland via sweden . 
  i just find it ridiculous that some politicians in finland willingly play along with russia in their game of victim blaming . 
  i should say improper food handling , not so much food itself . 
  best and worst because they are the only ones soon . 
  tell me what makes them great allies ? 
  is that why even during height of cold war they still were rivals and almost had full blown war ? 
  how come eu are the bad guys yet they pay more than chinese for fuel to russia and give russia manufacturing tech that russia ca n't come up with on their own ? 
  do n't you think being nicer to eu would have been more beneficial than trying to be ussr 2.0 ? 
  they will be wishing for the benevolence of the mongol horde again after china gets done with them when russia ca n't turn to anyone else . 
  china is n't stupid and will take full advantage of their desperation . 
  what is russia going to do , sell oil to syria and iran ? 
  i have seen videos showing food preparation being an issue as well, 
  thank you . 
  i thought it was all from south america . 
  no idea it was so massive in ivory coast and liberia etc. 
  yes , the chinese are so friendly and hospitable to their neighbors . 
  just observe them in tibet and south china sea . 
  everything belongs to china . 
  china and their new lap dog russia can hang out on the weekends and talk about history and empires since those are favorite past times for both countries . 
  where did all that business and close relationship get finland ? 
  finland could have had close relationship to eu countries , no ? 
  i have read so many articles about how finland is so much better than eastern europe because they know how to treat russia and both countries are on such friendly terms . 
  i 've seen interviews with finnish politicians on rt taking about how you just need mutual respect , blah , blah , blah . 
  making it look like countries like ukraine are to blame for the treatment they get . 
  never mind that finland has also been invaded by russia and then they moved on to easier targets after the war . 
  but now they are the victim that wants help ? 
  where is the superior diplomatic and economic skills now ? 
  that is interesting . 
  i just assumed it is more profitable to get your supply locally especially if imports are charging high prices . 
  the state does n't support farmers ? 
  even in rich countries like usa where food is incredibly easy to grow , farmers get subsidies . 
  they are even paid not to grow food in some cases . 
  i know in japan in a very extreme example has rice farmers who are incredibly powerful politically and get massive subsidies . 
  it is one thing when a country has very limited land to grow food and is forced into importing , but to let land go to waste and neglect your local farmers is a shame . 
  with the sanctions that are happening and retaliation by russia , is russia making an effort to strengthen their local farming industry as a response ? 
  sorry for all the questions , i just find this stuff interesting and only hearing about russia in relation to war is a bit depressing . 
  ah , so even with all that land , russia is still screwed due to short growing seasons ? 
  is farming not developed due to lack of capital or is it just too much of a handicap of dealing with the climate ? 
  i was always curious how such a large country could have issues with food when it is n't heavily populated . 
  there is cocoa in africa ? 
  sorry if this is a stupid question , but is n't that where most of their farming comes from ? 
  i thought most of their farmland was in siberia along with all their other resources . 
  where we talking about ? 
  it is norway . 
  what the fuck you talking about ? 
  they are a close ally . 
  well , my portuguese is pretty awful , so i can hardly criticize . 
  it is true . 
  how can you invade crimea ? 
  crimea belongs to russia . 
  i have a map right here . 
  ignore the typo , the guy was dyslexic and spelled russia as ussr . 
  pirates do n't need food , just booty . 
  yeah because population has a huge bearing on food production . 
  using that logic i guess they have 14 % of the world 's cars and computers and nukes . 
  the list goes on . 
  give or take a day . 
  agreed . 
  so this is russia 's version of chopping off your entire face to spite their nose ? 
  russia needs eu way more than the reverse . 
  like a benevolent oligarch ? 
  good luck . 
  russians are screwed as always . 
  the only weird thing is how much they view themselves as victims from outside forces while getting fucked by fellow russians . 
  does n't brazil stay pretty neutral ? 
  the brics are a joke as is . 
  there is nothing holding them together . 
  they have nothing in common . 
  well i sure hope there are no dissenting cow opinions then . 
  nobody wants polonium in their steaks . 
  it was a joke mainly . 
  i am not touching that topic as serious discussion with a ten foot pole . 
  africa once again invaded by white people .
