  they have a rich history of being very principled and strong against aggressive nations . 
  everyone else take note . 
  it absolutely was ethnic . 
  sure they picked which ones to move out for political reasons , but they were still shipping them out to move russians in . 
  what other reason was there behind all the forced migration of ethnic groups inside the country after invasions ? 
  i never said it was a mass genocide , so of course it was n't a complete eradication of the people . 
  they would n't be able to maintain control if they tried something that massive . 
  you are just stating the obvious by pointing out that communists were less likely to be persecuted inside the ussr . 
  no shit . 
  of course they would keep sympathetic people around . 
  also , usa is n't stolen land . 
  that is idiotic . 
  how is the land any more stolen than any other piece of land on the planet ? 
  there was hardly any people here and those people emigrated there just the same . 
  what is more ridiculous is someone trying to justify something that is still defended by russians living in estonia to this very day by referencing something from hundreds of years ago . 
  also , check a mirror . 
  siberia was the same exact thing . 
  of course you are right . 
  it just becomes more extreme in a large country like usa . 
  russia started doing it immediately after the fall of ussr . 
  it was happening right away in the 1990s . 
  as soon as everything did n't belong to russia anymore they tried to make any country that did n't want to be a russian vassal completely instable and was torn with russian forces occupying it as peace keepers . 
  politicians just saying the words eu or nato is enough for sanctions or a liberation to suddenly manifest itself in your borders . 
  meanwhile russia does almost all of their trade with eu . 
  just screams hypocrisy . 
  they want all the countries near them as perpetual buffer states that are mired in poverty . 
  ha , yes , but it is slightly easier to cross one body of water versus the other . 
  the terrorists were just a distraction . 
  plus it was ridiculous having russia as an enemy when that clown yeltsin was in charge . 
  how do you respect a leader who ca n't stay sober and roams the streets in his underwear ? 
  america is just more conservative in general . 
  sure we have lutheran , but other branches are much prevalent like babtists which think everything is evil . 
  the country is mostly red states that are mostly conservative . 
  just happens that the liberal people are very bunched up in cities and the coasts here . 
  usa has a ton of military hardware they do n't use . 
  they tried giving some away to greece as well . 
  although i do n't see what is stopping ukraine from buying nato hardware . 
  does ukraine manufacture their own military hardware ? 
  i assume some of it was made in ukraine during the soviet days . 
  interesting . 
  so spain does n't border africa ? 
  catholics are conservative and protestants are super conservative . 
  this especially goes for the certifiably insane ones like pentecostals that `` speak in tongues '' . 
  i think nato equipment showing up would be a huge giveaway even if it was delivered in white trucks . 
  never stopped . 
  who is china invading ? 
  they already subjugate the people they think they can get away with in tibet and western china . 
  i do n't understand how that is relevant to you being completely wrong with your statement . 
  it said without border control or red cross . 
  i want sure i 'd that was because ukraine chose to not intervene or because of the area they crossed . 
  russia has threatened ukraine if they do anything to the trucks . 
  are you stupid ? 
  the countries is eastern europe except belarus pay the highest even though it is the cheapest to deliver to them . 
  russia has cheaper prices for western europe to earn their favor . 
  i was n't aware of that part . 
  thanks . 
  which results in what ? 
  does n't this also ignore the fact that those areas are balkanized on account of ethnic cleansing the first place and russia pushes to keep these areas in perpetual war only in countries that do n't act as vassals to russia . 
  the same thing happened with moldova as well . 
  why did ukraine let them cross without inspection ? 
  so what , a country for every town or for every 100,000 people ? 
  that does n't change what i said about there being no point . 
  what is the end goal ? 
  i just see trade agreements being the main benefit . 
  that does n't require membership to eu . 
  your logic means usa is european also . 
  just ask the bavarians and eurosceptic people in france . 
  usa already bosses germany because they are an occupying force . 
  remove rammstein , blah blah . 
  they are n't european . 
  makes no sense . 
  what is the point ? 
  just make trade agreements and leave it at that . 
  not like open borders is an issue when the atlantic exists . 
  they are also integrated military wise through nato . 
  i was being very sarcastic if that was n't clear . 
  where is proof ?!, 
  nazi provavateurs are trying to undermine self determination by genocide of their own citizens in east ukraine . 
  russia stands as a supporter of the people as always against the imperialists from the eus . 
  why would they ? 
  they are n't the ones invading countries if they vote the wrong way . 
  does n't get more european than that . 
  it says right in the freaking comment box . 
  seems like a simple request to me . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  yeah as is italy , uk portugal , etc. 
  what the hell do you consider shipping estonians out and moving russians into an area ? 
  russification is ethnic cleansing . 
  it was an attempt to erase estonia as a country and make it part of a greater russia . 
  ethnic cleansing is not the same as genocide . 
  i am well aware of what ethnic cleansing is . 
  it was what the soviets did to non russians all over ussr to make the whole area dominated by russia . 
  why did all those republics that joined under the threat of invasion leave the ussr if they were being treated so well ? 
  the thread is about estonia . 
  just another typical whataboutism rant . 
  i am not greek . 
  my family is from western europe . 
  none of this affects me in the slightest . 
  those slavs showed up way after . 
  the greek empire and the corresponding city states and regions were all greek .
