  last thing i want to see is poverty and war in that region . 
  protestors were only given support due to the fact that they initiated the protests on their own , their president was a lying scumbag , and he wanted to solve protests through murder . 
  you do n't see any issues here with his actions ? 
  is it really outrageous for countries to say do n't kill your citizens with snipers ? 
  russia is also stupid if they think they can stop countries from asking to join nato . 
  ever think maybe russia could be nice to nearby countries and they would have no incentive to join nato ? 
  i will laugh so hard if they end up convincing finland and sweden to join by their actions . 
  by the way , iran was bullshit . 
  usa did lots of evil shit in cold war . 
  i wish usa could normalize with iran personally . 
  when was the last time usa invaded a democracy ? 
  why was serbia going to be sanctioned ? 
  what the hell was serbia doing ? 
  serbia had access to eu because they are on the path to joining . 
  becoming a full member and receiving access to the biggest market in the world with free trade will be a huge boom for serbia . 
  i do n't get how serbia is being stopped from trading with russia since many countries in eu trade with russia . 
  sorry if i am asking to many questions by the way . 
  i find european news interesting . 
  yes because nato is just going to start taking over countries through a defensive alliance . 
  at no point does nato threaten russia . 
  russia however has been aggressive nonstop on their border . 
  the fall of ussr did n't change that . 
  and how is that not a valid point ? 
  you ca n't even get individual countries to have uniform taxes in eu and you think people would be ok with eu wide taxes ? 
  eu is n't a federation . 
  how can usa block serbian trade with other countries ? 
  eu gives tons of money as aid to serbia as well . 
  joining eu as quickly as possible would also give serbia a far larger market than russia and they would be able to trade with russia too . 
  lots of countries trade with russia . 
  i do n't understand the dynamics of serbia and bosnia currently and how it relates to usa so it is hard for me to speak about it . 
  you are on a wild tangent . 
  the point i am making is that you are suggesting highly centralized power that does n't even exist in a country like usa which is one large country instead of a weak confederation of european countries . 
  i would expect anything short of staged escalation is appeasing . 
  it is n't like getting ukraine to surrender is a sign off russia not being aggressive . 
  it is like the russians that brag about low loss of life from ukraine not defending crimea as if that somehow is a positive on russia 's part . 
  how is serbia an enemy ? 
  i am not being sarcastic . 
  what is usa doing to hurt serbia ? 
  and how is usa highly dysfunctional ? 
  even better is explaining how attacking usa is even remotely relevant to the point i made . 
  but serbia is n't being attacked by usa . 
  usa did n't consider serbia an enemy . 
  no one cared about kosovo other than the killing . 
  usa and eu want serbia to join eu . 
  even when nato was attacking serbia they only wanted the government to knock it off . 
  it is n't like america hates serbians . 
  i mean i do n't at least . 
  i consider dick cheney a war criminal . 
  and yes i know bad shit has happened from soldiers and i hope as many are caught as possible as early as possible . 
  american soldiers are not genocidal . 
  america spends a fortune to make their weapons as accurate as possible . 
  granted the country has had disasters like bush , but america is not genocidal . 
  i also do n't hold anything against serbia today . 
  it was a cheap shot . 
  for instance usa is fighting isis . 
  that is n't genocidal . 
  war is messy . 
  you know how much easier it would be to just carpet bomb entire sections of a country ? 
  last i checked russia still occupies ukraine and threatens it by demanding a veto on their foreign policy . 
  thanks . 
  nice expression . 
  usa is n't going anywhere though . 
  plenty of other `` powers '' are still around as well . 
  europe has a few by itself . 
  sorry about the genocide comments earlier . 
  i was being a dick because of your nuclear comments . 
  yeah , man . 
  tax havens are fighting the man by sheltering billion dollar corporations !, 
  taxation is a huge power . 
  even the usa allows taxes to be set beyond just at the federal level . 
  can i get translation ? 
  russia is a rogue state . 
  you do n't see france and uk invading countries in anger because they are n't a super power . 
  you are also wrong that america does n't care about people from countries like poland . 
  there are millions of polish people inside of america . 
  there are also millions of people from the rest of europe in america as well . 
  i know i would never vote for anyone that would even hint at doing something that hurts europe or leaves the people in eastern europe in danger . 
  usa takes their alliances very seriously . 
  you can consider me naive but i am happy when usa is able to use their power for good causes . 
  for instance i am glad usa is attacking isis . 
  i assn also happy with every country that joins nato because it means they will never have to worry about war like the people in ukraine do . 
  usa is also able of doing massive fuck ups as well . 
  when i see more countries because western style democracies , i think it is a good thing for the world because western style democracies do not go to war with each other . 
  there has been peace in most of europe for almost a century . 
  it obviously works in saving lives . 
  that is another reason i want to see a successful eu . 
  russia can go fuck itself . 
  russia had no right to tell countries how they can defend themselves or who they can trade with . 
  at no point did anyone in eu or usa punish ukraine . 
  russia has done tons to influence ukraine and consider it a vassal . 
  tussaud 's is the only country that violated budapest memo . 
  just ask the ukrainian government and i am sure they would agree with what i said . 
  you sound so insanely bitter it is unreal . 
  usa is n't committing genocide . 
  all of those countries were . 
  sitting around hoping for nuclear war is about the most bitter thing i could possibly imagine . 
  europe asia and north america would be littered in devastation but it would `` stop violence '' . 
  screw that . 
  i get enough delusional people as it is . 
  oh so you want hundreds of millions of people to die as a way to stop death ?
