  not enough fire . 
  har , har , amerifat jokes . 
  i am so cultured !, 
  say whatever you please . 
  why do i need a horse ? 
  insult away . 
  it really puts you in a good light . 
  i just found the reaction to be ridiculous since there is no surprise . 
  yeah i agree with you . 
  that is more a failure of uk politicians . 
  that is n't unique to the uk though . 
  i am glad she is putting it out there . 
  that makes it so much better . 
  that is definitely a trap . 
  wwii is just a lovely topic over a football game . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  we just need some drones now and a standing army between crowds . 
  well i agree with you there . 
  it was smart to not get involved for the uk . 
  you ca n't have one and not the other if it is going to function properly . 
  as if cursing at someone is changing anything at any level . 
  this is just sad all around . 
  is this news that has people from uk and netherlands angry actually news ? 
  none of this is a surprise . 
  you have a bunch of people acting like they are punished when all of this was agreed to a long time ago . 
  this is all just an adjustment from measuring figures . 
  you just are hardly the first to mention the flag . 
  to get news from europe and opinions in general as an actual answer since you asked . 
  i thought you were just trying to be a dick . 
  sorry about that . 
  well i simply asked for your opinion . 
  obviously cuts had to happen no matter what . 
  maintaining prior budgets with the reduced tax revenue would have been a disaster long term . 
  i think it helps all the countries as a whole . 
  i am not interested in tearing into uk regardless of tax havens or whatever . 
  i am simply stating that the biggest failure is of politicians to act like any of this is a surprise . 
  none of it is . 
  except chile and usa do n't belong to a supranational organization that even includes a shared currency . 
  your government agreed to this and no amount of downvotes towards me changes that reality . 
  yeah get in line of people down voting because they see a flag . 
  nothing proves an opinion more correct than that . 
  american flair ? 
  that 's a downvote . 
  to piss you off . 
  why are you on my american internet ? 
  take your xenophobic bullshit elsewhere . 
  nafta is already a huge boon to mexico as it is by having mexico receive a surplus of money direct from usa . 
  that is a horrible comparison . 
  shared currency requires a fiscal union in order to work properly . 
  eurozone is a weak fiscal union . 
  compare it to a legit union like germany or usa . 
  aids thankfully stayed in africa and never became europe 's problem either . 
  what is your alternative ? 
  that is n't sarcastic . 
  which is stupid from the get go . 
  they treat the eu like a hostage negotiation . 
  they could easily team up with france because they share common goals . 
  there are plenty of issues and they are all naturally related in some way . 
  europe clearly has to end up deciding if eu is a failed experiment or a work in progress . 
  i hope for the latter . 
  yeah i agree with that . 
  i still ca n't for the life of me figure out why germany has the amount of influence that it does . 
  france and uk along easily could overpower germany in terms of influence . 
  never mind all the other countries in the union . 
  that is altogether another issue . 
  how is missing guidelines considered `` austerity '' ? 
  i think that is a great goal . 
  you do n't get out of recessions by cutting everything . 
  oh , i was looking when i read the thread and i only found spain being at 3 + for this year . 
  thank you for info . 
  i was under the impression their deficit was lower than uk but also in guidelines . 
  although that makes sense because i 've heard many complain about france trying to complain about austerity when they were n't doing it to the extent that southern europe and ireland was . 
  wait , what ? 
  do n't you mean the opposite ? 
  those countries you listed were the ones making cuts everywhere along with others like portugal . 
  pile on . 
  i admitted my mistake already . 
  i mixed up too much cutting to education with too many cuts in education in my head while on my phone . 
  i 'm using it as a comparison that the amount of transfers that actually happen are minimal relative to the size of the economy . 
  yes and meanwhile others were stuck at 3 % during that forced into cuts by any means necessary good or bad . 
  yes . 
  i have zero criticism for not being in the guidelines . 
  i have criticism for people complaining about the imaginary austerity they suffered through . 
  well i would think you mean continental unity judging by the comment . 
  i think it is nationalism over all else if anything . 
  i agree the eu is currently broken in its current form because of these kinds of things . 
  i am so relieved to be in usa anytime i see these squabbles . 
  these will be the same people in another thread though that talk about how right wing and capitalist and unequal usa is without skipping a beat . 
  and talk about lack of social safety net and all the other typical comments when / r/yurop goes full swing in here . 
  uk skipped these guidelines for half a decade at least . 
  france only just threatened to do this once just now . 
  seems to be fair to judge france less harshly in that context . 
  i happen to agree with uk spending increased levels by the way . 
  my criticism is for the people who think they are `` suffering '' through austerity in the uk for the most part . 
  there was zero austerity in the uk . 
  i agree with you on that one . 
  none of this is a surprise . 
  absolutely none . 
  those transfers are a joke in comparison to what goes on here . 
  it is because of that that there are no relatively bad areas .
