  it sucks how much flairs get attacked here . 
  amd if they are ever attacked , they are important countries so of course everyone should defend them . 
  it is a proven track record . 
  russia has lots to gain if they held baltics . 
  i get your point , but russia lied its ass off with ukraine and suffers from invasion and took risk regardless . 
  it was not free . 
  no sane country should put their trust in russian trust and goodwill . 
  airspace is complicated in aegean sea with borders in conflict . 
  different matter . 
  they are also allied together . 
  i do n't even know where to begin . 
  example of this regarding russians ? 
  they have provided assistance by pushing for sanctions on russia in a bid to assist ukraine . 
  russia is wrong and other countries have tried to help . 
  it is an example of russia not caring about things it agreed to so it can empire build . 
  russia does n't get to invade countries because they do n't like russia . 
  russia should worry about its economy instead of thinking it can veto countries being friendly with usa . 
  it sounds like russia can do whatever it feels like because it is strong in your opinion . 
  only one of those countries invaded . 
  the others respect ukrainian borders . 
  do you find it illegal for sets of countries to partner with one another ? 
  when do third party countries get a veto ? 
  how is it possible for europeans to be racist against europeans ? 
  what specific comments ? 
  excuses for their imperialism and bullshit for starters . 
  hell i ca n't wait until panama is western propaganda . 
  the spin never ends . 
  can i see the agreement in writing ? 
  the future of third party countries are n't decided by some random supposed handshake in private . 
  jesus what a load of shit with your excuse for abusing people . 
  pedantic as fuck . 
  either way it proves to never trust or deal with russia . 
  nato accepts countries , not annexes them . 
  racism ? 
  this is some serious cringe . 
  i have no desire to speak about delusional concepts . 
  they ruined half of europe by force . 
  which one is worse ? 
  i do n't know , ask eastern europe since the ussr basically colonized it and stuck them with ethnic cleansing , secret police , genocide , invasions , and no freedom of movement . 
  and topped it off with a bullshit economic model that guaranteed poverty that is still felt a quarter century of recovery and aid later . 
  you want comparisons , look at north and south korea . 
  same people and country . 
  look at west and east germany . 
  well , not too bad since half of the usa lower 48 was basically mexico . 
  jealous , why ? 
  it proves who won with empires . 
   more than 99 percent of the population speaks japanese as their first language lol . 
  perfect . 
  just perfect . 
  you were saying ? 
  oh it conflicts with hating russia so yes . 
  you are n't exactly being fair here . 
  how can they be responsible for a regional depression ? 
  as if japan is n't 99 % speaking japanese anyway . 
  it writes itself really . 
  i enjoyed the flair too . 
  yes as a joke . 
  spain does a fine job of trying to split on its own . 
  police are almost always local , so i do n't see your point . 
  people do not talk about the fbi for police brutality . 
  typically the corruption increases as the police get more local . 
  i guess the prisons reached max capacity if it is only half . 
  i just can not fucking wait to read this thread . 
  they will gladly ruin your life and career in courts though . 
  yeah i never thought american especially because of what you said . 
  and nokia is european . 
  no clue who thinks japanese . 
  really think they will just brush it off ? 
  what is there to deter that behavior then ? 
  if they try that maybe portugal sends tourists in green suits to galicia . 
  a few people died in some town a century ago and it is somehow relevant to two countries filled with people that hate each other and committed massive ethnic cleansing . 
  cool story . 
  go look at a random picture of nyc and tell me more about ethnic cleansing and genocide in the usa in 2016 . 
  usa is n't the country that has to draw maps based on ethnic groups because of pure hatred . 
  edit : fucking lol at you thinking the ussr was a better country than the usa . 
  glad i know what i am dealing with here . 
  but what about the price of tea in china ? 
  learn to sarcasm . 
  you know some countries do n't live off oil like jordan . 
  pathetic false equivalency . 
  what name is more important in your opinion then ? 
  i only know of messi , suspended uefa president , poroshenko , iceland pm , and putin . 
  i would say the fifa stuff is big bit that will go to different audiences and outlets because it is more sports than politics . 
  sure i agree with that but i do n't see any name bigger than putin here . 
  people are reacting to offer names when it affects them . 
  there is practically riots in iceland . 
  what kind of manufacturing ? 
  next . 
  i can look at simple numbers to know when a recession ends . 
  what is your honest opinion on the matter ? 
  why ? 
  net , yes . 
  purely temporary . 
  i do n't define a country and its overall situation by a worldwide recession . 
  they do or they would n't be here . 
  i know many illegal people here who make a killing . 
  people wipe go back if it was not better . 
  immigrants, 
  i will give a more in depth answer . 
  i apologize i got you confused with panama thread and i did n't mean to answer you in that way .
