  what the fuck are you suggesting ? 
  america declares war ahead of europe for a war in europe ? 
  yeah , fuck you , france . 
  i know you are n't declaring war , but i am just going to invade you to use you for a staging ground . 
  usa is n't in europe last i checked . 
  usa also did plenty to help in europe both during and after and still to this day . 
  and who the hell is `` the west '' ? 
  what , protests that happen when you have a crook who lies about his promise to make trade deal with eu and then leaves office after turning on his own citizens that protested for months ? 
  or the elections that have happened since . 
  nah , it is much better to have a neighbor sweep in and steal land and seize bases and government buildings while a country is caught off guard using bases that they lease to you . 
  thank you russia by saving ukraine by invading it . 
  thank you . 
  true humanitarians by stealing land and lying the whole time . 
  i love the funerals for `` vacationing '' soldiers , too . 
  nice touch . 
  yeah , except that still means a fight , just not a fight directly in your country . 
  having an alliance also does n't mean getting someone to stand in front of you and get killed while you watch . 
  little nationalist project ? 
  wtf ? 
  you are calling ukraine being a country , a little nationalist project ?!, 
  christ of all the condescending bullshit . 
  sorry for thinking countries are allowed to be independent from the soviet reunion . 
  and then russia wonders why their `` friends '' run to eu and nato as fast as they can . 
  russia has no fucking clue how to deal with other nations without threatening them or invading them . 
  this is false equivalence . 
  again , even in your worst case scenario , it still has usa objectively better than russia . 
  how many `` western '' journalists get threatened and killed for not going along with the propaganda ? 
  you have media reporting different things and clearly have varied audiences and demographics . 
  there also is n't some vast conspiracy . 
  the media is around to make money , not push government propaganda . 
  trying to defend russia during this whole ukraine episode is impossible . 
  how could you possibly think they are in the right ? 
  i do n't need the usa to be perfect in order to think russia is wrong . 
  that is n't how life works . 
  you think taking land in the mountains is easy ? 
  it is part of the reason poland gets fucked on the regular throughout the ages and afghanistan is a living nightmare . 
  it helped finland remain an independent country as well . 
  i think you kind of skipped the whole `` completely surrounded by nato countries '' part as well . 
  that is just usa . 
  they absolutely do n't own everything . 
  there is local news , there are tons of outside sources on internet . 
  there are news agencies all over europe . 
  even worst case scenario it is vastly superior to russia . 
  flat out russia is censored propaganda . 
  russia has some of the worst news in the entire world and on top of that they push and encourage violent nationalism . 
  that is a horrifying combination . 
  and nothing is censored . 
  if i 'm standing on it , it is mine . 
  how can i invade something that is mine ? 
  can you invade your own house ? 
  some houses have been owned by someone for decades . 
  others , fifteen minutes beforehand . 
  is romania on top of a mountain range and completely surrounded by nato ? 
  good luck with your shit posting on the new account . 
  you are not wrong . 
  it is weird . 
  i guess i would enjoy the fireworks and regret not having any nuka cola bottle caps . 
  see , keep doing it and everyone forgets . 
  georgia has multiple wars . 
  there was moldova as well . 
  that is like saying the f22 sucks because it is n't the best dogfighter . 
  the stealth and radar on the f35 are a big improvement over the eurofighter . 
  having a joint project helps nato fight as a whole unit as well . 
  new tech costs money . 
  being vastly stronger than the next guy prevents a lot of wars . 
  looking at russia 's state of decay , im not worried about f35s being shot out of the sky . 
  there is n't a country that exists that can match nato air and naval power . 
  imagine the possibilities of nuclear powered tea . 
  you have got to be kidding . 
  how the hell is an aircraft carrier protecting london ? 
  why are you comparing buildings to military ships with escorts ? 
  do you understand how many carriers have existed with zero issues constantly out at sea ? 
  how is it pointless ? 
  yes , but support ships can be cycled out while the rest of the fleet keeps out at sea . 
  you did n't make the initial claim of being more efficient so i wo n't put that on you . 
  i understand it is a cost constraint and that part makes plenty of sense for me . 
  i was mostly just countering the point that it is somehow `` better '' that way . 
  i 'm saying it would n't require ships carrying fuel for it . 
  a larger carrier only requires more support only because it needs to be protected and it has more people on it , not because of using more fuel . 
  saying there is no expertise with nuclear is n't a valid reason not to do something . 
  that means you can never ever use anything that is new . 
  america never had nuclear ships either until it did . 
  are you really claiming the french do n't use their carrier because they do n't know how to keep it running ? 
  yes , yes , i am aware . 
  no , they did n't . 
  they flat out stopped letting trucks get inspected . 
  and no , every little group of people are not entitled to their own country . 
  there are procedures built into the constitution and there is n't anything that is remotely legit about a foreign army invading and holding bullshit elections . 
  what kind of crazy tangent is that ? 
  how is that comment somehow related to a carrier that is limited on what it can launch and land versus american carriers ? 
  these carriers are n't even completed yet and they are already handcuffed compared to american carriers that have existed for ages . 
  and you think carriers get sunk on a regular basis ? 
  what makes you think the massive amounts of what i imagine would be diesel fuel would be doing wonders on the ocean ? 
  let 's not pretend this is some ecological safety move . 
  it was a cost cutting measure for production , plain and simple . 
  how is it efficient to be forced into using less capable planes to save money and to have limited range due to cheaper propulsion system that requires a lot more logistics in regards to support ships ? 
  that is not how that works . 
  not using nuclear for propulsion just means building a cheaper ship . 
  carriers are n't floating nuclear bombs . 
  when things go wrong , the ship just ends up sinking .
