  not sure why it seems like only china is greatly interested in african investment to be honest . 
  not that i would defend organized crime , but i guess you can only accomplish so much as once . 
  i do n't know much about him , but i like his style from your description . 
  comes with territory of position . 
  you are correct that it was due to lots of money floating around and people jumping on a sure thing until it popped . 
  that will always exist in an economy that is n't completely controlled in one way or another . 
  i just was forced to laugh at the idea that economics in general is all luck with zero reasoning behind anything . 
  pure ignorance . 
  i honestly have never heard the term commie block until spending time on this sub . 
  and i do not mean this as a slight since my family comes from a tiny country that used to have a world wide empire , but all of those countries were neutered awhile ago . 
  russia is a very different case . 
  yes but do you consider it a good sign when the people are still quite proud of it in the modern day and pissed off they are n't strong enough to do even worse ? 
  i love balkans threads . 
  who are these countries that behaved on the scale russia has in eastern europe ? 
  because of hundreds of years of proof showing otherwise ? 
  well i certainly was n't having any fantasies . 
  i was just relieved that no one had to find out the full potential of violence . 
  i am telling you if you think dead bodies are a good defense , you are literally already inside of a massacre . 
  your could also get crushed in panic . 
  regardless of your source that actually sounds like an effective plan . 
  the only issue i see is people raising hell over jacking up taxes for the sole purpose of making housing expensive . 
  lol , did i seriously just read that ? 
  i did n't realize bodies were bullet proof . 
  you are expecting logic during a massacre versus panic ? 
  wwii i suppose but it is n't unique to america . 
  you are expecting me to somehow answer for idiots on the internet ? 
  i was taught in school about the french . 
  i am an american . 
  americans are n't the only people that make fun of the french . 
  i have nothing against the french . 
  helps that i have lived with french people as well i suppose . 
  plus how uncomfortable you would likely make people by doing it . 
  it is an easy way to get yourself harassed by police very quickly as well . 
  i guess i overthunk it . 
  i did n't realize it was as simple as an increase in tax paying free people . 
  that looks amazing . 
  we should all hang out near more cliffs then . 
  which is the more popular spelling of that word ? 
  thanks again . 
  they can be very cringe inducing . 
  however , i 'm very elated with this news . 
  so glad injuries were minimal . 
  could n't you just identify them by the massive balls being dragged behind them ? 
  how has no one mentioned baguettes yet ? 
  women i imagine would be at the top of the list if it is like any other base . 
  man , i kept thinking it was over and it just got more awesome . 
  typically open carry is less regulated at least from my observations . 
  because ... ? 
  unless i got there first and took the spot . 
  ah thanks . 
  so everything under sis is considered mi6 including all the separate departments ? 
  i 've honestly only ever heard of mi6 with that name being very popular around the world or at least in the usa anyway . 
  i always had the likely very wrong impression that they were like a british version of the cia . 
  why does it say sis and mi6 ? 
  that should be the # 1 answer for anyone with that flair . 
  it is no contest . 
  it used to originally but kind of grew from there . 
  how did abolishing slavery in the way you mentioned increase tax revenue ? 
  i am absolutely not defending the murder in any way . 
  i want to believe that the uk attempted to protect him , but that nothing is fool proof . 
  i would also find it very insulting and i agree with you 100 % on that point . 
  it does n't matter who it is that they killed . 
  haha , do n't you dare try to make me feel guilty about my joke . 
  great post by the way . 
  how do you blame the uk for this ? 
  i think it is cheating if a pole comments in this thread . 
  the horror . 
  would probably have been better if there was a massacre than having to deal with annoying reddit comments . 
  absolutely . 
  their hatred of all things english helped create usa . 
  a super russian living in america . 
  the kind that can see no wrong to prove how russian they are even though they abandoned the country for better . 
  so i am not aware of popular politicians in eastern europe being critical of russia ? 
  i have to see it face to face ? 
  yes apathy from people that are safe in nato and have multiple buffer countries in the way while screaming at the sky how evil their ally america is and rationalizing worse behavior . 
  i see plenty of people in eastern europe rightfully concerned about russia . 
  extreme leftists deserve zero respect for their self serving blathering . 
  if europe can deal with russia then how come russia is invading europe ? 
  which is hilariously dogmatic and blind . 
  you end up supporting something that is clearly worse in the process . 
  this is how you end up with a bunch of putin lovers in / r/conspiracy for instance . 
  it is left wing to support fascists like putin ? 
  idiot king . 
  good luck defending . 
  you ca n't compare the population and geography of finland . 
  i was n't aware spain was using wooden ships at the time . 
  ah , sorry if that came off accusatory . 
  it was more curiosity . 
  it is n't something i pay attention to so it is hard to imagine the difference . 
  wait a second , so do you assume a guy with a thicker beard is gay by default or something ? 
  philly , but i do n't associate my beard with a sexuality . 
  yeah i realized as soon as i typed it , but i take my lumps regardless . 
  wtf is a lumbersexual ? 
  about the quality of his yodels , not the altering of geography . 
  no i never meant that were defending anything . 
  i do understand where you are coming from and it is certainly valid . 
  sure does n't make those people living there any less ukrainian though . 
  thank you for info . 
  i do n't understand what you mean exactly by zone with activity . 
  how is defending your own occupied land offensive ?
