  i 'll take uk over eurozone 100 times out of a 100 . 
  nothing ever keeps usa down . 
  it keeps chugging along even when shit hits the fan . 
  usa has grown by over $ 2 trillion since the crisis . 
  it is technically called oporto . 
  why ? 
  i have no freaking clue . 
  it will always be porto to me . 
  germany has no interest in leading on the world stage . 
  they are too busy bossing their `` allies '' around inside of the union while scolding them like children and saying how morally superior they are . 
  meanwhile they steer the eurozone to fiscal disaster . 
  they have no clue how to run the eurozone . 
  it is like watching american republicans thinking there is n't a single issue that ca n't be fixed with tax cuts especially for the rich . 
  no one is going to earn any points with me by being neutral and refusing to take sides between a wolf and a sheep . 
  there is nothing good that will happen from isis taking root in the region . 
  they are committing genocide out there . 
  it is totally fucked up . 
  it is also increasing the immigration you are concerned about . 
  pacifism is n't an inherently superior position . 
  there is also no such thing as true neutrality either . 
  i am a big proponent of doing everything we can to cooperate with countries in the region to wiping these animals out . 
  there is a lot of support for isis inside of eu . 
  the last thing eu needs is isis terrorizing eu by sending people to eu while having a secure base of operations in middle east . 
  we all saw what happened with people running camps in afghanistan . 
  imagine having ranks filled with eu citizens with eu passports . 
  there is no reason that the eurozone needs to be the way it is . 
  it is self inflicted from economic policies that are driven by morality and ideology . 
  if this continues it wo n't be long before uk surpasses germany ' gdp . 
  all these anglo countries are doing much better in comparison . 
  why germany 's fiscal policies are never questioned is beyond me . 
  it is six years now and the results are dismal . 
  at what point is there going to be self reflection versus keeping the titanic cruising at full speed ahead ? 
  yes , germany has zero influence on ecb . 
  that is a good point . 
  elevators vary here according to the building size . 
  the bigger ones will have many elevators grouped together as well to handle volume . 
  by the way , the term is skyscrapers . 
  the reason putin is talking about it is to give the idea that baltic countries are supportive of nazis . 
  do n't play dumb . 
  meanwhile in russia they have more neo-nazis than any other country in the world . 
  putin just wants to galvanize his support domestically and remind russia of how they are heroic nazi killers . 
  the victim complex is strong with russia . 
  there are people that think 1990s turmoil equals western capitalism and communism means stable and strong empire . 
   a clear sign of this trend is open manifestations of neo-nazism , which have become common in latvia and other baltic states , '' putin said on the eve of his visit to serbia on october 16 . 
  yep , a lie . 
   talking about the events of world war ii , putin said that `` our nations together cracked down on the criminal ideology of hatred towards the humanity '' . 
  thank god for that hero , stalin . 
  he definitely put a stop towards nation states acting out on hatred towards humanity . 
  do n't squash attempts at homestar references . 
  they never happen as is . 
  cr7 killing it . 
  yes all twenty of them . 
  usa has a weird position though since it is one of the largest producers and consumers of oil . 
  not sure if you are being sarcastic but it actually does end up being beneficial for the economy in multiple ways . 
  what kind of u turns are you referencing if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  russia wishes it was china . 
  russia ca n't compete economically so it uses what it has available . 
  massive amounts of natural resources , nukes , and a big military . 
  you ca n't be friendly when you ca n't bribe countries into being allies . 
  the eu offers an insanely better alternative . 
  saudi arabia also is sitting on tons of money in reserve so they can afford to look at oil prices with a long term perspective . 
  countries like iran are in more desperate situations and want prices as high as possible . 
  opec does not have a unified voice and agenda . 
  no problem . 
  i ca n't wait to see the response when these bases are completed . 
  i remember russia saying years back that poland is assuring itself that it is a target for nukes by russia . 
  there will be a polish built and usa built base . 
  usa built base eta is around 2018 . 
  the usa base will mirror romania 's capabilities . 
  i obviously know eu is made of different countries . 
  i am pointing out the stark contrast . 
  the attitude of only caring about eu to extract whatever benefits an individual country can get while complaining about any possible negatives dooms it to failure . 
  eu is the only reason there is war in ukraine in the first place !, 
  that is n't to say that i blame the eu , but they are definitely the cause that resulted in russia being russia . 
  sorry for portraying a country that uses steel ships to plow through smaller wooden fishing boats right off the coast of foreign countries in an attempt to bully their neighbors as the bad guys . 
  i do n't know what came over me . 
  their claims do n't mean a thing if no one recognizes them . 
  they also claim taiwan . 
  how is that working out for them ? 
  this right here tears their claims apart . 
  han never controlled the massive china that exists today . 
  specifically from poland . 
  russia invaded georgia prior to the deal . 
  i do n't wish any harm to france and want the french economy to do well , but damn it , there are lots of countries in the world to sell weapons to . 
  selling tech to russia is an awful idea . 
  it also is n't fair to criticize usa as a huge weapons seller considering france depends on weapons far more than usa does . 
  it is foolish to consider russia as friendly or even neutral to eu . 
  they pit themselves against the eu and usa as part of their identity . 
  and china also claimed lands they never even controlled . 
  they have claims that push deep into russia . 
  what does that matter ? 
  there have been maps shown that prove otherwise as well . 
  these islands are n't populated . 
  what control do you think they had from some central government in china 1000 years ago ? 
  tibet also has claims of not being a part of china . 
  china sure does n't care about that though . 
  there are no countries that recognize china 's claims . 
  they made the claims and the other countries in the area just refused to acknowledge them . 
  just like china 's newest ploy of claiming a zone of control . 
  usa violates it and refuses to communicate and comply with it on a regular basis to prove a point .
