  are invasions usually how trade deals get ironed out in russia ? 
  i would hate to see what trading looks like at a market . 
  apparently hurting a has been power 's ego makes a party equally culpable for invasions . 
  why does eu need russia for a middle man ? 
  eu is fully capable of being an economic power that trades with asia with zero input from russia . 
  what the fuck happens after nato accepts russia ? 
  russia and usa go out for drinks and then tag team the world ? 
  russia joining nato is impossible . 
  russia has been against europe since day one . 
  they literally preferred mongol hordes to europeans . 
  i could n't agree more with you . 
  the country exists to hate the west . 
  maybe you can move to eastern ukraine . 
  you seem to love exusing the vacationers . 
  you could see them up close and fully appreciate their behavior . 
  yeah their couriers were extra effective . 
  i am just trying to recall the last time someone invaded russia 's borders into the caucasus mountains because i have a much easier time remembering where they cross them . 
  i did n't suggest usa spending . 
  i suggest following 2 % agreed levels that almost everyone ignores that is n't in the east outside of uk . 
  france has been cutting as well but is usually at agreed levels . 
  russia has a naval base right on norway 's border . 
  it is a much better alternative to finland strategically especially with all that oil . 
  what a huge secret that germany only acts tough when it applies to allies suffering hard times . 
  and when exactly did russia spread to all of the caucasus region ? 
  did georgia get that memo with armenia and azerbaijan ? 
  that still does n't count . 
  if people are dumb enough to loan state companies money , they know the risk . 
  all securities have risk and are priced accordingly . 
  very rational of you . 
  be honest , voters are mostly ignorant . 
  people vote on the most trivial of matters and even blatant lies . 
  it is n't like a 16 year old could somehow make anything worse . 
  so when does europe finally wake up and realize defense is n't optional ? 
  no amount of social programs prevents against bombs . 
  russia , china , and india put eu countries to shame in military spending . 
  small alliances means you can attack countries and other countries can look the other way . 
  i do n't fuck around . 
  trolling greeks is serious business . 
  russia already spends a crazy amount of their gdp on military as is . 
  they have no debt either which helps . 
  although sanctions will hurt their revenue long term which could impede this . 
  yes and turkey does n't give a shit about doing it . 
  they have no reason to stop acting like dicks . 
  they know they are n't getting into eu anyway . 
  oh , i got what you were saying . 
  i just wanted to clarify , because i tore into the government pretty often in this thread just on my own . 
  you are probably right . 
  i know there is a very random mix of people in the country . 
  i just worry because it does n't take many people . 
  i have a very negative view of any government that uses ethnic tension to gain popularity or to cover up problems . 
  i hope you do n't get the impression that i have anything against the actual people . 
  i am only strictly against the crazy government propaganda . 
  i do n't think it takes much to motivate ignorant and desperate people . 
  it is n't like a huge number are needed to cause violence . 
  it is idiotic and i have zero respect for their government and the people who push their bullshit . 
  but , usa has given money to people as stimulus spending . 
  you have a very distorted view of what has happened . 
  japan also suffered through horrible bouts of deflation that just destroyed the japanese economy for literally decades . 
  they went from being a juggernaut to nonexistent while other economies spent years catching up . 
  the current situation in eu is just untenable . 
  germany is just flat out fucking over southern europe because they are reaping the benefits without caring about the long term . 
  they are milking the rest of europe as it plummets . 
  germany 's huge trade surplus speaks volumes about what is happening . 
  they are abusing the euro and only care about keeping inflation down . 
  what happens when economies just end up completely collapsing beyond repair without spending hundreds of billions in each country just to get them to reverse course , not even fix , just reverse ? 
  it becomes harder and harder to fix the situation the longer you wait . 
  where will germany be exporting to when it is surrounded by collapsed economies ? 
  who will buy german goods when they do n't even have jobs ? 
  america has a thriving economy because they prop up `` losers '' no matter who that happens to be at the current moment instead of moralizing on the sidelines as they die in slow motion . 
  america has states that have more population than many individual countries inside of europe . 
  eu 's half assed union is an absolute failure in regards to economics . 
  northern europeans are screaming bloody murder at the thought of being robbed by southern europe for monetary transfers . 
  in the meantime they force southern europe 's fiscal policy and are completely taking advantage of them while they are down . 
   and no one will ever think i 'm a crazy evil nationalist when i say where i 'm from :p until you start waving a german flag around and making people really nervous . 
  i would love to witness that especially if he was asian or black out some other race or ethnicity just for the awkward moment . 
  of course not . 
  you do what you can to institute regulations to prevent it . 
  that does n't change what needs to be done to fix the results . 
  keynesian economics fixed it . 
  economies sometimes bubble up just like stocks . 
  yes they do sometimes shrink when things happen . 
  it was n't the end of the world . 
  treating it like it is a moral matter has no relevance in economics . 
  germans tutt tutting did n't somehow make europe get better results than usa with their respective economies . 
  usa also bailed out europe as well . 
  it is being hypocritical . 
  germany is just taking advantage of the current situation to the detriment of the eu as a whole . 
  i let people hang themselves with their own rope versus automatically attacking people left and right . 
  i do n't want to become who i criticize . 
  point taken though . 
  i 'm a bit confused when you say liberal as an adjective because i know it means different things outside of usa . 
  when i say crisis , i do n't equate that with a collapse of the world economy . 
  if the usa acted like germany the eu would be in a world of shit . 
  usa also has done countless measures to prop up the euro as a currency . 
  you can talk about `` printing money '' , but that is n't true . 
  the us dollar is n't worthless and usa has zero issues paying their debt and they never have and they never will . 
  if for whatever reason usa has an economic collapse , the entire world is beyond fucked and i 'd likely guess usa would still end up the least fucked out of the group . 
  so where exactly are these `` bubbles '' that exist at the moment ? 
  usa went through two wars at the same time during the crisis and still managed to do better than europe . 
  europe is still fucked to this day all while spending almost nothing on defense .
