  yes they ca n't spend tens of billions in 24 hour periods to slow down ruble crashes and pretend their economy is doing well . 
  putin 's foreign relations is like having the hulk for a pr man . 
  when did eu invade countries to enforce trade deals ? 
  i can think of a recent example of russia doing it . 
  which country is in eu by threat of violence and had no choice ? 
  same for nato . 
  both of these require a long process . 
  imperialism normally does n't require an application process . 
  i ca n't even think of a country that does n't grow enough food for their own people `` punishing '' outside countries by not allowing their own citizens to buy outside food and causing inflation . 
  you do n't have opinions . 
  you are literally just spitting out direct word for word putin approved propaganda direct from the kremlin . 
  usa does n't have anything to do with eu trade deals . 
  usa was n't the one trying to make trade deals . 
  i know though , eus !, 
  those protests lasted for months peacefully . 
  that president was a lying thug . 
  countries run from russia because of russia 's extensive resume of how it treats `` friends '' over the decades and zero intention of changing even after ussr collapsed . 
  russia did n't change a damn thing about its ambitions . 
  it only had its capabilities to follow through curtailed . 
  and poland started wwii by asking for it . 
  you are hitting every ridiculous talking point today ? 
  what about nato ? 
  i heard they are very expansionistic . 
  how do you feel about that one ? 
  i do n't even know how psychotic a government needs to be to where it brags about how dangerous it is as a way to be respected by the world community . 
  screaming about how it can kill everyone is for some reason counter productive with foreign relations past the time of the mongolian horde . 
  it defends itself through pre emptive invasions against all these aggressors . 
  sweden needs to stop being so menacing . 
  what a fucking caricature you are . 
  russia has no right to other countries . 
  ukrainians are n't russia 's slaves . 
  any other things you want to parrot like a brainless drone ? 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2jv1dm/just_so_you_may_know_russia_has_5000_nukes_putin/clfew7m  or to remind the us that trying to blackmail a nuclear power is futile and counter-productive to strategic stability . 
  word for word . 
  go shill elsewhere . 
  please update your software at least . 
  are they for real ? 
  i do n't even know how to parody that . 
  there is no room for making it more ridiculous . 
  if a russian sub just randomly surfaced in the chesapeake bay the whole country would lose its shit . 
  i could n't imagine that kind of stuff happening , on top of proximity and having a very weak military with no military alliances . 
  both countries have more nukes than that . 
  they just are n't deployed . 
  i do n't remember off the top of my head , but russia has more than any other country by a decent margin . 
  you are right . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  that is hilarious if true . 
  yes , because i said that . 
  sort of sounds like operating under the pretense of de facto belonging to nato . 
  at this point the countries are as close as possible short of officially . 
  clearly poland does n't benefit from eu at all . 
  it was doing much better before . 
  but that logic is exactly why baltics joined nato . 
  i might just not understand your meaning . 
  poland with immigrants and an unofficial caste system . 
  understood . 
  i am joking around obviously . 
  not every country gets blessed with great neighbors . 
  it clearly is n't finland invading sweden at random moments . 
  on a more serious note defense spending needs to be spent before it is needed . 
  it is n't a switch you turn on only when needed . 
  what the hell is your point ? 
  any country that is n't 100 % one ethnicity is pushing `` internationalism '' ? 
  i get that you hate immigrants but that does n't mean anything you say is automatically true . 
  soviet union specifically pushed russian culture and language . 
  what a ridiculous statement by you . 
  what was soviet union supposed to do ? 
  forbid non russians from all government positions to prove you wrong ? 
   putin resorted to thinly veiled threats in his statements . 
  he referred to u.s. president barack obama 's policies as `` hostile , '' urged him to realize the `` folly of trying to blackmail russia '' and in a clear allusion to the cuban missile crisis of 1962 said obama should remember how `` discord between major nuclear powers can influence strategic stability . '', 
  my favorite part is these talking points being used by people on reddit word for word . 
  the victim complex is huge with the russian government . 
  i enjoy the complaints of daring to interfere with russia 's collection of countries that belong to it like pets . 
  the idea that russia is a super power is also hilarious . 
  i guess north korea should have an exclusive sphere of influence since it owns nukes too . 
  soviet union was just russian empire building . 
  bavarian politics is hardly old news . 
  it happens today . 
  do n't assume people not liking you and people that think like you with it being uk specific . 
  he is proud of trolling . 
  how about letting people control their own lives ? 
  someone wants invasions . 
  when the hell did internationalism lead to tyranny in europe ? 
  is n't sweden 's defense program consisting of trying to sell weapons to the shield of finland ? 
  what could sweden do to prevent a russian planting a flag on gotland ? 
  check out what is happening in ukraine and getting sliced apart . 
  i am pretty sure being attacked first is a better reason to have protection so that they leave or refuse to think attacking is going to be successful in the first place . 
  using your logic means baltic countries should drop nato . 
  if i got offended every time someone took a stupid shot at americans especially on this sub i would spend my whole time complaining . 
  i can name multiple russians that speak english by user name off memory and speak to russians on a regular basis on this site . 
  well usa clearly blame themselves for it . 
  any mention of curve ball does n't scape goat anyone even once . 
  the worst i have ever seen is that uk believed the intelligence also . 
  cool story . 
  uk is easily usa 's second closest ally . 
  i have never heard anyone blame germany even once for iraq . 
  logistics and research sure is n't cheap . 
  at least conscripts are very cheap . 
  where is russia blackmailed ? 
  yes i do remember watching that interview .
