  i 'd say initiating the contract in the first place was a mistake . 
  there was protesting over the contract from day one . 
  usa was not funding isis . 
  russia is perpetually fucking with baltic countries . 
  what makes you think russia is n't fucking with eu by attacking countries that eu makes trade deals with and set on the path of joining ? 
  which crisis has cost more european lives ? 
  i guarantee you it was ukraine . 
  i also was n't proposing france sell weapons to terrorists . 
  what harm exactly are you expecting if france sold weapons to saudi arabia as an example ? 
  saying they are a fact is highly disputable . 
  they claims by china practically say they own everything in the ocean up to the shores of other countries . 
  i meant missile base . 
  it will be completed after the romanian one . 
  an eu army that operates outside of nato seems ridiculous considering the waste that would be involved . 
  nato has partnerships with eu countries that are n't in nato as well . 
  the two groups are almost one in the same . 
  poland is still getting that base . 
  who cares if it gets stalled ? 
  russia knows it will get it anyway . 
  russia just keeps their money longer . 
  russia also knows france wo n't turn down money . 
  usa cares . 
  only france matters . 
  russia is abducting people in eu but they were n't french . 
  russia fights with rebels that shoot down a huge amount of dutch , but they are n't french . 
  then throwing subsidies in the faces of countries that belong to eu is even better as if developed areas throughout eu do n't help out the economy of all of eu through increased trade . 
  if a poor section of usa is attacked , the other states do n't tell it to go fuck itself and mention all the tax revenue that gets paid towards them . 
  when did middle east countries invade europe ? 
  usa is n't selling weapons to the ottoman empire . 
  russia was invading georgia prior to contract . 
  let 's not pretend like russia has been this angel for decades and just out of nowhere acted up . 
  oh , yeah , i can just see it now . 
  ukraine will just blow over . 
  russia is going to hand over crimea a month after the mistral sale gets cancelled in an elaborate ruse to fuck over france . 
  africans are ok with china because china ca n't do a damn thing in africa except bribe them for resources . 
  china is n't capable of colonialism with their military . 
  china most definitely threatened their neighbors with military though . 
  it happens often and they think that they own the pacific . 
  they openly state that they are the biggest country in asia so whatever they want is what is most important . 
  it would n't be the first time a party has pushed an ideology that does n't work out even if `` common sense '' says it should or thinking if something works somewhere that it would be successful everywhere without any external factors in play . 
  give it a week and more history will continue to be made . 
  usa is n't alone . 
  they have china surrounded along the pacific . 
  usa continues to make close mutually beneficial ties with india . 
  usa is also very close with countries like japan , taiwan , vietnam , the philippines , etc. 
  many of those countries are legitimate powers completely on their own . 
  usa has spent decades building relationships just like they have in europe . 
  all of this is very much needed because china not being stopped is going to be very bad for the rest of asia . 
  they view their neighbors as vassals and openly say they are the only country that matters in asia . 
  eu would very clearly be third in that scenario . 
  what exactly does usa do to hold eu back that somehow china could improve ? 
  china does n't have allies . 
  china is n't able to invade many of the countries in the region due to protection from usa . 
  because they lacked a conference after a boycott . 
  yes and no . 
  the views of a country change through death as well . 
  conservative used to mean not letting women vote at one point for example . 
  yes , sweden is literally saudi arabia apparently . 
  that is a region of the country that politicians regularly get votes by pushing reactionary social issues like dog whistle racism , openly pushing religion in public schools and in government , discrimination against gays , etc. 
  damn it , texas . 
  stop . 
  when did they leave crimea ? 
  troll harder . 
  that is exactly how it works . 
  amazing logic . 
  that is depressing . 
  cheaper to cut across europe than to ship it directly to italy . 
  i was not aware of that . 
  thank you . 
  yes , always great when a sin tax is used to improve behavior and then the government gets pissed that less people pay taxes by acting better . 
  holy shit that is a lot of taxes . 
  i 'd be pissed at the thought of more taxes . 
  do n't you guys pass taxes and cuts that have `` sunsets '' on them . 
  in usa there are many laws will only last for so long so that it is forced to be negotiated again at a later date no matter what . 
  this applies to taxes as well . 
  are you sure about that `` tax money '' per capita ? 
  i always thought it was money per capita on healthcare . 
  i do n't think it is necessarily government money spent on healthcare . 
  yeah , there is no defending the actions of the government and i 'd be mad too . 
  i agree with you there . 
  i do n't think that is how they work . 
  my understanding is that pipes are kept filled and pressurized with water at all times . 
  i always thought the problems were with leaks and breaks . 
  and yes maintaining the infrastructure and treating water are the costs that are involved with water . 
  water in itself is n't expensive . 
  it is delivery . 
  they have no choice . 
  i was n't suggesting an unjustified increase . 
  simply a separate system to pay that keeps water compartmentalized . 
  i would lower the other taxes to make it revenue neutral . 
  that is why i like state companies for resources . 
  you can run it like a private company and charge what it takes to make it break even while keeping it regulated by the government to make sure citizens are n't fucked . 
  no shit . 
  that does n't result in a fucked up eu though . 
  life has never been better for the people in eu . 
  they are the biggest economy in the world and have zero worries about ever being invaded . 
  sounds awful for eu . 
  usa really fucked over eu . 
  did usa invade france when they refused to go to iraq ? 
  eu is independent .
