  it is hilarious that you ca n't even realize how bad your logic is no matter how clearly everyone points it out . 
  is this putin 's reddit account ? 
  i think you just solved the economy . 
  just make everything expensive !, 
  you speak like the victim is always to blame and you can never dare respond to aggressive actions . 
  you are wrong . 
  american car companies sell products worldwide . 
  tell me more about russian industry . 
  what russian manufacturing does any country buy ? 
  russia is just a resource colony . 
  they produce nothing of value and rely massively on imports . 
  nicer cars have more to them . 
  of course they cost more to own . 
  if the country you lived in had decent wages for non gangsters/politicians then it would n't really be much of an issue . 
  using your absurd logic makes a honda civic a better car than an s class . 
  you are talking completely out of your ass . 
  how is mercedes worse compared to the older ones ? 
  why does germany import so many cars to russia ? 
  should n't russia be able to build anything ? 
  why is russia completely incapable of building a modern car ? 
  yes , i am sure russia hates their crappy mercedes imports compared to the wonder that is lada . 
  capitalism blows , comrade . 
  and what makes you think it fools the wto ? 
  yes , just look at the ussr today for how it can be an amazing success story . 
  the ussr just dwarfs the rest of the world in economic production . 
  oh shit , wait ... 
  yeah , so sit safe in germany and tell everyone to the east to pipe down in order to keep peace with the country that occupies and annexes land all around europe ? 
  have to make sure the gas stays cheap and the exports keep flowing . 
  i mean , russia would never fuck over their neighbors . 
  we should dismantle nato like they keep asking . 
  everyone will be safer in a new ussr anyway . 
  the point is that you are never too important to act like a snob . 
  i made that statement in hopes you would see the issue with your own statements . 
  i do n't actually have a problem with italy . 
  you just compared nukes to conventional forces . 
  great job . 
  ruble for your thoughts . 
  putin would never let another country tell him where troops can be stationed in russia . 
  works both ways but he thinks otherwise . 
  what in the world , they already do have huge bases on border . 
  my family did n't even live in this country back then . 
  i certainly would n't claim credit for something i had nothing to do with . 
  sorry that you have to deal with idiots . 
  it can be unavoidable on the net . 
  i am speaking to you and vice versa . 
  where did i do any of that ? 
  i even tried to avoid like saying it was just usa . 
  because i feel like i am speaking to a child . 
  do you think this is the un and i am an american diplomat if i have flair ? 
  cry more . 
  i represent myself only . 
  good luck finding that perfect act while bashing merely good ones . 
  i see . 
  thank you . 
  and the west dumped tons of money until rebuilding their enemies . 
  let us all feel sympathy for what happened to germany in wwii . 
  we can let the british organize what i imagine will be a very massive line of volunteers willing to give their thoughts . 
  someone is bitter . 
  i do n't understand . 
  usa is very pro eu . 
  why must one be against eu to like usa ? 
  you think ukraine wished they had a stronger military right now ? 
  did you pay attention to how cold war worked out ? 
  russia can move their military where they please in their borders and stfu about what other countries do inside their own . 
  white makes right for these people . 
  plus the appeal of fascist dictators warms their loins . 
  are you afraid of the nazis taking poland again because a few germans are in a un mission in africa ? 
  does n't america have states with bigger economies than all of italy combined ? 
  why should anyone care about italy ? 
  everyone loves german precision bristles . 
  their contribution will be appreciated . 
  who is referencing cold war ? 
  i mention their actions now when i make my criticisms . 
  does putin have a time machine ? 
  pretty sure he is the dictator of russia and not the ussr . 
  lol , russians getting glonass for christmas would make me happy . 
  no military jets belong in turkey without permission . 
  especially with weapons and not communicating . 
  some people here respect the right of turkey to defend itself . 
  this implies they ever leave in the first place . 
  so how many inches would you prefer on the analogy ? 
  they were justified , so hardly irrational . 
  hell , they gladly annex land to `` protect '' people . 
  there is a difference between justified and right . 
  i agree . 
  they released a tweet that showed the flight path . 
  they documented russians crossing into their country . 
  what more is there to know ? 
  they made that public . 
  i am not going by just he said she said . 
  russia has a long pattern of giving zero fucks about borders and gets warned constantly . 
  they purposefully avoid communicating as well which makes it even more hostile . 
  thanks for warning , but your english is great . 
  it is hard to be sympathasizing with a country that regularly displays bravado towards violating borders all across europe and was warned constantly by turkey alone much less others . 
  one asshole , putin , finally fucked with another asshole and apparently does n't like the result . 
  not everyone is going to seems polite letters like sweden versus actually defend themselves from the local bully that views themselves as a super power that is above the law . 
  play stupid games get stupid prizes . 
  they continously got warned . 
  they give zero fucks about borders unless the borders are their own . 
  maybe they pay more attention next time .
