  the occupiers also invested into rebuilding that country into a power that gets to freeload and take advantage of a cheaper mark version 2 while the rest of euro zone suffers . 
  russia has only ventured past immediate borders for a short mission in syria . 
  using your logic , portugal can threaten australia with a sub . 
  i mean they have n't done it and never have , but do n't let that stop you from arguing !, 
  tough shit , cry more . 
  no one is forced into nato . 
  you are a minority . 
  i think my taxes are too high , this proves democracy is failed because the government does n't do everything i want !, 
  they have literally one foreign base past immediate borders . 
  i stated this . 
  countries hit russia back . 
  russian track record is on my side . 
  and once again you say nothing that contradicts me . 
  they have no ability to do any of that past their immediate borders . 
  what the fuck they going to do ? 
  you ca n't create a puppet with a sub across the world . 
  russia has no ability to project past their immediate borders and you are not proving otherwise . 
  again , russia threatening to attack random countries gets russia isolated . 
  they are isolated with a joke of an economy . 
  too bad they are invited to be there by the government , thanks !, 
  i would n't care . 
  a superpower ca n't have it both ways . 
  their freeloading is a choice they willingly take , agreed . 
  my stalin comment was a cheap shot earlier . 
  i do n't think it is cool to insult random serbs either . 
  i do n't like people bashing serbia and i give zero fucks about the flair of the people that do it . 
  serbia has done some real shit things very recently though and i do n't think references from centuries past hold the same value . 
  yeah , i do think i argued points that you and i both agree on . 
  all bets are off though as soon as a serb starts playing victim about nato though . 
  then i hope the thread goes full balkan . 
  serbs are recently christianized turks , greater albania references , the works . 
  and at an absolute bare minimum the usa after formation in its legit form after only being colonies has committed ethnic cleansing on natives . 
  what is the difference ? 
  do you think mexicans come from mars and have vastly different values from europeans ? 
  are the southern european former colonies not european enough for you ? 
  jackson was a piece of shit but he did n't wipe out the western hemisphere.the disease does n't survive out of a host for long . 
  you are literally talking about centuries ago before there was even basic germ theory . 
  the country is also populated from massive amounts of immigration that has not stopped for its entire history . 
  we are n't talking some nation state of a unified culture going back centuries . 
  is a black person in the usa from a history of slavery supposed to feel guilty because something from the 1600s or someone whose family only got to the country 40 years ago , etc ? 
  lots of the shit happened by europeans . 
  europe criticizing other countries for how they treat natives is fucking comical considering they created those colonies and took over most of the world at one point or another and while they were n't doing that they were starting globe spanning wars to sure their dicks were measured accurately at all times . 
  that is a massive exaggeration . 
  mexico ca n't even take on their own cartels and they depend on american market to stay remotely functional . 
  huge trading partners . 
  there is no reason to not be friendly with your neighbors much less try invading them . 
  good luck invading the usa of all places . 
  yes as if no one notices it first right ? 
  smallpox was not used to wipe them out . 
  it is completely unavoidable . 
  talking about biological warfare from centuries ago with something that they themselves are not immune to . 
  most of the people that are refugees are not from syria and that civil war exists outside of the usa 's actions . 
  also , eu invaded willingly in iraq . 
  so they ca n't blame everything on the usa . 
  also , give me a break , the region has always been shit and always will be . 
  that person i spoke to is livid and obsessed at the idea of even a single american outside their borders . 
  take a look at their daily rantings here . 
  i say occupied in quotes for the people that talk about current situation in case i was not clear , sorry . 
  the usa was not strong enough to take on the ussr and caved in at the end of european front of wwii . 
  i do not condone the results of yalta and do n't have ill will towards germans . 
  i am glad that the usa helped germany and japan versus trying to destroy them for good . 
  i much prefer those actions versus what happened with countries behind curtain . 
  even a quarter century later and east germany still has not recovered from the failures of the ussr . 
  european interests align the most with the usa regardless . 
  european countries are not allies from threats or force . 
  no one expects 100 % lockstep agreement . 
  bitter and obsessed . 
  easy to blame your problems on the bogeyman of the evil empire versus personal responsibility . 
  you must admit that they are impressive moats . 
  the british did amazing with just a channel and finite space on the islands . 
  that would never happen anyway . 
  atlantic and pacific are american moats . 
  that has value too . 
  russia 's air force is pitiful compared to the usa much less nato . 
  the joke about coach is you ca n't fly forces all over the world to unwilling places . 
  you need a navy to project . 
  you ca n't project with a sub . 
  what do you mean closer to china and india ? 
  europe and the usa share similar culture which is what keeps them closer than other countries . 
  also , no one is prevented from economic activity with china . 
  fuck , the usa trades a ton with china as well . 
  india is not a rival . 
  they are not a close ally either due to pakistan but they are a good partner with the usa . 
  there is absolutely zero animosity towards india . 
  they are also the world 's largest democracy and i hope they continue to grow and develop . 
  the world is better off with a prosperous india . 
  china is a whole other story . 
  i am not in germany , so i do n't need to fuck off . 
  the thing is , your voice is a minority regardless of how loud you shout . 
  i heard about stories of mind control bread as well . 
  tell me how russia can project globally ? 
  with what navy ? 
  will those soldiers fly coach ? 
  the thing about mexico and canada is they have zero interest in not being american allies . 
  maybe russia should treat friends better ? 
  what does it say that so many countries run away as fast as they can to the prosperity and security of the usa ? 
  yes because smallpox and the european powers had nothing to do with it and that somehow matches stalin hundreds of years later . 
  did the biggest country in the world get that way through peace and love ? 
  poland has already come to the aid of their allies since collapse of the ussr and they are not rich . 
  as if europe does n't get to sell to the usa as well ?
