  each party has a range of positions inside of it . 
  how is having a party with no power like communists or something any different than having a few people inside of a big party who have fringe beliefs ? 
  there have been instances of democracies in europe that did n't have foreign influence that were taken over by dictatorships that came from war . 
  spain and portugal had dictatorships installed while having been republics beforehand . 
  which planet were you located on that has locations mirroring england ? 
  christ . 
  these people make me unreasonably angry . 
  usa required other countries to form their democracy . 
  something from centuries ago does n't have to apply to today . 
  why is n't russia a democracy after their monarchy ? 
  why was their dictators in europe after monarchy but not in all of them ? 
  and i agree with him . 
  russia must never be allowed to regroup . 
  ukraine needs to remain independent . 
  russia 's actions show exactly why that has to remain that way . 
  their actions are just going to push more countries away . 
  i am sure countries like belarus are watching very carefully at their bullshit in ukraine . 
  ah well thanks i was n't aware of specific era flags for tsar . 
  was n't serfdom already abolished under the monarchy before the revolution ? 
  yeah that was kind of my point . 
  seems like a ridiculous point made by this posting . 
  i do n't even know where to begin . 
  are you also an expert with giving street level opinions ? 
  they do n't do it in mexican but they do in spanish . 
  and people were posting to twitter during egyptian riots . 
  they were the assholes . 
  as if russian hate required more ammunition . 
  that does sound incredibly ignorant . 
  that is so depressing to hear about in regards to the kurds . 
  some third parties end up a lot more affected than others though . 
  often times acting as a third party can be a cause for good as well . 
  this obviously goes both ways though . 
  i do think it seems silly though to suddenly have a bad impression of the swiss for doing something they have been doing for centuries . 
  of course governments change . 
  that does n't change that treaties are binding . 
  treaties do n't become null and void with line item vetoes based on public opinion though . 
  there is a difference between negotiating specific opt outs like the uk versus making and breaking rules you agreed to when you feel like it . 
  being a democracy does n't mean any treaty you sign is worthless day to day . 
  look at that map . 
  treaties are binding . 
  you are right that you do n't control public policy . 
  sweden is abusing the eu . 
  the treaty they signed is n't up for public opinion . 
  public opinion is n't part of the treaty . 
  sweden is abusing the mechanics by claiming they are n't meeting the criteria to join and can remain in that limbo indefinitely . 
  they are using that as a de facto opt out of the euro which they agreed to join in a treaty . 
  public referendums have nothing to do with the euro . 
  i am not being ignorant in stating this . 
   sweden is obliged under its 1994 treaty of accession sweden is purposely ducking the euro . 
  they are avoiding blatant rules put in place by eu . 
  you ca n't just negate treaties by saying the people do n't like them . 
  i am well aware that usa is n't perfect . 
  i was pointing out the hypocrisy of talking about usa while living in a country that shrugs off the rules of the eu while being a member . 
  russia and usa absolutely did not rise at a similar level . 
  2008 had a worldwide economic crisis . 
  that is n't a knock on europe . 
  europe is still way stronger of an economy that russia could ever dream of being . 
  i repeat , russia is not a rival of usa in any meaningful way . 
  they are irrelevant . 
  japan is much more relevant than russia could ever dream of . 
  i mean , just how in the world is russia relevant ? 
  they are as relevant as any other gas station country with a dictatorship government . 
  in case you did n't know , gdp and living standards are the biggest factors in `` relevance '' for countries outside of periods of war . 
  even then gdp determines output for war production . 
  russia ca n't support itself without eu giving them money . 
  russia would literally collapse and go bankrupt . 
  russia also needs huge growth in gdp to just break even or compare to eu or usa who are economic giants on the world stage . 
  russia is getting crushed right now economically and hovering around zero is failure for the russian state . 
  russia a rival for usa on relations with china ? 
  compare china 's trade with usa and russia and say that again with a straight face . 
  china just bent russia over a barrel over their fuel deal . 
  russia has no one to turn to and china took advantage of it . 
  good for them . 
  russian government depends entirely on their fuel network delivering fuel to eu and over half of the government revenue depends on this money . 
  when russia and usa rise on a `` similar level '' it is russia falling further and further behind . 
  that is n't how math works . 
   sweden does not currently use the euro as its currency and has no plans to replace the krona in the near future . 
  sweden is obliged under its 1994 treaty of accession to join the eurozone once it meets the necessary conditions set out in the treaty of maastricht . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] sweden maintains that joining the erm ii ( a requirement for euro adoption ) is voluntary , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] and has chosen to remain outside erm ii pending public approval by a referendum , thereby intentionally avoiding the fulfilment of the adoption requirements . 
  direct from wiki . 
  the un was n't created to be a supranational organization that controls the laws of nations . 
  this is the same organization that has countries like cuba , russia , and saudi arabia on their human rights council . 
  when did sweden not belong in europe . 
  you specifically said usa and all of europe . 
  all of it . 
  every last country . 
  please tell me how mentioning facts about sweden makes me a typical american with negative connotations regarding stereotypes and how i 'm ignorant . 
  might as well throw in galicia while you are at it . 
  good luck finding an innocent politician especially one in russia . 
  they would never survive . 
   yes , but adding a country who 's way worse than any other country in europe would n't help . 
  of course you did n't . 
  i pointed out how sweden completely disregarded their agreements with the eu in a very glaring way . 
  and no one listens to the un . 
  it is a useless organization for many things . 
  the eu is far more powerful than the un . 
  and yes i am totally imagining things when you phrase comments using typical ignorant american . 
  edit : except the part about un , your entire comment is a lie . 
  usa has a better relationship with china than russia does . 
  china has hardly any trade with russia and they share a border .
