  i see this getting thrown around a lot ; where is the proof influx of immigrants is directly correlated to economic downturn ? 
  more workers lead to worse wages and worse conditions . 
  this will in turn only mean more profits to corporations and the economic flows will slow down . 
  this is just economics 101 and if we take it a step further it 'll lead to less money spent on welfare and worse conditions for everyone . 
  in economics a lot of things is about balance , which is why a lot of the progressive countries are socialistic and not communistic or kapitalistic . 
   it is n't . 
  people have been mass immigrating to europe for decades and we 've went through several boom-bust cycles , and you know what ? 
  immigrants did n't cause a single one of those . 
  there is a difference between labour immigraiton and overflow immigration . 
  if you look at the statistics countries which take in a lot of immigrants you 'll see a trend in higher unemployment , more violent crimes and more segrigation . 
   every time we talk about eu enlargement some people harp on about all the immigrants . 
  you know what , the polish have been moving around europe for a decade now , and unless you want to pin the eurocrisis on polish immigrants , then those claims seem pretty unsubstantiated to me . 
  one of the reasons why sweden is sick of eu is because of polish , romanian and bulgarian workers who work for much less . 
  it has caused companies to go bankrupt and worsened the swedish economy a whole lot . 
  so yes these immigrants are also not very good , but comparatively they 're fewer - plus people go to poland , romania and bulgaria to work so it evens out a little at least - unlike other countries . 
   this , this i can understand . 
  large , uncontrolled influxes of immigrants into a single country will cause this problem . 
   but we 're 28 countries . 
  why are we not able to diffuse the immigrant population amongst all of our memberstates , using economic strength , size and population as metrics for who gets how much ? 
  we 're focusing the economic strength on the mediterranian countries currently . 
  a thing that 's awful is that in sweden we have segrigated areas where the government are afraid to enter , where our schools can not teach certain things because they 'll upset people and immigrated groups target minority groups because they have a conflict in their home countries or they believe different things . 
  it 's awful and not humane at all . 
  jews who are moving away because they do n't feel safe is a huge problem , but these type of problems do n't really happen in modern , rich and civilised societies right ? 
   i 'm not going to say they 're heartless . 
  that would be an exaggeration . 
  but i 'm not going to say that it 's not flat out , a wrong thing to do and it is an extremely poor set of priorities we have if we 're going to toss out people who can , in the long term , lead to a net contribution to the countries they both live in and the countries they are coming from , because some right wing parties have scared us with baseless rhetoric . 
  how long is `` long term '' ? 
  sweden currently has a loss from immigration and with segrigation and the unwillingness to educate oneself more it 's going to take a very very long time for these people to actually contribute . 
  it 's a harsh truth but currently they 're a drain on the welfare . 
  right winged parties have always exaggerated things but if you can not seperate what is the truth and what is not you 'll end up with a black and white view where you either do n't believe any of the problems or believe all of them , and this is the worst type of scenario you can land on because they have to be either way wrong about everything or way right about everything for you to be right - and both parts are scary . 
  i see people who believe sweden for instance get billions in grants from eu to take care of immigrants when this is clearly not even close to the truth and as soon as i tell them its not they instantly go on the defensive instead of seperating the facts from the fiction . 
  the truth is the household debt of sweden is rising and this is mostly because of housing shortage . 
  by taking in more immigrants the household debt will rise which will lead to a segrigated class society - something that is terrible for everyone . 
  the first article is about sub-african immigrants in morocco . 
  it points out that moroccan government treats * their immigrants * badly . 
  the second article is again about african immigrants who comes to morocco , not actual moroccan poverty or ill treatment . 
  the third article is again about sub african immigrants and not the state of their wellbeing in their home countries . 
  the fourth is about immigrants being treated like garbage , again not their wellbeing in their home countries . 
  the fifth is again about how the moroccan government treat immigrants . 
  none of your articles says that any of the immigrants are poor or they 're fleeing war . 
   the moroccan government either violently abuse or outright kill the migrants they catch , and what 's worse we pay them to do it . 
  yeah , and by taking in more people we give people hope of making this journey . 
  if we say `` yeah sure come all you want '' a lot more people are going to try . 
   people in europe are so god damn worried about economic effects that they forget the extremely more important human element to this problem . 
  which is ? 
  why are you so mad about people who want to help them in their own countries ? 
  if you really want to help these people you volunteer there . 
  we have doctors without borders and engineers without borders already and that 's a huge progress . 
  if we take in the people who try we 're going to need to spend more and more resources in our own countries and less and less in the developing nations . 
   these people are running from persecution , ethnic cleansing , civil war , murder , tyranny , and abject poverty in order to have an opportunity of living . 
  none of your sources state that . 
  i do know that this is true to a degree however and i just want to point out that nothing good has come from ignoring these fundamental problems . 
  you need to fix the problem by its roots and help the people build up their own society . 
   where are our european values ? 
  why are these people denied rights that we demand for ourselves and take as granted , simply based on accident of birth ? 
  your demands are unrealistic . 
  the economy will decline with a lot of immigrants and not to talk about the segrigation and cultural conflicts . 
  ** anything ** radical is the worst thing you can do . 
  these things they take time and doing it the wrong way will be a catastrophy . 
   these people are living , breathing human beings , and they deserve the same rights as we do , and that includes personal safety , and the right to the pursuit of happiness . 
  and that is not and should not ever be based on any other metric than the fact that they are living , breathing human beings . 
  who would even dispute this ? 
  ireland was once a very poor nation but it built itself up . 
  claiming these countries wont and that they rely on immigrating to other countries is prepostreous . 
   so , when people say this to me ? 
  all i can say is , yes , really . 
  no you 're saying that everyone who do n't agree with you are heartless scum . 
   plus , if you boot these people out , they 're more than likely dead . 
  simple as that . 
  the moroccan government will either round them up and lock them away indefinitely , shoot them , or strand them out in the desert . 
  and if they do n't do any of those , these people are absolutely destitute , have no money or resources of any kind and dumping them in a country like morocco is probably gon na end with them dying somehow . 
  do you have a source or are you just guessing ? 
   so , yeah . 
  unless you want to be a cruel , selfish `` human '' being , you ca n't deny these people a crossing . 
  this argument is so bad . 
  `` let them in or you 're litterally the devil '' , i mean really ? 
  it is but that 's not really the same as randomly go out and attacking people . 
  it was a planned attack just they got the wrong address . 
  that 's why i wrote `` believe '' in quotating marks , since they look up addresses on the yellow pages or something and then `` believe '' the people still live there . 
  but the violence is not random as you 're trying to make it sound . 
  it 's a huge difference . 
  attacking people at random implies they go out on the streets and find people to mug or beat up , but they do n't . 
   people at random no ? 
  they are attacking political opponents . 
  this includes liberals and moderates . 
  they believe everyone on the right side of the spectrum no matter how far is responsible for everything bad in society . 
  what you 're refering to is that they sometimes `` believe '' someone lives in one house but in reality they moved several years ago . 
  sweden has very loose immigration politics . 
  besides what does sweden actually gain by letting people into the country ? 
  with high unemployment and housing shortage it seems stupid to take in more people . 
  the ones who wo n't be included in this valve will still just illegally try to immigrate . 
  the only solution is to make it fully legal for everyone to come and that 's devastating for every country involved . 
  somewhat . 
  there is a clear difference between immigrants from europe/china/japan / korea/usa/canada and from mena countries . 
  the first group has very little problem blending in and integrating . 
  they have an easier to get jobs and such aswell . 
  the mena countries are more troublesome because they are generally poorer which means state provided housing and grants are required to survive and they have generally a lower education which means they struggle to find jobs that compete with the student jobs ( generally made as an entry job to get experience ) . 
  overall it barely makes even when it comes to overall immigration but that 's because immigration from certain countries contribute a lot more than others . 
  i 'd say immigrants from europe/china/japan / korea/usa/canada turns a profit of the society while the mena countries do not . 
  however there are a lot more factors to consider such as criminality and cultures .
