  like i give a fuck . 
  you 're limiting freedom of the people . 
  [ here you go . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticisms_of_marxism#suppression_of_individual_rights )  not what socialism is . 
  so where can i own stocks in socialism ? 
   nice wiki page bro , if i spam you with them does that make me automatically right ? 
  people argue that power will become the new currency . 
   where has country even come into this ? 
  both russian and china are capitalist states . 
  do you seriously believe that or are you just being plain stupid ? 
   paying workers what they are worth . 
  in order for capitalists to make a profit they can not pay workers the value of their productivity . 
  this is a fundamental fact . 
  they are paid what their market value is . 
   it is not abolishing corporate hierarchy . 
  it could be with some change , but abolishment of the concept is silly . 
  besides corporations can not be run by people who are n't educated in the field . 
   it is not introducing worker 's cooperatives , and coops are socialist by nature . 
  it is , but it depends on the market . 
   if you think socialism is a laugh , anarcho-capitalism is the biggest joke in the ideological book with absolutely zero basis in reality . 
  of course it is . 
  i said above that black and white reasoning is silly . 
  saying one ideology is at fault for everything in the world is ignorant . 
  putting extremes and saying `` well this ** type ** of capitalism has setbacks '' makes it seem like you 're trying to put words in my mouth . 
  i do n't care for capitalism nor communism because they are both fundamentally faulty . 
  why would they ? 
  if there is no difference in money there is difference in power . 
   if a politician committed a crime , he 'd get the same punishment as the dock worker does , not to mention the prestige of law makers is dramatically reduced given that all important decisions are made via direct democracy . 
  no he would n't . 
  for one even communism has different degrees of pay . 
  a doctor earns more than a construction worker for instance . 
  for two if he ca n't bribe an officer with money he could do so with power - perhaps giving him a better job , or more resources at his disposal . 
   great response . 
  so you have nothing to say about how all the capital is gravitating towards the same organizations ? 
  i do . 
  read above where i said `` both on their own are stupid but if you mix them you 've a better society . '' . 
  you 're the one putting extremes and saying `` all capitalists must die '' or some shit . 
   totally unsubstantiated claim . 
  prove me wrong . 
   something tells me that if one thing is the root cause for the vast majority of bad things that have happened in the past ~ 200 years , i can safely say it 's a bad thing and we should want to get rid of it . 
  it is n't . 
  you should try reading up on economic structures and why some work and other 's do n't . 
  do you actually believe the governements of today think communism is so good that the people can not handle it ? 
  it 's a fantasy . 
   preservation/increase of democracy and control of the people ( putting an end to oligarchy and plutocracy , created as a result of capitalism ) this is however limiting freedom . 
  saying people can not own stuff is terrible . 
   reduction/elimination of social and economic inequality ( currently increasing as a result of capitalism ) [ read up . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticisms_of_marxism )  reducing/eliminating exploitation of third world countries ( currently increasing as a result of capitalism ) no . 
  these countries which are exploited are so because they are bad at economics or do n't care about their people . 
  one could argue saying first world countries are sucking third world nations of resources however they would do so regardless of ideology . 
   stopping destruction of the enviornment ( currently ignored under capitalism ) because countries like china and russia are totally 100 % completely green . 
  you 're so ignorant and like to just point fingers at others . 
   paying workers what they 're worth , either through reformation of the wage labour system or abolition of corporate hierarchy with the introduction of worker 's cooperatives ( a system proven to be effective ) . 
  capitalism by nature does not do or encourage any of this . 
  capitalism is exactly what 's doing this . 
  you need to understand the fundamental principles of capitalism to be able to comprehend why . 
  capitalism assumes competition and unbiased law making . 
   equal rights for all , regardless of social class , employment or race , gender , and religion . 
  because the law makers or politicians for instance would definitely not get special treatment ? 
   prevent global economic stagnation wow , just wow . 
   prevent global monopoly are you trolling ? 
   you 're the one that said communism was stupid . 
  alone it is . 
  communism is good on paper but bad in practice . 
   not my fault you can not understand your own logic . 
  you said `` what we should all be angry at , universally , is the system that forced this to happen ; capitalism . '', 
  like capitalism is litterally the devil and communism is the saint who will save the poor proletarians . 
  what ? ... 
  russia is east so why is the dalah\u00e4st shooting west ? 
   depends on your definition of `` reasonable '' . 
  an argument which makes sense economically . 
  can you come up with arguments why capitalism should be abolished ? 
   saying `` hurr durr socialism is literally stalin '' is ignorant . 
  totally what i said . 
  i totally said socialism is the worst ideology ever and capitalism is the al-mighty overlord which should rule the world . 
   what we should all be angry at , universally , is the system that forced this to happen ; capitalism . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've heard . 
  only extreme lefts are the ones who say this and i have n't heard one reasonable argument against the concept of capitalism . 
  the most dangerous thing is when people think in black and white - either capitalism or communism . 
  both on their own are stupid but if you mix them you 've a better society . 
  saying `` hurr durr capitalism is litterally worse than stalin '' is ignorant . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tytbfbyige8 ), 
   as i said , i think our fundamental difference of opinion is that i do n't see someone that fights against an oppressive regime as a criminal . 
  kdp are n't known just for fighting regimes but also torturing and killing innocent people . 
  kdp are also known for being nationalists , authoritarian and oppressive of minorities . 
  they accept none but themselves . 
   it seems , by all measures , that this kdp fighter did leave that past behind when he began his life in sweden . 
  he 's a nationalist who fought for an authoritarian state for only kurds and those do n't suddenly change minds or opinions . 
  can you read swedish ? 
  he clearly said he faught with weapons as a guerilla fighter . 
  this is not an innocent man but someone who is responsible for violence . 
  the kdp are known for war crimes , torture and murder . 
  it 's the same thing as someone who has fought in syria who wants to come here to settle down . 
  this guy is n't as innocent as you or the media think he is . 
   there , it does n't say anything about it only being his own words . 
  of course it does n't because then it would lose credibility . 
  there is a contradiction between that iranian government wants him tortured/dead and that he 's innocent . 
   but the fact that someone at the unhcr gave him refugee status kind of lends credence to his claim . 
  the turkish unhcr gave him refugee status for turkey . 
  it 's a different country .
