  i 'm not saying there are no dangers with gmo , i am just saying that many people believe it 's inherently bad because companies like monsanto abuse it . 
  if the first powerplants would spit out radioactive decay people would also be against nuclear power , even though nuclear power is actually extremely useful for our society and is rapidly improving . 
   not that big of a misunderstanding . 
  actually its quite big . 
  a lot of people get their info from people like the green party which is just biased as hell . 
  there is a big misunderstanding and misinformation regarding gmo in sweden . 
  many people believe it 's litterally monsanto who wants to do evil corp stuff . 
   i just wish the government would learn keep dreaming . 
  governments and politicans alike never admit they 're wrong because that would ruin their career . 
   the were communists historically but now socialist/social democratic . 
  many identify themselves as communists still . 
  i would argue most socialists vote s and not v and almost all communists vote v or f ! . 
  social democrates are a [ social democratic party . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ) they are [ socialists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_social_democratic_party ) and that 's really nothing to argue about . 
   the social democratic party 's position has a theoretical base within marxist revisionism . 
   in practical terms there 's very little difference between socialists and communists . 
  actually there are plenty of differences between the biggest party ( social democrates ) and the lefts . 
   is a left wing socialist party i would even call them close-to-communists . 
  even though i agree on their message , this is not how it works . 
  i do hate the private schools for many reasons and i agree that they should be abolished , but this video is biased and twisted in many ways to make it seem like the government are dumber than the train . 
   but i 'm not sure why people keep bringing up existing law everytime the discussion is about what should be . 
  well imagine if people could discriminate . 
  say shop owners could deny anyone for any reason . 
  imagine coming to every shop and being denied just because you are italian . 
  you ca n't live in that town because you can not eat or drink . 
   without the appeal to law your comment boils down to `` no because reasons '' , yet people felt it was a comment worth upvoting , so i 'm guessing that once again it was the appeal to existing law that made them feel it was valid . 
  i wrote `` for very obvious reasons '' because it is pretty obvious why a society can not work if you can discriminate eachother . 
  the goth shopkeeper can discriminate everyone who hates metal etc etc. 
  it is something bad and should n't be part of the society . 
  a shop keeper is doing a favour to the society , but that does not mean he can decide what the society is . 
   imo private citizens can discriminate for any reason or just because they can no there are laws to prevent that for very obvious reasons . 
  are n't gatestone institute pretty right-winged and biased in their reporting ? 
   two muslim politicians , who won municipal elections there in 2012 , have vowed to implement islamic sharia law in belgium . 
  really ? 
  do you have a source for your claim ? 
   because russia is stronk , you know . 
  there 's no possibility of being defeated mad is the stronk part of russia . 
  they reserve their rights to use nuclear weapons when `` the state is threatened '' . 
  na they have bad politicans and corrupt law makers . 
  sure it is but that 's what trade agreements and unions are for . 
  you imply that they are . 
  obviously no state should be allowed to rip off other states . 
  if it was obvious why did you have to say that luxembourg is ripping off all the other members ? 
  it 's tragic that the eu are making it worse for the nordic countries . 
  if the eu could be reasonable with their laws and work slowly towards a global market it would be a lot better and smoother . 
   another solution without a problem coming from the eu . 
  it 's mostly made to standardize things . 
  eu need a similar fiscal policy to make it as a federation . 
  many countries already have solutions and some even better solutions to the problem , therefore those countries need to make a big loss . 
   jesus , i knew ignorant morons that lived outside of the area thought that , but i never thought that was an opinion held by people that lived there . 
  people hear they 're good and they assume they are better than the world . 
  a lot of people in sweden actually believes that sweden is the best place on earth ... well except for the weather , a lot of people hate the weather . 
  well ... 
  some members in the eu are losers and some members are winners . 
   i ok with ttip as long as bullshit is not bundled with it . 
  that 's basically the point with ttip . 
  they want laws they can not get otherwise , so they just smuggle them into trade agreements so they can wreck out heavier profits at the cost of the people . 
  that would fall under the normal police ( polizia di stato ) i believe . 
  carabinieri is more of an aid for regular police . 
  in simple terms , carabinieri acts civil peacekeeping , and investigations fall under polizia . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.carabinieri.it/internet/multilingua/en/institutionalduties/07_en.htm ), 
   that literally makes no sense . 
  think of germany as a tank where schweinsteiger is the armour . 
  because de-radicalize them would be better than letting them go down there and kill innocents . 
   my secret homo love schweinsteiger absolutely dominated the midfield , what a pillar , what a player . 
  schweinsteiger is the panzer of the german machine . 
  you are n't called imperialists for no reason . 
  do what you do best . 
   so there are no homeless danes ? 
  that 's not what i said , what i said was those who are are taken care of . 
   we have social nets too , yet i see homeless people every day . 
  talk to them and take them to socialen . 
   again , the articles i 've read have not said anything about the homeless danes being rounded up and placed in some welfare program . 
  it does n't say that they 're targeting specific groups either . 
   i 'm sure that 's true , but i really ca n't see how that 's relevant to the discussion . 
  no one 's said that the they are fewer , or that they should allowed to break the law . 
  because the few danes who are homeless are n't the problem . 
  the problem is the 200-500 homeless who are n't danish citizens . 
   but apparently your nationality does . 
  that 's the most obvious thing ever . 
  if you 're a danish citizen they ca n't exactly deport you . 
  what are they supposed to do with poor foreigners who break laws ? 
   there does n't seem to be some big operation to get all homeless danes on welfare and all foreigners deported . 
  because danes are not homeless . 
  there are plenty and plenty of social security nets to prevent poverty and homelessness . 
  there are far far more foreigners going to denmark who are homeless or lack funds to live there . 
   are they even there illegally ? 
  that does n't matter when you break laws . 
   all i 'm saying is that if they 're going to go after the homeless and beggars ( no problem there ) , then you should go after all of them , not just some of them . 
  they are , but they make a difference between citizens and non-citizens . 
  if they find beggers who are danish citizens , they recieve welfare . 
  if they find one who is n't a danish citizen , they 're deported . 
   there must be homeless danes too , would n't you say ? 
  what they 're doing is they give welfare to the danish citizens and try to deport non-danish citizens . 
  it would be ridiculous to give foreigners welfare , do n't you think ? 
   seems a bit strange to only target a specific groups though . 
  how is it targeting specific groups ? 
  all the law says is that no begging is allowed . 
  the ones who are begging are breaking the law .
