   because i found it unlikely that sweden would , as the article claimed , fly them back to iran when there was a legitimate fear that they would be persecuted . 
  it is . 
  they are just his own words . 
  it could be something he 's saying just so he can stay ( it happens a lot ) . 
  he has had chances after chances after chances to get an asylum and he can go to turkey freely if he wants to . 
  not quite , he has refugee status in turkey . 
  the migration department see no valid cause for him to have a refugee status in sweden . 
  he claims to have tried to apply for asylum in norway during these five years but someone was unable to ( or denied ) . 
   likely to be tortured/killed ? 
  only himself has said this , and it 's because those who war against iran are automatically killed iirc . 
   they 're going to fly him back to iran he can voluntarily go back to turkey where he 's seen as a refugee . 
  a lot of it is sensationalist and articles are biased . 
   it seems most likely that there was an error in the swedish system somewhere , and his claim should 've been reassessed . 
  no , why do you think that ? 
  well yeah there is a grey area but the thing is there are millions of people who have n't been part of a militant organization who are better to protect than those who have . 
  there are people who are threatened to death by stoning because they do n't want to be forcefully wed and those are the ones to protect . 
  there are people who are threatened to death because they are gay and those are the ones to protect . 
  there are people who are persecuted because of their religion and those are the ones we should protect . 
  the chance of the person not being part of killings or anything alike is pretty slim . 
  also there is n't a lot of information about who did what , it 's pretty difficult to asses that a person is part of an organization but did n't do anything in it . 
  you say your friend did n't commit any acts of violence but he actively supported them with information . 
  i do n't think any society want to risk letting terrorists or murderers in . 
  [ here is an article by the way . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/refugee-facing-deportation-from-sweden-saved-by-fellow-passengers-refusing-to-let-plane-leave-9259085.html ), 
  he was part of kdpi , a kursh party . 
  these people are known to torture and execute political opponants which makes it quite likely that he participated in killings or torturings but none knows to what extent . 
  every news article is especially biased about this and does n't even mention it . 
  every single article say he 's some form of hero which they do n't actually know . 
  the people who stopped this deportation are people constantly attack the migration department which they consider to be inhumane . 
  they are radical lefties and the person who stopped the flight is one of the eu politicians for sweden . 
  these are people who does n't respect the migration department and who do n't have all of the facts . 
  they judged it pretty much on that he has two kids in sweden and therefore deserve to live here - without regard to what he has done in iran . 
  he 's a wanted war criminal . 
  more than that i do n't really know what he did . 
  either way the migration department said he does n't fulfill the criteria of a refugee . 
  there are more important people to protect rather than people who fight in wars and then leave . 
   immigrants are some of the largest starters of new businesses . 
  the statistics is skewed because yes they start their own businessed but most end up bankrupt within years . 
  the businesses are also low educated jobs such as pizza places or construction companies . 
  they actually get money to set up these businesses aswell so they do n't really risk anything . 
  some people also make a lot of money black on these type of businesses aswell . 
   regardless , no one said they had to be permanent refugees , there are plenty of temporary protection visas granted all over the world to people fleeing war who have a chance to return after a few years . 
  swedish government has . 
  the people who vote for sd for instance do n't want put ( permanent residency ) but instead tut ( temporary residency ) . 
  as soon as people are to be deported other people protest , which is crazy . 
  we recently had people protest the expulsion of a guerilla soldier who faught the iranian government . 
  sweden should not protect wanted criminals . 
  the migration board is constantly under attack because some people feel that `` no human is illegal '' which is a skewed view of the world . 
  there are people who seriously believe that those who come are innocent and good citizens but that 's far from the truth . 
   the housing situation can be alleviated without reducing the intake of people fleeing war . 
  fair enough but then what ? 
  people move in and do what ? 
  the unemployment rate is rising , so what 's your plan for the immigrants who come here ? 
  do you think taking in immigrants will make the situation better or worse ? 
  obviously it 's not the immigrants ' fault the housing prices are sky high , but the immigrants make the situation worse . 
  a lot of people is already pissed off at the current government but letting risk capitalists take advantage of the situation is among the worst things you can do . 
  regulating immigration will help with a lot in the society . 
  stopping it alltogether is foolish and not even sd want that . 
   you know full well this is as a result of europe paying morocco to do this . 
  do you have a source stating europe is paying morocco ? 
   and you clearly know very little about the state of africa , and you blatantly ignored articles that mentioned specifically war and violence . 
  sorry i must 've missed it . 
  your first article mentioned it , the other four did not however . 
   you think wealthy people risk their lives to emigrate here ? 
  i 'm not trying to be mean , but that is fucking retarded . 
  i a ` int gon na deny wealthy people are emigrating , but they 're going to do it safe and legally , because we do n't turn away people with money . 
  the first to emigrate is always the higher educated . 
  [ brain drain is a serious concern especially for africa . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brain_drain#sub-saharan_africa )  sorry , i value these people over the state of the economy . 
  it 's not like we have a welfare state to take care of the unemployed or anything , that would be a crazy idea . 
  holy shit do you actually think money grow on trees ? 
  there are tons of requirements to make a welfare state work , it 's a delicate balance . 
  there is a reason why usa can not become a welfare state for instance . 
  something that the developing nations have incommon is bad economies and first world nations good economies . 
  economy is the most important part of a modern society . 
  my parents would also have been some of the people you de facto condemned to death on the other side of the border , but fuck them right , i guess they just ran shit out of luck because they were born on the wrong side of the mediterranean . 
  you can not seriously expect 500 million people take care of over 3 billion people in poverty or war . 
  the best way is to help them enough so they can take care of themselves . 
   we spend jack shit on developing nations . 
  yeah . 
  why do n't we ? 
  they 're unattractive markets because people in those regions are gerenerally greedy who will instantly take the money and run . 
  a lot of scams come from there . 
  we can change that but it 'll take time . 
  one of the foundations of mordern economics is trust . 
   we bribe governments to do what we like to suit our corporate interests . 
  suddenly we care about economics , interesting . 
  yes government in these regions are selfish which means investments in those regions is a better choice than just sending bags of money there . 
   for example , nigeria 's main source of income in the long term is going to be oil exports . 
  which we 're encouraging because it means cheaper prices for us . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  that 's actually good . 
  the problem is the conditions people work in . 
  congo mines kill thousands every ( year ? ), 
  for instance . 
   no they 're not . 
  okay , maybe they are a little not even a little . 
  no economic expert has said mass immigration is good and none ever will . 
  mass immigration is only goood for large corporations which means cheaper labour and worse conditions . 
   where 's your proof of this ?
