  what you and many others do n't understand is that taking people here is n't the best option . 
  it is not going to help end the war or build up the society . 
  you ca n't say `` ohh these people are in need , so they must get our riches '' , that 's not how it works and it 's sickening that people actually believe so . 
  you ca n't raise everyone to our standards of living by moving them here without consequences , that 's not how it works . 
  you need to build up the countries from the inside , and how to do that is by giving them the tools to create the society they want to have and give them the option to live in the society they want to build up . 
   not sure what position you 're trying to argue for . . 
  if you want to help out , you do n't feed the mouth who 's screaming on top of their lungs , you feed the mouth who can barely move . 
  the camps in jordan , turkey etc * still needs funding and help * , but the european countries are too occupied with the few percent who come here . 
   the reason that everyone should help these refugees is because it is simply moral thing to do . 
  why do you say that ? 
   you ca n't do nothing and make them live in refugee camps without any help . 
  this is n't black and white , either take all of them in or help none . 
  the truth is that it 's extremely expensive to take them into sweden . 
  this is only reserved for the very few who comes . 
  the police estimate that for every refugee who comes , another comes and goes underground instantly . 
  this just begs for trouble and has absolutely no space in our society . 
  not sure about the netherlands , but in sweden we have to reallocate resources from our welfare to handle refugees . 
  this is costly and completely disregards why we have such high taxes in the first place . 
  instead of making it an individual 's choice , they make it a * priority * . 
  the schools , jobs , hospitals and especially the housing shortage comes in 2nd hand . 
  if you want to help refugees , fine , you can , just do n't force others to do the same , make it an individual 's choice . 
   my opinion is that i think we can manage . 
  how about we let those who think they can manage , try to manage by themselves ? 
  why force others to pay for your beliefs ? 
  if you had some brain power you would know that a lot of countries in the middle east are arbitrary ones . 
  [ the population of immigrants from the middle east is still bigger than the one from nordic countries . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_sweden#country_of_origin_for_persons_born_abroad ), 
   the majority of swedish immigrants come from other scandinavian countries . 
  not even close . 
  the middle eastern population is about 2x as large as the finnish one which people usually claim to be the biggest group . 
  i have roots from countries other than sweden and i believe your interpretation of them matches a lot of conspiracy theories . 
  you do realize that most if not all countries other than sweden has a party like sd , right ? 
  so in other terms they want to prioritize the well-being of the citizens in the country first ? 
   they will never disclose information about what has happened to the child . 
  some ( most ? 
  all ? ), 
  go into foster homes . 
   flag of skane sk\u00e5ne or scania are both correct . 
  skane is not . 
   watch the video again , there is no reference at all to finnish cuisine , or how finnish people tolerate it are you joking ? 
  he litterally said `` what they eat is so bad and so strange '' . 
  perhaps * you * need to rewatch the video . 
   it 's about a group of people in a refugee center being served bad quality food , and they are asking to replace it with the same amount in money so that they can make their own food . 
  what you do n't get is that they serve national cuisine , and even if they could give money for food , it would be so little that it 's not worth it . 
  being generous you get 1 $ per person per lunch meal . 
  that 's not enough for anything similar to what they receive . 
  the quality of the food goes through testing and it 's very probable that it comes from a big kitchen supplier which supplies elderly care , schools , prisons etc with the same type of food . 
   nothing entitled about that , nothing high-horsey and nothing about the general finnish populous . 
  it is . 
  they are n't starving , they get free food , free housing , free money and has the free time to do what they like . 
  compare this to refugees in other countries , they are n't getting even a fraction of that , and those are * still * in more danger than the people who come to finland . 
  the guy in the video is constantly claiming that `` none cares about us '' and that `` they treat us like animals '' . 
  he says that none gives them free clothes , shoes etc. 
  it 's entitlement . 
   it 's really ridiculous to interpret something the wrong way because your `` interpretation '' is the `` correct one '' naturally ? 
   then use a very literal interpretation of a conversation made in a 2 minute video in a language neither the speakers , the interviewers or even you ( presumably ) call it native as justification . 
  the guy knows what he said , otherwise he would n't have said it . 
  if he said the same thing in arabic would you be happy ? 
  claiming that just because he communicates in his 2nd language that he does n't comprehend what he 's saying is ridiculous . 
   i 'm simply trying to point out that there is a big chance for a `` lost in translation '' situation here . 
  you 're claiming that he does n't understand the meaning of words like `` animal '' . 
  that could be the case but he 's probably able to comprehend those words at his level of proficiency . 
  i agree , real value is something we all should strive for . 
  however i just want to point out that the real estate prices does n't only go up , they go down aswell , so owning a property is a risk by itself . 
  you make it seem like it 's easy money , which it 's not . 
   if you 're not using it to make money ( but are in fact just owning it in order to wait for the value to increase ) that 's the same thing . 
   and i do n't know what they are eating because i have not been to a refugee center myself , especially this one , which i would assume is the case with you , too . 
  they order food from big kitchens which also supplies prisons , schools etc. 
  this is because it 's the cheapest option . 
   ah yeah . . and he should review his speech rigorously and have it approved by an academic committee of his peers , because you know , it 's not like it 's a spontaneous and unrehearsed interview in a weak foreign language or anything ... 
  he knew his words of choice . 
  he 's an adult , why are you treating him like a handicapped child ? 
  you 're trying to be funny but you know fully well that according to a lot of middle eastern culture that animals are below them , and thus refering to something as less than ( them ) is an insult . 
   he is referring to the specific food they are being offered . 
  which is ? 
   no you 're not , it 's simply a plea about bad treatment/interaction . 
  not really . 
  he would n't make comparisons with animals if he did n't intend to insult . 
  he would just claim the food lacks quality , not say that not even animals eat this filth . 
  unless he 's really stupid he would know that the food is from national cuisine and not specially made bad just for them . 
   besides you can pretty much tell that his level of english is not exactly the best in explaining his point he should know what `` animals '' means if he uses the word . 
  if you tell someone they eat less than a dog you 're implying they are less than a dog within middle eastern culture . 
  what ? 
  he did . 
  by saying that `` not even animals eat this food '' you 're claiming the people who eat it are less than animals . 
  this is especially true for middle eastern culture . 
  it 's incredibly disrespectful to claim that finns eat below animals though . 
  i would n't even include them in foreigner statistics , it 's obvious they are n't the actual population but more slave like type used for work . 
  well geez that 's gon na be difficult . 
  just the article has [ at least one name ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herberts_cukurs ) and after that a simple google search [ has more . 
  ] ( http://www.rense.com/general21/germ.htm )  `` they did n't bother with legal trials . 
  they just executed any nazis they found , '' rafi eitan has said . 
  `` for them their actions were justified by the biblical rule of ` an eye for an eye ' . '', 
  you 're funny . 
  you bring up one example of someone who got trialed and then concludes that everyone got a fair trial . 
  the article i shared included people who got ** assassiated ** , as in no fair trial or even a trial at that . 
  you 're just someone who ca n't listen to reason . 
  it 's quite sad . 
  there are plenty of nazis who got hunted down without a trial . 
  [ just the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_hunter ) includes a fair number of people who got assassinated by the mossad or isreali agents .
