  then why even post it ? 
  so your basis for religious fanaticism is wether you see `` this is a catholic household '' on `` many doors '' ? 
  how is that even close to refuting my statement ? 
   which would put syria as less religious or at least less fundamentalist than several european countries . 
  i would like to see a source on that . 
  last time i checked a higher percentage go to mosques and churches in syria than sweden . 
  what 's your point ? 
   yeah how many muslims do you know in person ? 
  lost count but it 's a bad example for you since two of them praise isis and jihad , one dreams of fighting in africa and one thinks that sweden would be better off muslim . 
   and i mean practicing their religion . 
  of all the muslims i know , only one considers it `` less important '' , and that 's because he 's from kazakhstan . 
  i get the point of `` some people are more moderate '' , however the people coming from mena countries are n't . 
   believe me , go meet some of these immigrants and talk to them like normal people and you will see they are not much more orthodox than any christians in europe . 
  i am one of those `` immigrants '' you 're talking about . 
   but all of your conceptions of islam is shaped by the media the last two decades . 
  no it fucking is n't and it 's a disgrace you 're trying to tell me it is . 
  honour killings has happend where i live on ethnic swedes because some idiot tries to `` defend his honour '' . 
  trying to defend that is beyond stupid . 
   how do we quantify this ? 
  comparing host country to the emigrant country . 
   when in fact muslims in general are no more religious than christians in general they are . 
  america must be one of the worst examples of migration . 
  what happend to the natives ? 
  are you not sane ? 
  attacks of any kind is never the best outcome . 
  what the fuck ? 
  sorry , since you 're unable to comprehend what i meant i 'll clear it up for you . 
  they do n't give a shit ** what people think of them . 
  [ mikael 's expression when mr nazi says that he contributes to islamism by using arabic numerals is kind of funny . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/arjjmqdruui?t=1831 ), 
  the good thing about finns is that they do n't give a shit . 
  they say `` kyll\u00e4 kyll\u00e4 , perkele '' and then chop some wood and get in their sauna . 
  do you have a source on the rest ? 
  i 've read similar reports in norway and denmark which hilights problems with getting primarily somalis on in the job market . 
  i know that they 're refugees and that we should try to spend as little as possible while still providing for them but come on , british food ? 
  that must be a human rights ' violation . 
  it would n't be the first time , heyoo . 
  they kind of do . 
  you should not put the lives of the population in jeopardy . 
  when it is clear that individuals outside of the society are harmful for the society they should not be granted the same freedom since it imposes ( evidently ) big risks . 
   you can ( and are expected to ) impose both . 
  are you claiming that ones ' right to live in peace and not get murdered is the same as the right of others to behave as they want ? 
  it 's also a human right for others not to be murdered . 
  along the line you need to make a decision for whose `` human right '' you wish to impose . 
  the point is that she was influenced by radical immigrants . 
  she would n't do this otherwise . 
  she was brainwashed . 
  ohh one of your good friends ? 
  i 'm quite surprised about the fact that your good friends tell you information that is supposed to be sekretessbelagd . 
  i think that you 're the one who is full of crap . 
  people just claim that they are from [ eritrea ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130509/47800 ) or some other country where sweden wo n't deport to and unless they can establish that they are n't infact from that country ( costs a lot of money and take a long time ) they ca n't deport . 
  gypsies have been `` forced to leave '' for some time but keep on coming back and they wo n't be denied at the border . 
  it 's more of a de facto thing than anything else . 
  people who are supposed to be deported just claim they 'll be persecuted and nothing can happen . 
  no i meant that even if a country was to not comply ( pay ) , they would n't be * forced * to leave the eu . 
   or leave the eu . 
  that 's not an option for any country currently in the eu . 
  [ lilla saltsj\u00f6badsavtalet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lilla_saltsj%c3%b6badsavtalet ) for instance . 
  you can also see how the identification of criminals have changed in the media aswell as how the big newspapers report crime and such . 
   if they like it there it 's all good , but what happens if they find germany/sweden not to be perfect ? 
  will they demand , protest again ? 
  yeah either that or kill people . 
  sweden is n't at war with anyone and you lack proof . 
  also you seem to try to put blame on me for your imagination wars . 
  i have n't waged war on anyone and neither has sweden , but you obviously do n't care . 
   even if its not formally declared , it is a war . 
  it 's certainly not , you need to read up on what war is . 
  there are many military conflicts which are n't wars . 
  are sweden dropping bombs or taking control of the country ? 
  peacekeeping and war is not the same thing and you have no proof to discredit that . 
  your fascist and extremist opinions lacks ground so badly and your claim that sweden has been at war during the past century is preposterous . 
   military engagements since 1814 have not been formally declared wars . 
  please learn how to read before commenting . 
  are you thick ? 
  they are n't wars , your source even says so . 
   look , you can call it peace operations or blossom-opussum-squishybeans , but the european troops in afghanistan are there because theres a war in the region , and they arent tourists . 
  they are subdued to the international laws of war and you cant change that . 
  are you dumb or is that just a side affect of being ignorant ? 
  war is n't the same thing as peacekeeping operations are made to ensure the safety of the general population from insurgants who tries to seize control and spread fear . 
  you ca n't call terrorism war you imbecile . 
  just because there 's a state protecting the people does n't make it a war , or are the police fighting a civil war according to you ? 
   fucking entitled kid , you know shit about the world . 
  just type sweden and war in google and click on the first result if you dont believe me you fucking hippie . 
  you 're an idiot , you have no idea about my experiences . 
  it makes me sick that people like you who know litterally zero about the world go out and complain about the safety of millions of people just so you can feel good about yourself . 
  for one it would be a massive drain to investigate all of the people coming in depth . 
  you also have no documentation or proof of anything unless they themselves provide it ( which is n't gon na happen ) . 
  for two you missunderstood me , what if you do something that 's illegal in the host country but not in the fleeing country . 
  for instance what and what is n't rape differs in countries . 
  peace operations does n't mean war . 
  you 're making a fool out of yourself . 
   it actually is n't , and that 's why nobody is seriously considering that . 
  is it by far , you should do some research before commenting . 
   because they have not been proven guilty . 
  how are you supposed to prove them guilty ? 
  sweden acts as a military observer and as a part of peacekeeping forces . 
  you 're making it seem like sweden is actively waging war somewhere , which is certainly not true . 
  you 're just making a fool out of yourself . 
   even sweden waged war in lybia and afghanistan , mainly against legitim rulers . 
  ok , well you stay in your fantasy world then .
