  we totally need some anarchy so we can get on the right track . 
  where do you even get that bullshit from ? 
  you do n't need propaganda to conclude that anarchy is the dumbest ideology for a society . 
   these are people who are basically unemployed people not counted in the 12 % . 
  that happens in sweden aswell to improve the statistics . 
  we have plenty of unemployed people going on useless lectures , practices and education . 
  usually i would n't mind education but when they send qualified people for 6 month courses on how to make your own wooden desk it becomes a big problem . 
   not having a free port , except having to pass through danish waters :d ~ ~ i believe there is enough international water to pass through . ~ ~ holy shit why is the west coast part of sealand ? 
  we never wanted to let you go . 
  fascists and nazis tend to be quite young . 
  it 's the same as extremists in any direction , it has very little to do with women birthing more children . 
   now if the majority of muslims are young , it makes sense that the majority of islamic extremists are young too . 
  their leaders and imams are all quite old though . 
  you do n't follow you logic through , these young people will grow up , but will they still be extremists ? 
  probably not . 
  if they were , we 'd see a stronger middle-aged group being extremists . 
  there is a reason why most extremists are young - they 're easy to influence . 
  in whichever extremist direction you go , you 'll find the vast majority are 25 or younger . 
  rioters do n't even need a complex political question , they just need . . well . . usually just a sports game and bam , riots . 
  ideological and religious reasons mostly . 
  well its like if you stand beside a terrorist who 's shooting at the police . 
  the police are n't really going to risk their lives because you decided the air is free . 
  obviously it 's not that easy , but i hope you get my point . 
   there is absolutely zero finesse to their operations , where surgical precision is required . 
  it 's not exactly easy to hit one person and not the other one when they stand side by side . 
   hamas fired one rocket . 
  [ you seem terribly misinformed . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_palestinian_rocket_attacks_on_israel,_2014 ), 
   israel places almost no value on palestinian life , which is disgusting . 
  isreal does air knocks to warn about incoming strikes , but you 're right , if the citizens ignore the warnings they just bomb anyway . 
   no , the pa is sitting in on peace negotiations too . 
  can you link me any articles which proves this ? 
  i 've read that they 're part of discussions but opt out of proposing solutions and reject solutions given . 
  to me this is n't really being active , even though they 're part of it . 
   do n't fall into the same trap a lot of other people do and blindly support either side here . 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't support israel . 
   it sounds like you are going against your whole `` taking sides '' thing here by repeating pretty much everything coming out of the israeli governments ' talking points . 
  no i was just pointing out opposites . 
  both sides have wrongs about this matter . 
  it 's disgusting of you to assume i 'm against you because i do n't agree with you . 
  at most i believe you 're half right . 
   hamas firing rockets is very bad and i wish it would stop too , but the actual damages caused by them pales in comparison to the damages caused to civilians by ethnic cleansing ( to the families kicked out of their home at gunpoint and to the organizations/nations they turn to as refugees ) and mass imprisonment/blockade of gaza as well as their indiscriminate killing of civilians , including through the use of illegal weapons both in the past and during the ongoing fighting . 
  the reason why hamas are n't killing as many israelis is because israel has missile defences . 
  also again , the main reason why palestinians are dying is because hamas likes to use them as shields and using civil buildings , schools and hospitals as armories . 
  since they are n't at war in a formal since they have no understanding of civilians and military . 
  obviously the blockade is not good but calling it ethnic cleansing is just fishing murky waters . 
  israel show they want as little casualties on both sides as possible . 
   tell the children playing football on a beach that were shot at as they were running away that they were human shields . 
  obviously not every case is such . 
  as i said both sides are on the wrong . 
  you should stop seeing things in black and white . 
   hamas is being used as a scapegoat for literally everything israel does and its a shame that europe allows them to get away with it in the name of not pissing off the united states . 
  that 's because palestine are n't exactly trying to dearm hamas but actively encurage them to continue . 
  what are israel supposed to do when hamas are firing rockets at them like crazy ? 
  if israel did n't have iron dome they would have suffered heavy casualties , about the same if not more than palestine . 
  israel actively tries to seek peace and avoids civilian casualties but hamas and palestine completely ignores human lives and uses their civilians as shields . 
  palestine has countless times had the opportunity to try to seek peace but refuses to do so . 
  you ca n't put the blame soley on israel . 
  the best solution is a two party state which will be difficult . 
  the only other options are genocides of either side , and we know how stupid that path is . 
   we can not achieve peace while israel continues its settlement policy in the west bank and refuses to negotiate a reversal of this policy . 
  well good luck achieving peace when hamas are firing rockets with the goal of killing civilians . 
   whatever your position on what is going on in gaza , any entity involved in what israel is calling `` settlements '' ( but is more accurately described as ethnic cleansing ) is not truly interested in finding a peaceful solution . 
  yet israel are the only ones actively trying to seek peace while palestine refuses their propositions and refuses to counter-propose anything . 
   this ethnic cleansing along with the killing of hundreds of civilians in gaza , only radicalizes more people into becoming supporters of hamas and make the peace process more difficult . 
  yet israel are the only ones who are not actively trying to kill as many people as possible . 
  hamas litterally uses their own population as shields . 
  it 's incredibly stupid to take sides in this conflict . 
  they should stand by a peaceful solution instead of picking sides like that is going to help . 
   personaly , i 'm a bit indecisive about nuclear power . 
  in one hand , it 's truly a great energy source , and it 's way better than coal centrals . 
  it 's safe , but on the other side , if shit happens one time , it happens on a great scale . 
  and there the waste problem . 
  all major distasters has been either natural events or neglect . 
  do n't cheat on the budget , minimize corruption and hire professionals and it 'll go just fine . 
  regarding the waste problem some of it is recycled and our technology gets better and better when it comes to handling and recycling it . 
   some scientists said that we had to use nuclear power to save the climate . 
  logic . 
  nuclear power makes no carbon footprints on the planet and has no toxic wastes which are let out . 
   the typical `` no problem at all '' , and when i pointed out that the central were not that secure confronted to terrorism for example ( proof with thoses ecologist raiding nuclear centrals and playing hide and seek with the authorities in it ) , they were n't able to come with a satisfactory answer . 
  green extremists are constantly trying to prove the nuclear facilities `` security flaws '' but ignore the fact that a bomb has to be inside for it to make damage . 
  obviously there is no such thing as `` no problem at all '' today and it 's stupid to think it is . 
   i argued with the greens i know , they laughed at me without even considering the idea . 
  that 's the major problem , they have decided that they are 100 % correct and therefore there is nothing to talk about . 
  they 're just doing scare tactics and providing information which strengthens their side of it without even looking at what the other side has to say about it . 
   well , yeah , the greens are pretty biased . 
  they seems more about creating a federal eu or opposing nuclear centrals than stopping global warming & cie. 
  they do very little for the environment and what they want to do would seriously destroy the way of living for a lot of people . 
   yet , i agree , gmo are bad . 
  [ gmo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetically_modified_organism ) is not bad , but corporations like monsanto make it seem like it 's bad . 
  the potential of gmo is massive and could save the planet from starvation if we grow too large in population . 
   monsanto have been in corruption affair and others stuff like that . 
  so , `` evil corp stuff '' ? 
  not really , it 's `` businness '' , but you can see it that way . 
  that 's why i said `` evil corp stuff '' . 
  even though it 's `` business '' it 's highly unethical business . 
  they are pretty much the definition of an evil company . 
   and there is the misinformation on the other side `` gmo are all good , no danger at all . 
  proof , that actor with a white coat and glasses said it was all right in that tv spot . '',
