   and having a say in something if they wish is not actual power ? 
  yes . 
  he is immune of charges for one . 
  he could basically grab a sword and stab the statsminister without any consequences . 
  he can discuss matters which concerns him but he never involves in politics because he is politically neutral . 
  if the king would involve himself in politics too much the population would get pretty mad and that is one reason why he does n't ( he learns from history ) . 
   what history ? 
  what for example is carl xvi 's contribution to history that he could n't have made not being a monarch ? 
  for one . 
  another is historical events . 
  birth of kings and queens would n't be birth of kings and queens anymore if we abolished the monarchy . 
  weddings etc aswell . 
   how does a monarchy promote culture ? 
  do you have any basis for claiming that it promotes tourism ? 
  ( in the uk maybe , but sweden ? ), 
  i tackled two questions in one with my previous link !, 
  [ here it is again . 
  ] ( http://www.gp.se/ekonomi/1.335835-kungahuset-drar-in-miljarder ) the lead paragraph says `` the royal house 's visit to brazil is big business and queen victoria 's wedding in june is a multibillion profit event . '', 
  they promote culture by making visits to other countries and show how we do it in sweden for instance . 
  guess who hands over the nobel prize ? 
  you guessed it . 
  our king . 
  it 's pretty much like that in sweden . 
  we make a lot of money from the royal family . 
   this is pretty much impossible to prove . 
  might as well be the other way round . 
  no it 's very known that they do . 
  the swedish royal wedding earned 2,5 billion sek alone . 
  the royal family is like a super diplomat . 
   what is `` formal power '' ? 
  in several constitutional monarchies the monarch does have rights and powers that no one else can gain . 
  actual power to do anything . 
  they can have a say in something if they wish but they abstain 99,9 % of the times . 
  but they can not rule anything , they can just speak to the statsminister . 
   how do you lose history and culture ? 
  the king suddenly becomes no one . 
  he 's not king anymore just a citizen . 
  in time we 'll lose out on history we could 've gained with a monarch . 
   and who pays the royal family ? 
  not to mention that these places would still be there if the monarchy were abolished , just directly managed by the state instead of through a middleman . 
  the state , but the state earns that back by a long shot , as i said . 
  even if we did n't they promote a huge amount of culture and tourism which is silly to take away . 
   i know quite a lot of history , enough to not praise it all and acknowledge the bad parts that get hidden with state propaganda . 
  give me a valid argument against monarchies or the parts that get hidden will state propaganda . 
   monarchy is just a very old name for dictatorship . 
  you 're funny . 
  besides you do n't seem to know any history if you think dictatorship and monarchies are the same thing . 
   there is no real point for the current monarchy though ( that couldnt be done by a representative/president ) monarchies earn a ton of money for their countries . 
  no elected representative can do that because it 's based on history and culture . 
  the argument is like getting mad because you do n't choose who gives you money every week . 
  in any constitutional monarchies none of the royalties have any formal power . 
  so yes , there is a huge point to still have a monarchy and no point to not having it ( besides principle ) . 
  by removing it we do n't just lose our history and culture but also money . 
  in most constitutional countries we have castles and landscapes which all open to public for free , but are paid for by the royal family . 
  in sweden that number is around 65-70 % . 
  i can only assume 30-35 % of the population either do n't use their brains or do n't have one . 
   the thousand nations of the persian empire will be released on your nordic welfare !, 
  too late . 
  most immigrants in the nordic countries are assyrians . 
  we have one city which has taken more iraqi immigrants than usa and canada combined . 
  it 's now nicknamed little baghdad . 
  [ like the queen , like the people . 
   that 's mostly it . 
  okay . 
  i doubt any country with a monarchy will remove it because that would be everyones ' loss , and its a big loss at that . 
   i do n't think they have any particular right to an inherited cushy job and living on the taxpayers ' dime . 
  they make more money for the people ( read as , you pay lower taxes because of them ) than tax payers pay them . 
  it 's like you give them a dollar a month and in return you pay 6 $ less in tax per month . 
   and i 'm just not fond of any hierarchical ideas of bloodlines and value based solely on descent . 
  so it 's just the principle of some people being born royal ? 
  the problem is norway and denmark . 
  norway does n't like to share their oil and denmark has little use of it . 
  i really hope for a nordic union aswell . 
   and i know it 's an unpopular opinion in / r/europe not really . 
  tons of people here disagree with eu . 
  a lot of parties in sweden are against eu for instance . 
  i missed that . 
  yes they probably do n't fund nazist parties anymore . 
  yup i agree . 
  royalties make more money than they use up so why remove them because they were n't chosen ? 
  most families have ruled for centuries aswell . 
  history and tourism is a big part as a money maker . 
  [ you can start by reading this . 
   i do n't like the idea of monarchy . 
  why ? 
  yellow and blue are the colours of our flag . 
  it 's not an unusual choice . 
   the swedish one is starting to inspire me to go buy some furniture . 
  well if you want to support swedish nazism that 's a good idea . 
  for those of you who did n't know , the ikea founder was a big supporter of nazism . 
  i thought you were going to link [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgqvjsaxbj4 ) when you brought up stereotypes of swedes . 
  somehow , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlhio4z0h-k ) is a funny stereotype of italians to me , however it is n't really `` realistic '' like the swedish one . 
   the dali lama is no hero but a symbol of a regime that enslaved its population under a religious tyranny . 
  huh ? 
  do you have a source for your claims ? 
  yeah , [ here is the article . 
  i read about some guy who died there a couple of days ago and he was celebrated as a hero by his relatives here in sweden ... that 's just wow ... 
  it 's on par with nazism in my opinion . 
  there are a lot of people who go and fight for isis or al qaeda who are swedish citizens . 
  this is extremly unsettling .
