  usa cares about oil , not the people . 
   also middle eastern countries such as the uae qatar and saudi arabia are all heavily investing in solar energy , which means that in the future they will be able to sell energy to other countries . 
  while that 's good , it 's hardly going to happen in a large scale because the technology will move on and other countries will be able to produce more efficient solar cells or panels . 
   masdar now generates nearly 10 % of the world 's solar thermal electricity , powering 20,000 homes in the u.a.e. 
  solar ** thermal ** electricity . 
  this is n't the same as solar cells , which are much more efficient . 
  also transporting electricity gives a loss because of resistance . 
  uae can only share their solar towers or whatever with countries nearby . 
   the middle east is pretty much future proof in terms of energy production thanks to their location . 
  i would n't count on it . 
  uae has mostly invested a lot in the tourism and global economic market . 
  they want to be a financial center . 
  exactly . 
  however what i meant was we should change that law so if you fight in foreign conflicts , you can not re-enter the country again . 
  sweden for one protects war criminals and jihadists because `` they fear for their life in their home countries '' or something ( this is obviously not true and just plays the hand of tolerant swedes ) . 
  if they go to fight in another country and kill people they have no part of the swedish society . 
   because borders are porous and if some body is determined to get into a country then they will be able to . 
  they can get out but not back in . 
   to me it seems as though the only real way is to try and tap all communications between people then filter suspected terrorists and watch over them . 
  nsa , is that you ? 
   maybe this will lead to more militarized police in europe somewhat . 
  perhaps not militarized but definitely more mass surveillance . 
   we need to just try and stabilise the middle east , because at the moment we are partly to blame for how shit everything is their . 
  usa is . 
  besides the middle east can only continue until their oil runs dry or the rest of the world moves away from oil . 
   your numbers are depressing , but they 're about muslims in the muslim world , not muslims in europe . 
  yes but they hardly assimilate their views when they come to other countries . 
  even if 50 % change their views , we still have a huge population which does n't , which is a danger to the societies who help these people . 
  why should sweden , norway and denmark sacrifice their freedom ? 
  why should gb accept islamic protests on the streets ? 
  islamic extremists recruit people in mosques in the countries they are part of . 
  80 people from sweden has gone to fight in syria and half of them has returned . 
  these are 40 people with the mindset of killing innocents for their beliefs and the knowledge to do so . 
   similarly , most muslims in europe tend to adopt the mentality of the country they 're in ( for instance , in france most people from muslim countries do n't practice ; check wikipedia for conflicting sources about the actual percentage and the total number of them ) . 
  this is n't the case in sweden . 
  one thing sweden thinks immigrants should do is share their knowledge and culture . 
  so in sweden we have people who refuse to take women in the hand or look down towards women because they are women . 
  a muslim organisation even tried to demand special laws for muslims . 
  parallell communities are being created , mainly with immigrants from mena countries . 
  malm\u00f6 is a place where some schools ca n't operate properly and the lawenforcements are afraid to enter . 
  muslims persecute jews because of their religious beliefs . 
   which is why , among other things , i do n't think the issue of islamist terrorist is really related to immigration . 
  what is it related to ? 
  immigration surely makes it a higher threat , mainly because of recruiting mosques and such . 
   terrorists are going to appear in a conflicted world , though the ideology may vary . 
  ok now i get it . 
   support among whom ? 
  and any source for whatever you 're trying to say ? 
  [ here 's a wiki . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_attitudes_towards_terrorism ) [ here 's an easier to read picture , although does not include terrorism , but support for harsh punishments . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/osndj5b.png ) [ saudi arabia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state-sponsored_terrorism#saudi_arabia ) is the country which funds terrorist organisations like al-qaeda , the afghan taliban , the pakistan taliban , isis and lashkar-e-taiba . 
  they also fund mosques which recruits islamic extremists in countries like gb . 
  [ some good , some bad , some stupid and some ignorant comments in this thread . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/28aivj/gunmen_kill_at_least_50_in_kenya_during_world_cup/ ) look for sources if you want a better read . 
  if you want a better read than that then just google `` saudi arabia financing terrorism '' or something . 
   if you fight in syria you should go to prison as soon as you return . 
  or you know , not being able to return . 
  they 've invoked their rights to live here . 
   my point is that other terrorist ideologies were declining at the same time , and i do n't think this is a coincidence . 
  so other extremist ideologies on the decline while islamic extremism increase is not a coincidence ? 
  i do n't quite follow . 
   i do n't make sense of that sentence . 
  islamic extremism has a higher rate of support , relative to other extremist ideologies . 
  these are probably the jobs which require a higher education , because in sweden the jobs without a higher education in a university for instance are terribly oversaturated . 
   but it would be smart to monitor european citizens returning from syria s\u00c4po , the swedish security police knows that at least 40 people has returned from jihad in syria but can not arrest them or anything . 
  people actively defend war criminals in sweden , which is outrageous . 
  still though , this should n't be allowed to happen . 
  recruiting for jihadists and etc is happening in mosques in for instance sweden , britain , france etc. 
  while true , islamic terrorism has been increasing a lot since the 80s , and so has the immigration to europe . 
  muslims says that terrorism or killing innocent people is justified more often than any other form of terrorism - by a long shot . 
  so unlike ideological or crazy terrorism , people feel that religious terrorism is justified and many people support this type of terrorism , even if they 're at a disadvantage as a percentage . 
   that 's not necessarily . onion sites . 
  i doubt even 10 % of the internet is . onion sites . 
   and more information is n't bad . 
  except for , you know ... drug formulas . 
   and if the media industry would decide to innovate and use the internet instead of fighting it while clinging to their outdated business models , there 'd be a lot less piracy . 
  you know media . 
  justin biebers new haircut is world news but the oil pipeline explosion is n't even mentioned . 
  fighting what you do n't understand has always been the mindset of the media . 
   what kind of bizarre planet are you living in ? 
  the one representing reality . 
  fair enough , i was a bit hasty , sweden comes after malta and cyprus . 
   then your problem is not the immigrants , but your building permits regulations . 
  totally is , for the housing . 
  however being the country who takes in the most amount of immigrants per capita it is n't really helping and capitalists are making huge amounts of money off this . 
  besides it 's not easy at all to just build houses because they easily become troubled areas such as [ husby ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20130522/48064 ) what we should do is integrade the immigrants we already have instead of continuing taking on massive amounts of immigrants . 
   that 's not really relevant on the long term . 
  about 100 years is a pretty long time . 
   rampant inequality tends to lead to rapid change . 
  fewer and fewer people live in poverty compared to history . 
   who said anything about me supporting communism ? 
  that does n't mean i 'm a communist , though in a world where people are taught nothing about socialism except through hollywood movies and right wing rhetoric , i 'm not surprised you think the way you do . 
  coming from the most socialist country in the world i know nothing about socialism except from american propaganda . 
  no but seriously i know full well what socialism is . 
   the last time we went through this you told me the usa and russia are both communist states and that there is no economic basis for the idea of increasing inequality . 
  i do n't recall saying that usa is a communist state , but russia is , or recently was . 
  they have a one party rule which is communist . 
   if there 's `` stupid talk '' going on - a totally unnecessary insult towards someone who 's trying to have a productive conversation with you , by the way - it is n't coming from me . 
  you lack sources for your claims . 
  if you feel offended then i apologize .
