  we 're sorry about that , promise . 
   as a swede , it would have to be norway . 
  dude ... you had a golden opportunity to wipe out danskj\u00e4vlarna from the face of the earth and you chose f\u00e5nnorge . 
  forza italia , or something . 
   because it 's completely legal for them to be there . 
  nope . 
  you need to be able to support yourself to immigrate to another eu country . 
  since they ca n't they 're illegals . 
   immigrants from countries such as romania frequently end up with neither job nor shelter in the city , crouching in doorways and hunching in the corners of subway stations hoping for a bit of spare change . 
  * illegal immigrants these are people who travel to sweden to feed off the welfare . 
  they also litter . 
  they are still romanian citizens but romania ignores the issue and it seems like these are swedish citizens who are homeless , which they 're not . 
  if we could get over hate we could do all right , but it requires at most one person to set a chain reaction . 
   i know angela merkel has said that the policies of immigration have failed , but is she doing something abou t it ? 
  rolling thumbs perhaps ? 
   the usa being xenophobic does n't excuse germany for being xenophobic too . 
  it 's a pot calling the kettle black type of scenario . 
  the point is n't any less valid but it 's hypocritical to say it . 
  he basically tries to put himself on a higher pedestal and says that other countries should improve their society while himself ignores his issues entirely . 
  well they have a point . 
  it 's like when saudi arabia and russia complained about human rights issues in norway . 
  fair enough it can always improve but the fact that saudi arabia and russia does n't even forfill what they criticise norway of is a classic pot calling the kettle black . 
   he did , however , say that \u00d6zdemir 's turkish heritage bares him from criticizing the turkish prime minister . 
  that 's equally funny . 
  these people are part of the problem the modern society face . 
   the guy is basically demanding loyalty of the chairman of the german greens to himself and to turkey . 
  wait ... was he dumb enough to actually say this ? 
   he even calls any german attempt to get turkish immigrants to integrate and assimilate a little `` cultural genocide '' . 
  it should be fairly obvious to strive after the norm of the host country . 
  you do n't have to be an extreme german nationalist but learning german , taking up german values etc should be something one adapts . 
  saying that `` well my culture is different and therefore i have the right to create a parallell society '' is bullshit . 
   \u00d6zdemir scandal what happend ? 
  while i agree that what you 're saying is a problem , it 's not quite on subject . 
   i have the feeling that countries like sweden or germany employees and employers negotiate before going to strike or changing the working conditions . 
  is like that ? 
  [ sweden currently has a strike because a company fired all employees and hired them back with terrible terms and lower wages . 
  ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=5877977 ) this is more of a capitalism problem and less of a `` respect = afraid '' mentality . 
  capitalism has law problems , while `` respect = afraid '' mentality has forceful problems . 
  people in russia see russia as the al-mighty god that will bring peace and clarity to everyone , and that everyone should look up to them and fear their might . 
  in simple terms , they believe they 're above everyone else . 
   the whole point of being a ` closet racist ' is that there is no solid evidence , but there is supporting evidence from which to form an opinion . 
  it 's a dumb thing to state without any proof . 
  it 's a serious accusation and throwing it around without any proof and claiming `` well some people he has met has thrown out racist comments '' is n't good enough . 
   again , it 's not a strawman for me to tell you why i suspect he 's a racist . 
  you do n't know what that word means , you should stop using it at every opportunity until you do . 
  the reason for the straw man is that you argue that his `` friends '' have thrown out racist comments and therefore he could potentially do that aswell . 
  the premise was that he is a racist , not his friends . 
  do you agree 100 % with your friends and have you friends never said anything inappropriate ? 
  probably not . 
   or do you really believe everything every politician says ever , even though there 's no conclusive proof they 're lying ? 
  you can gladly disagree with a politican or having a bad feeling about him/her , but claiming racism , xenophobia etc without any proof what-so-ever is ignorant . 
  there is a reason why media are afraid to call jimmie a racist , and instead try to go for the straw man argument saying `` well some in his party have thrown out racist comments '' , but that 's not good enough . 
   i have plenty of support . 
  as i said , i think he 's a closet racist because of the things he 's said in the past and the associations he keeps , as has been pointed out by all the racist people in his party that keep getting exposed . 
  do n't do the straw man again . 
  we 're talking about jimmie and not his friends . 
   i 'm not going to run around playing ` find the source ' when you can just easily dismiss it as ` well , he 's not saying anything explicitly racist so what you 're saying is stupid , when the whole point was that he purposefully hid that racism to have a respectably acceptable face in politics for his beliefs . 
  well then , no solid evidence , shocking . 
   i do n't see why whether i believe ja is a racist or not bothers you so much . 
  it does n't , but you keep using straw man arguments and it 's annoying to debate it . 
  you keep saying that the party members are extreme because some are racists who have been kicked out ( well most have ) because of it . 
  besides sd is merely a dissatisfaction party . 
  most people who vote for them probably does n't even care about their members . 
   jee , here i thought we were having a civilized discussion and you decide to jump out and call me dumb and ignorant . 
  you 're saying that he 's a closet racist without any support . 
  closet racist is a dumb term because it 's based off a hunch - its an excuse to imply that someone is racist but not actually calling someone a racist . 
   i can say i think he 's a closet racist based on the associations that he keeps and the things i 've heard him say . 
  do you have a source on your claims ? 
   i think he covers it very well ( hence why he 's a good politician ) , but that in all likelihood he 's a racist . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
   as to jimmie , i reckon he 's a closet racist , yeah . 
  well that 's your problem . 
  `` closet racist '' is a dumb term for dumb people who want to have a reason to hate others . 
  wait for him to fuck up and then say that he 's a racist , but using the term `` closet racist '' just because you want to hate him is incredibly ignorant . 
   where their mps get caught describing darker-skinned people as monkey [ left wingers have also thrown out racist comments ( bonus : sexism ) ] ( http://www.idg.se/2.1085/1.565206/forlat-jag-skrev-rasistiskt-pa-flashback )  they have a disproportionately high number of bad eggs . 
  no i would n't say so . 
  i would say they write more about sd in the newspaper as soon as they fuck up though . 
   no , i 'm saying they were centre right and then went further than republicans would in the us with their ` deregulate ' agenda . 
  kind of like m in sweden ? 
  it 's not a huge surprise , but it has almost nothing to do with their members . 
   no , it depends on the leadership far more than some backbencher . 
  exactly . 
  so do you consider jimmie to be a racist prick ? 
   ` insulting people and menacing ' pretty clearly details the scope of what i said they were doing . 
  so you meant it strictly as `` threaten '' ? 
  fair enough . 
  they did not run around and threaten random people . 
   they 're the economy and justice spokespeople !, 
  and bea ask is the minister of justice but is equally stupid . 
   and as i said , there are countless incidents like this with sd . 
  name a few others . 
   not as concentrated as in sd . 
  sd has a few bad eggs . 
  if you 've ever listened to their party leader you 'd hear stuff that would surprise you . 
   what ? 
  it has nothing to do with the economic right or the incompetence of government , i was trying to show you that you ca n't divorce the policies from the people within the party so you 're saying they disguised themselves as left but instead went full on right ? 
  s does that aswell . 
  they say they 're left but they 're more grey . 
   that rather an understanding of the people within the party gives you a better understanding of the party than it 's policies . 
  then v would 've been way more extreme than they are currently for instance .
