`` highly skilled '' is n't the same as `` all immigrants '' . 
  the article is talking about highly educated people from france and germany aswell . 
  realistically an immigrant from romania is n't the same as one from germany on average . 
  an economy is n't healthy if you oversaturate the market with workers ' . 
  we 're going towards a high education workforce , and that means the low skilled workers ' need to fight more for the few jobs that 's left . 
  if you do n't have highly educated immigrants you 're just gon na flood the market with a low skilled workforce who recieve bad salaries and conditions . 
  i do support migration within the eu , but i do believe that eu should put a bigger focus on education . 
   plus we do n't suffer from `` white man 's guilt '' . 
  sweden had no or very limited colonies and people are still trying to force `` white man 's guilt '' on us . 
  no , sweden expected a reaction from israel , and usa too for that matter . 
  it 's a loss for the society . 
  they ca n't get jobs , they ca n't integrate in the society . 
  they must get food and money somehow and guess how that turns out . 
  they build shacks and litter outside of the cities aswell . 
  all around this is not good for anyone . 
   like i said , really , it 's not that big a deal . 
  it is a big deal . 
   just have a public awareness campaign to report anyone that has used a service but seemed sketchy ( no personnummer or whatever ) . 
  the thing is , a lot of people , especially from the poor suburbs , dislike the government and the police . 
  they wo n't report if someone is illegal . 
  it 's a nice thought , but in practice it does n't work that way . 
  people in the suburbs believe that being a thug is cool and someone to look up to . 
  i 've met this first hand and it is n't pretty . 
   what i do n't think is that it 's a reasonable justification for wasting the polices time asking strangers on the metro , when there are more important tasks they could be doing and when it mostly just causes antipathy against foreigners , more than tracks down illegal immigrants . 
  such as ? 
  if you have suggestions on how to deal with it i 'm all ears . 
   because this is n't a submission about discrimination against finns or sami . 
  it never is . 
   if you were asked that because of your skin color , yeah , i 'd say it 's harassment . 
  how would i know ? 
  it could be , it could not be . 
   solution to what ? 
  illegal immigration . 
  they 're looking for people who are in sweden illegally . 
  or perhaps you do n't find that to be a problem ? 
   harassed strong word . 
  by that definition people are harassed for being asked their driver 's license . 
  i got asked twice for id when going through germany during my vacation , is that harassment according to you ? 
   purely again you do n't understand . 
  the appearence is strongly tied to an individual , you ca n't deny that . 
  the appearence of swedes is strongly tied to sweden . 
  if the police spots someone who they think look for instance russian they 're probably gon na check the person , especially when russian subs are diving around . 
  is it discrimination according to you ? 
  russia has outed the word `` russiophobia '' a lot , but none really seems to care . 
  why not speak out against that ? 
   it 's being treated as a second class citizen please . 
  i do n't see you bringing up that finns or sami have been treated as 2nd class citizens when it was a lot worse than it is today . 
  why is it different ? 
  finns did n't complain about racism , they just tried to work as hard as possible to fit in society , and they 've progressed , unlike other immigration groups . 
  even with the fact that they have stronger cultural and historical ties with sweden . 
  also , i hear a lot of complaining but no solution . 
  give me your solution , if you have one . 
  if you do n't , then you ca n't say that the government 's solution is discrimination . 
  they stand out . 
  if i was in japan i would expect them to check me for being an illegal over someone who looks japanese . 
  speaking of which , white people are like a zoo attraction there because they are n't japanese , is that racist ? 
  saying that it 's racist is just stupid . 
  we look different from different parts of the world . 
  if you speak broken swedish , look congonese and behave different from everyone else you 're probably gon na get asked for id . 
  besides , eastern europeans are white and they probably get targeted among the most , but we 're just gon na ignore that because `` hurr durr racism '' right ? 
  also , skin colour is just one part . 
  it 's easy to tell if people speak broken swedish , or behaves differently , and surprise surprise , orvar is probably not among those people . 
   my suggestion is you do n't do random checks on people . 
  it is a waste of resources and creates animosity . 
  that 's a stupid suggestion . 
  we have tons of illegals in the country and your solution is just to let them be ? 
   ali will be targeted even if he and his family have lived in sweden for 30 years . 
  honestly , i 've seen plenty of people who has lived here for over 30 years but can speak almost no swedish . 
  obviously the idiot in the video is probably not gon na get targeted , based on his swedish alone . 
  most people who get targeted speak broken swedish for instance . 
  the thing is the society is swedish by culture . 
  swedish by culture does n't mean skin colour . 
  swedish culture includes how well you speak swedish and generally blend in . 
  it also includes religion and behavior , such as `` varsegod , ni f\u00f6rst '' ( this is one of the things astrid made a joke out of in pippi l\u00e5ngstrump ) . 
  people who are outside of the behavior , language , religion etc are people who the society , as a whole , does n't quite accept . 
  people who are outside of the society who wants to be in it thinks that people will adapt to them and not the way around . 
  i 've seen this first hand and it 's getting annoying . 
   if the society does n't see you as a citizen based on the color of your skin or your name how the fuck are you suppose to integrate ? 
  these things , they take time . 
  swedes are generally white , so someone with a different skin colour will stand out . 
  if you go to japan you 'll stand out , because you 're white . 
  if you 've ever been there you 'll see that you 're like a person at the zoo . 
  while it 's annoying , it 's not up to you to really scream about . 
  if you want a solution to the problem then it 's to adapt as best as possible , learn the language , learn the culture , try to `` over-culture '' the population and be an overall asset to the society , rather the the opposite , an annoying moron who says none wants to be friends with him without realizing why and just screaming that it 's because of the skin colour . 
   despite it being `` logical '' it creates tons of animosity between people of immigrant heritage and the rest of sweden . 
  ohh please , there are plenty of immigrants who adapt just nicely to the society and people who does n't . 
  i have friends who come from different parts of the world but they chose to adapt to the society rather than the opposite , and i have known people who think they 're the center of the universe . 
  what 's your suggestion really ? 
  to check all people ? 
  to check anders , emil and janne `` just because '' ? 
  it 's stupid and childish . 
   the point is n't that `` anyone can be illegal '' it is that targeting people by race will also include second and third generation swedes . 
  those who adapt to the society are n't really being targeted . 
  you can easily notice a swede from an immigrant , even if both are brown . 
  sorry , i meant poor [ developing countries . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/developing_country ), 
  he 's trying to make a point that reva are targeting people who does n't `` look '' swedish . 
  what he fails to realize is that it 's outright stupid to check g\u00f6ran askilsson from g\u00f6dboda socken who looks like ingvar kamprad . 
  swedes and people from scandinavia has special appearences and names . 
  people who stand out are people who do n't look like swedes , this includes spanish , mexican , japanese and even russian and polish to a certain degree and who do n't have swedish names .
