  they say `` sweden needs immigration ! '', 
  well yeah from the eu17 , but hardly from the middle eastern countries . 
   i 'm sure there would be a ton of spanish , italian , greek and portugese people who would relocate in sweden in the blink of an eye , under the right circumstances . 
  there was a lot of these who moved to sweden after ww2 until 70s perhaps ( not sure on the dates ) . 
   are there issues with russians though , as i 've been hearing they do in the baltics?how about eastern europeans , namely poles , bulgars/romanians ? 
  i 'm rather more curious about this , because i fear that the hatred against muslims can easily be connected with anti-immigration resentment towards other eu citizens aswell yeah they 're very connected . 
  romanians are spoken of a lot because of the romanian beggers sd are trying to force out of the country . 
  however if you feel that there is a large hatred towards muslims you 're mistaking . 
  it 's mostly a loud minority . 
  however people in general do want to keep their own culture and still make room for `` poor immigrants '' . 
   as it 's been recently a hot debate in the uk , except that there the hypocrisy is really flagrant ; there 's britons of foreign descent who are anti european emigration !, 
  uk has a smaller percentage of muslims , but the problems of sharia courts in britain is almost non existant in sweden . 
   on the other hand there 's basically a dead silence regarding any resentment in the media towards muslims . 
  they 're probably scared of prejudice or backlash . 
  in sweden we had extreme lefties threatened and violated the building where immigration decisions are made because they wanted to affect those decisions ( they believed they accepted too few immigrants ) . 
   they 've been embracing their culture quite openly aswell.halal food advertising is already a popular thing there , amongst others . 
  funny thing is that the people who are pro immigration are also pro animal rights , but most do n't think that far ahead . 
  i just find it disgusting that uk accept halal slaughter , it 's ridiculous . 
   i 'm saying it 's libel because it 's demonstrably not true . 
  honour violence has been a part of the arab culture for decades . 
  [ studies show  ( http://www.unl.edu/rhames/courses/212/readings/honor-kil-ng.pdf )  the view of women as property with no rights of their own is deeply rooted in islamic culture so saying it 's `` demonstrably not true '' is wrong . 
   if it was explicitly and obviously true , then it would not be libelous . 
  now we agree . 
   criticizing islam seems to be the fast way to get votes for every single spineless , moron politician out there . 
  nah he recieved a lot of hate/criticism for it . 
  it 's quite the opposite in sweden , any politican standing up for islam gets a pad on the back . 
  the thing that was upsetting for most people was that truthful statements which are offensive should not be spoken of . 
  which is basically like limiting freedom of speech to saying what the government wants you to say . 
  it seems the government took tips from the north korean government about this matter . 
   it comes like an oddity that sweden 's governtment would do something against the will of the people ? 
  it is n't . 
  the government of sweden is just like any other government . 
  besides they tried to stop reporting the issues with immigration because of some strange reason ( to fight prejudice probably ) . 
  anyhow most swedes hear about the atrocities in africa and middle east and most are incredibly scared to be classed as a racist that they let people almost walk over them . 
  but they 're just guesses . 
   if the issue has been in debate since 2000 , why has there been nothing done about it , and on the contrary even more asylum grants were given ? 
  for the current government it 's actually very good when tons of people come here to compete for jobs because of lower wages and worse terms . 
  it 's actually surprising that the left side are pro-immigration since their supporters lose on it . 
  however the supporters of left hate the sweden democrats so much that they just want to be against sd in every single matter . 
  if sd says we should focus on schools the left says that 's a terrible idea , we should focus on jobs and that all sd are workophobes . 
  but again , they 're just guesses . 
   it 's said that in 2002 only 10 % were asylum seekers , that seems to be a small number in comparison to what you 'd have nowadays . 
  probably . 
  the swedish government decided to remove any studies about which ethnicity or background who commited which crimes in 2007 . 
  a lot of people believe in hidden numbers on all foreign things and immigration . 
   hm if this has been carefully researched it 's a big issue that should receive more attention.could there be corruption in this ? 
  no idea . 
   1/4 seems way to much a big expenditure wich benefits only under 1/10 ` th of the population ( the immigrants ) aftonbladet are known to post pro-immigration articles , so i 'm surprised this article popped up . 
  wether this is true or not i can not say . 
  what is politically correct one day is not the next day . 
  what is biased towards one thing one day is biased towards another thing another day . 
   i do agree wholeheartedly . 
  respect the jante law some argue you should n't respect the law of the jante too much , but it 's a good guideline . 
  most completely ignore it and feel just because they 're stronger or bigger that they can do anything . 
  it 's really dumb because those who want to distance themselves from oppression ( there are a lot of those ) , can not do so because others want to feed their culture or religion into a society and calls them racists if they do n't oblige . 
  if the native people want to take part of the culture by their will then sure , but trying to force your own holidays to be holidays or bliefs in another country is just stupid . 
   but how did the americans do it ? 
  bad example . 
  for one usa is capitalistic which means the state only earns money from immigration because they do n't have to prove healthcare , schools , cheap public transport etc. 
  immigration to usa is a net win , unlike sweden where it 's a net loss . 
  besides usa have n't taken any traditions from other countries except for octoberfest and st patrick 's day . 
  some people in sweden think the national anthem is racist or whatever because it salutes the old swedish empire . 
   well , perhaps the western and arab are civilisations with big differences that 's the main problem . 
  we 've had very little problems with germans , finns , danes , norwegians etc. 
   yes , because that 's fucking libel . 
  do n't be ridiculous , if you hit women and i call you a woman beater it 's not libel . 
  if you call me a woman beater when i have n't hit a woman then you 're commit libel . 
   imagine the reaction if the fuckwit said `` the jewish talmud promotes raping and abusing women who dislike judaism . '', 
  so what ? 
  if it 's true why ca n't he say it ? 
  also muslim misogony is not because of the religion , it 's more because of the culture of the arab countries according to [ wikipedia . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing ) the people commiting honour killings are rarely practicing muslims in sweden at least . 
   the fact that muslims are getting painted as extremists is a popular idea i see ... the truth of the matter is 99 % of the arabs do n't give a shit about extremist muslim ideologies . 
  while i do agree that most muslims are n't extremist terrorists - just like all americans are n't fatty mcfat fat . 
  however honour killing/honour violence is more rooted in the arab culture than the religion . 
  this means oppression of women is n't an islamic thing , but moreso comes from the arab culture . 
  also a study said around 40 % of muslims have anti-semitic views for instance , so clearly there is a correlation between the religion and their thoughts . 
  the average swedish viewpoint on this is 5 % . 
   extremist organisations have really small memberships.most people just want to live a fruitful and meaningful life . 
  yeah , however when 70,000 muslims are part of an organization who wants to enforce special rules for muslims and such it becomes a problem . 
  fair enough the proposition recieved heavy criticism . 
  if you go to the country you can not believe you are above the society . 
  there are tons of people who have integrated very well ( finns , estonians , norwegians , danes , germans etc ) , why ca n't they ? 
   in syria there 's been fore centuries peaceful coexistence between muslims and christians for example . 
  swedens religious population is on a decline . 
  there are very few people who attend church . 
  none obey the laws of the bible . 
  in malm\u00f6 there are schools where the children denies the holocaust because they despite jews . 
  this does n't fit in a secularised society at all . 
   imposing muslims in europe to renounce their religion is not secularist ... what people need to understand is that the law of the government comes above their religion . 
  smf sent a letter to the swedish government demanding special treatment and sharia laws on the people because of their beliefs . 
  this was met by heavy criticism , however the fact that they think they can demand things is ridiculous and what some swedes fear will happen in the future again . 
  they 're free to think anything as long as it does n't affect others . 
  if they hinder other religions from being there that 's a problem . 
  sweden had no religious problems ( except circumcision and kosher meat - which did not affect the swedes ) with jews . 
  no problems with hinduism or buddhism . 
  now jews are being harassed because of islam . 
   honestly , if you can find anti-immigrant articles from the 1980 's -2000 's in sweeden , uk , netherlands etc. 
  i 'll give you a cookie . 
  [ an article from year 2000 .
