  sure they get milder but many people still hold on to a lot of bad ideologies . 
  relax i never said we are n't supposed to help one another . 
  just because i 'm against massive immigration does n't mean i 'm against humans . 
  the mindset of their society is the reason why they are in a shitty place at first though . 
  i 'm not saying you need to work yourself to death as they do in slave camps in quatar . 
  i 'm not talking about protection , i 'm just saying that providing for 1m immigrants in sweden could 've helped 100 million in china . 
  the immigration makes no sense when it contributes to large amounts of crime , a worse society plus huge economic losses , when we could instead create jobs abroad , stop brain drain and make the life of hundred of millions much better . 
  but your feelings are coming in between , is n't it ? 
  you should stop writing in affect and start looking out . 
  you 're talking about romania ? 
  we 're not complaining about romanians , just romas , and they are n't nearly as big of a problem as other immigrants , mainly due to numbers . 
  they are n't swedish citizens so we have no obligation to them . 
  also we need to travel through 2-3 countries to reach romania . 
  so yes it 's far away . 
  sweden is very far away from these countries . 
  we are n't exactly complaining about norway , finland , denmark , germany or even estonia . 
  your analogy is terrible . 
  so where does this `` helping '' end ? 
  how many immigrants must denmark take in to satisfy your feelings ? 
  a society is complex , and demographic changes are bad . 
  danes built their society from scratch , swedes and norwegians too , while people in the middle east fight over religion . 
  we instantly see a shift in quality of the society when demographics are changed from swedes to foreigners . 
  it sure is pathetic , but if they repeat it x amount of times people will actually believe sweden is the most racist and intolerant place on earth . 
   what you described is n't islamophobia , and nobody would claim so . 
  ohh no , people actually claim so . 
  people claim islamophobia and racism everywhere . 
  seriously . 
  [ even these pastries are racist . 
  ] ( http://a.cdn-expressen.se/imagehandler.axd?guid=1837672f-e6ad-48ba-960d-f4b0c1dc3384&amp;imageformat=secondcolumn-16x9 )  condemn all violent pieces of shit you want , muslim or otherwise , but when you start saying all muslims are trying to undermine western society or start trying to infringe on the rights of muslims in general that is when you cross over the line into islamophobia . 
  this is n't too easy . 
  where is the line supposed to be drawn ? 
   20 years of jail time for a facebook comment is a bit too much , even for iran . 
  the charges were '' ... putting iran 's national security at risk and insulting islam . '', 
  for a facebook comment , so they are n't exactly being reasonable here . 
  damned if we do , damned if we do n't . 
  they expect us to take in as many immigrants as germany and expect us to house and provide for them , and then accept when they commit a lot of felonies . 
  either way - we 're racists . 
  this article is stupid as hell and has already been discussed , or rather laughed at in / r/sweden . 
  but just for fun , let 's debunk it  last month , i went to stockholm on a reporting trip . 
  the city seemed idyllic : bicycles aplenty standing unlocked outside at night , volvos with their doors open and engines running , and not a cigarette butt in sight . 
  ** in trendy hornstull , bearded bros high-fived each other over brooklyn craft beers . 
  ** so stereotypical , do n't you think ? 
  there is no way this happend . 
   but everyone , it seemed , was white . 
  they write , like it 's something wrong with that . 
   `` they live in the suburbs , at the end of the blue metro line , '' karl informed me , adjusting his sunglasses in the dimly lit bar . 
  `` do n't go there now , though , it 's pretty dangerous . 
  they 're pretty angry , and it 's nighttime ; black people get pretty angry when there 's no sun . ''  `` do n't you think that 's pretty racist ? '' i asked . 
  karl hesitated for a moment , shooting a look at his drinking companion before removing his ray-bans and turning back to me . 
  `` i 'm not racist , '' he said . 
  `` i 'm swedish . '' did they seriously writing an article and have this bullshit included ? 
  every word lacks reality . 
   the rise of the far right , and the entrance of the sweden democrats into sweden 's parliament , have created a space to further isolate those who do n't look `` swedish . '' really now ? 
  why does this seem like utter bullshit ? 
   recent statistics show a large increase in hate crimes against muslims , jews , african-born residents and the roma community . 
  this one might be true , but is it really goebells and his gang who are back ? 
  jews are harassed almost exclusively by muslims , and muslims by syrians . 
  but br\u00e5 states this : `` compared to previous years the level of victimization of xenophobic and homophobic hate crimes can be viewed as relatively stable . '', 
  and `` of little less than the estimated 3,980 xenophobic/racist hate crimes in 2012 , 940 were considered to be afrophobic and almost 220 anti-roma . 
  additionally , homo - , bi - and heterophobic motives were identified in just over 710 reports , islamophobic in little more than 300 , christianophobic or anti-religious in almost 260 , anti-semitic in just over 220 and transphobic in just over 40 reports . '', 
  so i call bullshit on this one aswell . 
  it 's kind of funny that the writer never included homophobia or christianophobia , but whatever , it 's not like this article is biased or something . 
   regularly overlooked in sweden 's history is its role in the slave trade and colonialism . 
  lol . 
  we had like 20 ships during the entirety of slave trade and we had a colony in current america which was taken over by the dutch after like 10 years . 
  when you mention slaves in the swedish history you refer to tr\u00e4lar , or thralls , which were white . 
  they were abused far more than african slaves but yet when these type of articles come up they never once mention it . 
   under king gustav iii , sweden held colonies such as saint barthe\u0301lemy in the caribbean and profited directly from the slaves who were imported onto the island and then sold to french colonies and elsewhere in the caribbean . 
  [ come on , sweden was very critical and defended the rights of slaves . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_slave_trade ) it 's so annoying that you bring up and angle the few negative sides sweden had when we did so much more good . 
   more recently , in 1922 , the country was the first to establish a national institute of racial biology at uppsala university to measure the racial makeup of the population and the size of people 's heads in a vain ** attempt to learn about hereditary illnesses . 
  ** err ... sure sweden has a dark spot in history of racial biology , we do n't deny that . 
  but we did n't use the racial biology centres to sort out non-white people . 
  we used them to learn about diseases . 
   this institute was associated with a eugenics movement network that `` may have been relatively small but it was nevertheless historically significant , '' writes maria bjo\u0308rkman of linko\u0308ping university , `` because of its intimate ties with that part of the german eugenics movement that would shape nazi biopolitics . '' that was the bad part yes . 
   the same year , the minister of culture displayed outrageous ignorance by cutting into a cake depicting a racist caricature in an attempt to highlight female genital mutilation . 
  lol . 
  the artist herself was black and insisted on the minster of culture to cut her ( the cake ) to make a stand against female genital mutilation . 
   however , sweden stands out for its disproportionate number of european union asylum applications . 
  in 2012 the country received 13 percent of the eu 's total applications . 
  there are an additional 695,775 citizens who have one foreign-born and one native swedish parent ; there are also those 467,697 swedes born to two foreign-born parents . 
  in fact , the portion of sweden 's population whom those politicians see as `` other '' is closer to 28 percent . 
  the government does n't want to say that the `` others '' are immigrants , so instead they clump them up as `` others '' . 
  the fact that the article writer is criticising this is hilarious . 
   much to the surprise of the world 's media , these `` others '' rioted last year in suburban husby . 
  so they want them to say that these `` others '' were immigrants from the middle east ? 
   for one , swedish cities are segregated by design . 
  the well-meaning `` million program '' of the 1960s and \u201970s , which set out to build affordable housing developments across the country , was ambitious and well intentioned . 
  however , it concentrated low-income rental properties in faraway and inconvenient suburbs , which began the fragmentation of swedish society . 
  the million programme was a success at first but it has segrigated a lot . 
  poor people seek themselves to cheap housing . 
   those arriving from abroad in the \u201970s could afford only to move into these distinctive million program rentals , while the white middle and upper classes moved into cooperative housing or bought houses outright in the `` swedish-looking '' accommodation mainly situated in the centers . 
  not really true . 
  a lot of workers who immigrated during the 70s does n't really live in million programme house complexes . 
  mostly there are asylum seekers and grant takers live in these buildings . 
   take tensta , a suburb that was part of the million program : it lies on the northern edge of stockholm 's metro map , buried deep underground . 
  in order to get there from the central station , one has to walk down three escalators , to the deepest section of the city 's main metro station where the blue line runs north . 
  here we see another , more complete sweden of different colors and communities . 
  there are plenty of swedes living on the blue line . 
  are they going to call it racist that swedish subway systems are designed that you need to take 3 stairs ?
