   we 've also had this conversation before , and all you could come up with to refute me is the `` human nature '' argument which has no factual basis at all . 
  i came up with economic , futuristic and humanistic arguments while you 're pretending it 's raining or something . 
   that 's because social democracy has absolutely nothing to do with communism . 
  why do you then claim '' ... you will find that every socialist will say `` capitalism is not benefiting the population anymore , it 's time we need to move on '' '' ? 
   it 's a bastardization of socialism that tries to maintain capitalism while improving people 's lives through a welfare state , which is well intentioned but in the long run changes nothing . 
  what you 're really proposing is a society where everything is free and that everyone can live in peace and harmony . 
  can you come up with one person who does n't want to do that ( who is n't mentally ill - this includes satanists , religious nutcases or whatever ) ? 
  economics is about balancing limited resources within a population . 
  if we 're 5 to split 2 bread loafs and 3 bottles of water then how do we split it ? 
  perhaps one is n't hungry and one is n't thirsty . 
  the fundamental theory of an economy is to increase productivity , trade and progression , while maintaining a high standard of living . 
   well it couldn \u00b4 t be avoidable , unless the globalization process can be inverted ... try to tell those millions and millions of chinese field workers who migrated to the city to work in factories to go to the field again ... they won \u00b4 t go that 's the problem of human rights in china , something i strongly oppose . 
  comparing the life of bulgarians versus swedes is a bit silly . 
  swedes have higher taxes and higher living costs . 
  the problem lies instead in the policies of the bulgarian country , and not the swedes . 
  the only reason why this is n't being tracked down is because of the freedom of movement . 
  [ here 's a good article on the issue . 
   if we were to take marx 's analysis - which is statistically supported by piketty ( this is excluding marx 's own work which is sufficient in of itself ) - yes . 
  using marx as an example , he theorizes that capitalism has a time and place in terms of propelling economic and scientific progress , but will inevitably become detrimental to the population , stagnate and lead to ever increasing inequality , erosion of democracy and , eventually , tyranny . 
  ahh , so marx says his theory is flawless ? 
  besides how can you tell when that is ? 
  the economy stagnated during the great depression but quickly rose back up . 
  does marx explain what factors will contribute to the fall of society ? 
   the evidence of these predictions coming to pass is evident for every informed person to see , regardless of your stance of marxism or socialism in general . 
  it reminds me of the 2012 thing with the maya indians . 
   and to add , it 's argued the , in the same way capitalism emerged from feudalism , socialism will emerge from capitalism and , some argue , communism will emerge from socialism . 
  if you believe communism is a good choice currently then you 're clearly mistaken . 
  communism has too many flaws to be properly implimented . 
  firstly you 'll need a homogeneous group . 
  secondly you 'll need zero corruption and thirdly you 'll need nearly endless of resources . 
   it 's a natural process . 
  you will not find many socialists who will say `` capitalism has never done anything good '' , but you will find that every socialist will say `` capitalism is not benefiting the population anymore , it 's time we need to move on '' , and that stance is very much supported by the facts , and you can see the effects of capitalism very presently in current events . 
  move on ? 
  to communism ? 
  this is stupid talk . 
  give me any pros with communism over capitalism ? 
  excluding the bullshit of `` everyone will be equal , none will be poor '' . 
  besides i never hear anyone from social democrates talking about communism . 
  they strongly reject the idea of communism . 
   we have plenty of houses - generally speaking . 
  millions of empty ones . 
  not in sweden . 
  it 's difficult to get building permits . 
   people just do n't want to sell them and would rather they lie derelict than have them be used by the poor . 
  i think i want to see a source on that claim . 
   so i do n't think `` housing shortage '' is an apt name , it 's more `` the developers do n't want to sell because they think they can make more money '' . 
  it is . 
  spain is n't sweden . 
   are not a part of immigration . 
  immigration is one of the leading contributing factors of wage dumping yes . 
  see the videos i 've provided in the other comments . 
   they 're a result of companies moving abroad , and the government laying off on forcing wage increases in order to try and keep companies in their country . 
  it 's crazy to believe that we should move all factories etc to romania or bulgaria because they work for half the salary . 
  if we did then the swedes would be out of jobs and out of money . 
   this is a product of neoliberal globalization - not immigration . 
  it 's not one or the other . 
  we have regulations against globalization because otherwise people get exploited . 
   if a bulgarian is in bulgaria and taking a swede 's job , that 's just outsourcing and that has nothing to do with immigration , but with neoliberal globalization of the workforce . 
  it is outsourcing , something that should be regulated more . 
  it 's the society 's loss . 
   we can keep increasing the minimum wage , but all that will lead to in the long run is capital flight to other , poorly regulated countries , as is happening now with manufacturing and resource harvesting in south america , africa and asia . 
  sweden does n't have a minimum wage . 
  also are you claiming that higher wages for the proletarians lead to a worse society ? 
   this is just the middle ground fallacy . 
  an `` even '' approach is n't necessarily the best one . 
  so is n't a radical . 
  tell me , what radical solutions have been good for the societies ? 
   it is that same `` even '' approach that has led to this situation , with social democratic governments being unable to pay their bills and being unable to keep their population happy and employed . 
  one would argue that the only solution would be a radical one . 
  so you 're saying radical solutions are the best because ... why ? 
  higher unemployment and more debt and you want to open up borders and let more people come ? 
  that 's a twisted worldview if you think that 'll be a good solution . 
  also , the housing shortage is n't something to really debate , it 's a fact . 
  wether it 's important or not or whatever you can debate , but saying `` millions of empty ones . '', 
  is as wrong as you can get . 
   welcome to globalization ... life was probably ok for a swedish truck driver , but not so bright to the bulgarian one ... so things need to be rebalanced ... and very probably the swedish truck driver will never drive a truck again in his lifetime you have a crazy stereotypical view of swedes if you think a truckers life is all happy and no pain . 
  it 's not just a loss for the truck drivers but also for the swedish society because the trucker needs to go on social benefits and welfare because someone is doing his job for half the salary . 
  this is an economic loss for the swedish society which could be avoidable . 
   do n't be stupid your fucking self , there was no clear connection between what happened there and immigration , or even that that practice is widespread to constitute large-scale wage dumping in sweden . 
  yes there is . 
  have you even checked / r/sweden during the last month ? 
  clearly wage dumping and immigrants lowering wages are starting to become a problem in the swedish society . 
  just because you choose to ignore it does n't make it any less true . 
   the videos in your link can only be seen in sweden ... any alternative ? 
  i 'm afraid not . 
  if you can speak or atleast understand swedish i 'd recommend a proxy . 
   you said that people rushed waving the racist card ... and i say that probably is because that is racist in the first place . 
  a lot probably are , but hardly even the majority . 
  people get called racists or xenophobic because they make [ pastries ] ( http://www.expressen.se/kvallsposten/konditori-kritiseras-for-rasistiska-bakverk/ ) for instance . 
  reading the article you can clearly see the guy acusing the store is himself being racist and/or xenophobic . 
   so you point to a labour dispute on the commuter rail as evidence that there 's a wage dump , as opposed to regular cost cutting ? 
  i 'm asking for serious , empirical , peer reviewed evidence , and not you making judgements with no evidence that this is happening . 
  they fired all of the workers and rehired them to lower their wages and worsen their terms . 
  this is probably the definition of wage dumping . 
  can you even read swedish ? 
  you claim you can but clearly it says : `` arbetsgivaren har varslat 250 personer om upps\u00e4gning f\u00f6r att kunna \u00e5teranst\u00e4lla dem med nya , enligt facket , s\u00e4mre villkor . '', 
  this means , translated to english `` the employers fired 250 people to rehired them with new , according to facket , worse terms . '' . 
   i 'm asking for serious , empirical , peer reviewed evidence , and not you making judgements with no evidence that this is happening . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  this is hard evidence of wage dumping .
