  this table is stupidly optimistic . 
  sweden already has a deflation which is very troubling . 
   the sweden democrats were openly heiling until 1995 , the same year that their current party leader joined the party . 
  by that logic v\u00e4nstern are still communists , moderates still oppose womens right to vote and free healthcare . 
  the history of the parties is very irrelevent of what they stand for now . 
   several people in their party top have recently had to resign because they threatened foreigners with iron pipes in their hands . 
  kenth is an idiot , and it was one guy not several people . 
   they are nazis . 
  that is not debatable . 
  fascists these days . 
  you should look up what they stand for . 
  you know that svp broke out because sd were n't racist enough right ? 
  if you actually read the wiki pages it says for sd : `` sverigedemokraterna ( sd ) \u00e4r ett nationalistiskt politiskt parti i sverige , grundat 1988 . '', 
  this is not debatable . 
   and unemployment is at 8 % in sweden while it is at almost 27 % in greece , 25 % in spain , 15 % in portugal , 14 % in slovakia , 12 % in ireland , 11 % in lithuania , etc. 
  it 's a bad example comparing it to greece or spain . 
  besides the youth unemployment rate is rising above 25 % which is terrible . 
  denmark is at around 12 % , netherlands 11 % , norway 9 % and germany 8 % for reference . 
   as i stated before , unemployment is too high , but not as high as in many other places in the eu . 
  sweden has been up there but we 're falling , which is a problem . 
  saying `` but look at those , they are off worse '' is not a valid excuse . 
   the low school results are a result of allowing the profit motive to enter the schools . 
  do n't give me this bullshit . 
  it 's not true and you know it . 
  you can not claim it all is their fault either because of all the reforms the current ruling party has made . 
  it 's not just the secondary schools which are the problem , but also the elementary schools . 
  the sellout of secondary schools is bad , but it does n't account for the teachers lacking competence to work as a teacher or the administrative work . 
   it has nothing to do with the health of the economy . 
  it does . 
  bad schools means bad competence . 
  school results are very important in a healthy economy , especially with the new age of machines incoming . 
   the economy is doing well . 
   the unemployment is too high , but not as high as in many other places in the eu . 
   no problems with infrastructure . 
  when was the last time you read the news ? 
  unemployment rates are going up and school results are going down . 
  how is this a sign of an economy `` doing well '' ? 
  how can hell can you also say there are no problems with infrastructure when we have a housing shortage . 
   the only real downer is that we have a few nazis ( calling themselves sweden democrats ) in parliament . 
  they 're more christian fascist than nazis to be frank . 
  they only group they strongly oppose are the muslims . 
   the people who vote for them are mostly people who consider the immigration rate to be too high ( which , in all fairness , has some truth to it ) sd are mostly looking to stop immigration from relatives , because they are the larges source of immigration . 
  they want people who immigrate to prove they 've gotten a job here . 
  they want refugees to temporarily stay here until they 're safe to return to their homenations . 
  they want people to assimilate to the swedish culture if they stay here . 
   california yes ... tv shows ... hollywood . 
  am i missing something ? 
   writing and reading english on the internet is a whole different ball game from speaking and listening in a real conversation . 
  i know people who have lived in the uk for years and still struggle to speak and listen , so when i see people on the internet claim they are `` fluent '' in english but never been to an english speaking country ... 
  i am dubious . 
  yup . 
  i see it all the time with swedish , very few people actually become fluent if its their second language . 
  meanwhile i see a lot of people on the internet who are n't natives claiming `` c2 '' or something . 
  if i tell them to write they make up some excuse not to . 
   no disrespect to people who learn english as a second it does n't matter if you 're fluent or not . 
  if you 're conversational is all that matters really . 
   converse comfortably in the language if you take this as the definition of fluency then swedes still are n't fluent . 
  swedes generally dislike speaking english , even if they can write it . 
  most are n't comfortable at any degree . 
  it 's used a lot in tv shows . 
  it 's an expression people just mimick . 
  it 's never actually taught in schools other than what it means . 
  it 's definitely something from american tv shows . 
  comma goes after the apostrophe , ya dingus . 
  in real life ? 
  none . 
  only on the internet . 
  why would we speak english in sweden ? 
  do people really believe we speak english in sweden on a regular basis ? 
  we do n't dub our series or films so they speak english but we have subtitles and a majority of the people can not do without the subtitles . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if they assume people can speak english ? 
  everything in english has subtitles . 
   well enough in order to be able to have a conversation means 17 % or close to 1 in 5 can not speak it well enough for a conversation . 
   35 % 42 % 23 % `` very good '' could be up for interpretation . 
  is it fluent or just `` very good '' ? 
  `` very good '' differs from person to person . 
  as / u/nicasucio said they said `` like '' a lot . 
  does a fluent speaker use `` like '' alot or is it just mimicked from american tv shows ? 
  relatively good yes , but saying we 're like natives is a bit far fetched . 
  the younger generation can speak english better than the older but most still lack what natives do n't , mainly vocabulary . 
   most of you speak english like natives the ones you hear speak . 
  the remaining 90 % choose to keep quiet . 
  the english proficency of swedes is highly overrated . 
   it 's good that everyone has agreed on a single international language . 
  it was more forced ... 
  same with french . 
   there 's 10 million people that speaks swedish , but nearly all of us also speak english fluently . 
  not true . 
  we can `` speak english '' but not even close to half can speak it fluently . 
   everyone aged 10 + is able to comprehend a fluent conversation in context . 
  where do you even get that from ? 
  that 's preposterous . 
  in sweden . 
  i hear a lot of general hate towards yugoslavs because of their over rate in ( violent ? ), 
  crimes . 
  i thought you meant italy . 
  my apologies . 
   to remind you the original post mentioned how odd it is that italy was `` liberated '' instead of `` defeated '' . 
  you made the claim that italy somehow was a victim of nazism .
