  the title is based on assumptions , although it was probably made by muslims , we do n't know that for sure yet . 
  it seems like you just have a bad commute . 
  the thing is they do this experiment so that no days are `` wasted '' . 
  one of their arguments was that 2h of the day there is nothing productive being done . 
  taking away a day instead of 2h each day would mean those 2h would still be unproductive . 
  this was also badly tested and is going to be badly tested and probably not actually implimented until like 2030 or something . 
  this was talked about in another article , but just to be clear to any comment readers , this article is full of bullshit , falsehood and assumptions . 
  the benefits of working 6x5 does n't pass \u00f6ver to 4x8 . 
   for a many people , a work day is a lost day in what way ? 
  going to work at 9 and leaving at 3 does n't make it a lost day . 
  look , i do n't know your specific scenario , but its not like your scenario for all of the workers ' , especially in sweden . 
  smaller companies are different , but that 's another story . 
   everybody in the office is like that so dunno . 
  then it 's probably a bad office . 
  workers ' health is extremely important and it seems like your company ignores that . 
  make reasonably suggestions on what would benefit you greatly for a small cost . 
   ... you can not do home improvement , you can not do much , you are going to be tired and irritated , sleepy from having to wake up early , and the average person commutes 40 minutes to , 40 minutes back . 
  i think you should get a different job . 
   even if you work 6 hours , with the commute and all that your day is fucked anyway . 
  i think it 's just your attitude . 
  a day is n't `` fucked '' just because you go to work . 
   why not a 4 day workweek instead ? 
  because the entire point was to work fewer hours per day and not less days . 
  they assumed ( note : assume ) that it would lead to less stress and higher efficiency . 
  doing 4x8 is basically just scaling a day off , which would make no sense for anyone , and make the employer angry . 
  malta has a higher percentage of people seeking asylum . 
   the way i see it , syria is not the last country to revolt . 
  i agree . 
   isis is completely wrong , and so are the kurds . 
  what an objective stance . 
  so tell me , why are kurds in the wrong ? 
   so tell me , do any of these groups sound like they will set up a government anytime soon ? 
  not even close , but all of the groups have a common goal of setting up one . 
  if you fight for isis you have a goal of an islamic state . 
   trust me , you live in sweden . 
  a country where you can say almost anything you want about the government and face no consequences . 
  it 's always so funny when people throw that card away like my flair tells my whole story . 
  just because i live in sweden does n't mean i do n't know anything about what 's happening over there . 
  i 've heard it all from all sides and all of them are equally stupid in their reasoning . 
  you have an italian flair , does that mean you eat pizza and pasta with mozzarella everyday and love berlusconi ? 
   also , i meant america rebelling against great britain . 
  war of independence . 
  it was still one side vs another where one wanted democracy and another dictatorship . 
   i think it 's really important this is done right , because it could lead to a very important change for not just gothenberg , but for the people of sweden and potentially everyone in europe . 
  so , while i 'm dismayed it 's been delayed , if the research is done seriously , it 's important to realize that delays are part of quality . 
  i agree completely . 
  a setback is required to go forward . 
  you can not rush into these things which a lot of people love to do . 
  the guy barely made any research at all and did n't grasp the consequences and i 'm so glad that he did n't just try to push it through but instead take a step back and see where the problems are and how we can fix them . 
  being optimistic is one thing , but being completely ignorant is another . 
   i also think it 's very important for people to see the good things the left can bring them as opposed to simply the usual rhetoric we 're all so fond of . 
  if only they were to listen to criticism . 
  this is a good initative , however they need to account for many things such as competence in certain sectors . 
  finland has actually already tried this before where the positive results were `` less stress and conflicts at home '' but the negative effects were `` worse social climate at work and guilt '' . 
  this does n't account for the economical effects however . 
   actually i am syrian and i have lived in syria before under the rule of bashar . 
  so you believe kurds , rebels and isis are freedom fighters who want to liberate the country and eradicate all evil ? 
  it 's not that simple . 
   yes atrocities have been committed by all sides , but some sides have done much much more than others . 
  of course , but that does n't mean you should go and fight for jihad , that 's the worst thing you can do . 
  why not join up with kurds or other rebels which are far less extreme , comparatively . 
   france , america , russia , and many other countries have revolted with `` groups '' , did they develop another dictatorship ? 
  there is a difference if you have two sides and if you have 4 + sides . 
  france and russia had revolutions to overthrow the rich royalties . 
  usa had a civil war to end slavery . 
  also in all of those examples we pretty much had dictators vs democracy where democracy won . 
  the thing is there is always a [ cycle of dictatorship ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oyr4lxf.gif ) in poor countries . 
  this is because people put the trust in one person , a strong leader which they believe can make good decisions , when in reality he really ca n't and is in most cases just power hungry . 
   what makes you think another evil dictatorship is on the way ? 
  because all groups fighting in the area wants control of their own , which means dictatorship . 
   syria is not the first country to revolt , but i guess since they are muslim , then they are in the wrong . 
  that 's very ignorant of you . 
  why did you instantly play the `` dae muslims are wrong ? '', 
  card instead of doing actual research on the matter ? 
  just because they are muslims does n't mean they 're free from criticism and you should tolerate that . 
  the government , rebels , islamists and kurds all commit atrocities and all fight for freedom . 
   but is it really wrong to go fight in a war against an evil dictator who slaughters his own people ? 
  your opponents does n't really matter when your goal is to set up your own evil dicatorship which would probably be even worse . 
  so in short : yes it is still wrong , its way wrong even . 
   we slavic folks are generally the good immigrants well you do n't commit as much crime as other immigrants groups but people still look down on slavic immigrants because of wage dumps and to some extent , organized crime . 
   those are not typical swedish houses . 
  any source for your claims ? 
  it 's widely known that r\u00f6d falu houses are the `` typical '' swedish house . 
  only big cities have apartments . 
   emptly flagpoles are a common sight . 
  think about that for a moment . 
  you do n't really need a flagpole to raise a flag so i ca n't see your point . 
   i 'm not saying people do n't fly flags from their balconies in the city or on the patio of villas in the suburbs , because they do . 
  but it 's not common in any way . 
  people do raise flags everywhere , it 's less common in the city but on the countrside a lot of people raise flags . 
  it 's nowhere near rare or even uncommon . 
  where have you been living ? 
  i 've travelled pretty much everywhere in sweden and a lot of summer houses or places with flagpoles raise the swedish flag . 
  i 've seen italian , german , dutch occasionally but mostly norwegian , danish and finnish . 
  flags are extremely common and just looking out of my window i can see at least 5 . 
   no , it is not normal to fly flags at all in sweden it 's one of the most swedish things to do . 
  [ this is a typical swedish summer house . 
  well it did say '' ... 85 % of convicted rapists were ` born on foreign soil or from foreign parents . '', 
  althrough just on the subjects in the study . 
   deport can anyone translate this into swedish ?
