   in tensta and other suburbs , children go to schools whose student body is composed of 90 percent first - or second-generation immigrants . 
  i visited a local school called tensta gymnasium , which prides itself on its immigrant-heavy student body . 
  i asked if attracting blond-haired and blue-eyed swedish schoolchildren to tensta gymnasium might aid integration , to which principal sofie abrahamsson replied , `` why should we put money into attracting those from elsewhere , when we know they wo n't come ? '' because there is a lot of crime and hostility in these areas , very few swedes wish to live there . 
  some do because some swedes are still poor . 
   abrahamsson 's resigned attitude makes sense . 
  outside the archipelago of immigrant islands such as tensta , rinkeby , alby and husby , racism and islamophobia are commonplace . 
  homophobia is more common than islamophobia , but that is n't on the list somehow . 
  also swedes are very tolerant about homosexuals , so saying islamophobia is a bigger issue is laughable . 
   social media have provided a small ray of hope , with instagram accounts such as svartkvinna ( black woman ) and muslimskvinna ( muslim woman ) offering a platform for those `` others '' to articulate their stories . 
  a lot of these medias and forums are racist towards swedes and whites , but somehow that is deemed `` acceptable '' . 
   toward the end of my stay in sweden , i sat on a bench in tensta 's main square . 
  people talked to each other outside the bustling iraqi-run market . 
  a syrian asylum seeker tried to sell me a pack of dodgy cigarettes before asking about my family . 
  there was a sense of community in the suburbs that i did n't experience in the center of the city . 
  well duh . 
  the problems in the swedish society about immigration and integration are because of the government . 
  i also would like to point out that this article is biased as fuck . 
  also al-jazeera is owned by saudi arabia ? / quatar ? 
  so take everything they say with a bucket of salt . 
  it 's still fear mongering . 
  they say this as a type of argument when they have no actual base for their claim . 
   bulgaria and romania are fantastically wealthy by comparison . 
  i think romania even has the highest broadband speed in europe . 
  perhaps its not as common in northern italy but its definitely common in southern italy . 
  spain probably also sleep , but i have no experience of that . 
   in addition , eu elections would likely become much more important for most people than national elections , so you 'd see much higher voter turnout for them this `` more important '' comes with a cost . 
   whether this is actually an advantage probably depends on if you want a federal eu or not . 
  federation would take quite a bit of sovereignty from eu nations , but it would also make the eu as an institution much more powerful . 
  i prefer sovereignty . 
  countries prosper much better when they are smaller . 
  some take naps some do n't . 
   in a federation , the federal government provides a sort of general framework for law and order , while the specifics are left up to the lower levels of government . 
  what 's the overall advantage ? 
  besides what eu already is . 
   you 're already doing that , you 're in the eu . 
  also a federation will change the swedish system barely , because as i said : the federation will only make very basic policy , where upon the members can add . 
  you 're social laws will be the same . 
  and swedes hate it . 
  swedes lose a lot of money and those who believe in the eu do n't know that sweden are losing when it comes to laws and regulations , illegal workers ' etc. 
   again , this bares no problem . 
  you just take two different cultural things and immediately assume they 're going to cause problem . 
  there 's no reason to think this will cause problems , and you 've provided none . 
  how is this not going to cause problems ? 
  swedes like to really limit the power of individuals and companies for the benefit of the society as a whole . 
  very few other countries are willing to do that . 
  usa would laugh at the mere thought . 
   no one here is saying we 're doing it soon . 
  the most quickest expectations of federalisation are still decades away . 
  soon is still soon . 
  i 'm talking about how it 's going to be possible soonest in hundred years . 
   who 's talking about changing your system ? 
  [ err ... 
  it 's on the front page . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.it/20140624/italy-calls-on-eu-to-make-profound-changes ) people want to keep their way of living and their way of seeing things . 
  sure italy are just complaining to the eu but countries complain about eachother all the time . 
  most countries are n't going to give up even the trivial things in their society . 
   the fact that you think that federalisation means that swedish laws are going to be heavily changed . 
  the eu heavily changed swedish laws for the worse . 
   getting into a federation with italy , will not make your laws become more italian like . 
  what decides that ? 
  sweden can not be part of deciding 2/3 of their own laws already , how is that even good ? 
   this whole siesta thing is a social question , so let 's look at social policy . 
  the federal government sets basic worker rights , a possible minimum wage etcetera . 
  the local governments than build upon it . 
  for example : the federal government says that every employee has the right on breaks . 
  the local government in for example catalonia would then decide that workers have a 1,5 hour break in the middle of the day and call it siesta , whilst the local government in sweden would give the workers smaller but multiple breaks at different times during their shift . 
  a ten minute coffee-break for example whilst a colleague of your 's takes over as example . 
  the federal government makes basic laws so the countries are more compatible with each other and act more like a unit , but gives enough power to the regions so they can add their own ideas to those basic laws . 
  take a look at german politics or those of the us , germany and the us are federations . 
  my point is that we 're far too different to agree with a common system . 
  swedes wo n't ever give up their laws regarding social issues because they consider them to be superior ( hence v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd etc ) . 
  swedes discuss every single matter there is , regarding of how trivial or big . 
  swedes love meetings which italians hate . 
  swedes take turns when they speak to eachother so everyone can give their input , which italians never do . 
  it 's too early to make a federation when we can just cooperate financially and military . 
  in the future when we have integraded more and more we could try , but it 's going to take time . 
  for sweden it 's best to join up with norway , denmark and finland , because we have about the same views on things , but it 's still difficult to make a union - even considering the similarities . 
  a european federation ? 
  not going to happen . 
  also , if we 're a federation , does that mean the king will be abolished ? 
  that 's a thing swedes would hate . 
   al right , then those unions will decide whether siesta is possible or not . 
  yeah right . 
  unions love to abuse their power as much as possible . 
   where does this come from ? 
  how does a federation suddenly cause an increase in swedish people wanting siesta ? 
  if the eu federalises , the amount of people in sweden wanting to have siesta will not change . 
  it will remain exactly the same as it is now . 
  we have different systems which all countries deem superior . 
  changing them would require a compromise , which is difficult to make and will probably make it worse for the citizens . 
   you 're not answering the question . 
  is the siesta a big problem in sweden right now ? 
  no , but if it 's a right to have siestas it would be a big problem . 
   this is so stupid . 
  i ca n't help but facepalm . 
  the siesta bit or wanting to be a country ? 
   no , in a federation there can be different laws between regions . 
  so what are federations for ? 
  just same fiscal policies ? 
  perhaps an army or two ?
