  i did n't mean it in the sense of actually being mentally challenged , just that they were murderous cunts . 
  but sure , they would be vulnerable , but then you would not give them the same freedom like the rest . 
  sure , but you do n't need to be extreme right to believe that a proper background check and declining people is a good thing . 
  you 're trying to compare very different things which makes your comparison awkwardly stupid . 
   why ? 
  because it 's illegal to smoke weed and if he 's a guest in the country he 's going to follow the rules just like everybody else . 
  i expect everyone to just switch sides soon . 
  sd being for gay rights and the left being against gay rights . 
   why would n't you want to be part of nato ? 
  political reasons . 
  we ca n't claim neutrality as easily and we 're expected to join military operations . 
  besides natos past is n't the brightest . 
   when you look at what happened in the ukraine do n't you feel there 's pretty much a nato line that the russians ca n't / wo n't cross and that you should be part of it ? 
  why do you think russia would even try to invade sweden ? 
  i disagree with the nato line . 
  if russia tried to invade sweden even if sweden is n't a part of nato , the member countries would still help . 
  it is . 
  they 're twisting the words for their agenda . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  so in conclusion , yes . 
   as long as it 's not intended to be a caricature of africans , then what is the problem ? 
  apparently some people got dibs on some colours because they 're included in their appearance . 
  as he said , criminals are criminal by choice . 
  they get criminal because they want to be feared , be respected and more money . 
  i doubt eu want to get involved with sweden 's stupidity . 
  business visas , to make it clear . 
  it 's being abused to the maximum and arbetsf\u00f6rmedlingen even supports it . 
  dumbest thing i 've heard this year . 
  the line is very arbitrary , but i would n't call someone fluent who does n't know what a spatula . 
  it 's a very basic word . 
  if you argue that vocabulary is irrelevent or of little importance of fluency then how would you define a fluent speaker ? 
  there is obviously a major difference between someone who can pronounce and know what a spatula is and someone who does n't know and ca n't . 
   do you have a source for your claim ? 
  except for my mates no . 
   i 've never met someone below the age of 60 who is n't fluent in english . 
  then you have n't met a lot of people . 
  i would n't even say that 15 % of swedes are fluent in english . 
  there are a lot of seemingly trivial words that we never learn in school or online for that matter . 
  if you go to usa or gb you 'll hear words you 're not familiar with at all . 
  there 's a big difference between proficient and fluent . 
  knowing how to say `` the shop is just down the street to your right '' is not the same as being conversational . 
  killing everyone to saving everyone . 
   so either they asked too many young people or we are boasting quite a lot probably a mix of both . 
  the swedish figure is highly oversaturated aswell . 
  there is actually an astonishing figure of youths who does n't speak english very well . 
  another thing is that english speakers are often more centralised in the bigger cities , which makes the map seem kind of wrong . 
  i 'd suspect that the further out on rural parts of the country , the less english speakers you have . 
  also , there is a big difference between between being able to speak and write english , some can write flawlessly but ca n't pronounce simple words . 
  field day in denmark ? 
  well ... 
  i feel sorry for the danes , it 's not their fault they 're born with a potato in their mouth . 
  we should liberate them from their evil curse , but then we 'll end up maybe understanding the danes ... 
  seeing as they have n't been able to communicate for centuries we do n't know what caveman technology they posess . 
  they might be discover fire soon enough , then maybe be able to build simple huts . 
  in a hundred years they might even discover maths . 
  italian style pizzas ( with thin crust ) generally suck . 
  i 'd take anything but the pizza . 
  there are different aspects . 
  at my martial arts school i train with military and the police force and sometimes they like to teach street self defence and techniques . 
  sure * some * schools may purely be for sports , but i 've talked with a few other guys and their respective schools have also some form of self-defence programme or classes . 
  no he said that `` martial arts are n't real '' . 
  that makes no sense , of course it 's real . 
  i am calling out on his bullshit that you can not defend yourself if you do not have a weapon , which you most certainly can . 
  you 're comparing apples to pears . 
  self defence and ability to escape a situation are completely different things . 
  there are situations where you simply can not escape and where self defence is needed . 
  it 's a last resort yes , but saying `` just run away/just walk away/just leave '' etc is just a gross simplification . 
   martial arts are n't real or effective forms of self defense . 
  why do you believe so ? 
   if anyone is curious , there is an older swedish spelling of kung , `` konung '' . 
  the `` o '' is pronounced like the `` ou '' in course !, 
  there is also `` knug '' . 
  sweden , norway , finland , drunkmark , same shit different name . 
  finally !, 
  well ... from a social perspective it is , but from a biological perspective humans are sexually mature enough to copulate at that age . 
  most of sweden is that cold if not colder . 
  -20 c is just a ~ ~ regular ~ ~ warm winter . 
  i like you . 
  what 's the difference between `` racist hate crime '' and `` hate crime '' ? 
  h\u00e5kan lans is a great example of people who have had his inventions stolen and then demanded to pay for the court costs etc. 
  the only reason why the companies ( compaq , dell and hp ) he sued won was because his attorney sued in the wrong name . 
  they sued in h\u00e5kan 's personal name instead of his company 's name ( which held the patent the companies infringed on ) . 
  was maybe . 
  currently i do believe it 's sweden when you count nominal . 
   well if we 're going to play that game , they 're also highly overrepresented in education , charity , and everything else . 
  i 'm going to need a source on your bullshit because according to what i 've read they are not at all , in fact they 're underrepresented in higher education . 
  it 's misleading if you contribute poverty to one of the root factors commiting violent crimes . 
  poor people generally commit more crimes because they have more free time . 
  there is n't a financial reason to why they commit more violent crimes . 
  you could just aswell point out that unemployed people commit more violent crimes . 
   what do you want to tell me with that ? 
  because people can usually relate to the `` white trash '' neighbourhoods and poor neighbourhoods in us that they 've seen on cops or whatever . 
   germany is not that very different from sweden i would wager . 
  it is very different . 
  while sweden has a tax rate of 31 % up to 60 % if you 're rich , german taxes goes from 14 % to 45 % . 
  the nominal tax rate in sweden is much higher and therefore we have more money to spend on eg . 
  support for the poor . 
   also even tho the poor people of sweden are less poor than poor americans , poor people just generally commit more crimes and pensioners generally commit less crime . 
  my point is that `` being poor '' in sweden is n't really being poor at all compared to other countries . 
  you have free healthcare , means of study etc while getting money from the government for housing , being unemployed etc.
