   theoretically , if i robbed a bank in norway , would i get to live in this luxurious prison ? 
  probably . 
  there are different tiers of prisons though . 
  robbery ends up at a high securty prison and non-violent crimes in low security prisons . 
  the nordic countries take great care when it comes to human rights . 
  just because they are in a prison does n't mean they are n't human , and they still deserve so kind of confort so when they get back into the society they wo n't seek terrible vengenace . 
  if you want to know wether the system is flawed : yes , yes it is . 
  if you rob a bank in sweden as a foreigner , it 'll still be difficult to deport you if you throw away your id and stuff . 
  once you 're released you 'll probably recieve grants and an apartment for living until they 've sorted out the issues . 
  so how do we go about this ? 
  sacrifice him to odin or loke ? 
   european states need to be so intwined with each other economically that it will be economic suicide to go to war against each other . 
  wars are n't just for economical gains , but also and mostly because different people hate different people . 
   that 's a common problem . 
  it 's the same in denmark . 
  there 's never enough doctors . 
  for the right price . 
  in sweden we need more nurses and doctors , but there is n't a shortage , they just do n't want to pay them better , so therefore they just say there 's a shortage -  more people become doctors -  lower wages . 
   i thought you just said that 54 % of moderates disagree with their pro-immigration policies ? 
  yes they do , but generally moderates would love that . 
  moderates are kapitalists and usually have high paying jobs within the private sector . 
  socialists love competition between corporations and moderates love competition between workers . 
  sd are n't moderates . 
  sd are at most central in their politics , they want better welfare which moderates do not . 
  economically they 're not very similar . 
  also it does n't even make any sense that moderates are against massive immigration as it lowers wages and worsen the rights of workers . 
  i 'm confused by the statistics . 
  could not compute , lacked / s, 
   i feel uncomfortable with articles showing that there are stupid things in nordic countries . 
   this is nothing but anti-nordic propaganda . 
  perhaps its your view of the nordic that 's twisted ? 
  no country is a utopia as much as people want it to be . 
  i believe most people in the world has full or partial names of their home country . 
  it would still be an issue for swedes , danes , norwegians etc. 
   i 'd understand if you want to give your child a fucked up name for the sake of it , but surely the dad bringing his passport in should make the name acceptable . 
  then the dad could have his weird name approved in some weird law in another country . 
   brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116 for those having trouble pronouncing it , it pronounces `` albin '' . 
  just a guess , it 'll be heavily concentrated in the us . 
   this is why they \u00b4 re so afraid of sd . 
  i do n't make the connection . 
  please elaborate . 
   honestly i 'm starting to believe that the reason they grant this many asylums is to get more people willing to accept lower wages than they would have else . 
  i too believe this , but it does n't make sense when socialists agree with this . 
  also a recent study said that 53 % of moderates are against the current immigration policies . 
  exteme lefts agree with moderates and extreme rights agree with socialists . 
  it 's kind of funny to think about it and makes the old left-right scale a bit out of date . 
   it seems like what economists and politicians fear most is an increase in wages , what they want is a stagnated income rise . 
  well economists know better than to think that low wages are good for the society . 
  politicians on the other hand ... 
  they would n't even notice a horse if it bit them on the shoulder . 
   what 's more i do n't see the moral superiority in taking north africa 's most motivated people that took the easy route out to another country rather than stay and reform their own . 
  well the people who are morally superior in this matter rarely thinks , they just want to let everyone know that they 're above everyone else which is hilarious because that 's a thing they claim to fight against . 
  recently in sweden the `` fairness agency '' , an agency to fight racism and discrimination discriminated against white cis-men purely because they are white and identify themselves as male . 
  they themselves do n't realise this because they 're too occupied with fighting `` racism and discrimination '' that they see every white cis-man as a threat , and therefore discriminate against them . 
  but hey , as long as you have the moral highground then you 're obviously superior in every way and anyone who says otherwise is just an idiot , right ? 
  not exactly the demographic of the scandinavian countries . 
  very few people are complaining about immigration from eu countries except for wage dumps . 
  i 'd say that chinese , nigerians , pakistanis , indians and brazilians are better to adapt to the society rather than mena countries . 
   but as in we do n't have the resources . 
  actually we do , but we heavily cripple our welfare system . 
  other parts such as hospitals , schools , elderly care etc suffer , but technically , we do have resources for those refugees . 
  so you want us to feed and house them ? 
  from which countries do the majority of the immigrants come from in ireland ? 
   you can stop paying taxes , you can disobey the government . 
  this is among the worst things they can do . 
  there are laws to pay taxes and not riot and for good reason . 
  if we go deeper we 'll see that it 's not just living species , all things are made up of atoms and therefore related . 
  well no shit i 've indentified the causes . 
  solutions usually include a slow process which everyone get so pissed off about . 
  any radical changes lead to disidence and exclusion . 
  parallell societies are made when people do n't like eachother . 
  religion and cultural beliefs are part of conflicts . 
  egoism is also a part of conflicts . 
  however what you do n't realize is that hundred of thousands are poor in europe , and bringing on more is n't gon na solve that ( if you thought about this a step further it 's actually going to worsen the issue ) . 
  the europeans cost more to feed and house . 
  the best we can do for mena countries is help the people decide that they want a proper government , aid them in efforts to impliment votations and rights . 
  a 9m population of sweden is n't going to do much for india as a whole , but if you increase the rights and will of the people as proper . 
  people are already working on solutions to bring in clean water and proper food , that is the priority . 
  people who flee and are refugees already have clean water and proper food by the way . 
  90 % of the asylum seekers in sweden are n't refugees , and that 's a problem . 
  who needs help most urgent ? 
  those who scream and yell or those who are too quiet ? 
   what , you think china is cheap because the economy works in a different way there ? 
  they have different policies . 
  companies mainly abuse chinese , indian , nepalian , vietnamese workers . 
  they are much worse off than the immigrants who try to immigrade into europe . 
   please do n't talk about numbers you are not able to prove , or problems you are not able to solve . 
  you 're funny . 
  there are 51.2 m refugees in the world , and apple alone hires between 1-2 million workers to make your precious iphone so you can buy it as cheap as possible . 
  their environment and security is as low as it can be . 
   we also seem to be taking different viewpoints on immigration . 
  all you are able to see are the effects , and all i 'm able to see are the causes . 
  what are the causes ? 
  am i involved in the causes ? 
  the causes are conflicts . 
  in mena countries it 's mainly dictatorship and religion . 
  these regions are n't poor out of nothing . 
  iraq has plenty of oil but iraquies are still poor . 
  dictators do n't care about their population and the population does n't know they can get it better . 
  a lot of people with conservative values immigrate to europe and still hold on to their beliefs .
