  moreover , people who are from for instance spain , great britain or germay are usually not illegal immigrants . 
  people from japan , south korea and china are also usually not illegal immigrants , same with usa and australia . 
  the illegal immigrants are usually people from 3rd world countries which are poor . 
  people in those countries have a darker skin colour and have names such as muhammed . 
  it 's not really controversial but people like to make it so anyway . 
  the police are n't targeting people with those names or skin colours , it 's just that it 's almost unnecessary to check anders danielsson on the subway , rather than ali al-bakrid . 
  ali is n't a swedish name , so the odds of him being an illegal immigrant is higher than anders , especially if you know that people with those names have been in the past , unlike anders . 
  people want to be pk and say that `` well anyone can be an illegal immigrant '' when in reality that 's not the case . 
  because the people are actors . 
  he 's trying to make a point or something . 
  he says `` svennar '' which is a rather negative term for swedes . 
  he does n't say `` white people '' at all . 
  meatballs and potatoes with lingonberry jam and brown sauce . 
  in and around the city where dreamhack happens . 
  enjoy !, 
  ... nazis has done both religious and ethnic cleansing in the past . 
  why do you think they 're unable to do so now ? 
  just because it 's not exactly popular with nazism right now , they are under heavy surveillance . 
  just do the same with is members . 
  they do n't have the numbers required to start wars in europe . 
   oh , how many europeans have the neo-nazis beheaded in the last month ? 
  are you joking ? 
  nazis kill people every year because of ideological differences and racism . 
  they threaten people and cause overall disturbance . 
  they discriminate and the list goes on . 
  just because they do n't specifically behead someone does n't mean they are n't a threat to the civil population . 
  there is a difference between war and peace . 
  is is n't warring in europe , yet . 
   and about nazis/neo-nazis difference - one are manageable , others were not . 
  neo-nazis are nazis , there is no difference . 
   that this is why i said deportation or detention is the option . 
  how are you gon na deport someone who is a german citizen for instance ? 
  they have no other nationality . 
  even if you made them stateless ( something seen as very cruel and inhumane ) , then what ? 
  they 'll go to is and kill people . 
  compared to is ? 
  i 'd say nazis are as much of a threat to europe as is is . 
  same with radical communists . 
  as far as i remember anyone who did n't fight nazis with bullets was feed bullets . 
  what ? 
   but their punishment should be as harsh as law allows . 
  agreed , but we do n't have a law which would allow to murder them in europe . 
  we 're not murdering nazis today so why murder is members ? 
  obviously punishments are in order but murdering them outright is not the way to go . 
  i am against all forms of radicalism but murdering for ideology is not the way to go . 
  of course punishment is in order , but murdering them because of their ideology is not the way to go . 
  there is no war in europe as there is in syria and iraq . 
  it 's the same thing as nazis , you ca n't murder nazis because they want to kill jews or make a third reich . 
  what you can do is keep a very close eye on them and prevent them from doing anything and punish them if they do . 
  if we start murdering people for ideology then we 're going down a horrible path , no matter what horrible ideology it is . 
  so you 're for murdering people ? 
   sweden is completely insane when it comes to its policy we 're on the forefront of everything . 
  just be a nice little citizen and let big brother take it from here , they know what 's right and wrong . 
  i wonder if we 'll get a reelection . 
   do you happen to know why that criteria was put in place ? 
  someone over at sweddit said it was because to make it readible . 
   they do but everyone is fluent in english . 
  that 's an absurd statement . 
  having a good proficiency and being fluent is not the same thing . 
  if you 'd ask a norwegian how to say laks in english that would probably need a translator . 
   sd is a racist party , and you cant fool anyone that actually lives in sweden . 
  i dislike sd and disagree with 90 % of their major policies , however what other option is there if you think the current rate of immigration is a major concern ? 
   it might be that this is a party that has had controvery after controversy over how crazily racist they are . 
  this has happend even for the lefts aswell , just they do n't blow it up so much as they do with sd . 
   that \u00b4 s ridiculous , you know that is not true . 
  they are , or at least try to convince people they 're in some way `` enemies of the people/freedom '' . 
  [ it 's not something to discuss , they 're nazis . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_the_swedes ) i agree that talk about sd being nazis is walking on very thin ice ( they 're not ) , but it 's a whole other story about svp . 
  i really like [ this caricature ] ( http://somedbirger.matteusskolan.com/wp-content/uploads//2014/03/66ee57f5df503463a9ade56f17474ffbf4afffd1.jpg ) of quisling . 
  a translation for non swedish speakers : visit to hitler and invasion worry at hitler 's . 
  `` i am quisling ! '', 
  `` and your name ? '', 
  the project was to show prejudice towards people who are not the norm of the society . 
  it 's litterally trying to put yourself in others shoes so you can better understand how they feel . 
  also somehow the only thing bothering you was `` blackface '' when black people painted their face white too . 
  you clearly distinguish people based off their colour which is such an irony of what you try to portray yourself as . 
  are you perhaps a racist ? 
  a bagel is a bagel , what 's your reasoning behind that it 's racist ? 
  there must be some form of harm or that it 's degrading in some way . 
   i am a swede , i deem it racist do you have a reason ? 
  tl ; dr : which party can cut the welfare the most ? 
  politics in sweden is currently a clown show . 
  moderates wants to raise taxes and social democrates wants to destroy the scandinavian model . 
  apparntly a responsible economy is too much to ask for these days . 
  of all parties , there is only one ( out of 8 ) who wants to reduce the immigration flow , and people are surprised that others are looking their way . 
  it probably did n't happen , like most of these type of cases . 
  as you pointed out there are a lot of factors that just does n't make any sense . 
   we reject the vast majority of asylum seekers . 
  no ... we reject the majority of the asylum seekers but not vast majority . 
  the majority is around 50-60 % in this context , so a lot of those who apply still get to stay , so even saying `` majority '' is still skewed because it 's still more than any other country in europe , including germany which is like 10x larger . 
  the migration department has also been under a lot of attacks because of this . 
   you 'd have to deal with neighboring countries of syria and iraq to develop an infrastructure that can sustain that kind of populace . 
  that 's why we should not stop the aid going there . 
  we should help these neighboring countries with the refugees as much as possible . 
   because those countries do n't even have the infrastructure to begin developing a system to take in refugees . 
  and they probably wo n't do that any time soon due to the middle east being in constant turmoil these days . 
  so are you saying it 's best to take these refugees to sweden rather than ohh say khazahkstan ? 
  these countries need to be built up and not left to crumble like these idiotic policies do . 
  sweden is furthest away from middle east and you say that it 's a good option ? 
  no , that lacks reality .
