  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmuzrhwmkmu ), 
   i 'd be happy if they just banned reporting immigration/refugee issues in / r/europe i 'm sure you would , because any opinion other than yours is worthless and uncivilized ? 
  some swedes believe that helping others is more important than taking care of yourself . 
  also some swedes have a fucked up view of the rest of the world . 
  they believe everyone are miserable and live in constant poverty . 
  the only problem is that they can not comprehend the consequences . 
  they 're typically born middle to upper-middle with caring parents who pay everything for them . 
   if low-births is the problem , maybe you should think about investing all that immigration money into supporting parenthood and stimulating having children . 
  birth rates are n't a massive problem like in japan . 
  we have among the best parental leave systems in the world and we spend a lot of money to raise families . 
  going in on racial ideologies is far fetched . 
  a lot of `` races '' has the attributes contributed to `` nords '' . 
  nothing states that these are in any way superior of any other attributes . 
  a funny thing in the example picture is a nord wearing glasses , even though nords are supposed to have sharp eyes . 
  going on genetics , humans are constantly becoming more beautiful and healthier all over the world . 
  the only difference is where you live , not which race you are . 
  so yeah , the idea of a `` master race '' is silly . 
   what went wrong ? 
  the ideology was flawed big time . 
   i agree , it is strange . 
  it is , however sweden is special in this case . 
  people here have n't experienced poverty or war in the same way their parents has . 
  the supporters of open borders and extreme left environments , anarchists etc are well off , getting everything paid for by their parents . 
  social media enables them to label anyone who disagrees as a racist which is a deterrant . 
  people here actually believe that everyone can live in harmony as long as `` we take care of eachother '' which is not quite how it works . 
   opposition to lax regulations on movement of labour ( i.e. 
  immigration ) has always been portrayed as a keynesian/left-wing thing . 
  it still is . 
  the biggest party ( social democrates ) are waiting for the wind to turn over against immigration before they say they 're for reduced immigration and such . 
  the thing that 's really strange is how all of the media , which are n't extreme lefts , are extreme pro-immigration and i even saw a video clip where journalists discussed a collusion for not reporting crimes commited by immigrants . 
   the centre right coalition supports it because immigration pushes down labour costs by making competition for wages to go to bottom . 
  you know , i would believe this too , because it makes perfect sense , but apparently a study was made that said 53 % of moderates disagree with the current immigration politics . 
  that is kind of weird , like that 've tasted the effects of what a multicultural society will lead to . 
   the left supports it because their full of sjw . 
  extreme left . 
  they are extreme left . 
  social democrates are quietly against immigration but they do n't want to speak about it because people love to throw out the word racist at anything that moves . 
   they even passed a law recently where people could be fined for saying bad things about immigration . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeally ? 
  source on that please . 
   seriously what are they thinking ? 
  thinking ? 
  come on , that is such an inhumane thing to do !, 
  no but serious they are n't thinking . 
   sure , we need labour force , but this is not the way to go about acquiring it . 
  this is a half truth . 
  we need experienced and educated workforce . 
  that means doctors , engineers , economists etc. 
  extremely few from these countries are educated and experienced enough to come and work here , and even then there is a huge language barrier . 
  immigration from for instance china is n't even looked at because they are educated and they can integrate into the society perfectly . 
  lol ? 
  are you serious or are you being extremely sarcastic ? 
  it 's not an argument . 
  seriously this is terrible for the economy of sweden . 
  this will only lead to a worse society for the swedes and we 'll offer the ones in the refugee camps less and less help . 
  swedes will only resent the immigrants more and more until something is done , and if we get it the way sd or svp wants it to be the immigrants are screwed . 
   helping people fleeing horrific situations like war , how dare they do that ?!, 
  do you want to have them ? 
  because if you like to help people so badly , then why do n't you go ahead and house and provide for them ? 
  i agree that it might be a little too extreme , but it 's not further off than saying sweden is left leaning . 
   on a similar note , who ever decided that sweden was about as right-leaning as obama ? 
  how did sweden ever get a 7.5 on a scale of -10 to 10 ? 
  sweden is pretty right leaning . 
  we have a moderate ruling party for instance . 
  it 's just the media who are left leaning . 
  the people on the other hand are probably left , but that is n't really represented in politics . 
  interesting , so where does russia stand in this ? 
  officially i assume they take no part but what has been observed ? 
  also , that wall reminds me of some form of curtain ... 
   i do n't think it 's just cultural i know it 's a cultural thing in italy that you do n't move out until you marry . 
  but i think in this case there is a mix between culture and bad economy . 
  it 's 2014 and you still link 240p garbage . 
  [ for all those who require hd . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guwvktzptk4 ), 
  within 5 years is reasonablem , however it will probably not burst since houses are important . 
   my bet is around 5 years more then boom bubble burst doubt the bubble will burst . 
  people know about this issue and the big problem is the building law . 
   the government says that the ban , which would impose economical fines and up to three months in prison , intends to tackle high rates of pickpocketing . 
  the irony of imposing fines for begging . 
  anyhow i hope this helps fight the beggars who abuses the goodwill of others to get an iphone or whatever . 
  norway , sweden etc has enough laws to make sure none goes hungry or homeless . 
  we even give lifetime grants to immigrants who commit crimes , gets sent to prison and then are supposed to be deported but they threw away their identifications . 
   everyone gets a shelter and enough money to live . 
  in germany it 's called hartz 4 and it 's financed by the tax payer . 
  why should i give beggars money when they can just go and get their money from the state ? 
  i agree completely however people love call others immoral if they want to do this exactly because `` the beggers will still be poor '' or `` are n't citizens and therefore sorry for them '' . 
  it 's bullshit all the way around . 
  begging solves nothing . 
   what makes you think they would take them ? 
  in this case they do n't even fight for a state , rather against it . 
  it 's difficult to know that they 're going to commit jihad so we might aswell just let them do it and then lock them out . 
  yeah , they even fight against a state . 
   that is already a problem with immigrants / asylum seekers that just throw their passport away so they ca n't be deported after commiting a crime . 
  yes . 
  they should be punished harder . 
   revoking their citizenship if they do n't have another one is incredibly cruel , but in some cases you could probably argue that those people deserve it . 
  there are tons of people who consider themselves country-less . 
  they 've revoked their  my main gripe with this is that i ca n't really think of a way to frame a law with a penalty this severe ( in fact more severe than any other penalties in western europe ) in an appropriate way . 
  so you 're saying it 's impossible to create laws which only punishes the ones who actually do the bad stuff ? 
  are you a lawyer or are you just speculating ?
