  you 're saying that an entire party is run by a select few people who do stupid things . 
   i read today that many swedes , norwegians and danes are paid to go to college . 
  we have a grant which is at around 1050kr per month . 
  this up to the equivalent of high school plus one year . 
  when we study at the university or the equivalent of college we can receive a small grant which is at around 2800kr/month , and we can borrow money with extremely good terms ( low to no interest , can pay it anytime etc ) . 
   that is unfathomable in the us , where you can easily rack up six digit debt . 
  while we do receive grants which will support us unless we live at home , all schools are completely free . 
  the only debt we rack up is the cost of living . 
   so tell me , what are some of the negative things i may not hear about ? 
  about the schools ? 
  some have terrible food . 
  too much focus is laid on the marks instead of actually learning , but i assume it 's like that in every country . 
   i never said they went around beating people . 
  so you 're saying `` so the two party top dogs running around stockholm insulting people and menacing people with blunt objects ... '' does n't imply that ? 
   regardless , a political party is n't made up of it 's policies , but of it 's people and it 's the people within the party that ultimately determine the shape and face of the party . 
  you ca n't judge an entire party off 2 members . 
  this is the same reason you ca n't say f !, 
  are dumb because gudrun or m because of bea . 
  the policies decide wether the party is right or left , wether its authoritarian or liberarian , not the people in the party . 
   sd , unfortunately , has had a ton of similar stories about them . 
  as does any party . 
   since then , they 've gone hard economic-right far beyond what their policies implied they 'd do , and many of the more educated voters in australia knew they would do that because of the people in the leadership of the party . 
  so is it the economic right which is at fault or the incompetence of the government ? 
   so the two party top dogs running around stockholm insulting people and menacing people with blunt objects was n't an example of how the party is extreme ? 
  the policies of the party is not represented by crazy idiots in the party . 
  if you want to look at stupid things we have all from bea ask to gudrun schyman . 
  also i explained this earlier , but expressed made it a sensationalist story , while in reality they armed themselves because people threatened them with being part of a gang . 
  they also got called demeaning things such as riksmongon . 
  i am in no way defending the idiots who did it , but saying its all black and white and that they go around beating people up is entirely wrong . 
  many cultures has this mindset . 
  `` respect = afraid '' mentality is the reason why these people never are going to set the frontier of mankind . 
   i like how they linked hate crimes against jews with hate crimes against immigrants even though the immigrants are the ones assaulting the jews . 
  the real kicker is that sweden would probably be called racists even more if they said the immigrants does it . 
  `` ohh no , a person from quatar thinks that my nation is racist , i must do something ! '', 
  attitude is quite pathetic . 
  definition of a straw man :  the so-called typical `` attacking a straw man '' implies an adversarial , polemic , or combative debate , and creates the illusion of having completely refuted or defeated an opponent 's proposition by covertly replacing it with a different proposition ( i.e. , `` stand up a straw man '' ) and then to refute or defeat that false argument ( `` knock down a straw man '' ) instead of the original proposition . 
  what i said :  sd is arguably less extreme than fn though . 
  what you replied with :  i do n't think that fn has had their justice spokesperson and finance spokesperson ( both mps ) run around paris threatening people with blunt objects . 
  nor does fn have it 's origins in a french neo-nazi movement . 
  that 's a typical straw man argument . 
  you never once refuted my point in the party being extreme . 
   i was n't claiming they were a nazi party , i was disagreeing with you that they were less extreme than fn as i said , stop doing straw man arguments . 
  all you said was that sd has roots in nazism which fn does n't . 
  this is n't the same thing as the policies they try to impliment . 
  fn has more extreme policies . 
  ohh , i took the statistics as a percentage of the population . 
  france and the uk come just under and there are more travelling from uk and france than belgium for instance . 
  [ i found a quick source , but not the one i used though . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtoninstitute.org/policy-analysis/view/up-to-11000-foreign-fighters-in-syria-steep-rise-among-western-europeans ), 
   i 've heard less from the fn , but i do n't think that fn has had their justice spokesperson and finance spokesperson ( both mps ) run around paris threatening people with blunt objects . 
  while still bad , it was sensationalist newsreporting . 
  expressen got criticized for being extremely biased in their reporting . 
  they armed themselves with pipes because they were threatened by people who themselves said they were part of a gang . 
   nor does fn have it 's origins in a french neo-nazi movement . 
  the left has roots in communism and their youths are active anarchists . 
  sd has a few people who say a few racist things . 
  they are n't a nazi party anymore ( and have n't been for 20 years ) even though they are christian nationalists . 
  you should look at what they have to say instead of go all straw man om them . 
  top 6 countries : belgium : 11 million habitants and 27 personer per million travels to jihad -  297 denmark : 5.6 million habitants and 15 personer per million to jihad -  84 the nederl\u00e4nderna : 16.8 million habitants and 9 per million to jihad -  151 sweden : 9.6 million habitants and 9 per million to jihad -  86 norway : 5.1 million habitants and 8 per million to jihad -  40 austria : 8.5 million habitants and 7 per million to jihad -  60 in total : 718 persons . 
  sd is arguably less extreme than fn though . 
  i 'm starting to get so pissed off at that statement . 
  what right do they have to complain about swedes being white ? 
  who are the true racists if they have a problem with that ? 
  i never said no kids so do n't assume we wo n't have a younger population . 
  however the current trend is higher educated workforce and less jobs . 
  this means a bigger population devoted to infrastructure and far less from financial economics for instance . 
  as technology moves on the social aspect of humans will also move on . 
   what 's wrong with support protectionist policies ? 
  it makes sure that labor does n't get outsourced to india and china . 
  which means higher prices . 
  this is a win-win for both india/china and the world , while perhaps not a true win for the slave wages the citizens endure . 
   as for abortion , it only makes sense . 
  europeans have the lowest birth rates on earth , and we need to start having more children . 
  i do n't even think i support getting rid of abortion , but if i knew getting rid of abortion would significantly increase our birth rates , i would do it in a heartbeat . 
  the solution to the rapid world population growth is n't more kids , it 's less kids . 
  europe is on the right track , but we also need the rest of the world to be on the right track . 
  i do n't think death penalty should be part of any society , but then again i do n't think death should be either . 
  i can just say that its france 's economic loss because they want to regulate tariff , they oppose abortion and regulate imports tougher ( more expensive ) . 
  death penalty . 
   if i were from france , i 'd vote for national front . 
  why ? 
  you must remember those other stupid laws they want to impose , and not just get out of the eu and stop mena immigration . 
  the eritrean propganda fuels the citizens into forced conscription and the threat of another ethiopian invasion . 
  [ their conflict is far from over . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eritrean%e2%80%93ethiopian_war#continuing_border_conflicts ), 
   but no one is saying `` we should send them back '' . 
  err ... are you being serious ? 
  right winged parties do want that but it 's too politically incorrect to say and they instead say they `` want them to intigrate '' or as more right as you go , it becomes `` assimilate '' ( well almost all right winged parties , nazis are more open about their `` pure ethnic country '' ) . 
  sweden is the country which takes in most immigrants per capita and we need to support the majority of them , especially the ones from mena countries . 
  even mentioning that the sweden democrates has a point instantly gets you laballed as a racist . 
  wow ... 
  these bastards are twisted and lack brains . 
   h has had his name suppressed under court order due to his `` intellectual and mental disabilities '' i 'm surprised only one was , everyone of them seems to have intellectual and mental disabilities . 
   conservative commentators such as miranda devine categorised the crimes as racially motivated hate crimes . 
  why did the court not do that ? 
  call it for what it is . 
  hate * check * violence * check * misologny * check * racists * check * threats * check * thanks for the link by the way . 
   and is happening in eritrea ( never heard of this country before ) that make them flee in those numbers all of a sudden ? 
  war with ethiopia . 
  they have forced conscription from age 18 iirc and they spend a large portion of their gdp on their military ( around 20 % ) .
