  sweden is also one of the most expensive places on earth which means a strained economy and higher tax pressure . 
  if you want these countries to go anywhere and not succumb to the evil that has grown there you should not say that braindrain is good , it 's what dooms these countries from the start . 
   so there are to a of obstacles that the region has to overcome before they can even start building a functioning immigration process . 
  not really , fighting does n't happend in all of middle east and there are plenty of safer places to start building . 
   there are a lot of things involved , housing , citizenship , food , clothes , and the prospect of a job . 
  we need to aid the development of these things , it 's both cheaper and more humane than our current policies . 
   these are all thing that sweden can take care of , though not in an unlimited fashion , of course . 
  we 've already breached the threshhold of what is possible . 
  what comes next is just to lower the quality in every manner possible . 
  we ca n't take in more refugees and immigrants without seriously harming the economy and welfare system . 
  although i 'm a bit curious , how many more do you think we have room to take in before enough is enough ? 
   tl ; dr we have the system and infrastructure to sustain this , they do n't even have a functioning state to begin developing a system that can handle the infrastructure of starting an immigration process . 
  this is false , you forget that there are more countries in the middle east than iraq and syria . 
  there are also very few reasons why we should take in people from somalia and eritrea . 
   welp , i guess we bring the wrong kind of immigrants yeah , i get the reasons that immigrants are good and they are when they have work , when they adapt to the culture and generally behave , like most european , american and eastern asian immigrants do . 
  however the kind of immigration we get drains the treasury so much that we have to cut down on our own welfare so we can afford them , and it 'll just get worse in time . 
  being generous does n't take you far if you 're stupid . 
  i was wondering when the news was gon na hit to / r/europe . 
  i do n't see the government doing good in this election and sweden democrates will probably gain a few percentages off this . 
  a lot of common people are starting to look towards sd as a neutral option when it comes to politics , even those who disagrees with them the most . 
  a lot of people are tired of coming second , third or whatever place the parties want to put the citizens of their own country in . 
  it was actually funny that the ideological opponent of the alliance said that reinfeldt was `` brave '' to come forth and say that we must embrace the refugees . 
  i really hope this zealotry will end , so the government can get some sense and start prioritizing the citizens like a government should . 
  people in sweden wo n't care until it happends here . 
  had the stockholm bomber taken people with him sd would probably be bigger and it would n't be mostly politically incorrect to talk about these problems . 
  currently people seem to care more about forcing parental leave to be equally divided . 
  i smell a battle incoming ... 
   when the scandinavians stop referring to the uk as great britain ( storbritannien/storbritannia/similar variations ) maybe we can talk about dropping similar linguistic shortcuts in english ? 
  no when we say `` storbritannien '' we refer to the uk . 
  just because `` storbritannien '' litterally means `` great britain '' does n't mean that we mean great britain . 
  i doubt sweden would invade finland . 
  denmark however could use some v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd . 
  i think we have dibs on that one . 
  it 's the same thing in sweden . 
  i 'm digressing somewhat but we have people who recently moved here who has arguments of the past and they actually bring them here . 
  christian vs muslim , muslim vs jewish bullshit which no swede want here . 
  they label these people as `` swedes vs swedes '' when that could n't be further away from the truth . 
  it 's just annoying to have to explain it and then some random idiot is very quick to say `` well they are swedes . 
  they live in sweden and have citizenship '' . 
  well yeah but if they decide to bring arguments that `` jews are inherently evil '' into the picture then no , you are n't as swedish as other swedes . 
  there is a difference , and you can surely become a swede if you cut the bullshit . 
  well , until some other swede can supply better songs i 'll just go ahead and go with [ carola ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wns4nu-boc ) and [ herreys . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utfec_mrd-c ) actually i might aswell throw in some [ dota . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atjncwndub8 ), 
   * no sneakers ( unless you are excercising )  * no shorts , unless maybe you are in spain . 
  southern spain . 
  maybe . 
  why ? 
  so tell us , what can we do to help integrate more people ? 
  we 're actually giving a lot of them a place to stay , free education , a lot of grants and freedom of living in a western world . 
  do you not believe it 's up to the immigrants to adapt to the society rather than the society adapting to the immigrants ? 
  the thing is , there are a lot of different types of muslims , and some just refuse to integrate even with all of the chances given . 
  some just dispite western culture and honestly , that 's okay , but not if you want to live in a western society . 
  i 'm in . 
  nordic union and then union with baltics would be great . 
  small steps are best . 
  yeah sorry , i wrote in affect . 
  also profanity is unnecessary . 
  i 'm saying that the poverty and poor education is n't as bad as you make it out to be . 
  people are n't living on the streets begging for food and have actually right for grants and welfare . 
  they also recieve education for free . 
  again , your claim is just full of shit and lack reality . 
  muslims are n't behaving badly because of poverty or poor education and it 's a bullshit claim to make . 
   again , are you claiming that the netherlands has zero poverty and zero poor education ? 
  prove me otherwise . 
  please link articles which states that schools are fundamentally bad and that the muslims are suffering because of it . 
  also link to articles which states that muslims are living in poverty in the netherlands . 
  i claim that relative to the rest of the world they are not . 
  even grant takers in netherlands have more money than poles in poland with a job . 
  the school system in the netherlands is actually good . 
  according to oced they 're 9th best in the world which is above sweden . 
  also it 's not up to the netherlands to give them a better life , it 's up to themselves . 
  the netherlands can only do so much before it comes down to the individuals on how to pay back to the society . 
  of course not , because actually admitting your mistake would be so frustrating for you to do . 
  i was actually trying to help you and give you a way out but you 're just too stubborn to admit fault . 
  very well , be that way . 
  you 're claiming that poverty , rundown areas and poor education lead to extremism . 
  are you claiming the netherlands has a lot of poverty and poor education ? 
  if you could just see a little bit beyond that you would realize you 're full of shit . 
   most of these people turn into radicals and extremists because they 're from poor or rundown areas and have poor education . 
  was osama bin laden poor ? 
  somehow saudi arabia , one of the most oil rich countries in the world , is one of the most extreme in their ideology . 
   how the hell is this saying they all muslims the same thing ? 
  are you incapable of seeing oxymorons ? 
  you 're speaking against yourself . 
  you ca n't believe the same thing while not believing the same thing . 
  you 're claiming that every muslim believe in the same thing . 
  obviously this is n't true and i do n't know if you just used poor wording or if it was something else . 
  are you saying that every muslim has the same basis for their beliefs , or are you saying that the beliefs are the same ? 
   you realize not every muslim believes the exact same things and that the interpretations are widely different ? 
  are you actually implying that you believe in the same thing as isis ? 
  obviously lingua franca is important , but not being able to express yourself in your mother tongue is , weird to say the least . 
  by that logic one should just switch the language entirely so everyone can communicate . 
  i had to learn some terminology in latin , swedish and english when i studied , and while it was annoying it was necessary for me to continue with my studies in sweden . 
  all 3 were used but by far the least used was english . 
  sure it 's a bit frustrating when i know the terminology in swedish but not english but i 'd rather know it in swedish than english . 
  the best way as i see it is to teach courses in german and teach important terminology in english aswell as german . 
  we 're capitalists ? 
  geez thanks for telling me how the society is around here . 
  i must 've missed it somehow .
