  the public opinion is not in favour of a rightside party rule currently . 
  but yeah we 've had a lot of stupid privatization . 
   that 's the reason why i oppose big plants at all : either in government hands or private hands , they 're a concentration of power . 
  small renewable plants are distributed in ownership , and therefore the profits and the power are distributed too . 
  why would it be power in the hands of the government ? 
  they ca n't exactly threaten to shut it down . 
   other people will argue that it does n't like to be cost-efficient enough . 
  the main costs are building the plant . 
  it 's not worth cutting corners in this particular field . 
  while i do agree corruption could be prevelant , it most likely is n't to a large scale . 
   did you account for uranium mining then ? 
  yes . 
  uranium mines are very few compared to other types of mines . 
  one could argue it takes metal to build hydroelectric plants and windfarms , which is also mined . 
   and a lot of near misses , for example in the uk they 're also a reactor that they just had to cover up and let cool down , because they do n't know an alternative . 
  was anyone hurt and was there any fallout ? 
  i know us has had the majority of accidents ( around 60 % ) . 
   breeders etc. 
  have been under investigation ever since the beginning . 
  if we need 50 years to research the next , that makes it useless as a part of the energy supply . 
  do you have an article or is it purely speculation ? 
   the costs of caring for the cleanup - accidents or no accidents - are very fuzzy , and they 're shoved off to our descendants i 'm not sure what you refer to by `` cleanup '' but if you 're talking about waste , it 's not really a huge issue . 
   the fuels are subsidized by cold war budgets ( old nuclear weapons are being used up ) , we 're mining only 2/3 of what we consume , and the ores are getting progressively less rich , so they will become more expensive over time ... and they require a lot of heavy machinery , so the rising oil prices will make uranium more expensive too . 
  do you have a source ? 
   just like iter , the hadron collider is fundamental research . 
  worthwhile on its own , but it should not be confused with a contribution to energy production . 
  iter and lgc both research high energy particles . 
  this is nuclear research . 
   their predictions vary from 2050 to 2100 . 
  it 's a research experiment they 've had nuclear tests and they 're aiming to build a fully functional fusion reactor . 
  they 've already started building . 
   without giving a reason why , that amounts to plugging your ears and singing `` lala i ca n't hear you '' . 
  it usually just escalade but i see what you mean . 
  why i disagree is simply because i dislike ackumulative kapitalism . 
  if private people owned nuclear plants they would have a lot of power , which is best kept in the hands of the government . 
  wether that 's a good or a bad belief is not worthy of a discussion . 
   and people stay people , and cutting corners is always cheaper . 
  this is the main concern with a distributed ownership . 
  the state does n't like cutting corners as much as companies . 
   13 % of electricity ( less than renewables right now , by the way ) , about 3 % of total energy use . 
  yes , however if you include all of the windfarms and hydroelectric power etc they make up a lot of infrastructure which does n't really generate as much electricity as nuclear power by the area . 
  you can basically replace all of the hydroelectric powerplants in sweden ( around 1100 ) with just a few nuclear powerplants . 
  besides not all of the `` renewables '' are environmentally friendly . 
  every single one has a pro and a con . 
   they are n't infallible either and still have to deal with all the other problems . 
  nothing is . 
  but we have above 400 nuclear powerplants and we 've had two serious accidents , one 2011 because of a tsunami and one 1986 due to negligence . 
  that 's in my opinion not enough to decredit nuclear power as an energy source . 
   they had those already at that time . 
  point is that flying cars never became as common , cheap and reliable as predicted . 
  you can never tell which prediction will come true . 
  trusting that you specific pet prediction will , is folly . 
  saying nuclear power will be a part of the future is not an empty prediction , unlike flying cars . 
  besides flying cars might become common , cheap and reliable . 
  you 're making the same mistake yourself by discrediting them . 
   because we 're still nowhere after 50 years and more of lavish funding , and research requires ever more money for ever less result . 
  we 've plucked the low-hanging fruit , time to move on . 
  we 've only reserched one type of nuclear power because it can easily be weaponized . 
  [ wiki has a good article on nuclear power . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_power )  with unlimited budgets , sure . 
  but budgets are never unlimited , and policy needs priorities . 
  the majority of the costs are just building the plants and the fuels are actually quite cheap . 
  there is a lot to be researched in both fields . 
  what you 're saying is to basically shut down the hadron collider which is not a good idea . 
   good , so i can ignore the wild predictions about fusion energy in 2000 about possible gains in 2050 . 
  they 're made by qualified people . 
  they 're actually building a fusion reactor . 
   gas is not just used for energy or electricity and nothing of what you linked covers these applications . 
  are you thick ? 
  they clearly include all usage of gas . 
   and if you think industry needing a lot of gas is a `` ridiculous claim '' than you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  a lot of gas is relative . 
  obvious massive amounts are used but no where near what you try to make it sound like . 
  we 're nowhere dependant on gas from russia , infact , we do n't even use gas from russia . 
  the swedish gas comes from denmark . 
  you have n't even read my sources . 
  can you even read swedish ? 
   try actually reading the link you gave , it 's about energy generation only you 're funny . 
  first you said they were just about electricity and now only about energy . 
  i showed you a graph of electricity production and then an article on the total energy used in sweden . 
  gas only accounts for 3,5 % and is mainly used for industrial production . 
   not industrial applications . 
  please read the damn article . 
   and read the second link i gave , imports make up  90 % of all peat use . 
  quote the paper . 
   and while you 're at it read about gas and it 's uses and maybe you 'll understand why almost all industry needs it . 
  it 's used but not in big quantities like for instance nuclear power . 
  furthermore do you have any proof that the gas is russian ? 
  your ridiculous claim of  sweden does use gas , a lot of it lacks sources or proof . 
  edit : [ here 's a very straight forward q&a about the subject ] ( http://www.energigas.se/energigaser/faq/naturgas ), 
   it 's a more democratic distribution of power . 
  i disagree . 
   and somehow people will stop from being ever negligent from june 2014 onwards ? 
  the thing is that research and safety always goes forward . 
   that 's a whole lot considering only a fraction of our energy is being supplied by them , and every time that happens we lose a huge area for undeterminate time . 
  around 13 % including countries who does n't use nuclear power . 
  only 31 countries use nuclear power and use it half-assedly . 
  i 'd rather take nuclear power over fossile fuels . 
   not to mention that the countries who use it are the most advanced , so heaven help us if less advanced countries start doing it . 
  yes ...
