  that 's not how it works and it 's not that easy , which laws are we supposed to use ? 
  if they did something that is n't a crime in their home country but is one here should we deport them ? 
  how do you prove that someone actually committed murder aswell ? 
  the only ones who are convicted filmed or otherwise documented their killings . 
  how would you know if one is innocent ? 
  putting the host country 's people in danger is far worse than not taking in a couple of refugees . 
  also `` our protection '' does n't only mean we have to take them into our country . 
  it 's far cheaper to help on site to build the society back up again . 
  the reason why `` states '' like isis exists is because of the people who live there . 
   they deserve our protection interesting argument , why ? 
  and you clearly are n't biased at all . 
  the fact that you 're calling a sub racist and populist shows what twisted imagination you actually have . 
  i have no insight in lithuanian politics so i ca n't express myself on that matter , however i do know that similiar politics of sd would be considered centre-right in for instance the us . 
  you know that a fair amount of cities in sweden are `` small '' . 
  also do you know where they place the refugees and immigrants ? 
  certainly not in the big cities where the mp or m votes come from . 
  however i still do await the source of your claims . 
  sd politics is centre-right winged economics mixed with some hints of nationalism . 
  in the majority of the world 's countries nationalism is celebrated to a level . 
  the only reason why they 're considered `` far right '' is because of their past . 
   most of sds voters are from smaller towns and the countryside in general . 
  most of them have very little or no contact with refugees , or immigrants in general . 
  do you have any support for your claims ? 
   the reason people are unhappy might very well be in part because of de-industrialisation , factories shutting down and they loose their jobs and so on . 
  there is no heavy de-industrialisation going on . 
   but the people voting for sd still does n't have to be particularly correct , a lot of them have no clue about immigrants in todays sweden , most just hear about some problems from the media , if they happen to be right on this issue it 's mostly a coincidence . 
  it just sounds like you 're trying to besmirch the sd voters . 
  again , do you have any support for your claims or are you simply talking out of your ass ? 
  i know what his subjects are , but they 're irrelevent with sd . 
  obviously there will be people who are upset about anything , but they are n't a core group within sd . 
  saying that people vote for sd because of `` de-industrialisation '' is silly in my opinion . 
   you do n't think there are people in this country who are unhappy about the rural areas de-populating , the consequences of de-industrialisation or the death of the nuclear family ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
   you really need to start educating yourself on what leading sweden democrats like mattias karlsson actually believe . 
  i actually do n't . 
  why would i care what single politicans believe ? 
  i only care about what the party believes in . 
   because different people have differing views on what good actually is . 
  a nationalist or a conservative will have a very different view of the world than a liberal or a socialist . 
  in this country we 've spent the last 20-30 years pretending the first two do n't exist . 
  no they really do n't . 
  nationalist views and socialist ones are close , they differ far less than liberalism and socialism . 
  liberal views are unlike socialist ones , just look at usa . 
  also of course people have different opinions on what `` good '' is . 
  it all depends on your goal . 
  what goal does moderates have and what goals does socialists have ? 
  in 100 years , what would be considered stupidity and what would be considered `` truth '' ? 
  well i mean sure , you could also say that v are communists and that s are nazis . 
  olof palme was a highly regarded politican who would probably hold the same stance in immigration as current day sd . 
  it 's not the politics which dictates who they are apparently , it 's who the politicans are . 
  then again , you call them `` very nationalistic '' but then continue by saying that it 's extreme to call them fascist , which almost contradicts itself and makes little sense . 
  you know that every single party has its fair share of nuts right ? 
  saying that the party is x because some of its politcians are so makes very little sense . 
  in time the politicans who does n't represent the views of the majority of the party will disperse . 
  sd voters does n't really like the politicans anyway . 
  jimmie is one of the big reasons why sd gets votes other than their stance in immigration . 
  centre-right . 
  none of those things are any of what i said . 
  maybe the adoption and insemination thing , but that 's hardly enough to call them `` christian fundamentalist '' . 
  you 're saying that they 're opponents of a lot of things they are n't . 
  they are n't `` opponents of urbanisation '' or `` globalisation '' or `` feminism '' or `` liberal economics '' . 
  do you even have any support for your claims ? 
  even though your statement does n't even make any sense . 
  why would people vote for opponents of ` everything good ' ? 
  are 20 % of swedes litterally the devil ? 
  are you trying to make me laugh or is that just a side effect of your statement ? 
  can you give me examples of these neo-facist , hardcore conservative or christican fundamentalist politics ? 
  yes , hence why i cleared what i meant . 
  just take out sapmi in sweden and you 'll roughly get where each folk were first . 
  yeah they would be considered centre-right in most other countries . 
  realistically sd are growing because of immigration issues , not their economic politics . 
  swedes were in sweden before sami . 
  sami were in sapmi before swedes . 
  it 's not a fact , just your opinion . 
  the fact here is that we 're actively discussing it , so i do n't see where your problem lies . 
  because then you 've been missing the whole point of why people are upset . 
  this is exactly the reason why people does n't `` like immigrants '' . 
  taking sweden as an example , sweden allows people to do whatever they want and never push them in the right direction . 
  sweden gives people permanent residences for nothing in return and that creates a problem . 
  now in regards to you saying `` can we talk about ... '' , we already are . 
  a lot of people who supports reduced immigration are themselves immigrants . 
  why are you even asking if it 's not `` politically correct '' ? 
  the point is , if you want to be lenient on immigration , then you need to set up strict bounderies , which several countries has n't done , especially not sweden who completely disregards it actually . 
  most people who does n't like immigration are n't racists or are xenophobic , they just want to live in peace , not giving people free money or seriously reduce the standard of living for the people within the country . 
  sweden has said they 'll give permanent residency to all syrian refugees . 
  no idea , i think it was mainly a biker thing . 
  i can just translate the first part `` vid angreppen mot polisen i fredags anv\u00e4ndes en skarpladdad handgranat . '', 
  which means `` at the attack against the police this friday real handgrenades were used . '' . 
  they continue by saying that this is a serious threat agains the society . 
  the article goes further in on specifics which are n't really important . 
  it 's not difficult to obtain weapons in sweden . 
  people smuggle them from the balkans for instance . 
  except the media is n't really neutral . 
  the media in sweden is either left or right , i 've yet to find a neutral source even though many claim they are . 
  a mother and her son were killed , belonging somewhere in norrland . 
  i do n't believe they were immigrants , at least the newspapers never mention it as far as i 've read . 
   i thought the victims were both immigrants as well . 
  what makes you believe that ? 
  yeah i know , but i want to point out that you can be left and still have these opinions . 
   are n't they the most vulnerable though ?
