   you may not know the languages but the headlines are enough to support this . 
  so , where do you propose we deport them to ? 
  the country they fight preferably , but we do n't need to deport them , just revoke their citizenship . 
   oh but there are . 
  i read the danish one , it says social medias write about a 21 year old joining isil . 
  also it says he went to egypt and was recruited there . 
  but fair enough , i was a bit hasty with that one . 
   seeing the discrepancies between , say , poland and sweden , i guess you should complain to your local government about this and not directly to eu . 
  i complain to both . 
  one for some eu countries not taking resposibility at all while complaining towards sweden . 
   on another note , sweden is pretty large and has a small population in proportion to its size . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  someone has to support these people , that 's the most important part . 
  sweden has a lot of mountain areas where none even wants to live . 
  if we shove them up there they 'll die either from frost or wild animals . 
   or only wars you disagree with ? 
  there is a huge difference between defending the country and fighting jihad in a country sweden has no affiliation with . 
   these people are probably interested to continue building sweden . 
  some are some are n't . 
  however the increase in crimes and violent crime is because of immigrants who just do n't care about sweden and think this is their paradise they can do whatever they want in . 
   you ca n't isolate yourselves in this increasingly globalised world . 
  totally not what i said . 
  if you have n't heard then sweden takes on 20 % of the eu 's asylum seekers , more than any other country . 
  i suggest we lower this figure significantly . 
  we need immigration to survive - just not from mena countries who lies about persecution to get aslym . 
  again , only < 10 % of the people who are granted asylum , are refugee quotas . 
  depends on the amount , but knowing sweden they would just give the illegal immigrants citizenship anyway . 
   as other have mentioned , stripping citizens of citizenship is not ` right ' . 
  there we go !, 
  so you have a moral problem with this ? 
  if people kill innocent people it is n't `` right '' to revoke their citizenship ? 
   however , i propose they can come back , as they are citizens , but they are prosecuted criminally for warcrimes or some such , maybe it needs new category . 
  no , this will only lead to hotspots for jihadists or jihadists trying to recruit people in the jails . 
  if they are released or escape they impose a big threat towards the society . 
  i believe in rehabilitation , but when it comes to crazy religious fanatics who has the knowledge on how to commit a massacre , i do n't want to have that person in the society . 
   something should be done about it though , you are right about that . 
  thank you . 
  well ethnic swedes are the native people of sweden . 
  swedes have built their society ( with some help from rest of europe ) and they 're taking on unnecessary problems . 
  i used to hear a lot of war was going on and bombings in other countries when i was young , but now its happening more frequently here , and it does n't look very good for the future . 
  thought so ... 
   is n't it more common that they are born in europe ? 
  my understanding is that jihadis are mainly recruiting among disaffected muslim youth in europe who were born and grew up in europe . 
  not among people who immigrated from elsewhere . 
  the immigrants are those youths ' parents , who tend to be older and less interested in traveling to syria to join militias ( they did n't leave the middle east out of a desire to go right back to it ) . 
  you 're correct . 
  the people who travel to do jihad are typically youths with two foreign born parents . 
  they do n't necessarily need to be born in sweden , but are typically raised here . 
  still though , there is a difference since they have n't adopted swedish values and are rarely friends with swedish peoeple ( if at all ) . 
  they are recruited in the parallell communities where there only are immigrants . 
  i do n't think there is one example of any convertee travelling to syria for jihad in europe . 
   i could see deporting immigrants who come from another country and then violate laws , but if someone is a citizen of a european country who was born and grew up here , it 's really sort of `` our '' problem at this point . 
  i agree somewhat . 
  it 's stupid that we 've imported problems like this . 
  if jihadists try to target sweden more and more , swedes are n't going to be so tolerant anymore . 
   i do n't think it makes a lot of sense to deport someone who was born here to whatever country their parents were from . 
  deport them to the country they fight for . 
  if they are in syria/iraq and fight then send them on a plane back if they want to wage war there . 
  neither i nor any swedes want more problem in the society . 
  we should for once stand ground and say that it 's not ok go to and kill innocent people in the name of some crazy religious belief from thousands of years ago . 
   if they are indeed citizens of sweden , then they can not be taken away their citizenship , ever they should be . 
  if you immigrate to sweden and then a few years later decide to go back to fight in wars by killing innocent people for a religious belief , you 've , in my opinion , invoked your rights to live here . 
   however they should stand trial for the actions they commited there ( if at least being part of a terrorist organization is n't crime enough ) . 
  that means we 'll fill prisons with jihadists who has the opportunity to escape and the will to revenge the government . 
   i mean : what do you do if someone goes to syria ... but not to fight but rather do humanitarian aid for refugees or simply try to find relatives that live there and lead them to safety ? 
  should they be banned as well ? 
  that rarely happens . 
  if it does then it would be good if you go to the government , say what you 're going to do there so they can say you can go . 
  like apply for some special papers or something . 
  there are easy ways to regulate this so do n't say that it 's difficult to know who fights and who does n't . 
   guess you guys are just very popular  a lot of the asylum seekers ( 90 % ? ), 
  are n't even refugee quotas . 
  many people abuse the system because sweden voluntarily tries to help as many refugees as possible . 
  so sweden , despite being one of the smaller countries in the eu , is taking in more asylum seekers than any other country ? 
  sweden , having slightly less than 2 % of the eu population is taking on nearly 20 % of all asylum seekers . 
  come on other countries , you can do better ( especially you poland ) . 
  i 'm not sure wether that 's a good thing or a bad thing ... 
   well i dont know how , do you ? 
  s\u00c4po probably wants to keep it to themselves . 
   if literally nobody supported it then it wouldnt be their . 
  few billionaires in usa is enough . 
   this makes no sense , they have an edge on other countries because of their geographic location how ? 
  because of deserts ? 
  tons of african countries has deserts . 
  mongolia has deserts . 
  there are tons of places to place solar farms . 
   you are actually wrong , for large scale production its the other way around . 
  the only thing solar thermal towers does is store the energy . 
  the only thing solar cells or panels need is a way of storage and they 're more efficient . 
  solar towers also does n't produce any energy when there are clouds . 
   the middle east doesnt just include the uae you know . 
  i just pointed out uae because they 're investing heavily in this . 
   how does anyone know where you went ? 
  apparently s\u00c4po does . 
  also a lot post on facebook or social media apparently . 
   no but its just something for you to think about that some actually support the nsa ? 
  fair enough . 
   the usa has not stabilised the middle east at all , backing `` moderate '' rebels to continue a fight against an opponent that russia is also backing will definitely not stabilise the middle east . 
  trading guns for oil will not stabilise the middle east . 
  the usa and its allies have been pretty shit at stabilising the middle east .
