   i have literally no idea where you see a problem . 
  sweden and italy together in a federation will not result in swedish people massively having siestas , and as a result crash the economy . 
  policy differences . 
  swedes are n't going to tolerate businesses having power over the workers in such a way that they can decide about siestas . 
  sweden has very strict laws regarding employment and stuff . 
  a lot of unions regulating what is good and what is bad . 
  the crash comes when people have rights to take siestas . 
  obvious not all are going to , but a lot of people are going to slowly take their rights to have a siesta and then it 'll be trouble , both for companies and the people . 
   let me ask you this : is this a giant problem now ? 
  well we are n't in a federation yet . 
  if swedes want the eu to be run in one way , why not just let them have their own country run as they wish ? 
  because in the end the country/region with highest population density is going to decide what are good laws and what are bad laws . 
   if sweden does n't want siesta it does n't have to have it . 
  if italy wants siesta , it can have it . 
  why are you assuming all laws need to be the same ? 
  the problems which will arise is how to make laws for it . 
  if you say `` sweden can do this and italy can do that '' then you 're already segrigating the two regions , which makes them own countries with their own laws . 
   there 's free movement between sweden and italy , italians can work in sweden , swedish can work in italy . 
  there are no problems with the siesta now , there wo n't be problems with it in the future . 
  you misunderstand . 
  of course swedes can work in italy and the other way around , but how do swedes do in sweden if a law is implimented which says siesta can be done ? 
  swedes have no use for siesta , but they have the opportunity to do nothing for 1.5 h during the day , a thing which will collapse the society if its done . 
  if a law says siesta is forbidden , how are you supposed to get italians to work ? 
  siesta is there for a reason , it 's too hot to work and people need to relax and wait for a better time to work . 
  the climate of the two regions are terribly different , which makes sense to have seperate laws . 
  if they have seperate laws , then ( again ) its easier for them two to be their own countries . 
  this is just one problem out of thousands that has to be solved ( morgage rates , inflation etc are devastating to implement wrongfully ) . 
  besides , how are italins going to feel when a lady in germany says they ca n't celebrate one of their holidays for instance ? 
  how are businesses going to react when europe impliments the swedish parental leave system ? 
  or worse , how are the population of sweden going to react when europe says they can not have their parental leave system ? 
  i thought you meant size . 
  in any case the homogenity of countries are almost constant . 
  swedes are raised by swedes with swedish values , which differs a lot from italian values . 
  if swedes and italians form a collusion of some sort it would be awful . 
  swedes and italians do n't have nearly the same concept of how a society is supposed to be run . 
  in italy people sleep siesta , how do you make a law for that in sweden ? 
  it would collide with a lot of things such as child employment regulations , standard work hours etc. 
  seperate laws has to be made , which makes it logical for them to be two nations . 
  really ? 
  which ones ? 
  why are everyone so driven about big empires ? 
  historically every great empire has fallen , and that 's why we have smaller countries today . 
  the less people disagree with themselves the less wars and conflicts there are - a better society is made . 
  they wo n't . 
  luckily we have rich people who focuses on economy rather than environment . 
  perhaps you guys need some v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd ? 
   low salaries for tech workers , high taxes the gaps are increasing , which means higher salaries . 
  since the grey parties are grey , there probably will be lower taxes or as moderates want to see it , 5th tax reduction for workers . 
   terrible climate the winter is kind of annoying but the summer is so much better than any other country . 
   as to the video , i only watched the first minute before i remembered who he was . 
  i do n't waste my time listening to sources that i know are disingenuous or misrepresent facts . 
  some sources are shitty , some are n't . 
  this one is shitty , so i 'm not going to waste my time with it . 
  seriously ? 
  wow ... 
  so you 're just gon na go with the `` he 's a meanie '' argument and just dismiss any sources i have ? 
  okay , then i wo n't waste my time . 
   if you come to me with a respected name , i might think otherwise , but i know that this guys says highly controversial things that 's the point . 
  if you do n't look at the video you have no idea what he 's saying but still you dismiss it . 
  please tell me which sources are disingenuous . 
  actually according to calculations , we lose more on immigrants per year than we did on the whole nuon deal . 
   beware people , other people with different hair and skin colours are coming . 
  perhaps you want to provide for them ? 
  geez your comment is such an ignorant comment to make . 
  hahahahaha they interviewed ted ekeroth and erik almqvist ? 
  well obviously the statements of ted and erik are n't biased or exaggerated at all . 
  it 's also worth noting that the swedish migration board have been attacked on multiple occasions from extreme lefties saying we do n't take in as many immigrants as we should , and that the migration board are `` inhumane '' when rejecting some . 
  if they have the wrong opinion they 're afraid to get labelled as a racist bigot and get excluded from the group , or even worse , included in an extremist environment . 
   nobody is doubting that , but you 're still not having enough babies to support your own population , same as rest of western europe . 
  so how come only sweden are taking in so many immigrants ? 
  the baby thing is n't even a concern . 
  if we need a higher population the government can just give exponentially higher grants for higher amounts of children . 
   he 's an absolute moron , who thinks we should n't do anything about climate change . 
  you should avoid strawman and attack his person . 
  what is wrong in the video that you dispute ? 
   no one would stop people like you from creating a / r/europeanimmigration subreddit , so i do n't see what the issue is . 
  / r/europe is for all types of discussions concerning countries in europe . 
  just because you do n't agree does n't give you the right to tell me or anyone else that they can not speak of it . 
  there is a huge difference between extreme lefts and mp/v . 
  sure mp/v has some extreme policies but saying they 're equal to rev front , afa etc is just plain silly . 
   i think some people in the swedish left would do well to read up on this they 're communists who actually believe other people missed that communism is the best ideology ever for like a couple of thousand years . 
  i doubt they 'll listen to logic reasoning , even less from a political scientist from capitalist america . 
  yeah , all 51,2 m of them , that 'll show all of the racists who do n't believe in multiculturism that immigrants enrichen the society !, 
   have fun and please let us know in 10 years how it has worked out for you . 
  we 'll probably need a little longer time than 10 years . 
  obviously the welfare , the economy etc are worsening but people are n't easily convinced . 
   i said this before and i will say again , if ruthless immigration is justified because of low birth rates , maybe you should stimulate people having children then instead . 
  imagine where we would be if all the money put into immigration and intergration was put in supporting the possibility of having children instead . 
  birth rates are n't a massive problem like in japan . 
  we have among the best parental leave systems in the world and we spend a lot of money to raise families . 
  there is n't any reason for mass immigration . 
  we need experienced , educated workers who are willing to adapt to the swedish society . 
  what we need may vary between persons , some actually believe we need more cultural diversity , but they are mostly extreme lefties who are unedcuated and know nothing about economics or social science . 
  no economists support massive immigration and media is desperately trying to forge numbers to make it seem the immigration is an economic boost or benefit to the society . 
  really ? 
  five people has advocated shooting people ? 
   immigration issues bring out some of the nastiest people on reddit . 
  it 's a sensitive topic , and some people who can not speak in media because they either get censored or accused of being whatever bad things the opposition can come up with , instead speak their minds here . 
  sure it is n't pretty and a lot are stupid idiots , but at least they can speak their minds and argument their things in a neutral environment . 
  [ video worth seeing on the subject .
