  do you have an article ? 
  this is insane . 
   i think we 're shooting ourselves in the foot when we close our eyes to sensitive problems in minorities . 
  reinfeldt does n't even want to discuss the human rights breach sweden has done on its citizens . 
  quote : `` alla vinner p\u00e5 om debatten l\u00e4gger sig '' which translates to `` its everyones gain if the debate settles '' . 
   people believe only what they want to believe ... 
  hence the definition of `` believe '' . 
  however i do n't believe this book will be particulary accurate . 
  what if russia develop a 100 % defence against nuclear weapons ? 
  what if japan develop nanite shields ? 
  what if china erupts into a civil war ? 
  it 's impossible to think of every single scenario and know which one is most likely to happen . 
  it seems like he just wrote a book by hunches he has . 
   and also have wages cut by 25 percent . 
  this is one of the reasons why it wo n't work . 
  the businesses will pay a lot more which makes it easier for foreign companies to compete . 
  while a fun experiment , it 'll be difficult to impliment in practice . 
  the main concern will be business expenses . 
  you want a specific law i find stupid ? 
  [ is this enough or do you want a link to the actual law ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hlmx9fx2ka ), 
  [ a quick google later . 
  ] ( https://www.google.se/?gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=jnusu7a67njhbi2zgkaj#q=stupid+eu+laws ), 
  i agree with you entirely . 
  in sweden for instance , a lot of people are annoyed by ( work ) immigration and bad/stupid/silly laws . 
  the fact that sweden loses a couple of billion euro per year is n't the top reason . 
   and i feel sorry for sweden because elsewhere while green parties in europe rightfully had their vote share decline , only sweden bucked the trend . 
  it seems like sweden bucks the trend on unsustainable charitable ideas which will ruin the society . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  what i meant was these people ignore the government 's will . 
  according to them no person is illegal and therefore they believe it 's not up to the government to decide and that it instead is a human right . 
  they 've tried to stop many people from being deported multiple times by force . 
  the party in question is feminist initiative who wants everyone located within the borders of sweden to recieve grants and that sweden can not deport anyone for any reason . 
  the lefts are also quite keen on this line of thought but i do n't think they have said anything solid about it . 
   parties on all political spectrums are fighting against illegal immigration while i understand your overall point , this is n't really true . 
  there is atleast one party ( who got a mandate in the eu ) in sweden which believe in [ `` no person is illegal '' . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_one_is_illegal ), 
   you think it is n't ? 
  you think our current political system acts exclusively in your interests ? 
  you think that current politics is functional ? 
  if you answer yes to any of these questions you are deluded . 
  of course not . 
  in some nations bribery does work - in some it does n't . 
  if you even try to bribe in sweden you 're going to end up in jail , even if you 're a multimillionaire . 
  guess where it 's easiest to bribe or rather expected ? 
  yup , in communist states . 
   and ? 
  you think capitalism only exists as a result of stocks ? 
  no , but it 's a big contributing factor . 
  however i have n't claimed anything is a result of anything . 
  i said joint-stock trading was invented by never really developed until the 19th century . 
  merchants and joint-stock trading is hardly the type of capitalism we see today . 
  it 's like saying `` ohh well people worked together during the bronze age , of course they invented socialism '' . 
   capitalism - or if we 're going on your absurd , nonexistent definition of absolutely unregulated and uncontrolled capitalism , then we can say capitalistic tendencies - has been around for centuries . 
  i have n't claimed that and you know i have n't . 
   it 's had its time and place and it was useful then for that precise reason . 
  not anymore . 
  somehow i believe more in capitalism than communism . 
  mainly because communism is oppressive . 
   of course i do . 
  i can thank them for everything i have today . 
  absolutely . 
  that does n't mean it is n't a fundamentally exploitative system and that it should n't be dismantled . 
   we can thank the chinese government for enforcing cheap labour so i can afford all this shit , that does n't mean i should like the chinese government or that i should like how they treat their workers . 
  without them you 'd still farm potatoes with a rake was what i was refering to . 
  so you believe marx was wrong ? 
  well that surely made your case . 
   that 's the most patently absurd and moronic thing i 've ever seen . 
  just no . 
  learn what the fuck communism is . 
  [ you 're the ignorant one . 
  this is a map of all states which refers to themselves as communist states up to 1983 . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a8/communist_countries_1979-1983.png )  i 'm not going to . 
  the difference is that i ca n't buy politicians in one and i can in the other . 
  you still can not comprehend what a simple commodity is ? 
  wow ...  `` pure '' capitalism is nonexistent , thankfully . 
  but you want to introduce pure communism in all states , am i correct ? 
  ohh what a shocker - so who will ? 
   never . 
  well of course the wikipedia page is wrong and you 're 100 % correct . 
   there is no capitalism currently taking place ( despite the fact it is ) i have n't said there is n't , i just said it 's not responsible for everything bad in the world like you claim . 
   the usa is communist , and so is russia and china . 
  the logic of this stance is totally absurd , so i do n't understand it . 
  this sign : ? 
  means it 's a question . 
  i wanted to know just exactly how skewed your worldview is . 
   that socialism is authoritarianism because it is n't capitalism communism and socialism , suddenly they 're the same . 
   despite the fact socialism ends corporate slavery [ totally did . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag )  that you deny that there is increasing global monopoly and increasing economic stagnation , despite every single sign indicating otherwise . 
  you have no proof for your claim . 
  capitalism does not cause stagnation - stupid banks do . 
  indirectly this is caused by faulty lawmaking . 
   you believe that capitalism does pay workers what they are worth , because capitalism says so . 
  you should take an economics 101 class sometime , then you can perhaps understand some of the things we 've discussed . 
   you deny that capitalism is centuries old . 
  it was `` invented '' by merchants . 
  they went from village to village to sell/buy stuff . 
  they later invented joint-stock trading to reduce the risk of over seas trading . 
  this is hardly the modern concept of capitalism we have today . 
   someone should probably tell the slaves shipped off to the caribbean and americas for the sugar and tobacco industry that it was n't so prices could be cheaper and companies could make bigger profits .
