  they pay companies that know very well what they are doing ( some more than others  ) but can only do as much as they are being paid . 
  and they also tell their customers how to interprete their findings , but newspapers in particular ( especially '' \u00d6sterreich '' ) have a tendency to not give a shit and just spout nonsensical headlines . 
  alright , so the sample size error ( with a 95 % confidence interval ) of this survey with 600 respondents where you have to assume the two candidates to have a 50:50 share of votes is exactly 4 % . 
  meaning that hofer , who received a vote share of 52 % in this survey could also just be at 48 % ( or at even 56 % ) . 
  so the margin of error is really big . 
  it would n't be as big with 600 respondents if you had to assume that one person will only get 10 % of the votes while the other is likely to receive 90 % . 
  but that 's not the case here . 
  to cut your sample size error in half you would need a 4 times bigger sample size , meaning that with a sample size of 2400 people you would still have a sample size error of 2 % in this case . 
  almost no survey has a sample size this big , because it costs too much and it 's also not really necessary for most types of surveys . 
  what people who conducted surveys however do after they asked respondents all their questions is weighting . 
  this means adjusting the responses of people who were under - or overrepresented in the survey according to a few characteristics like gender , age , education , occupation , income level , etc. 
  by doing this you can basically get a better sample after the fact but still , the best way to have a representative sample is by increasing the sample size . 
  tl ; dr : a survey with 600 respondents of two candidates that are head to head has a sample size error of 4 % . 
  to cut that in half you 'd need 2400 respondents ( expensive ) . 
  still , surveys about this presidential election with a sample size of 600 people is a waste of money and time . 
  only 600 people were surveyd and the difference is 52:48 . 
  when you have two candidates that are probably very close together , you need a bigger sample size . 
  seriously , why is almost nobody in the media able to understand basic statistics ? 
  that 's the saddest thing . 
  it 's just a real shame that countries like austria and germany allowed this to happen . 
  you 're not even in turkey and ca n't speak your mind within your own family without fear . 
  all sides should just leave their new homes alone with politics of their old homes . 
  i guess i understand when you still have family living there and all , but turks have been now here for three generations . 
  enough is enough , integrate or even assimilate already or go back to turkey . 
  we do n't need these foreign conflicts here , we do n't want them and we do n't even want to understand them , or are able to resolve them . 
  i know , we have the same problems in vienna where attacks on kurdish people from turkish people are on the rise . 
  they are often even scared to speak openly against erdogan or turkish politics . 
  that 's the insane part to me : they came here looking for a life without all this shit but even here they are a minority repressed by turkish nationalists . 
  why the fuck do we have to deal with these morons ? 
  go take your conflicts where they belong . 
  even hearing their stereotypical macho-accents is annoying as hell . 
  just to get it out of the way : i never identified myself as a conservative . 
  there is merit to your arguments though , even if the comparison is a bit inept because the dimension of those differences nowadays is immense . 
  but especially since it also took us in the west way too long to be where we are now , we should n't make the mistake and take it all for granted . 
  and the one of the reasons why we could make all these necessary changes relatively fast once we began is that we 've already laid down the groundwork before with the age of enlightenment . 
  the islamic world has n't so far . 
  well just today there were 40.000 people in cologne condemning all the terrorist attacks that muslim extremists did in the name their religion . 
  oh no , wait , they waved turkish flags and protested for erdogan and his nationalistic and religious politics . 
  the terrorist thing is n't even the most important one . 
  it 's that the majority of muslims that are peaceful hold values that are not compatible with the western civilization . 
  look at all the surveys and they will show you what they think about women , gays , jews , separation of church and state , etc. 
  ever heard of `` verbotsgesetz '' ? 
  it 's also dangerous since this narrative will make people believe that we ca n't do anything against this . 
  apparently . 
  you beat me to it before i could edit my comment . 
  i figured as much . 
  but still , there are many policy drivers ( like even lobbyists ) but how would they be able to be held accountable by impeachment on an international level if they are not legitimized by and/or voted into office through an eu institution ? 
  realistically speaking there would need to be other politicians that had to step up and act on the `` eu 's behalf '' like merkel did in order to influence policy decision in a manner that merkel is doing . 
  sarkozy was also a guy that really shaped eu policy decisions ( not saying that it was either good or bad ) . 
  it really comes down to how much national politicians decide to involve themselves into european politics . 
  none that i would know of . 
  would n't be necessary or applicable in merkel 's case since her office position is not legitimized by any eu institution but rather a national one . 
   they 'd sell their own mothers into prostitution and then probably call them `` whores '' as well . 
  thank you very much for the swift reply !, 
  no , sorry , have n't heard about that . 
  freaking out about someone showing his inner thigh to their wife ... wow , just wow . 
  [ karadzicu vodi srbe svoje ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac ), 
  and : blame computer games like de maizi\u00e8re did today . 
  or wear a necklace with a piece of bacon on it . 
  like crosses that deters vampires . 
  :d edit : a letter . 
  why would they call her `` hure '' ?? 
  that 's just being disrespectful on a new level . 
  why ca n't we hold * people * accountable for it ? 
  shitty policy as you called it is made by people . 
  `` which city will be next ? 
  join us tomorrow to find out . '', 
  edit : monday ( sunday night ) : ansbach, 
  try typing in relevant keywords in your browser window , maybe it comes up in your history . 
  do you remember the names of the people involved or maybe the name of the case ? 
  i 'd like to read up on that . 
  no need to point to non-dutch sources . 
  the police confirmed that the driver hit the attacker purposely in order to stop him . 
  sweden yes, 
  what about the almighty '' [ klane biba ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucktfuv2i30 ) '' ? 
  [ that 's norway ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r19kagzyu40 ), 
  what about mel gibson ? 
  maybe i 'd download that too ... 
  integration is always difficult if the percentage of a minority gets too big . 
  there are 900.000 polish people in the uk , they actually have no need anymore to integrate or even learn english anymore which is a damn shame . 
  same with many turkish people in european countries , i 'll give you that . 
  i 've seen this happen to myself when i lived abroad . 
  there was quite a big german speaking community which made me lazy about learning the local language . 
   i 'm a british born turk . 
  see , that 's the problem . 
  you should consider yourself a brit with turkish background . 
   it 's not just with turks or other muslim groups or non-european groups . 
  this is true for intra-european migrants as well . 
  no it is n't , at least not to the same extent . 
  people with croatian , hungarian , czech , slowenian , whatever background might still learn the language of their parents or their grand parents and cheer those countries on in football tournaments , but they consider themselves to be either european or a member of the country they grew up in , not the country of their ancestors . 
  i only remember those demonstrations being against the gezi park protestors and for the akp . 
  the fact that it was unannounced/not registered beforehand is actually also being critized . 
  and also that foreigners are not allowed to hold demonstrations . 
  but i would download a car if i could . 
  there are more things that are necessary for a democracy , like : * party competition * party competition that does n't always end in the same party being in power * separations of powers * universal suffrage * opposition powers * constitutionality * human rights * minority rights * free speech * free press, 
  your car is already there . 
  i kinda get it . 
  failed integration and lacking education after 3 generations of guest workers can do this to people . 
  they feel like second class citizens so at some point they just go on the offensive and want to feel proud of something again . 
  if you have n't achieved anything and feel that others are to blame , there 's always heritage to fall back on .
