we 're not in nato because we 're neutral . 
  and i hope austria will never join nato . 
  i have a fun fact : the reason dogs like squeaky toys is because it reminds them of small animals dying which stimulates their hunting instincts . 
   suggested to go after pkk mebers no , he did n't suggest , he launched missiles . 
  i do n't understand why in most constitutions religion is mentioned in the same sentence concerning anti-discrimination with things you ca n't choose , like your race or sex . 
  you can choose your religion in developed countries - even when your parents decided for you at an early age . 
  yes , and i think that was not only the wrong but a horrible decision , no matter what kinda politics were involved . 
  in case you ask again ( which is actually a good question ) : `` who decides ? '', 
  - the people . 
  the people do n't elect the government directly in germany and i myself am no german citizen , but 80 % of the german populace believe that germany is bowing down too much to erdogan ( do n't have the sourcy in handy , it was shown at a very respected talk show on sunday - search for `` anne will '' ) . 
  i know that the netherlands ca n't do much to help her at the moment . 
  but it 's another alarming sign from erdogan and his take on freedom of speech :(, 
  i was rather talking about the consulate in rotterdam asking for the names of people that spread `` offensive '' things about erdogan and the current case of the dutch/turkish female journalist who ca n't leave turkey . 
  not with this particular law . 
  the courts can only get to work on it if the government decides that the case should even go to them . 
  otherwise i would have said `` good , let 's rely on the independent justice system because that 's what makes democracies strong . '', 
  i still believe in that , but it 's a real tragedy that the cdu party decided to let it go to court when did n't need to do anything . 
  you 're actually raising an interesting point . 
  i guess it 's a mixture of both . 
  also , merkel has basically set a precedent by allowing the courts to proceed . 
  now erdogan is showing off how he has europe by the balls by demanding censorship from various countries , including the netherlands as you will know . 
  yes and they are usually not the ones making or being trouble . 
  `` shock '' refers more to a paradigm shift in austrian politics . 
  until the mid 1980 's , the current two government parties were the only real plarties and big players . 
  then they 've gradually lost voters and influence . 
  to them it is a shock , but most people have seen it coming for years . 
  i 'd actually like to see that asylum is given to people who flee because of fascism and religious bullshit . 
  also , we could do with more secular turks in europe , unfortunately the ones we have now are rather uneducated , nationalistic and way too religious . 
  another reason to love the dutch . 
  hope i can move there soon , 
  merkel is a waste . 
  hey , got some sunflower seeds ? 
  the thing is that it should never even have come to this . 
  you should n't be so much at the whim of a dictator to be forced to face such a choice in the first place . 
  the problem is that this law requires the government to explicitly tell the court to open the case , otherwise they ca n't prosecute . 
  that changes everything , otherwise i would agree with you . 
  you know he 's under police protection as of this week ? 
  and you remember how many passionate turks showed up for erdogan 's speech in germany and austria before the election ? 
  what i really like about all of this is the fact that it puts the german government in a really difficult diplomatic position and that it 's the first sign how dependent they are on turkey with this stupid deal . 
  and that we might finally have a fruitful debate about freedom of speech . 
  compared to the flaws of having a strong leader ? 
  the problem with a strong leader is that everybody who is in favour of one seems to assume that he/she would be able to do things without having to compromise exactly in the way people want them to act . 
  but in most cases it wo n't be in their best interests . 
  huh , which poll would that be ? 
  i 've seen lots of polls about this subject but none gave the impression that muslims ( european or not ) are progressive in any way . 
  it 's simple . 
  we ca n't really throw out our own people , but we damn well can make sure that we only allow the best people/people we need into our countries . 
  kinda like your own home . 
  i would n't let just anybody in my home and would kick somebody out who 's sincerely misbehaving . 
  completely abandoning your family on the other hand is tricky . 
  true , but europe or at least the eu shares a common set of values expressed in the charter of fundamental rights and the lisbon treaty . 
  everybody and especially people from non-western countries have to adhere to these values when they live here , otherwise i see no point in living here . 
  and everybody should be very eager to uphold these values since no other place on earth is more free and prosperous than the western civilization . 
  you should see the benefits of living under this motto yourself , not be forced to . 
  when you leave your home behind to find a new home it 's in your best interest to integrate and even assimilate as much as possible , since people usually do n't leave their homes for something worse . 
  well they are to ones who migrated . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  well they are to ones who migrated . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  also a good point !, 
  thanks to you too !, 
  good point , thanks !, 
  i do n't follow . 
  for the sake of the argument : if the walloon parliament actually had any power , why would they break down their resistance after only a couple of days ? 
  would n't that show just little power they actually have ? 
  oh god , think about josef fritzl and marc dutroux mingling in the same prison . 
  other than that : would be nice , 
  sorry , you 're completely wrong . 
  in our justice system it does n't matter whether one has ` different unedrstandings ' about crimes . 
  ` or something like that ' ... 
  thanks for clearing that up , could n't have said it better myself . 
  we should n't let half-truths spread . 
  google captain sweden ... 
  do n't come if you have children though ... 
  would be more interesting to see the percentage of the population in any given country that can hold a conversation in the national language . 
  could very well be that it was bullshit . 
  point is it worked because he then gave the example of the biker incidents . 
  somehow it stuck with me however and it 's probably for the best . 
  the owner of the driving school i went to reminded us before the practical exam that we should always open the door with our right hand because we then automatically look behind . 
  then he told the story of a guy who did really well , the exam was actually already over and the examiner already marked `` passed '' . 
  then this guy opens the door with his left hand and the examiner just proceeds to cross out the whole sheet of paper . 
  failed . 
  this story reminds to this day to open the door with the right hand . 
  that 's what ( good ) surveys are for . 
  ethnicity is n't always the same as nationality . 
  one is based mainly on culture and cultural heritage , the other on borders . 
  culture does n't necessarily end where borders are drawn . 
  that 's a very good point you made . 
  however , if they were seen as dutch ( both by themselves as well as the rest of society ) why would some people single specifically them out ? 
  why not americans , or people from latin america ? 
  sure there is racism , but i think a lot of antipathy towards maroccans and turks is based on culture and identity , not necessarily ethnicity . 
  though it often translates to racism , sure . 
  you mean nationality . 
  moroccans are n't an ethnicity . 
  i think that 's an important distinction to make . 
  that was the previous year . 
  now it 's the current year !, 
  so i 'm guessing women wo n't have to go , right ? 
  that 's only if you do n't count all the [ grenade attacks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_grenade_attacks_in_sweden ) that happen in sweden every month . 
  agree , the finnish system makes way more sense .
