  still , i was n't used to that since it does n't work that way in vienna . 
  maybe it 's because the population is way more dense than in finland and in most cases someone already inside the bus pressed the `` stop '' button . 
  still , very rarely ( usually late in the evening ) busses stop for me in vienna when i 'm actually waiting for another bus line just because i 'm standing there . 
  when i tried to get on the bus in finland for the first time and the driver drove by me even though he saw me getting up from the bench , a finnish guy started a conversation with by asking me whether i did n't know that i had to raise my hand in order to signal the bus driver that i wanted to get in ( it was a stop where multiple bus lines stopped ) . 
  i did n't know that this is how it worked ... 
  totally agree . 
  teaching about various religions is a good thing ( you have to know what they are all on about ) . 
  if you want to teach your children to respect your god 's laws and teachings you can do that and will do that anyway , because every parent is passing down their values and beliefs to their children anyway . 
  i just do n't see why it should be necessary to make them become an official member of the `` club '' before they can make an informed decision themselves . 
  that 's one of the reasons why i think it should not be legal to be an official member of religious denominations before you come of age . 
  my point is that it is only possible to discriminate against something people have no choice about , like their skin colour or sexual orientation . 
  religious affiliations are a choice . 
  sure people are ( and should be ) free to be religious or not on a state level but a private business woman should be able to choose who she does business with . 
  religion is a choice , skin colour is n't . 
  i really do n't get why the same `` discrimination '' mechanisms work for the former . 
  except the colour of your skin and your sexual orientations are not something you have a choice about , whereas your religious affiliation is . 
  so `` discriminating '' against religions is not possible . 
  no need for teaching it , they see it on the street everywhere they go . 
  i think it 's outrageous when a private business person ca n't decide who she wants to do business with especially when there are claims for bogus `` religious discrimination '' . 
  religious affiliation is a choice as is wearing a hijab - at least for some muslim women , others get forced . 
  because it 's a fun language and i want to live there one day . 
  come on , i made a joke . 
  and i actually chuckled at your comment . 
  people should lighten up , 
   how did belgium let this happen ... i do n't know . 
  says the swede , 
  it 's because most people are scared of taking responsibility for themselves . 
  i do n't think you should discriminate people based on what they have no choice about . 
  if he kicked 2 dudes talking arabic to each other he is in his right to do so , because they are in france and have a choice about what language they use if they speak more languages than french . 
  if i were him i would n't throw them out but it 's his business and i would n't dare telling somebody who has been living in paris during the last months how to feel as long as he does n't break the law . 
  why do n't you live here ? 
  it 's nice , like you said . 
  is n't it actually 90 % ? 
  80 % trees , 10 % lakes and 10 % where people are able to live . 
  makes sense when you think about how finland is just a bit smaller than germany but only has 5.5 million inhabitants compared to 80 million . 
  netherlands or finland . 
  already lived in finland but my dutch is better than my finnish is . 
  it kind of is , but it 's his own business . 
  it 's also just * kind of * discrimination because your faith is something you have a choice about - especially declaring yourself in public as a member of your religion ( whichever this might be ) . 
  it 's not like race where you have absolutely no choice about . 
  he ca n't change that he 's from poland but you can change your religious denomination or give it up , so that 's not a good comparison . 
  also , private businesses should be able to not serve anybody they want because it 's their business - government or government employees should n't . 
  in some countries , yes , your girlfriend would need to cover herself . 
  but that 's not what i was pointing at . 
  i 'm not a guy that promotes `` they do that to us so we should do the same to them '' . 
  we should be - and we actually are - better than that . 
  what i was pointing at is that there are reasons why there are no functioning democratic muslim majority countries . 
  muslim values and islam are not compatible with a free democratic society and we should be careful to allow this ideology to spread in the western world . 
  he 's right . 
  if they want to wear burkinis , they should go to muslim majority countries , there 's plenty that are democratic . 
  oh no , there are n't , i wonder why that is ... could it have something to do with muslims and islam , hmmm ? 
  if you ca n't leave your religion at home , stay home . 
  weeeell , that 's true but i guess you have a good point . 
  true , people were too naive in the past . 
  i just tried pointing out that people should be willing to integrate into their new homes , because it 's their new home and there are reasons why they are . 
  it 's really just in their best interest and also a sign of respect to the host country . 
  in most cases this happens ( i also once lived a year abroad and integrated ) , it 's just a certain group of people who do n't do this . 
  i think multicultural societies bring unnecessary conflicts with them , especially when minorities become so big that integrating into society is n't necessary any more . 
  a lot of cities and countries in europe have these problems . 
  it becomes even trickier when the host country does n't even want people to integrate because it thinks that multiple cultures can coexist without at least one of them trying to claim superiority over the others . 
  now that can be done peacefully , the austrian empire was a good example of that ( vienna still is a melting pot today since half of its population has migration background ) , but even there , minorities and cultures stuck together , they lived where other people of their groups lived and did n't mix . 
  this was especially bad during world war 1 when there was a huge communication problem in the army because of all the different languages . 
  now since you 're canadian and are probably bilingual this might not make sense to you , but two languages are fine ( i actually think it 's pretty cool ) , but too many languages and there will be problems , especially if the usage of at least one is n't enforced and promoted for all of the citizens . 
  this especially hurts those who are already poor and underprivileged since access to education and wealth will be even more limited . 
  so multiculturalism does n't mean a big beautiful colourful mix of cultures , it means parallel societies and segregation . 
  look at [ city maps in the us ] ( https://www.wired.com/2013/08/how-segregated-is-your-city-this-eye-opening-map-shows-you/ ) , look at malm\u00f6 , duisburg , berlin , brussels , paris , even vienna to some extent . 
  ghettos do already and will continue to exist . 
  now all of that might still be tolerable in the minds of some people ( when ignoring socio-economic and political implications ) but parallel societies are a real problem when certain groups either feel disenfranchised or reject core values of the majority , like democracy , equality , solidarity , tolerance and many more . 
  we have seen that this is especially difficult with muslims since [ most of their value orientations contradict western civilizations ' value orientations ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ ) . 
  i 'm not saying they ca n't change , i 'll just only believe it once i see it ( see also work of ronald inglehart if you 're interested ) . 
  ultimately , a country needs something like a national identity ; it 's a form of glue that holds society together . 
  that 's why the us , probably the biggest melting pot in world ( well , maybe india too ) is putting so much emphasis on patriotism . 
  we all laugh at their silly flags plastered everywhere ( me too because it 's still funny ) but without this there would be chaos . 
  and i have n't seen much so far that would suggest to me that canada is going to be putting much emphasis on having a strong national identity ( albeit still having very strict immigration laws ) quite the contrary actually because of the belief held by some , that national identity is linked to nationalism which is linked to feelings of superiority and racism . 
  which it is n't . 
  even more reason for concern . 
  well have you seen their new pm , justin trudeau ? 
  just yesterday he defended burkinis . 
  and the previous pm has come under criticism because he would n't want muslim women covering their faces during their citizenship ceremony . 
  that 's true but integration should be something people want to do , especially if they want to stay in the country they migrated to . 
  you 're neighbours . 
  and you turkish population probably does n't exist primarily of uneducated radicals . 
  ca n't even stand their macho-accents . 
  totally accurate , it 's really a mess . 
  what did it say ? 
  that people do what they believe in all the time . 
  that does n't necessarily mean that what they believe in is good or desirable , nor is conviction a virtue by itself . 
   but he did what he believed in . 
  so did stalin . 
  not every sect or religion is acknowledged as a religon , nor should they be , because people are free to decide which ideology would limit their freedom . 
  that sounds incredible , i love people who do n't give a shit and dive into controversial topics . 
  seems like i definately have to check out ireland in the near future . 
  definately impressive . 
  [ also , relevant irish guy being interviewed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beaonv2t5rc ), 
  sweden yes, 
  out out out, 
  at this age she should already be married and stay at home with the other wives . 
  of course they did that in sweden ... * sigh, 
  you do n't necessarily have to step in at the front door in normal city busses , so if you step in in the middle or the back you would n't even see the driver . 
  careful , newspapers do n't conduct their own surveys .
