  turkey declared this , because syria shot down a turkish airplane . 
  for the last couple of weeks turkey refrained from shooting when its airspace was breached , because russia was involved and they did n't want to shoot a russian airplane . 
  so syria could have started to fly there , seeing turkey does n't shoot down unidentified airplanes lest they turn out to be russian . 
  and technically , it could be anyone ; it is an active war zone and you ca n't know who they are if they are not responding you . 
  theoretically it could even be one of the airplanes that isis seized , if they somehow managed to fly it . 
  well , turks tend to comment more on turkey related articles , romanians tend to comment more on romania related articles , and so on . 
  it is the same on every thread . 
  i do n't think more turks subscribed to / r/europe recently , it 's just we have more turkey related threads . 
  i am actually surprised by the lack of russian flairs since these all concern russia as well . 
  i guess russians do n't hang out in / r/europe . 
   you are trying to mislead by saying that most countries recognize a 6 mile limit . 
  most countries recognize the territorial waters to be at 12 miles from the shore , and the airspace above it to belong as well . 
  this is based on the law of the sea treaty that turkey has conspicuously not ratified . 
  it is a fact that most countries recognize both greece 's and turkey 's airspace to be 6 miles over the aegean . 
  this is based on the [ icao statutes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_civil_aviation_organization ) which both turkey and greece are party to . 
  you are the one who is trying to mislead , by bringing up the related but separate issue of territorial waters , which does n't even actually help your point . 
  you ca n't blame turkey for not conforming to a treaty it did n't sign , but you certainly can blame greece for not obeying the treaties it did sign . 
  which is why most countries do n't recognize greece 's claim as stated in the sourced i gave in my previous post . 
   turkish airforce fighter aircraft routinely fly above greek islands even before greek fighters have the chance to intercept them i did n't claim turkey never actually violates greek airspace . 
  turkey probably does that , and so does greece . 
  but those are not so many , vast majority of the supposed violations are actually turkish airplanes flying over what is recognized by most as international airspace . 
   and it is not only the greeks being harassed either . 
  your link states that turkey warned a latvian aircraft for violating turkish airspace . 
  from what i understand this confrontation is due to a completely different aegean dispute , some islets that both greece and turkey claims ownership . 
  i do n't know why you bring that up , it is a completely different dispute . 
   the airspace of 10 miles was recognised by turkey itself since before even 1948 and is recognised still by all other neighboring countries . 
  please educate yourself . 
  maybe i would , if you have cited sources . 
  i have given you an impartial source stating that most countries do not recognize greece 's 10 miles claim . 
  how about giving some sources stating that all other neighboring countries recognize greece 's claim ? 
  you only linked to a wikipedia page , which does n't even include your claim . 
  it only claims that turkey and other neighbors recognized it before the icao statute , not that they recognize it now . 
  and even that is not sourced . 
  ( it cites the greek ministry of foreign affairs , which is hardly an unbiased source , but that link does n't work either . ), 
  do you have any source which states that greece 's claim is supported by any country other than greece ? 
   dp was trying to reverse secularization , much like akp is doing now . 
  no it was n't . 
  dp was as much kemalist as chp , if not more . 
  all dp 's leading figures were atat\u00fcrk 's comrades ; actually they are the ones who made atat\u00fcrk such an untouchable and almost sacred figure in turkey , outlawing insulting his memory . 
  all they did was allowing some more religious freedom to score points and get votes , like lifting the ban on reciting the call to prayer in arabic . 
  the problem with dp was that they were getting authoritarian , curbing press freedom , etc , much like akp is doing now , not that they were reversing secularism . 
  i do n't know why some people insist on seeing the issues in turkish politics about secularism ; there is n't the slightest dispute on secularism , except maybe for a marginal minority . 
   and the vast majority of greek violations of turkish airspace happens while greek airplanes `` engage '' the turkish airplanes , trying to get them out . 
  judging from your other replies , you are extremely biased and there is no use telling things to you , but let me correct your mistake for other readers . 
  it is completely the opposite . 
  currently the airspace in the aegean is international airspace beyond 6 miles , [ as the international community recognizes it ] ( https://books.google.com/books?id=wviyaqaaqbaj&amp;pg=pa347&amp;dq=greece+claims+a+10-mile+airspace+around+the+aegean+islands.&amp;hl=tr&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewirt5d5v63jahuk7sykhyb4csiq6aeihdaa#v=onepage&amp;q=greece%20claims%20a%2010-mile%20airspace%20around%20the%20aegean%20islands.&amp;f=false ) . 
  greece further claims another 4 miles , and harasses and locks on turkish airplanes flying over that area . 
  the vast majority of turkey 's supposed violations are actually turkish airplanes flying on what most countries recognize as international airspace , and most of the actual violations by turkey happen as they are trying to get out of locks by greek airplanes . 
  turkey , however , does n't claim any airspace beyond 6 miles over the aegean , so it does n't harass greek planes flying in the international airspace . 
  most airspace violations done by greece are completely intentional , they are done just to annoy turkey , as a retaliation for turkey 's supposed airspace violations , which are not violations according to the international community . 
   if there were no violations instigated by turkey for a week , you would see no violations of turkish airspace by greek airplanes in that week either . 
  if greece stops claiming further airspace , there wo n't be any turkish violations by definition . 
  he has been in office for 13 years , how long more should we wait ? 
  alcohol in general has been allowed in turkey historically , even in the ottoman times . 
  notably [ murad iv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murad_iv ) tried to ban it in the 17th century ( despite being a drinker himself ) and there were a few brief bans during the reigns of some other sultans , but in general it was allowed . 
  i do n't think there is any reason to believe that it will ever be different . 
  it gets upvoted because `` lol '' is exactly what anyone informed about the turkish press reacts to his ludicrous post . 
  it is pretty much equivalent of saying `` sputnik is anti-putin '' or `` fox news is obama 's mouthpiece '' . 
  i agree that it would be nice to explain why it is so stupid to for those unfamiliar with the turkish press , but another post already did that , so i do n't see why you are complaining . 
  if a post here said that daily mail is pro-corbyn , there would n't be any lengthy discussion either , a few users would make fun of him and he would just be downvoted to oblivion . 
  it just does n't merit serious responses . 
   turkey violates syrian airspace all the time it is worth mentioning that [ syria also downed a turkish jet ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-18561219 ) for a minor airspace violation a while ago . 
  this is what started this whole clusterfuck , actually . 
  after that incident , turkey changed its rules of engagement to shoot down any aircraft that violates the turkish airspace over the turkish-syrian border . 
  accordingly , [ turkey shot down a syrian warplane ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/24/world/europe/syria.html ) for airspace violations . 
  then russia came along , started violating turkish airspace , thinking turkey would n't dare apply its rules . 
  and they indeed got away with quite a lot of violations , until now . 
   they certainly did not issue warnings for 5 minutes . 
  independent sources confirmed that they heard those warnings . 
   does turkey solemnly declare that they will shoot down greek planes ? 
  does cyprus make such declaration ? 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  turkey declares that it will shoot down airplanes over the syrian border , but it does n't declare it will shoot down airplanes over the aegean . 
  just like ukraine declaring it will shoot down airplanes in eastern ukraine , but not crimea . 
  just like cyprus will shoot down an airplane if it flies over the south despite warnings , but wo n't do that in the north . 
  turkey does n't shoot down greek airplanes over ayd\u0131n not because it considers ayd\u0131n to be any less part of turkey than hatay , but because the circumstances are different . 
   well you must take into account that most europeans are nto very fodn of turkey , not becaus eof them beign muslims , not as much , but mostly because of all the history , denying genocides , invading others , acting a bit like the ottomans . 
  again , that 's exactly what i 've said above : `` turkey is usually seen as the aggressor , which admittedly has some historic reasons ( we screwed over a lot of countries in the past ) , but on this issue , turkey has , at the very least , some valid points . '', 
  the people in this sub are upvoting you and greeks not because they think greek claims are right , but because `` fuck turkey '' for the historic reasons . 
   i meant to talk about nautical borders , not airspace , apologies . 
  you mean turkey intends to extend its territorial waters officially ? 
  well , i 've never heard of such a thing , and it does n't make sense , really . 
  if it happens , every other country will have the right to object to it just like turkey objects to greece currently , and i do n't think any country would accept that , it would just be a stupid declaration on turkey 's part . 
  not shooting down planes in crimea does n't mean they recognized crimea as russian territory . 
  rules of engagement can be changed for certain sensitive areas . 
  turkey does n't shoot down airspace violations other than the syrian border either . 
  greece violates turkish airspace on the aegean coast quite routinely , and they are n't shot down , it does n't show turkey ceded ayd\u0131n to greece . 
  the rules of engagement over the syrian border were change to shoot down violations years ago because one of turkey 's planes were shot down there for a minor violation and because it is an active fight zone ( like eastern ukraine ) . 
  in any case , the dilemma you speak of already exists currently , and this news would n't change that : i imagine ukraine already does n't give warning of airspace violation every time a russian airplane flies over crimea . 
  this is not because they ceded crimea , but crimea is occupied by russia as everyone knows and giving warning to every airplane would be a pointless symbolic gesture . 
  similarly , i do n't think the republic of cyprus gives turkey a warning every time a turkish airplane flies over northern cyprus , not because they ceded northern cyprus , but because they and the international community considers northern cyprus to be under turkish occupation . 
  same for nagorno-karabakh and azerbaijan , and many other similar cases . 
   17 seconds in one 's airspace is hardly `` halfway into '' , also proves that turkish statement of `` 10 warnings over several minutes '' was a outrageous lie . 
  i have seen seen cases of confirmation bias , but never such a bad case . 
  the same document that you referenced for the 17 seconds claim ( which is the turkish government 's report by the way ) also says that 10 warnings has been given over a period of 5 minutes in the previous sentence . 
  if you use the latter to refute the former , you may as well use the former to refute the latter . 
  if you are so biased , you may choose to ignore the evidence you do n't like , but you look like an idiot when you do it within the same evidence . 
  just to be clear greece 's version is in violation of the icao statutes every country ( including greece ) has signed . 
  [ which is why most countries do n't recognize greece 's claim . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3u33da/turkeys_aegean_airspace_violations/cxbm2gr?context=3 ) but of course , you ignore the airspace statutes and misleadingly talk about territorial water treaties because you wrongly believe that greece has a better case there , and this sub upvotes you for your distortion , as usual .
