  just incredible . 
  turkey never claimed one more inch than what is internationally recognized . 
  all it does is protest against greece 's usurpation of international airspace for itself . 
  indeed there is n't . 
  internationally agreed definition ( which every state on earth except greece does recognize ) states national airspace must coincide with territorial waters . 
  greece is unique in the world in claiming a greater national airspace , and no other country recognizes greece 's claims . 
  so greece just constantly bullies turkish airplanes flying in international airspace . 
  i 'm sorry , but you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  sharing half and half is done when the distance between landmasses is less than double the territorial water limit . 
  in this case , territorial waters are limited to 6 miles in the aegean . 
  this is what both greece and turkey recognize ( although greece would prefer to increase that to 12 miles , it does n't because of turkey 's casus belli ) . 
  as for national airspace , according to icao statues , the airspace must coincide with the boundary of the territorial waters . 
  as far as i know greece is the only country on earth that claims a greater airspace than its territorial waters in violation of icao statues , which greece is a member of . 
  i do n't know how do you think it shows their sick ideology , and i do n't know why you `` lol '' at her story . 
  unfortunately the kurdish parts of turkey are still very backwards , and honor killings etc exist there . 
  it is very saddening that kurdish women feel so pressured by their conservative families and so desperate that they see the solution in joining a terrorist organization . 
  and in case you are wondering why turkish nationalists want to protest russia , that 's the headline from yesterday : [ turkey condemns attack on syrian turkmen village , summons russian envoy ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-condemns-attack-on-syrian-turkmen-village-summons-russian-envoy-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=91459&amp;newscatid=352 ), 
  1 ) what ? 
  they are not 100 % kurdish , not even close . 
  where did you get that idea ? 
  they are just the cities where most of turkey 's kurdish population live ( that is if you do n't count the immigration in the latter half of the last century ; now most kurds are living in istanbul ) . 
  2 ) i do n't know , you are the one who made the bullshit claim that 26 % of turks support honor killings . 
  you find it if there is a poll regarding how much of turkey 's population support honor killing . 
  i am not sure if you are deliberately lying or just incredibly ignorant about how statistics work . 
  based on your reply , i am starting to think it is the latter , so let me put it as simply as i can . 
  if you analyze the 10 deadliest intersections in the us , and determine that they have one fatal accident per day on average , that does n't mean that the intersections in the us have one fatal accident per day on average . 
  that would be a monumentally stupid thing to say . 
  your sample is biased by definition . 
  the national average would probably be hundreds of times lower ; maybe only one fatal accident per year or less . 
  all that that study says is you have serious problems in those intersections that you need to fix . 
  if all those intersections are located at the same area , then you should definitely focus on that and try to solve that problem . 
  turkey has n't been doing a good job in the kurdish parts of the country on eliminating such practices ( not limited to honor killing by the way , those regions also suffer from practices of child brides , not sending girls to school , etc. 
  ) , and this is just a government report that confirms that . 
   the study was conducted in the provinces where the most honor killings in the country were taking place it is depressing that such an outright lie gets so much upvotes , i guess people just upvote fake statistics that confirm their misconception without checking the source . 
  and it does n't help that you did n't link to the original [ today 's zaman article ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/national_media-help-escalate-honor-killings-study-reveals_170502.html ) , but to a page that cherry-picks a single sentence from the article misleadingly ( and to make matters worse , their today 's zaman link is dead ) . 
  it is unfortunate that turkey has not been able to eradicate honor killing from those kurdish cities ( the article lists batman , diyarbak\u0131r , \u015eanl\u0131urfa and mardin as the cities of research , all kurdish ) . 
  this study confirms that turkey must work harder in those cities . 
  but it says nothing about the percentage of turks supporting honor killings . 
  hell , it would even be wrong to say that 26 % of ethnic kurds support honor killing based on this research ; the study only covers some underdeveloped kurdish cities ; i am sure it has a much lower prevalence among the kurds who immigrated to turkish cities . 
   the bombing in ankara barely got any mention from turkish press . 
  you are joking right ? 
  the worst terrorist attack in turkey 's history did n't get any mention from turkish press ? 
  yeah , right , the media did n't cover it , the same way the american media completely ignored 9/11 . 
  we figured more than 100 people just evaporated . 
  it happens , nothing unusual . 
   is which as we all know is being supported by the turkish state . 
  ok , that clears that up . 
  i am sorry for considering to take you seriously for a second . 
   but if 33 % of muslims believe in sharia , and are willing indeed to carry islamic law out completely , then society is finished . 
  his point is that they are n't willing , and i can at least say that most are n't in turkey . 
  for example you can see in the referenced poll that only 17 % of that 12 % support death penalty for apostasy , i.e. 
  2 % of turkey 's muslim population . 
  i do n't know about british muslims , but in turkey 's case most of that 12 % are like `` many european countries have state religions , so why do n't we ? 
  '' , i.e. 
  not actually have islamic law , as you can see in the detailed poll results . 
  and to clarify , that 12 % does not want actual sharia law as the people in this sub appear to imagine . 
  i mean , 12 % does n't support death penalty for apostasy or something as one can see in the page you linked ; only 17 % of that 12 % do , i.e. 
  2 % of turkey 's muslim population . 
  based on that poll and my experience , i 'd wager that most people who answer yes to that question mean making turkey an islamic country in the same way greece or norway are christian countries , i.e. 
  with an official religion , without actually installing any religious law . 
  probably at most 2-3 % actually support sharia law , and another 2-3 % support enacting some religion-based legislation . 
  ( another 5 % are happy with the laws but want islam to be officially sanctioned as the state religion like some other european countries do ; and the rest ~ 90 % are happy with the current secularism/la \u00efcit\u00e9 . ), 
   in theory suspension of human rights means the authorities can do whatever they want ( state enticed torture included ) . 
  in theory they can not , actually . 
  articles 2 , 3 , 4 ( paragraph 1 ) , and 7 of echr remain in effect , in accordance with article 15 of echr . 
  those include prohibition of torture . 
  in practice , they do n't care anyway . 
  they will just do what they want , and pay fines after ecthr rules that there has been a violation . 
  the thing is , we have a quite zealous turkish language association that tries to regulate the language prescriptively in spite of the common usage . 
  it 's like they hate irregularities and want everything to be by the rules ( turkish is very rule-based in general and does n't have exceptions like english , though rules can get complicated ) . 
  it is a controversial issue . 
  probably , in this case , they thought they are all letters on equal footing and there is no reason to skip some , and wrote guidelines accordingly , though nobody cares ( except for middle school turkish teachers ) . 
  i checked a few pieces of legislation , and even those seem to skip those letters . 
  except i checked some legislation regarding the turkish language association , and bingo , unsurprisingly [ those use \u00e7\u011f\u0131\u00f6\u015f\u00fc ] ( http://www.tdk.gov.tr/images/664_khk_sayi_28103_mukerrer.pdf ) . 
  linguistically they ought to be used , because those ( \u00e7\u011f\u0131\u00f6\u015f\u00fc ) are considered separate letters in the alphabet , not letters with diacritics ( like \u00e2\u00ee\u00fb , which are also used in turkish ) . 
  however , they are almost never used for listings , as they look to much like the previous letter ; i have only seen it on some official documents . 
  however , the usage seems very strange here ; it does n't use \u00e7 , \u011f or \u0131 , but it uses \u00f6 . i have no idea why . 
  that requires a constitutional amendment . 
  they do n't have the numbers in parliament for that , but with the support of mhp ( the nationalist party , who opposed abolishing the death penalty in the first place ) they can manage to put it to referendum . 
  article 11 of the [ law no 2935 ] ( https://www.afad.gov.tr/userfiles/file/2935%20say%c4%b1l%c4%b1%20ola%c4%9fan%c3%bcst%c3%bc%20hal%20kanunu.pdf ) details the extra measures that the state of emergency permits . 
  [ here is a document that includes a translation of that article . 
  ] ( http://www.venice.coe.int/webforms/documents/default.aspx?pdffile=cdl-ref ( 2016 \\ ) 028-e ) it allows the government to take the following measures : ( a ) imposition of a limited or full curfew ; ( b ) prohibition of any kind of assembly or procession or movement of vehicles in certain places or within certain hours ; ( c ) authorisation of officials to search persons , their vehicles ~ ~ or property ~ ~ * ( see my edit below ) * and to seize goods deemed to have evidentiary value ; ( d ) imposition of obligation to carry identity cards by those living in or entering regions which are declared to be under a state of emergency ; ( e ) prohibition of , or imposition of obligation to require permission for , the publication ( including issuance of reprints and editions ) and distribution of newspapers , magazines , brochures , books , etc. 
  ; prohibition of importation and distribution of publications published or reprinted outside regions declared to be under a state of emergency ; and confiscation of books , magazines , newspapers , brochures , posters and other publications of which publication or dissemination has been banned ; ( f ) control and , if deemed necessary , restriction or prohibition of every kind of broadcasting and dissemination of words , writings , pictures , films , records , sound and image bands ( tapes ) ; ( g ) taking or increase of special security measures for internal security of banks and sensitive public and private establishments ; ( h ) control and , if deemed necessary , suspension or prohibition of the exhibition of all kinds of plays and films ; ( i ) prohibition of the carrying or conveying of all types of weapons and projectiles , including those licensed by the state ; ( j ) prohibition , or the imposition of a requirement to obtain prior permission , for the posession , preparation , manufacture or conveying of all types of ammunition , bombs , destructive materials , explosives , radioactive materials and corrosive , caustic or ulcerating chemicals and all kinds of poisons , suffocating gases and other similar material ; and confiscation of , or demand to submit [ to the state ] , goods , instruments and tools used in the preparation or manufacture of the aforesaid items ; ( k ) prohibition of persons or groups of persons believed to be disrupting public order or public security from entering the concerned region , expulsion of such persons or groups from the region , or imposition of a requirement on them to reside in or enter specified places in the region ; ( l ) prohibition , restriction or regulation of the entry [ of people ] into and exit from establishments or institutions deemed essential for the security of the region ; ( m ) prohibition of , postponement of , or imposition of a requirement to obtain permission for , assemblies and demonstrations in both enclosed and open spaces ; regulation of the time and place of permitted assemblies and demonstrations ; and supervision , and if deemed necessary dispersal , of all kinds of permitted assemblies ; ( n ) [ as amended by law no . 
  3076 dated 14 november 1984 ] postponement of , or imposition of a requirement to obtain permission for , the retrenchment of labour for periods exceeding three months , except in cases of termination or cancellation of labour contracts at the request of workers , dismissal on grounds of immoral behaviour or breach of good faith , retrenchment on health grounds , or normal retirement . 
  ( o ) [ as amended by law no . 
  3076 dated 14 november 1984 ] suspension of the activities or associations for periods not exceeding three months , after considering each individual case ; [ \u00f6 ] [ repealed ] ~ ~ [ as amended by decree 3076 dated 14 november 1984 ] postponement of decisions to enforce strikes and lock-outs for upto a maximum of one month ; ~ ~ ( p ) [ introduced by the law no . 
  3310 dated 3 september 1986 ] planning and execution of operations , in so far as they may be necessary , beyond the borders of turkey to capture or incapacitate persons who , having carried out [ disruptive ] actions in turkey , have sought refuge in a neighbouring country . 
  such operations shall be carried out by the competent military commander , using the army , navy and air force , if needed after obtaining the requisite permission from the government through the office of the chief of general staff , at the request of regional governors , and within the framework of agreements arrived at between the government of turkey and that of the neighbouring country concerned . 
  this power shall only extend to an emergency declared under article 121 of the constitution . 
  edit : the translation of item ( c ) is a bit misleading ; looking at the turkish text , it should have said belongings , not properties . 
  state of emergency does n't allow searching houses and workplaces , those still require a warrant ; it allows searching persons and vehicles on the street , and the belongings people have on them . 
  the constitution has another concept , martial law , that the government also could have declared . 
  that would allow searching houses without warrant as well . 
  i 'm sure erdo\u011fan would love that , but i am guessing they did n't declare martial law , because it would give lots of powers to military , and they do n't know if they can trust them . 
  ( also martial law is much more serious , i do n't think it has ever been declared since the coup in 1980 . ), 
  exactly the same situation in turkey , probably for similar reasons . 
  not only it has no legal status , it 's not even a separate symbol , just the same star and crescent from the flag . 
  quoting my answer to him ; lack of a law making it the official emblem does n't mean turkey does n't have one . 
  the emblems of many other countries do n't have legal status either , e.g. 
  [ the emblem of france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_emblem_of_france ) .
