ugh , the catholic church and jews have always seen the bible as a book to be interpreted . 
  it 's filled with metaphor , and the book itself should not be taken literally . 
  it is why it was generally discouraged to read the bible without spiritual guidance . 
  this does not mean the bible is n't the word of god . 
  that 's what you 're doing to the muslims by wanting special exemptions for the jews . 
  stand together or do n't stand up at all . 
  no , you really should n't * at least * provide an exemption for jews . 
  have some fucking compassion for your fellow humans . 
  then dickweed , you take aforementioned door # 2 and argue to stay the fuck away from the banning of circumcision altogether . 
  not to implement exemptions . 
  no it fucking is n't . 
  either we ban circumcision , and jews and muslims will have to figure out what to do . 
  or we just stay the fuck away from the banning of circumcision . 
  it makes no sense to argue for exemptions , because to do so you either recognize it is damaging for the kids , but would like to proceed with the practice anyway , or that you 'd like to stick it to the muslims . 
  either of those make you a monumental asshole . 
  how dare you invoke compassion in this conversation while you 're arguing for exemptions . 
  it 's not that religion is more important to him . 
  just that we do a greater deal of injustice towards these animals through our ruthlessly efficient food industry . 
  and that trying to stop halal slaughter without first looking at what we can do in-house . 
  halal slaughter is a relatively small animal welfare problem compared to that . 
  going after both would be fine because it 's no hypocrisy . 
  which is not arguing efficiency should come after religion . 
  are you just trying to rile people up in this thread ? 
  you do it because you were religious nuts and now you do n't want your american penises to look funny . 
  i do actually think they specifically feed prisoners high-fat diets to keep the prisoners docile . 
  he 's arguing efficiency should n't come before animal rights . 
  the reason it is a big deal is because we can use it to fuck with muslims . 
  the jews are simply collateral damage . 
  first hit when googling european dictators . 
  did n't even notice i was n't on wikipedia until i made the comment and noticed the odd chrome thumbnail . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  i 'm going through the european list of dictators on conservapedia but it does n't say much about how they gave up their power . 
  can you name me some examples for countries that have ? 
  i 'm not talking about websites but the studios that use those sites to earn money . 
  even if they do n't do it directly through reported income there 's still sales tax . 
  huge internet cam sex market . 
  lots of studios where a bunch of hd streams originate from . 
  so they have good net infrastructure and benefit from all the other opportunities that arise from it . 
  no doubt in my mind it 's funded primarily by tax porn dollars though . 
  i know why romania is up there ... 
  there 's a ton of similarities between you and the muslims you seem to hate . 
  the ironic fucking thing here is that cutiepie1990 lives in a poor neigbourhood for a few years and in much the same way , fails to adapt to his surroundings and clings to his middle-class white european standard as a matter of pride . 
  yeah but if it 's just the presidents ' daughter it 's clearly due to political reasons , not racial ones . 
  yeah , but both sides are willing to lie their ass off to win the war . 
  there 's no way to judge if that 's true from the video . 
  the interests are to have the usa be the # 1 world power . 
  no matter the cost . 
  any potential progress that 'll close the gap between the united states and the rest of the world in power dynamics will be opposed by the us . 
  in that case , can you paraphrase the comment you made so i can understand ? 
  you 're right . 
  i did n't think of that when making the comment . 
  that 's a big deal . 
  why do you think pokymonn did n't run into that as a problem ? 
  you were the one who accused your parent comment . 
  body odour and lack of showering or just terrible perfume choice ? 
   stop defending people who are accused of racism over minor bullshit - houad, 
  he means that if you shut up about your heritage and just try to hold down a job there is no reason for anyone to go looking into your past . 
  really ? 
  the american is going to blame the french for overreacting to wwi after 9/11 ? 
  / r/nederland for now . 
  possibly / r/thenetherlands in the future . 
  the latter redirects to the sub that just went private . 
  what does the lack of distinction by regular eurozone citizens between eu and eurozone have to do with any of this ? 
  i guess more importantly , how do you think the world would be a better place if everybody did understand the distinction ? 
  yeah , but nobody is suggesting to take eu money to save the eurozone . 
  nobody is talking about making new treaties instead of working out of existing framework . 
  they 're just wrongly using the word because the distinction does n't change a fucking thing for them . 
  i do n't see why you need to raise hell about this . 
  when it 's fucking clear that whoever submitted it is referring to the eurozone . 
  nobody wants to steal your fucking money , we just do n't care enough to make the distinction , since there 's nothing we can do to affect it , and nothing it really does to affect us . 
  it 's either eu is doing this or eurozone is doing this , for eurozoners we 're going to be affected just the same . 
  people not making that distinction does n't change your situation 1 bit . 
  you 're not paying 1 cent more because of people not making that distinction in the eurozone . 
  it simply is n't relevant to day-to-day life . 
  why is it relevant in the sentence above ? 
  i do n't see how making that distinction does anything but make people aware there is in fact a distinction . 
  it 's not gon na change their understanding of the situation . 
  the distinction makes a big difference for you guys , but for most people it does n't really make that much of a difference if sweden 's participating or not . 
  the distinction is barely relevant for most people in the eu . 
  so it 's not that it 's hard to learn . 
  just really unimportant . 
  so i 've been told . 
  foreigners disgust me . 
  i would n't say so . 
  i also would n't call iced coffee coffee . 
  just as i would n't call a seahorse a horse . 
  deep-frying everything ? 
  dutch people do n't eat dutch food that often . 
  sure , if you 're visiting a dutch for a day they 'll get bitterballen en kroketten because you ca n't get it anywhere else . 
  but we do n't really eat it that much . 
  and the contest was about access to great ingredients , not diets or cuisine . 
  which makes complete sense , given that 2 of the top 10 ports in europe are dutch . 
  i do n't think any country is as connected in the distribution chain as holland is per head . 
  products arrive fresh , are transported relatively little , so it 's also relatively cheap . 
  holland is the opposite of a food desert . 
  death by oxygen loss is very gentle . 
  humans do n't feel the need to breathe by lack of oxygen , but by abundance of carbondioxide . 
  that 's why carbonmonoxide poisoning is so dangerous . 
  first and foremost everyone in this thread is labeling him a shitty host/judge . 
  not a racist .
