  although he totally was super racist . 
  so your defense for making groan-worty jokes is that you read them somewhere else first ? 
  he 's probably talking about standard welfare . 
  we should gift madagascar to the roma like britain did israel to the jews . 
  it is not our place to decide on the matters of another country . 
  what i 'd like to see is irrelevant . 
  not cooperating is a hostile move . 
  that is what we do in holland , so that 's what i can condemn, 
  if people thought it was better they 'd have lowered the taxes , now we 're just allowing companies to avoid legislation because it earns us a couple pennies . 
  if we wish to cooperate with our neighbours economically . 
  this should be a part of that . 
  not if you 're not a tax haven . 
  it 's just really selfish behaviour of the dutch . 
  it benefits the tax haven and companies , but at the cost of the wealth of the surrounding areas, 
  yeah , but in the end , a race to the bottom only really benefits the companies . 
  it 's like a nation-wide labor union . 
  so do i. 
  as someone from the eu i have lost trust in the us , and want other superpowers on this earth that are able to duke it out with you guys if shit hits the fan . 
  your country has shown to be willing to drop its standards and get dirty to get goals achieved , and i 'd rather not have all my eggs in the same basket . 
  i did watch the video , that was pretty quick . 
  i do n't know how quick you expect an animal to bleed out . 
  it 's not torture , it 's execution , and quick execution too . 
  if you have a problem with the killing of animals , maybe you should n't eat meat . 
  it 's also not ok to stun and kill a defenseless civilian . 
  cattle and humans do n't equate like that . 
   ask any veteran service member with torture experience or even just evasion training ; they will not hesitate to tell you that even 30 seconds of extreme torture is considered a war crime regardless of how terrible the victim 's life may have been . 
  i 'm also quite sure they 'll tell you slitting someone 's throat in a combat situation is not a war crime . 
  the bare minimum would be not eating meat . 
  a lot of unneeded suffering starts with somebody wanting a good burger . 
  we should n't go after other people 's customs just because we ca n't deal with the fact that we kill to get our food . 
  their entire lives are torment . 
  those 30 seconds do n't mean anything in comparison to what they 've been put through already . 
  people are outraged by this shit because muslims are doing it . 
  there 's nothing wrong with using just a knife and rope to slaughter cattle . 
  it 's not torture , it 's killing . 
   you are now in a prison camp awaiting execution . 
  i just do n't think there 's a real moral difference between a prison camp that decides to knocks people out and slit their throat or one that just slit their throats . 
  one is n't more humane than the other . 
  it 's bullshit to force people into getting rid of ritual slaughter and the majority to feel self-righteous over something that has relatively little impact on the suffering of cattle . 
  animal welfare does n't have much to do with public health & safety . 
  i do n't see why we 'd require an animal to be stunned or sedated . 
  we 're killing an animal for its flesh , there 's no need for it to be completely painless . 
  these ritual slaughter techniques have been more merciful than our techniques for many many years . 
  use of sedation or stun sticks should not be mandated . 
  it 's the nicest way to kill an animal with 10 feet of rope and a knife . 
  if the little bit of suffering at the very end of an animals life is what 's worrying you , maybe you should consider not eating meat to begin with . 
  which is just the milder and accepted face of anti-gayism . 
  doubt it , got given to him as a gift . 
  robbed . 
  the automatic candy dispenser used to take 25 guilder cents for candy , we switched to the euro , and instead of taking .10 , which would translate to .22 guilder , they took .20 , and the amount of candy never increased . 
  same went for the candyman in the mall . 
  all his smaller candy remained at .5 cents . 
  it was sad day . 
  https://www.google.nl/search?q=demonisering+turken&amp;aq=f&amp;oq=demonisering+turken&amp;aqs=chrome.0.57&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 you tell me what 's supposed to relate , i do n't see it . 
  link to that clip ? 
  i might be biased but i have n't perceived a media campaign against turks . 
  perhaps a blog or two . 
  it should be said that it 's kind of a heated issue in the netherlands right now because of [ yunus . 
  ] ( http://www.militantislammonitor.org/article/id/5698 ) ( picked a random site in english , do n't mind the source ), 
  the netherlands are in europe but not on here , what else is missing ? 
  burn shit and get mad , ask questions later ? 
  then do n't vote for either spd or cdu if you really care that much about what other countries think of you . 
  do other eu countries have similar laws like the hypotheekrente-aftrek ? 
  due to dutch it 's usually cheaper to not pay off your mortgage because you get tax deductibles . 
  this was supposed to help out starting couples who wished to buy a house , but ends up being used the most by rich people with multiple houses . 
  but the thing is , that mortgage debt makes them money . 
  it 's not fair to call us not frugal for that . 
  it might , but cyprus has a huge banking sector . 
  a minimal amount of money flowing through their banking system is cyprus money . 
  that 's not completely true . 
  the rest of the euro countries win by not having to deal with diminishing currency values . 
  and so begins the battle of the tyrants . 
  besides , is n't that the entire point of insuring ? 
  people paying in a communal pool so everybody can get the care they need ? 
  seeing as how yassin is still just a young kid i think we should be clear about what happened as to not depict this kid as a monster for the rest of his life . 
  a gang of youths jumped a linesman , yassin was one of these youths . 
  the linesman collapsed a couple of hours after the fight and died . 
  does it really matter what yassin thought ? 
  well , they did n't actually kick until he stopped moving . 
  he died due to internal bleeding a couple of hours later . 
  he still walked around for a couple of hours after the fight . 
  his friend seem to want him released and claim yassin did n't think the man would die . 
  i do n't think i 've seen anyone claim yet that they think he is unfairly detained , only that they want him freed . 
  according to the twitterverse . 
  one of the youts is named yassin , and his classmates are tweeting for him to be released now #freeyassin . 
  yeah , but my line of thought was not really because of saving us the hassle , but because there 's a lot of work to be done in syria once the situation stabilizes and having those refugees back as workforce quickly could be the best thing for the country . 
  but again , i do n't know enough . 
  it might very well be a terrible idea . 
  the goal of getting syria back to conditions where those refugees can return home is still actively being worked on though . 
  maybe keeping those refugees in a situation where they can easily return home is the best thing in the long run , even if you temporarily deny them the pursuit of happiness . 
  it 's a cruel thought , but one worth considering . 
  i do n't know anywhere near enough on the situation to have an opinion on what needs to happen though . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable enough about the politics to care . 
  would n't know how to go about changing that either aside from taking classes on it . 
  yeah there is , but they actually removed that one from streaming these days . 
  it 's also the episode with david blaine and the blaintologists . 
  plus , fat people do n't tend to get very old . 
  so that 's a decade or more of benefits society wo n't spend on them . 
  the flairs are color-coded , and colors are easy to recognize from your peripheral vision . 
  text is n't .
