fellow hackintosher here . 
  was upgrading from mavericks worth it ? 
  germs must all come from germany , following the same logic . 
  [ noice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3waoxkomr90 ), 
  gib euromoneyz , pls . 
  that 's so 2007, 
  romanian - native . 
  english , fluently . 
  bit of german and french . 
  was expecting something along the lines of that german guy who crashed his car onto the roof of a church . 
  op did not disappoint , proper flying car . 
  sorry about that , did n't cross my mind . 
  yes . 
  he 's not the vandal we deserve . 
  he was born a german , so actually his name was karl of hohenzollern-sigmaringen . 
  carol is just the romanian form . 
  outstanding . 
  now if only romania could get off its ass and achieve this in bucharest , that 'd be great !, 
  they the real mvps . 
  romanian chiming in . 
  you could argue that some people really deserve to die . 
  the problem lies with ensuring 100 % correctness . 
  you can release someone wrongfully imprisoned . 
  you ca n't resurrect someone wrongfully executed . 
  something along the lines of `` germany will not refuse asylum to any refugees '' . 
  fun times ensued . 
  glad i was n't there , i always carry a rucksack with me when going places . 
  europe is strange these days ... 
  the moment when eu citizens are treated worse than bloody immigrants . 
  interesting times ... 
  what the hell , a police man and woman trying to keep those people at bay , using their bare hands ? 
  you need riot control for these crowds . 
  excellent footage . 
  thank you !, 
  and off my lan !, 
  well consider this . 
  say the media from a different continent is writing an article about some crime committed by said gypsies . 
  would you be satisfied with them being labelled as `` european '' , `` eastern european '' , or `` eastern european gypsies '' ? 
  my 2 cents is that you wo n't like it very much if they are labelled as just `` european '' . 
  your comment confuses me . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  found the dutch . 
  this post-ww2 nazi guilt syndrome is bullshit , tbh . 
  one should n't be afraid to tell things the way things are . 
   he warns western radicals thinking of fleeing to syria yeah . 
  i bet there are lots of those ... 
  when they get to germany : sweden sweden sweden, 
  the way you put it gave a feeling of `` it was n't * that * bad , only a small stabbing '' . 
  we take stabbing very seriously now , since olly . 
  seriously though , now i get what you meant , ` sall good . 
  oh , yeah , because being stabbed to death is better . 
  really , man ? 
  got ta sustain them gainz . 
  clearly germany and sweden are the only countries in the eu that are capable of offering that . 
  exactly how is this related with eastern european countries joining the eu ? 
  their citizens were not allowed over night to go and work / claim benefits in western europe . 
  years had to pass in order for that to happen . 
  not to mention schengen , which romania and bulgaria are still being kept out of , even though technical criteria are fully met , purely for political reasons . 
  think about the major german/french retailers/hypermarkets which totally killed it in eastern europe after eu accession . 
  all that money is pouring in your very own countries . 
  more and more each year . 
  but please tell us more about this glorious and exclusive france-germany federation . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/16/angela-merkel-comforts-teenage-palestinian-asylum-seeker-germany ), 
  i am on that motorway , along with thousand others . 
  all of us stuck . 
  because they had to fucking walk all over the motorway ... 
  i hate those fuckers . 
  can we come too ? 
  they will destroy the iland ? 
  stupid extremist android fan-boys . 
   allah , god , thank you . 
  yeah . 
  thank allah , you motherfucker . 
  not germans , or the eu ... 
  also the ex-mayor of craiova . 
  he got arrested before it was cool . 
  if everybody flees that country and only bad guys remain , what then ? 
  anaconda 3 . 
  say what ? 
  damn , i did n't expect that from a country as civilized as the uk . 
  romania is doing extremely poorly when it comes to recycling . 
  i always get weird looks when i tell people that i take old electronics to special recycling bins . 
  wish people would pull their heads out of their asses and be done with this dangerous waste of resources . 
  what country are you in ? 
  anybody remembers when romanian/bulgarian immigrants were the scare of western europe ? 
  we do n't seem so bad now , do n't we ? 
  they owe us about tree fiddy worth of gold . 
  happy independence day , moldova !, 
  but they said that a road vignette is needed for infrastructure maintenance . 
  what gives , germany ? 
  we 're still good to go . 
  boys . 
  we gon na have ourselves a proper hanging . 
  grab yer pitchforks !, 
  good . 
  i do n't really think so . 
  no coherent eu integration plan has reached my ears , regarding immigrants . 
  care to share ? 
  whoa . 
  guess we should prevent liam neeson from visiting .
