should n't have held them like livestock than . 
  treat them like human beeings and they behave like human beeings . 
  they do n't work , they just move the problem to the next country . 
  it does n't solve the crisis at all . 
   while many of globalresearch 's articles discuss legitimate humanitarian or environmental concerns , the site has a strong undercurrent of reality warping throughout its pages , especially in relation to taking its news from sources such as russia today rt [ 2 ] and press tv . 
  [ 3 ] its view of science , the economy and geopolitics seems to be broadly conspiracist . 
  no , but its name bundesheer literally translates to federal army , similar to the german bundeswehr . 
  so what are his policies in regards to europe and the eu ? 
  they would still get paid an absurd amount of money , how is this discouraging ? 
   how does that even work ? 
  just increase the income tax gradually until you reach 100 % at a certain threshold . 
  99.9 % of the people would never be affected by such a law , so in theory it should play very well . 
  of course people are irrational ( and stupid ) and the press is in the pocket of the elite , so it does n't stand a chance . 
  but it did work , they came to the table and have signed the nuclear deal . 
  they did n't in the past , when there were no/less sanctions . 
  because iran does n't have oil ... 
  i was n't aware that spain is at war with syria . 
   who the us is trying to remove from power what actions did the u.s. take to remove assad from power ? 
   something that has done a lot to make the current conflict worse . 
  it 's the exact opposite , assad was in power for the last five years , that 's a fact . 
  and still the conflict got worse , because of him . 
  without him gone the sunni syrians will never stop supporting isis and as long that 's the case , isis ca n't be defeated . 
  removing assad wo n't bring peace , but it could be the first step towards it . 
  it 's a parliamentary democracy , cameron does n't have to listen to every single poll . 
  as long as he got a majority he can do pretty much whatever he wants , if the people do n't like it they can replace him in five years . 
  that 's what differentiates a true statesman from a populist . 
  we need some leadership in europe and if he ca n't convince his electorate to do one of the most basic human acts there is , helping other people in need , than what is he good for anyway ? 
  so greece and italy should start shooting refugees now when they try to enter their country ? 
   tsipras had to choose between new currency or austerity + euro . 
  the new currency would have ment even more austerity . 
  no austerity was never on the table . 
  so what ? 
  the same is true in every other european country . 
  does n't change the fact that they are here now and we have to take care of them . 
  many refugees from syria are actually well educated and trained . 
  it 's mostly economic migrants who lack in education , because these are the ones that ca n't find a job in their home country . 
  there is no such selection bias with war refugees , because if your life is threatened , you leave , no matter if you are unemployed or a doctor . 
  why does it work in the us ? 
  social services are paid by the states , not the federal government , yet i have n't heard of any discussions about richer states wanting to restrict migration from poorer ones . 
  but austria is a lot richer now than it was back then . 
  this was just 11 years after ww2 ended ( and austria was bombed to the ground ) and one year after it gained its independence . 
  did they also seize an unlimited amount of ammunition ? 
  they also fight without overwhelming force and air support , trying to operate covertly . 
  apparently lying to the world and putting on a show is more important for putin than the lifes of his soldiers . 
  sounds almost identical to austria , minus the king and the queens of course . 
  ( we got ten governments , ten parliaments , and ten different code of laws at a population of just eight million . ), 
  he did n't go under the bridge . 
  of course those are reforms , they just happen to be reforms you do n't like . 
  and in the same way many other countries do n't like david cameron 's reform proposals . 
  i have seen this so many times : `` available in north america , europe and uk '' . 
   i honestly do n't understand why people are against reforms . 
  why are you against reforms ? 
  like transfering more power from the national parliaments to the european parliament . 
  or further limiting veto powers for national governments in the eu council . 
  no , but i want them to finally make a decision and stick with it . 
  if they chose to stay in the eu than no more black mailing , no more exceptions , and no more tantrums by the british prime minister . 
  i think it would weaken the eu if such a big and important country would leave the union . 
  ( though it would n't be the end and they might even come back , just look at texas . ), 
  but it would be even worse if they stay and obstruct further integration . 
  america will isolate itself . 
  russia , china and europe wo n't hold the sanctions in place just because some republican senators blow up the deal in congress . 
  if it ever happens it will probably be similiar to the united states . 
  every state still has it 's own national guard , but they are fully integrated and can be federalized at any moment . 
  you ca n't have an eu army without giving up sovereignty . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to say . 
  i 'm not trying to win anyone over . 
  obviously we would need a much more integrated union before any of this could possibly happen . 
  that 's not something that can be done right now or in the forseeable future . 
  it would n't be their military anymore . 
  it 's like saying why should california hand their military funding over to wyoming . 
  does n't work like that in the us and the same would be true if an eu army would ever become a reality . 
  that 's why it 's so ridiculous to think that congress ( and especially republicans ) could stop the deal . 
  if they somehow block the agreement america will be isolated , not iran . 
  economically it makes sense . 
  european countries spend about half as much as the usa on defense but only have about 15 % of the output . 
  but that 's the point , they would n't have their own armies anymore . 
  big us-states like california or texas ca n't veto a decision made by the congress/president just because they are the largest contributors to the military . 
  not very surprising . 
  finland , austria , and sweden are neutral countries and uk is , well ... uk . 
   and criticize while we do the work . 
  you mean like creating the whole mess in the first place with the iraq war ? 
  did they raise other taxes or how do they compensate the revenue loss in the budget ? 
  it 's not about greece , it 's about spain and italy . 
  if they see that you can basically vote away your debt , than they will demand the same exact thing . 
  both current governments will lose the elections to left ( or even right wing ) populists , they will hold a similar referendum and hold the euro hostage for debt relief . 
  funny how this comes from one whose country opts out of even the tiny transfer system we alreay have . 
  ( uk rebate ), 
  but the economy of greece was n't sustainable and almost entirely carried by deficit spending . 
  but older people are more likely to have a telephone landline and are always overrepresented in polls . 
  our media played a huge part in that . 
  the rise of haider would n't have been possible without the support of the kronen zeitung and so far german media takes its role in this matter much more serious . 
  people do n't seem to understand that they will face austerity either way . 
  it does n't matter if you need to cut spending because the imf says so or if you need to cut spending because you literally run out of money . 
  these are the two options , there is simply no `` all the debt is gone and we can invest and prosper '' - option on the table , no matter who wins the referendum . 
  so if you forcefully shut down every single competitor , your own product will be more successful . 
  who would have thought ? 
  regarding weak economy , here is an interesting stat : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/1/18/patent_applications_to_the_epo%2c_2005_and_2011_%281%29_yb14.png in 2011 germany filed 272 patents per million residents . 
  in the same year greece filed 7 patents per million residents . 
  works if you are in nato . 
  that was one mission .
