  esa and nasa are still very close , esa is building the orion service module for example , which is pretty remarkable . 
  could you imagine europe building the service module for the apollo missions in the 1960s ? 
  but we already did the moon , we learned how to walk . 
  if we go back to the moon than we will just keep walking instead of running . 
  there really is nothing we can learn from the moon for a mars mission . 
  the biggest challenge is the trip to mars and we ca n't simulate that by going to the moon , which only takes a few days . 
  it wo n't be retired in 2024 . 
  they are already talking about extending it to 2027 and that 's most likely not the only time they will do that . 
  there are so many parties involved , they will find ways to delay it as much as they can , to keep the funds flowing . 
  for me the only reason to keep it up there would be to test technology for the mars transfer vehicle , like a spinning wheel . 
  yeah and ... our flag is on there too !, 
  i 'm sure the red paint helps with the structural integrity of ariane 5 . 
  not me , a moon base is useless . 
  obviously it would be a nice accomplishment , but it will eat up all the funds we have for space exploration and then some . 
  i would rather have esa cooperate with nasa for a joint mission to mars . 
  once sls is up and running , we could go there within 15 years . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/dec/08/russia-europe-right-putin-front-national-eu http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-32009360, 
  i 'm not sure about other things , but it 's a fact that front national got loans from a kremlin controlled bank after le pen supported the invasion of crimea . 
  putin also seeks close relations with other far right parties and they all have two things in common : they oppose the sanctions against russia and they all support a weakening or the disassemblement of the eu . 
  even a blind person could connect the dots . 
   i 'm russian and so wo n't be voting in france 's future . 
  no , but your government is bankrolling le pen . 
  because a withdrawal of american troops and comitments in europe could lead to a stronger collaboration between eu and russia , which would negate the corner stone of the us foreign policy since ww2 . 
  agreed , but why would trained personal shoot down a civilian airliner ? 
  they would notice the difference in speed and altitude . 
  sure , it 's a free country and free enterprises . 
  sadly this means more muslims are going to buy food from special halal stores , making integration even harder . 
  they did n't add it because of complaints , they added it because of profits . 
  there is a market of people that only buy halal food and they wanted to compete in that market . 
  it 's a business , they sell what people want . 
  they are n't forced , they are a private company , they can do whatever they want . 
  sadly they haven chosen to give into the right wing pressure on social media . 
  it 's more like 15,000-20 ,000 . 
  the jewish population actually increased in recent years , because of jewish migrants coming from hungary . 
   the role of the frigate is said to be a purely defensive escort of the carrier , and is not to be involved with syria or iraq directly . 
  does the german navy actually have the capabilities to conduct ground strikes , like sea launched cruise missiles ? 
   if russia does that the eu will make it a top priority to switch away from russian gas . 
  and other countries will follow . 
  should n't this already have been a top priority since they invaded crimea last year ? 
   german government plans introduction of mandatory sterilisation what the ...  for outdoor cats . 
  there are no good sides . 
  people need to realize that there is not one war , there are many wars with different players and different goals . 
  - there is a war between shia and sunni - there is a proxy war between saudi arabia and iran - there is a civil war , though that one is almost over , because the political opposition to assad is almost wiped out or joined the religious extremists - there are the western countries bombing isis - there is russia trying to protect their own influence in syria by propping up assad there can only be a political solution , no air strikes will solve anything . 
  even a huge us-led invasion force similar to iraq would n't do shit . 
  they might be able dissolve the isis `` government and to stabilize the country for a while , but suffer huge losses in the proccess . 
  there will be suicide bombers , there will be ieds , every single day western soldiers would die . 
  sooner or later the public will get war-weary , the troops will be brought home and soon after that , it all starts over again . 
  i think joe biden was right back in 2007 , when he suggested to split up iraq . 
  that 's the only way to do it . 
  give the kurds their own country ( good luck making turkey agree with that ) , and split up the rest of both countries between sunnis and shiits . 
  obviously these will be puppet states of saudi arabia and iran for a while , that 's why it is so important that these two countries accept a political agreement . 
  without them it will never work . 
  things like the question if assad should stay in power or not are n't the important ones . 
  even if he stays , he will never govern any more territory than he currently holds , so it does n't really matter . 
  if iran and saudi arabia ( and the other sunni golf states ) can get along , i 'm sure russia and the west will be able to support it . 
  and do n't forget , the other three major parties are to the left of the cdu and merkel and her refugee-policy . 
  the only party in opposition to that is the afd , which currently is n't even in the bundestag and polls at merely 6-8 percent . 
  reading this sub and its handpicked , agenda-driven posts gives the impression that the german public is on the brink of ousting merkel . 
  nothing could be further from the truth . 
  you americans would n't understand ... 
  the problem is n't the organizational structure , it 's the lack of authoritiy . 
  while your politicians love to talk about state rights all day long , in reality the most important decissions will always be made by the president and congress . 
  in europe it 's the other way around , when push comes to shove the national governments take over , because they hold all the powers . 
  even if we had a similar system , it just would n't work because they would n't have the authority to overrule the member states . 
  as long as the governments are n't willing to transfer more power to the eu , esepcially financial and taxation powers , nothing will change . 
  they can be from any country in the world , the asylum process was n't just created for syrian war refugees . 
   so what is the difference between applied and approved asylum ? 
  one group is allowed to stay forever , is allowed to work , and bring their family , the other one needs to leave if their application gets denied . 
  in terms of benefits there is n't much difference , because the needs of human beeings ( food , housing , clothing ) are the same all the time . 
  the asylum process ususally takes months or even years ( especially now with this huge number on applicants ) , they need to live somewhere , do n't they ? 
  when they apply for asylum they are n't in any `` camps '' , they get accommodated throughout the country . 
  they are free to leave at any time , but they ca n't apply for asylum anywhere else , that 's the point . 
  if they go to germany they ca n't apply there . 
  and no , it 's not that bad . 
  that 's why per capita there are more refugees in austria than in germany . 
  that 's not how it works , if they apply for asylum in austria they ca n't go to germany anymore . 
  also if they want to go to germany they would just stay with the rest waiting for the busses to bring them to salzburg . 
  if sweden can do it , we can do it too . 
  of course , although probably not 10,000 times als wealthy . 
  because fuck humans , right ? 
  for comparison : austria , which is only twice as large as croatia , currently gets over 500 asylum applications * per day * . 
   ( 3 ) \u00a7 86 abs . 
   is making them sleep outside in the cold `` quite good treatment '' in the austrian sense ? 
  nobody is making them sleep outside , they are doing this on their own . 
  instead of waiting in the heated tents for their bus rides to salzburg they just leave by foot . 
  germany is n't arizona or california . 
  you ca n't just go underground and live a happily life , you need official documentation for everything . 
  renting , opening a bank account , applying for work , medical care , sending kids to school , etc. 
  `` a little '', 
  the fence was produced in germany and in china . 
   over 200,000 hungarians fled across the border into austria fortunately we did n't have a border fence back then ... 
  so according to the polls the results will almost be identical to the ones in the summer ? 
  they were n't able to form a coalition government back then , what has changed since ? 
  the ministry of education already made clear that such a rule would contradict the constitution and is therefore illegal . 
  source in german : http://derstandard.at/2000024407027/ministerium-deutschpflicht-in-pause-unzulaessig it will never happen , that 's just some nonsense spouted by a newly elected right winger and published by a tabloid . 
  i always assume subs like this are satire . 
   build open camps on the german border and take them there . 
  migrants will just walk over the non-fenced border . 
  or force/riot their way in . 
  you know , we try to get along with our neighbours and not fuck them over .
