  mwahaha , you 're all condemned !, 
  just kidding !, 
  well ... not really ... 
  what ? 
  i find your quotation marks insulting . 
  sealand will rise again . 
  long live our prince michael . 
  brb invading gibraltar, 
  i 'm too lazy to even write anything . 
  i just woke up from my second siesta today . 
  or spaniards calling them `` monos '' and `` tercermundistas '' . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  please . 
  so much drama . 
  you wo n't believe what france did next . 
  france : i love france . 
  i know this sub may not be the best place to say so , but i 've always been kind of a francophile myself . 
  some people in spain think that the french `` envy us '' , which might as well be the most ridiculous thing ever said . 
  i ca n't think of a single reason you would envy the spanish , other than ... football ... like in 2010 , not even now . 
  andorra : i think of you as a weird , yet lovely mixture of france , catalunya and the rest of spain . 
  i actually do n't know much about you except that you are some sort of tax haven for our rich . 
  but you always give us 12 points on eurovision so i guess that 's ok . 
  the uk ( gibraltar ) : gib clay back . 
  just kidding , no one seriously cares about gibraltar . 
  we love the uk , but please control your people during summertime . 
  i think that 's it . 
  just kidding . 
  portugal . 
  iberian bros 4 ever . 
  started from the bottom now we are * really * under the bottom . 
  we ruled the world like 300 years ago , now we are best known for cristiano ronaldo and la macarena . 
  the `` dutch-approach '' to business is awesome , and amsterdam is gorgeous ( speaking as a tourist ) . 
  i visited in december for the first time and i really liked the multicultural vibe it has . 
  i fell in love with the city , despite the drunk british tourists ( of course ) and feeling like a midget ( of course ii ) . 
  well , something similar - perhaps not as extreme as in italy , tough - happens in almost every other country . 
  it reminds me of [ this masterpiece ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/ee371f1f4191818c95dd7f5af76d8ad0e1d58287/5_14_607_364/master/607.jpg?w=620&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=35e57b9057e831dea5eaa54f463bc49b ) . 
  oh brother ... 
  what do they mean by `` overweight '' ? 
  is n't 74,1 % a * bit * of an exaggeration ? 
   otherwise the german and english woud n't go to spain to die . 
  lol . 
  our new country slogan should be `` come to spain and die '' . 
  we have it all , baby . 
  ps : gib euromonies pls . 
  ha , iberia . 
  it 's like we 're holding a competition to choose which country is the most terribly managed . 
  i 've been living in mexico fore more than a year and a half and the people here are ridiculously friendly and warm . 
  it 's overwhelming sometimes . 
  new spain  old spain . 
  you know , when you write `` madrid '' you make it sound it as if it were some sort of foreign power ruling over a far-away colony . 
  i assume ( hope , actually ) you 're just a troll but i imagine you know that we are a democracy . 
  flawed - i admit it - , as is yours . 
  being a democracy means there are lots of catalans in all the three branches of the central government . 
  so there are thousands of catalan politicians making laws and ruling for the rest of spain ... 
  yes , catalan politicians who already have their money in switzerland ... ... and politicians from the rest of spain , too . 
  hey , i have an idea : let us all be united by corruption and embezzlement !, 
  you ca n't get more spanish than that . 
  pronounced like `` h\u00e4ndy '' !, 
  i think this `` you '' vs `` us '' division lots of people are making is ridiculous . 
  you 're talking about millions of people with very different point of views and making them fall into those two categories is rather simplistic . 
  my being from madrid does not make me 1 ) pro-pp , 2 ) anti-catalonia , 3 ) anti-freedom or 4 ) franco lover ( lol !, 
  as if franco had only been a motherfucker dictator in catalonia and heidi everywhere else ) , the same way being from catalonia does not make one pro-independence or ultra-nationalist . 
  `` maybe it 's time they get used to how democracy works . '', 
  what does this even mean ? 
  i just do n't get this attitude . 
  i 'm fine with a referendum and even with catalonia finally seceding if that 's what catalans want . 
  i 'll be happy for them and hope they can build a better country . 
  but i do n't understand why the separatist speech has to be so full of hatred towards the rest of the country and filled with so much superiority . 
  dude , you 're not sweden and you wo n't be even if you secede . 
  you wo n't become a master race the moment you get independence . 
  as a matter of fact you have much more things in common with someone from madrid than someone from stockholm . 
  you might not like it , but such is life . 
  anyway , it 's nothing personal against you , i 'm just tired of how things are being so terribly managed in the old and crazy spain . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  [ how do you do , fellow kids ? 
  i agree with you 100 % . 
  sadly in europe some people look down on american `` political correctness '' and they may regard it as hypocritical ( `` they ca n't say the word `` black person '' but the police kills them !!!! 11 '' ) . 
  i think it 's a very complex issue , but overall the us has had much better results than europe with its immigration policy . 
  for the past 200 years they have brought in people from everywhere around the globe ... and it kinda worked for them . 
  lol there we go again . 
  it 's our own summer telenovela . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i was joking !, 
  the civil war had nothing to do with catalonia and describing the spanish people as catalans or castilians is just ridiculous . 
  for starters , the kingdom of castille does n't even exist anymore . 
  my point is - madrid was the capital of the spanish republic and it went through hell during war ( like the country as a whole , obviously ) . 
  madrid being the capital , it was a clear target . 
  we suffered a long siege , nazis ' planes included , and after 2 long , awful years the city surrendered . 
  it was a nightmare . 
  lately i 've had the feeling ( on reddit but also social media in general ) that some people are trying to paint the civil war as a war between catalonia and the rest of spain and that 's simply wrong . 
  it 's a blatant lie and it 's insulting to everyone who died for this country . 
  thousands of people were slaughtered and millions repressed everywhere , from barcelona to seville . 
  trying to depict madrid as the `` winners '' or `` the fascists that defeated us '' is not only ignorant but sickening . 
  sorry for the rant , i 'm tired of spain . 
  can you lend me your french passport please ? 
  edit : grammar . 
  we pay more taxes than any other region in the country . 
  besides we keep receiving immigrants from the rest of spain , including catalonia . 
  they do n't send us their best ( buenafuente anyone ? ) . 
  they bring drugs ( our youth is getting addicted to pa amb tom\u00e0quet ) .
