  there 's a vast social divide , the poverty figures are heart-breaking , and there 's a lot of violence in general . 
  a war against drugs is being fought , a war that 's not metaphorical - it is basically a civil war . 
  despite that , mexican people are incredible , they are stoic and have an attitude towards life - and death ! - that one can only envy . 
  mexico city is the largest city on the western hemisphere and its cultural heritage is incredible . 
  things like that help make this country one of the most amazing places on earth . 
  rankings are not everything !, 
  what a bunch of homos, 
  so sexy . 
  it 's gorgeous , albeit a little bit dark . 
  it really fits into the gothic quarter !, 
  i liked the count of monte cristo as well , it 's a * long * story but totally worth it . 
  i 'd also mention stendhal 's * la chartreuse de parme * , the story is beautiful and captivating , but to me the best thing about the book is the atmosphere it creates . 
  it 's so immersing . 
  it 's amazing how a 200-year-old book can still be entertaining and fun to read . 
  i loved every bit of it . 
  however , * madame bovary * is my personal favorite . 
  i read it for the first time like 8 years ago and it immediately struck a chord with me . 
  emma bovary is everything . 
  there 's definitely so , so much to choose from !, 
  but i 've always loved modern french literature - despite the fact that my favorite author ever is the very english virginia woolf !, 
  i know you 're joking , but the us supreme court building is impressive . 
  it 's in capitol hill , so it neighbors other must-see dc landmarks . 
  who are you talking about ? 
  i do n't see anyone here saying how happy they are because in the future there will be fewer male doctors . 
  on the other hand , most comments are like yours , debating an imaginary enemy . 
  yeah , this is an example of sexism . 
  because sexism is bad for everyone , both women and men . 
  and that 's what feminism is precisely about : fighting against inequality . 
  feminists want more female engineers * and * more male teachers as well . 
  edit : grammar . 
  i 'm sorry , what what 's your point ? 
  are you implying there 's a shortage of male doctors or professors ? 
  * suavecito sorry , grammar nazi here . 
  haha jk i 'm just a regular , plain nazi , 
  in spain 2am is when shit gets real at the local bingo place . 
  sexy . 
  bill , we miss you . 
  yep . 
  hillary 's husband is a rising star . 
  i did n't mean to come off as a jerk , i did n't know you had said something like that in a previous post !, 
  i subscribe 100 % to what you said and let 's hope we can just love - or at least respect - each other . 
  you savage , weekdays ? 
  how dare you . 
  i try to stay fit , so i eat kids only in the weekend . 
  i have not been to a lot of parades actually !, 
  imo it 's just one out of many ways to fight for our rights , but it 's neither the only nor ( currently ) the most important one . 
  i think there are other ways to show your support and activism that may be better suited for 2017 . 
  the goal should be to ` normalize ' gay behavior and gay people everywhere , because the lgbt community needs to be more visible , not just in the streets . 
  we need more lgbt lawyers , politicians , ceos , football players ... or just regular folks that go to work every day . 
  people who , regardless of their sexual orientation , have the same worries and feelings that you and i have . 
  luckily in most western countries explicit homophobia is not acceptable anymore , but there are so , so many subtle examples of homophobic behavior on a daily basis . 
  and these traits are much harder to fight against , because most people do n't notice . 
  people do n't mind saying things like `` oh you 're gay ? 
  but you do n't act like one !, 
  '' , `` i do n't * mind * gay people '' , or the very subtle but very toxic `` i * respect * gay people '' . 
  we do n't need respect because we 're gay , we need respect because we 're people , just like you !, 
  / rant i 'm sorry - i did n't take my gay vitamines today ( :, 
  awesome !, 
  stay hydrated and have fun , man . 
  i 'm living abroad atm , so no . 
  but i 'll be moving back in august so i 'm pretty psyched about that !, 
  are * you * going ? 
  i 'm gay irl ama, 
   such an attitude stems from a tragic misconception of time , from the strangely irrational notion that there is something in the very flow of time that will inevitably cure all ills . 
  actually , time itself is neutral ; it can be used either destructively or constructively . 
  more and more i feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than have the people of good will . 
  we will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people . 
  human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitability ; it comes through the tireless efforts of men willing to be co workers with god , and without this hard work , time itself becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation . 
  martin luther king , jr, 
  hey it 's me your jaak . 
  i 'd take his specimen any time , if you know what i mean  ( i 'm so sorry for this ), 
  the * spanish * nobel prizes , so they are as prestigious as ... the razzies . 
  in all seriousness , i think they do have international recognition , right ? 
  i 'm only half spanish but i have heard of them . 
  at least most recipients go to spain to to get the award , so that 's something . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  i misunderstood your first comment and thought the `` two sides '' in your argument were religion and lgbt . 
  but i 'm with you , extremism in any way stems from - * and * breeds ! - hatred . 
   it just takes not being an absolute asshole on both sides . 
  sure . 
  but the intolerance is usually on * one * side . 
  actually , you should wear sunscreen always and everywhere !, 
  ( yes , i 'm one of the nerds from r/skincareaddiction ), 
  i for one welcome our new catalan overlords . 
  ] ( https://assets.fastcompany.com/image/upload/w_596,c_limit,q_auto:best,f_auto,fl_lossy/fc/3023078-inline-salvador-dali-40389-5-402.jpg ), 
  pretty much . 
  i imagine it must be really hard for women in politics to find the right spot between being ` too weak because she 's too emotional ' and ` she 's a robot and a cold bitch ' . 
  imho the dae may is a robot ? 
  circlejerk is more of the same and goes on to show how there 's sexism on every side of the political spectrum . 
  as long as it 's a choice ( * their * choice ) , why would it be sad ? 
  i think winning eurovision counts as being europe 's * queen * , right ? 
  source : i 'm as gay as the day is long . 
  congrats though , 
  good point . 
  your educational system is awesome !, 
  it allows you guys to have a healthy job market for middle-skilled workers while being one of the leading countries in techonology and innovation at the same time . 
  however i must say that this sentence  germany is making the things , that make the things and people need to have the skills to be able to do that is the most german sentence i 've ever read !, 
  your intuition is correct !, 
  contractions are not to be used at the end of a sentence unless they are negative . 
  for example : q : will you go to the park with me ?
