  and some , i assume , are good people . 
  let 's build a huge wall and make madrid great again . 
  everyone who 's not catalan . 
  you know , the ones we fought the civil war against ? 
  dude , learn some spanish history . 
  you 're embarrassing us . 
  reddit is like real life , everyone has their opinion . 
  it 's like journalists asking bystanders or witnesses to an event like this their views on what happened . 
  they usually come up with answers ranging from `` he was a nice neighbour , he always said hi '' to `` i predicted this would happen because refugees are scum '' . 
  everyone will speak up their mind , they ca n't help it . 
  oh , do n't worry man . 
  this is spain we 're talking about , we already hate each other . 
  you think there 's rivalry between madrid and catalunya ? 
  that 's cute . 
  it 's nothing compared to the rivalry between any given region and ... literally every other one . 
  you 're welcome to the club . 
  fucking spaniards man , they ruined spain . 
  hey , i 'm raising the important issues here . 
  i mean would we even have an official siesta schedule ? 
  omg imagine what our football team would be like, 
  wow there . 
  i 'm not sure about ira , but eta killed nearly as many civilians ( 343 ) as members of security forces ( 486 , both figures according to wikipedia ) . 
  besides that i agree with you . 
  i think isis considers this a religious war , and that 's very difficult to fight against in western democracies . 
  also most of the attacks have been carried out by individualds , so it seems isis ' structure allows for more independence among its members and that makes it even more difficult to fight against , i think . 
  nobody wins in a scenario like this but extremists , both islamic and far-right . 
  but they can always kick them out of office , we 're stuck with them . 
  forever . 
  literally . 
  damn it espa\u00f1a . 
  it 's like we 're not even trying anymore . 
  military experience is not a must . 
  you do n't need to be a doctor so as to be a good secretary of health , for instance . 
  other than that , i do n't really get your point and i fail to see how the `` incident '' you mentioned is relevant at all . 
   woman congressman oh for christ 's sake . 
   the role of being completely unqualified for your work and end up as the worst defense minister in our history ? 
  i fail to see how she was less qualified than any other spanish minister ( secretary/however it translates ) . 
  she had an ok r\u00e9sum\u00e9 before becoming minister of defence , with several experiences abroad ( rare in a spanish politician ) . 
  anyway , she could be completely unqualified - she was not - , but my point is - what does her being a woman have anything to do with that ? 
  because all our male politicians are so brilliant !, 
  come on . 
  for the sake of your hypothetical daughter , i hope you overcome your sexist view of the world . 
  was there any female member of zapatero 's cabinet not criticized ? 
   ~ ~ globalists ~ ~ ** lizard people ** . 
  ftfy . 
  i live in mexico and we have this in north america too !, 
  it depends on the carrier though . 
  i have at&t and since last year or so i can use my phone in the us or canada as if i were in mexico . 
  i think other companies have similar agreements . 
  mallorca has so many more beautiful places besides the usual tourist traps . 
  if anynone here is planning a trip to mallorca , these places are definitely worth a visit !, 
  and pa-amb-oli is definitely better than its other spanish `` pan con aceite '' counterparts . 
  i despise the donald but maybe he did n't see her ? 
  i refuse to believe he did this intentionally . 
  fancy historical reference , but you 'll regret this more than not giving us any points in eurovision 2015 #neverforget, 
  you mean olivenza right ? 
  \u00f1 \u00f1 jam\u00f3n  presunto \u00f1 oops sorry did i trigger you ? 
  same , our languages are so similar and we 're so close in lots of ways that i find it a little bit silly switching to english ( although necessary in some cases ) . 
  i 've been living in mexico for almost 2 years now and locals are just so friendly . 
  it 's such a welcoming country . 
  lpt : never read youtube comments . 
  my ikea table just grew 4 feet taller . 
  stop being so swj . 
  that 's why sweden is riddled with rape and violence , and you do so bad at every rating ( education , equality , quality of life , etc. ) . 
  sad . 
  hey it 's me your southern gay cousin, 
  make greece magna again, 
  exactly . 
  that was 300 years ago . 
  but i guess russian politics has been as shitty as this since then , so it 's understandable they draw this comparison . 
  in all seriousness , this is ridiculous . 
  just another cheap russian trick to try and undermine western countries . 
  the ambassador to the un said the uk should `` clean its conscience '' before criticizing russia ( wtf what does that that even mean ) . 
  but this is what these people do : they do n't argue against an idea , they * are * against your having a different opinion . 
  besides - countries do n't even have a `` conscience '' ( i know it 's a figure of speech and that 's not the point , but i still ) . 
  if we judged countries by what they did in the 1700s almost no one would have the `` clean conscience '' apparently needed to speak up their mind , least of all russia . 
  no one wants to be part of spain lol . 
  hey , cool album . 
  sexy barcelona weather !, 
  when cool ( lol ) things happen in europe we 're always left out . 
  first the industrial revolution and now this ? 
  oh come on . 
  hi it 's me ur moose, 
  too soon, 
  try german and hate yourself because it 's so damn kompliziert !, 
  of course . 
  hating ourselves is the only thing we could ever be good at . 
  have you ever been to barcelona in july or august ? 
  you * do * know that they also have winter down there , do n't you ? 
  sure , paris is gorgeous . 
  my point was that saying that european cities are better is a very eurocentric point of view . 
  sf and other cities in the americas have amazing stuff as well . 
  new orleans , nyc , buenos aires , mexico city or lima are all incredible places with a very rich history . 
  anyway , it 's not a competition , every city brings something to the table !, 
  lol . 
  i was backing you up , in my first sentence i was making fun of people who say stuff like that . 
  you silly . 
  san francisco is an american city , therefore it has no soul and is completely artificial !, 
  i 've always found that kind of argument laughable . 
  people saying things like that have probably never been to the usa .
