  the bbc is probably the best example , but french public television and even spain 's tve ( i am not acquainted with other countries ' public broadcasters ) have done some very interesting things . 
  but ... but ... that not 's truth !, 
   even portugal got into the act , with the strongest performance of all in the single currency area . 
  '' * even * portugal ? '', 
  well , you are our papa : _ ), 
  i wholeheartedly disagree with us being educated , civilized and tolerant ... 
  i have always defended a representative democracy . 
  it is true that some of our politicians are incompetents , but in theory they know what they are doing . 
  they have master 's degrees and phds and , above all , a lot of experience . 
  moreover , there is a lot of control on how politicians do things , and most of the their decisions are constantly criticised . 
  who would have the moral and legal power to control * the people * ? 
  well , the balearics are pretty close to spain . 
  i mean they are part of germany , right ? 
  hey , we are not your neighbours !, 
  if we were , we 'd be asking for sugar all the time . 
  but there 's also the opposite problem : there a lots of well-educated young people in spain that are working ( if they are lucky , of course ) in a completely irrelevant field . 
  the overqualification rate among spaniards is the highest in the eu , if i remember correctly . 
  if * you * complain about the lack of jobs ... what 's left for us ? 
  remember when being a * mileurista * ( making 1000 $ a month ) was seen as a bad salary ? 
  those where the days ... 
  no , greece took over a while ago . 
  it 's like we 're not even trying anymore ... 
  well , finally something we can be proud of besides our ham :-), 
  we are the beach and occasional whorehouse of the continent . 
  we are all remnants of the middle ages . 
  and do n't forget about budget cuts . 
  we * should have * invested more efficiently our money when we had it :(, 
  tuition costs in spain , for instance , are high ( and will rise even more next academic year ) . 
  in some countries students going to university get different benefits ( grants , loans , subsidies , whatever ) . 
  in spain there is no such thing as loans for undergrad students , just scholarships . 
  so if you come from a middle class family , the only thing you can do to be financially independent is get a job ( haha , very funny ) . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  moreover , eu policies follow the same pattern : some countries ( for instance , the netherlands ) receive less money than what they `` send '' to brussels . 
  others ( for instance , spain ) , get more . 
  the central government is not the largest employer in madrid . 
  at all . 
  it is true though that the city somehow benefits from being the capital , but that 's totally logical . 
  i mean , does n't barcelona , as capital of catalunya , held catalan institutions ? 
  i 'm sure there are far more catalan civil servants in bcn than in tarragona . 
  to be honest , in catalunya there are lots of people who think lots of different things . 
  but i guess most catalans agree it 's not fair to receive less than what they give . 
  although regions in spain already have almost total autonomy in lots of fields ( health and education for instance ) , they want spain to take things a step further and propose a more federal system . 
  i honestly hope something changes soon before it 's too late ... 
  do n't worry !, 
  actually , according to statistics , spain has the 4th largest highway system in the world . 
  * what have we done with all those european funds ?!, 
  * god help us . 
  well , most regions send a large portion of their income to the central government . 
  the central government then distributes the money according to different criteria ( mainly , how * poor * or rich the region is ) . 
  * per capita * , the balearics , madrid and catalonia ( among others , i think ) receive way less than they send . 
  andalusia or galicia , for instance , receive more . 
  the basque country and navarra have a different taxation system , as they do n't send that much money . 
  that 's what catalunya wants . 
  that 's what everyone wants , actually . 
  of course there is a highway between valencia and barcelona . 
  he 's talking about ave , the spanish high speed train network, 
  i think some people in catalunya are directing their frustration with the crisis towards the central government ( = madrid ) . 
  at the same time , politicians and institutions in madrid are worsening the situation by performing these stunts . 
  it 's like they 're trying to see who 's more demagogic and mediocre . 
  the thing is we 're in a terrible financial situation , with 27 % unemployment and politicians in madrid and barcelona are arguing on this . 
  * i * want independence from spain , too . 
  i must have seen that picture thousands of times , but it still strikes me as odd . 
  it 's so ... futuristic . 
  it could easily be a black mirror plot . 
  / r/dataisbeautiful would like a word with you . 
  6,200,000 people . 
  there are approx . 
  16,000,000 people working in a country with roughly 48,000,000 inhabitants . 
  wow , the figures for spain are appalling ( in five years , euroscepticism has more than tripled ) . 
  it saddens me , because despite these years having been just dreadful , overall we have gained * so much * with our membership . 
  sh let 's cry together now . 
  i do n't think it was a typo , as he later said that his therapy would `` fuck them up '' . 
  i would totally buy you some reddit gold for that freud/fraud pun if i could . 
  the difference is that spain is not a union of kingdoms . 
  there is no such thing as spain vs catalonia or the basque country vs spain . 
  it 's an exaggeratedly common mistake to treat them like two different entities . 
  theoretically , if catalonia were to secede , the rest of what we now call spain should not be called like that anymore . 
  that 's not being pedantic at all !, 
  in my country there are lots of people who have no idea what the difference between england and the uk is . 
  i 've known people from catalonia who get angry if you refer to them as * spaniards * but then go and call all the people from the uk * english * . 
  what ? 
  they have overcome spain ? 
  come on spaniards , it 's like we 're not even trying anymore . 
   unemployment is now 4.7 % , that 's not bad considering everything . 
  * not bad ? 
  * as a spaniard , i died on the inside after reading that . 
  beating ? 
  it 's all untrue ... except for some things . 
  still , 48 % is a large chunk of the vote . 
  both sides have to sit down and talk this through , one - catalonia - respecting the law and the institutions and the other - the rest of spain - recognizing that almost half of the catalan population wants things to change , to really change . 
  if nothing is done , today 's 48 % will only increase in time . 
  catalonia and the rest of spain are bound together by the most incompetent politicians there are . 
  i want secession too ... 
  pls do n't :( we love you but in a different way , you 're like our brothers ( so yeah ... more inbreeding ) . 
  i 'd say italy . 
  there are lots of things we share - both good and bad ( terrible ) , and our languages sound and look very similar . 
  on the other hand , i 've always thought of spain as a low-cost version of both italy and france . 
  as if they 'd had a son and things went horribly wrong from there ( inbreeding perhaps ? 
  let them visit barcelona and the mediterranean and let us have all the other , beautiful places , 
  department of labour .
