  i 'd even say it 's almost the other way around . 
  large american cities are not as crowded with cheap tourists as european ones , so they almost feel more city-like than most places in europe . 
  what happened , italy ? 
  you used to be cool and have sex with everyone . 
  now even the vatican is hotter than you , there are 100 % more popes now than 5 years ago !, 
  that 's r/whitepeoplegifs / on stereoids . 
  well put !, 
  a lot of people here say that catalans who want independence are `` blinded '' by nationalism , but usually these are the same people who love talking about gibraltar issue and how unfair it is . 
  imo this flag-waving rethoric has no place in europe in 2017 , regardless of where it comes from . 
  but i get it . 
  it 's august , everyone is on vacation and tabloid , bored people and politicians need something to talk about . 
  i never understood what the deal was with gibraltar . 
  they feel - and actually * are * - british . 
  debating its sovereignty is a moot point and it reeks of cheap nationalism . 
  imo the question should be - why do fewer women want to work in stem fields ? 
  that 's the issue we should address . 
  i do n't think it 's not because they do n't ` want to ' , in my opinion - and as i said in my last paragraph - women and men are taught to behave in certain ways since they are children . 
  for instance , men are usually taught not to express their feelings , while women are actively encouraged to . 
  and that leads to things like more men working as engineers , for instance , and more women teaching or taking care of others . 
  take a look at the toys little children play with , or the characters and roles we have on tv and in movies . 
  luckily in europe everyone can choose what they want to do ` when they grow up ' . 
  there are no written rules against a male working as a nurse or a woman in the engineering field , but there are social and psychological factors that go way , way back into our childhood . 
  and these cues play a huge role that we can not ignore . 
  marie curie is amazing and she 's an example for everyone , regardless of gender . 
  she was the best , plain and simple . 
  but did you know how little recognition she got at first ? 
  their nobel was originally only intended for pierre , and it was only thanks to him that the prize was awarded to both of them . 
  she was n't even allowed to share the speech . 
  and the money they won ? 
  the academy divided the prize between two recipients : the first half to antoine henri becquerel and the other half to * both * marie and pierre ( because , i assume , marie did n't diserve to be recognized as a person on her own ) . 
  sure , she was very successful afterwards and their family went on to win even more nobel prizes , including her daughter . 
  she overcame hurdles we can only imagine ( sexism , racism , classism ... ) because she was fucking awesome . 
  but how many marie curies were ( and are ! ), 
  out there that we do n't know of ? 
  just because she succeded , it does n't mean all the other women who did n't make it were lazy or less capable than the average man . 
  she gave up so much and i can only imagine how much guilt she must have felt because she was a ` working mother ' back then ( she even had a miscarriage ) . 
  she had to play the scientist , the mother and the wife . 
  she won 2 nobel prizes but she still made the housework and looked after their children . 
  she worked herself to death , literally . 
  and this was only some 80 years ago . 
  there 's still a lot of prejudice and stereotypes we should all fight against . 
  it 's not a matter of being capable or just wishing something really bad . 
  it 's about opportunities and freedom . 
  we teach babies what it means to be a boy and a girl , and since that moment we start a path that leads women to certain fields and interests and men to others . 
  no one today will say that women are less capable than men , but our biases are more subtle and much more difficult to fight against . 
  imo , that does n't mean we should n't . 
  of course he is !, 
  but i expect more of our leader than saying `` at least he does some things right '' . 
  i do n't hate him lol . 
  he 's just * meh * , for better or for worse . 
  i do n't like how he was involved in a major corruption scheme , but nothing sticks to him or his party apparently . 
  or any party , for that matter . 
  you just got ta love spain , there have been cases of corruption at the highest level from andalusia to catalonia . 
  and people still vote for them , they just do n't care . 
  it 's insane . 
  and i do n't understand why , spain is not a ` corrupt ' society , there 's no culture of extended bribery or clientelism . 
  our institutions are ok and most people and organizations are not shady . 
  but what happens with large political parties is insane : pp , psoe , converg\u00e8ncia , you name it . 
  inb4 you 're a communist venezuelan-lover podemos fan - i 've voted psoe all my life . 
  how dare you insult mercadona, 
   pa amb tom\u00e0quet is perfect for a snack . 
  pa amb oli best pa amb anything there is . 
  r/the _ donald and r/le _ pen ( where the newest post is 2 months old ! ), 
  are good places to start . 
  the gays have taken over . 
  yeah , and if - and that 's a big if - the imf is correct , by 2022 venezuela 's gdp will be roughly half of what it was in 2012 ( source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_past_and_projected_gdp_ ( nominal ) #imf _ estimates_between_2020_and_2022 ) . 
  really sad . 
  then i 'm sorry i did n't understand that you had meant ` per capita ' when you neither wrote it nor mentioned it anywhere in your first post . 
  i guess i am indeed * that * stupid . 
  have a nice evening . 
  but india - as in the country - * is * richer than spain . 
  relative to its size and population it 's definitely not , but in terms of * gross wealth * , it is . 
  that 's roughly what gdp means , right ? 
  ( i 'm not an economist , so please correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  i know however that these figures mean very little about how the average spaniard or indian lives . 
  of course , it does n't show a country 's living standard at all . 
  and i agree with you , the average greek is better off than the average colombian or argentinian . 
  but you did n't say that in your original post , you explicitly mentioned a country 's wealth . 
  mexico , argentina , the philippines , venezuela , colombia , chile and peru have all a gdp larger than greece 's . 
  well , it 's the * spanish * empire . 
  of course it was run very poorly . 
  watch the sass !, 
  i 'm not sure about wages , but prices remain relatively stable . 
  the consumer price index for the 2009-2016 period is 8,9 % according to ine . 
  discusting . 
  why would n't you ? 
  you have an incredible country , with a history of industrial success and enterpreneurship that 's second to none . 
  you 're one of the most industrialized nations in the world and a net contributor to the eu . 
  in 1990 , your gdp and france 's were roughly the same , 2 times spain 's . 
  in 2016 , the gdp of italy is 33 % smaller than the one of france ( with a simular population ) and only 33 % larger than spain 's ( there being 15 million fewer spaniards than italians ) . 
  i do n't know what happened , but your country could ( and should ! ), 
  grow more * and * play a larger role both in europe and the world . 
  higher than what ? 
  spain cost of living is low compared to other countries in western europe . 
  why ? 
  this report measures a lot of things , not just `` crime '' or `` how safe '' you feel . 
  it takes into account things such as the rule of law , respect for human rights , the quality of a country 's public sector and the like . 
  my experience is anecdotal , but i 've been living in mexico , one of the fragile countries , for three years and i 've had zero issues . 
  i love this country and it 's not the hellhole some europeans picture . 
  but of course , regardless of my `` expat '' experience , this is indeed a troubled nation .
