ah well in that case `` nuse me fustan te bardhe '' might be nice as well . 
  congratulations to you both btw . 
  do you know what part of albania her family is from ? 
  it might come off as strange if you play music from the wrong part of the country . 
  i 'm quite partial to valle kukusi but it 's from the northern gheg speaking part of the country and someone from the south who spoke tosk might not like it so much . 
  also you could try posting in / r/albania . 
  in germany , mickey d 's serves beer . 
  in romania it serves mici . 
  but you ca n't find mici in german mcdonalds or beer in romanian ones . 
  only been to budapest but it wad awesome . 
  part of it is also that italy is insanely expensive especially when compared to anywhere in the balkans . 
  not that i had a bad time there but the amount of money i spent in rome for a week over new years would have lasted me at least a month in romania . 
  well i live in bucharest but i 've been all over transylvania . 
  i ca n't say i 've been able to travel the country as much as i want as my job keep my stuck in the capital . 
  sorry i 'm a bit behind with my google new alerts . 
  as an american living in romania who has traveled to italy twice all i have to say is that romania wins . 
  yeah true . 
  the ones in romania are just more in my face since i live there . 
  to be fair the romanians have been protesting since at least this summer . 
  albania should n't be on this list . 
  it was never part of yugoslavia . 
  it 's particularly hard for americans to get a visa to go there . 
  not impossible but very difficult . 
  it controls major gas pipelines going to western europe and has a permanent seat on the un security council . 
  i 've really enjoyed reading and contributing to the different series that have popped up on this sub . 
  i feel like i 've learned a lot and i 'd love to see more of them . 
  one centered on disputed territories could be interesting but i have some other ideas as well like a series on the old empires that used to cover the region or one centered on the former european colonies . 
  you could also try one about various european ethnic groups . 
  whatever you decide to do , thanks for your work so far . 
  it really has been fun . 
  sounds like you actually want to move to romania or bulgaria . 
  i never realized just how many hungarians were living there . 
  that article says 61 % which make it much easier for me to understand why people might worry about secessionists movements . 
  why does n't romania ? 
  to be fair pretty much no one rides the trains in albania . 
  wow that was a lot more lively than what i saw last night . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i was also there last night . 
  it did seem pretty disorganized and ineffective . 
  i get what you are saying about it being small , there was n't even enough people to fill the whole square when i was there . 
  and you 're right about it being mostly young people there hanging with their friends and chatting on their phones . 
  i did see some older folks there though . 
  nobody seemed overly passionate either . 
  even the guys throwing tomatoes at signs with political figures seemed to be half-assing it . 
  here are some of the [ pics ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vckx3 ) i took if anyone is interested . 
  do you know if there bigger protests in other cities like timisoara ? 
  things you could say about your football team but not about your government . 
  i really liked the hall of the victimizers which called out all the sympathizers ( some of which were still living ) . 
  i 've never seen anything like that before . 
  it was only when i was on there for vacation back in january for about 3 days . 
  oh , i never saw anyone buy a ticket so i just assumed it was free . 
  seriously , did they actually expect putin to not use an opportunity to make the us look bad when it fell into his lap ? 
  that 's just common sense . 
  let 's see , having only been there once and having only gone to budapest i only have a few things to add . 
  historically bad relations with romania due to transylvania . 
  budapest itself is a huge place with excellent food , architecture , and culture . 
  the museums there are some of the best i 've ever been to . 
  the national history museum is almost overwhelming in its scope . 
  probably the best museum i 've ever been to is the house of terror which covers the atrocities that took place under the fascists and communists . 
  you can get hot wine at pretty much any restaurant during winter . 
  the above ground tram is free ; the metro is not but it 's not expensive . 
  maybe the stuffed ones have a different name . 
  i 've had them filed with cherries , chocolate , cheese and even olives . 
  america needs covrigi.romanian stuffed pretzels ftw !, 
  albania is n't nearly as bad as its international reputation suggests . 
  the people there are dealing remarkably well with the fact that their leaders almost completely isolated the country from the rest of the world from 1946 until 1990 . 
  despite albanians ' natural pessimism and most other nations ' reluctance to admit this , the country has come a long way in the last twenty years . 
  yes , it still has a long way to go ( any tourist who decides to go there will find this out day one ) but i feel like it has gotten over the hump and things will start changing much faster from here on in . 
  i actually do n't know but i know they have two training groups a year and have have about 250 pcvs in country at anytime . 
  booze . 
  it hosts the largest number of peace corps volunteers of any country on the planet . 
  you should have told him to go to shkoder or korca . 
  i never felt that the people living in tirone were that welcoming . 
  most of the roads in albania are crap because they are in remote areas . 
  the country is small enough though that what few nice roads it has are in the more traveled regions . 
  if i remember correctly there are about 4 modern highways and each one has sections that are just awful . 
  it is getting better however most road construction trends to happen around election season so things might stop again pretty soon as the national elections were this weekend . 
  most of the roads in albania are crap because they are in remote areas . 
  the country is small enough though that what few nice roads it has are in the more traveled regions . 
  if i remember correctly there are about 4 modern highways and each one has sections that are just awful . 
  it is getting better however most road construction trends to happen around election season so things might stop again pretty soon as the national elections were this weekend . 
  you know never once when i was there did anyone bring up that similarity . 
  thanks!me and / u/noteverything were both in the peace corps there . 
  i lived near korca for over two years and he lives in the dibra region . 
  they also mentioned all the chrome in albania on that episode as well, 
  i have a lot of friends who are worried about people losing jobs because of the far reaching spoils system that exists in the elections there . 
  hey man would you mind posting that video in r/balkans and r/albania ? 
  i 'm sure the folks over there would be interested . 
  po is yes . 
  jo is no . 
  the head shake from side to side is yes . 
  the up and down had shake is no . 
  they have a terrible government but some really bright kids . 
  still super poor for the most part . 
  they are at least 20 years from eu integration . 
  they have some pretty nice beaches and the country is absolutely covered in mountains . 
  sadly it is also covered in trash . 
  they do n't tolerate extremists from any religion for the most part and most of the muslims there are bektashi so they have no qualms about drinking booze or smoking . 
  italian is more widely spoken than english . 
  there are two unesco world heritage sites in the country , berat and gjirokaster .
