  while the language is on its own branch of the indoeuropean language tree , albanians have incorporated lots of greek and turkish words into their language . 
  the roads are mostly crap though they are getting better . 
  they just opened up a tunnel through the mountains from tirana to elbasan which is awesome . 
  albanians tend to be mistreated by greek government officials . 
  the albanian dream is to move to detroit or boston . 
  flickr is right but you could also use any one of close to s hundred versions of how are you as well . 
  the double headed eagle was the coat of arms of the house of skanderbeg fyi, 
  sadly i 'm not surprised that something like that happened in lac . 
  there 's a reason why the peace corps left that town . 
  you ca n't go wrong with mici and mamalega . 
  based on my experience of having lived there and worked in the development sector for over two years i would say albania is at least 15-20 years away from joining the eu . 
  i could write a book about all the things wrong when it comes to their government and civil society . 
  their education system is so broken it 's tragic and their politicians are just awful . 
  i feel so bad for all of my friends that are there . 
  statistics and surveys of albania are generally not to be trusted in my experience . 
  it could go two ways . 
  either liam neeson goes to trapoja and kills every male around or he goes there with the intention of doing so only to realize that most albanians are generous and friendly , if not a bit despondent , people that believe things like blood feuds and the kanun are stupid traditions maintained by hillbillies and mafiosos . 
  albania is n't really a muslim country . 
  i got the same vibe in albania but we managed to find some pretty passionate high school students who were interested in becoming the leading the way to improving their communities . 
  the two countries face a lot of the same issues but romanians have been able to improve their country at ten times the pace of albania which means that if you can find go leaders in albania you can sure as geek find them in romania as well . 
  yeah that 's true but who is going to spend the time organizing the clean up , convincing people to volunteer their time to join in , and working with the local government to prevent the something situation from happening again ? 
  you know it 's funny , everyone i talk to complains about the trash . 
  i guess people get stuck thinking they are the only ones who give a shit but it 's too big of a problem for one individual to fix so they do n't do anything . 
  i 'm going to add the beautiful countryside to your pros and the awful parking situation in bucharest to your cons if you do n't mind . 
  but it 's comcastic !, 
  what more could you want ? 
  something might hit the fan in albania pretty soon . 
  they have elections in 10 days or so . 
  the albanian elections are coming up . 
  there 's been a boatload of drama around the central election committee and the constant fluctuation of the party coalitions . 
  there is a large chance of the pm and his party actually losing . 
  the other normal election bullshit is happening as well like the party higher ups causing power outages and then telling people that if they vote for them they will make sure the power stays on . 
  traveler ? 
  sometimes . 
  rich ? 
  not by western standards . 
  i 've been working as a peace corps volunteer in southeastern albania for the last two years . 
  i 'll be moving to bucharest to start teaching there soon . 
  haha i meant vinegar . 
  though you could go two a bar and ask for any number of fingers when ordering whiskey . 
  i 'll be living in bucharest but i plan on doing a lot of travel . 
  my girlfriend 's family lives in an area near brasov so i know i 'll be visiting that area eventually . 
  i would really like to do as much traveling in romania as i have done in albania , which is quite a lot . 
  i was agreeing with the poster who said that romania has n't always gotten along well with members of former yugoslavia . 
  i also know for a fact that there still some tensions between romania and hungary which , while not being in the balkans , is still a neighbor of romania . 
  from what i can tell the explosives are mostly homemade and so have a pretty good cost/benefit ratio when it comes to blowing up bunkers . 
  the people who have lost limbs or died as a result of the use of unstable explosives might say otherwise though . 
  i 've only ever seen expats drink it . 
  it 's way out of the price range of most albanians . 
  nope . 
  you can find strongbow a few places though . 
  not at all . 
  you can find some of the better european beers in a couple of the major cities but i 've never seen an american beer here . 
  i ca n't really argue against that since i do n't really know all that much about eastern europe . 
  what i meant by the map comment is that for much of modern history romania had a lot in common with the rest of the balkans in that it 1 ) was treated like a pawn ( that 's not exactly the word i 'm looking for but it 's all i could come up with ) by other european powers , 2 ) suffered under a communist dictatorship which still haunts society in many ways , and 3 ) is generally misunderstood by western europeans and americans . 
  yes , romania and it 's neighbors do n't have a history of getting along that well but that does n't mean it does n't live in the neighborhood ( i hope you understand that i 'm pretty tired so it might be making more sense in my head . ), 
  i wish . 
  i agree to an extent . 
  i do think that centuries of a tolerance for corruption and graft in politics plays a role though and this tolerance has rooted fairly deeply in the societies of the balkans . 
  that 's funny because a lot of the albanians in albania seem to think that kosovar albanians view them as backwards . 
  plenty of people have made money out of it . 
  sadly , most of those people have n't used any of it to help their countrymen out at all . 
  sadly , the beer in albania is nothing to write home about . 
  the wine i had earlier was one step above vinger . 
  i should have gone with the raki . 
  thanks . 
  i ca n't wait to see more of it . 
  i have n't spent much time in kosova . 
  i briefly traveled through gjakova and prizen when on the road to bajram curri in northern albanian . 
  but from what i can tell kosovar albanians tend to be a bit more well off economically than albanians living in albania but they also tend to be more religious than their cousins to the south since all religion was repressed during hoxha 's regime while it was much less restricted in yugoslavia . 
  raised catholic actually . 
  not much of anything these days . 
  sorry but i feel like you are missing a few things . 
  while romania and albania do have differences when it comes to cultural aspects they do have several similarities . 
  both of them were tightly controlled by paranoid dictators that refused to join with yugoslavia and the citizens of both countries suffered terribly under those regimes . 
  as much as albania is touted as a muslim country religion plays virtually no role in society as religion was banned for the duration of enver hoxha 's regime . 
  albanians are also not of slavic descent and have more in common with the ancient illyrians which inhabited the region before the romans came . 
  just as the romanians have vlad the impaler as a national hero for fighting against the turks , the most famous national hero in albania is skanderbej who fought against the turks for 25 years or so . 
  shqip , aka albanian , is also on a seperate branch on the language tree from slavic languages and actually has some ties to latin based languages . 
  also the vlach people settled in both romania and albania and the language is still spoken in both countries . 
  geographically , your map might be correct but it has very little relevance to modern history or politics . 
  yeah sure . 
  i 'm a peace corps volunteer , at least for the next month anyway . 
  i 've been working in a small town in the southeast of albania as an english teacher at the local high school for the last two years . 
  i 'm moving to romanian mostly because my girlfriend is romanian and lives in bucharest . 
  hey that was the name when i took it over . 
  i ca n't change it without deleting the whole thing . 
  they keep blowing them up for scrap metal actually . 
  even the smallest ones have like 300 euros worth of scrap metal inside which is about the monthly salary a doctor makes here . 
  not yet i 'm not . 
  being that no one else has posted anything about shqip , i guess i 'll step up to the plate . 
  i 'm not a native speaker though so sorry if i get a few things wrong . 
  shqip aka albanian is an odd language to say the least . 
  it is a indo european language that lies on its own [ brach ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/indoeuropeantree.svg ) of the language tree . 
  it is heavily influenced by latin and turkish and can sprinkled with italian , greek , and english phrases depending on which area you are in . 
  it is spoken mostly in albania , kosova , and macedonia although dialectical differences can make communication a little difficult at times when traveling between those areas . 
  the two main dialects are tosk and gegh . 
  tosk is a generally seen as standard albanian and has its orgins in the central and southern regions of albania . 
  gegh is mostly spoken in the northern areas of albania and in kosova . 
  it has a huge number of cases and clitics , though seeing as how i never studied most of them i 'm not going to try and explain them .
