it comes rather ironic when as a result you . . oh well . . 
  i think i summarised your behaviour plenty enough . 
  does mature include not being allowed to make a joke ? 
  or is this `` over your head '' joke considered insulting and offensive ? 
  that 's rather sensitive but on the other side you call other people sensitive based on that comment ? 
  you are contradicting yourself in various ways ... 
  patriotism is really well alive in europe way way more than you think . 
  think about sports where we go crazy about out own country jn any given sport , even when we could n't care less about that sport . 
  it also comes to show in tradition . 
  14 july in france , kings day in the netherlands , oktoberfest in germany and so on . . 
  however , we do have a huge problem with patriotism in politics . 
  for one , because it gets abused by a lot of politicians selling obscure political ideologies by abusing people 's patriotism . 
  some of the worst politicians alive are elected by making people believe that a vote for them is a vote for their country . 
  in a way , the line between nationalism and patriotism in politics is barely there, 
  that 's a rather petty comment ironically . 
  also seems like i am being mature and calm against someone who is being passive-agressive in various ways . 
  thanks for the input though !, 
  yup you are right , psychologist is the word which i was looking for . 
  i made a mistake and i will now put it aside as it does n't bother me . 
  i will not proceed to make sarcastic comments like `` you majesty '' or call a whole nation sensitive . 
  i will not be hypocritical or try to insult you by saying something like : `` i felt i should educate you on general knowledge . 
  we learn that kind of shit in high school . '', 
  for i am a mature human being who recognises the simplicity of an online forum . 
  i will probably sound like a psychiatrist , but here i go . 
  do you feel insulted because you feel like we negatively judge you because you did n't get the joke ? 
  again it 's really no problem and you have our forgiveness . 
  no one is making fun of you , insults you or is sensitive about it . 
  it really does n't matter as much as you think it does . 
  well for one you could have read the comment section , could have known this match is played about 2 years ago , could have known this is n't exactly normal , could have read the video description or checked from what channel it was from . 
  but no one is blaming for you not getting the joke . 
  it can happen , no one is mad nor sensitive . 
  i was just pointing out that the joke went over your head , which it did obviously . 
  then you fired the irony-missile by being a bit sensitive and triggered yourself . 
  it 's really not as much of a deal as you make of it . 
  opinions differ . 
  a one and a half minute video does n't seem a lot to me . 
  i get it , the joke is made after 10 seconds , but i do n't think the joke itself is too far for being vulgar . 
  i was just making a joke for you not getting the joke and deciding to call the commentator triggered ( which does n't seem very mature , does it ? ) . 
  then it is very hypocritical to call other people sensitive looking at you turning into sarcastic-mode and judge all the dutch as one . 
  here is the definition of hypocritical so we can both agree : `` of the nature of hypocrisy , or pretense of having virtues , beliefs , principles , etc. , that one does not actually possess : '' it 's just an online forum , no one is insulting you and no one is sensitive because they explain the situation . 
  try to keep your dignity, 
  i honestly do n't see to what degree this is to far ? 
  the sad part is that every political comment here is based upon recent events . 
  it 's really too much to sum up . 
  if you can summarise that in a satiric way , where does it go too far ? 
  we ca n't speak of the political horror of the turkish government ? 
  is that too far ? 
  ----- the joke . 
  ----- your head, 
  if you rather watch the match then you should know that this match was played about 2 years ago ... 
  me a dick ? 
  hmm . . 
  i figure you feel the remark where i tell i am the bigger person feels belittling to you ? 
  it says a lot that you feel this is a discussion about who or who not is a dick . 
  indeed a good idea to go away . 
  goodbye, 
  you are quite well mannered ? 
  till this point you have shown zero interest in other people 's opinion . 
  i can again repeat what you have been saying if that is what you desire ? 
  i thought so . 
  and yes you do remind me of a 15 year old me , not meant to be insulting . 
  it 's just the age where you take a stand and god forbid you give in a little . 
  i mean look at this , this was a discussion about voting behaviour amongst people who followed middle/lower education and yet there is 1 guy that managed to have a conversation full of personal attacks where he ironically calls himself `` well mannered '' ? 
  i think i do n't say anything crazy if i say that i shall walk away and be the bigger person looking at that summary, 
  you got to have the last word right ? 
  it 's funny because you kind of remind me of myself when i was 15 . 
  always wanted to win a discussion , even when it 's about nothing or when you are in the wrong . 
  thanks again for your mature , intelligent and not hypocrite behaviour . 
  you are right and every is wrong . 
  still 24 hours later and you still want to keep up a completely irrelevant discussion about where it seems at stake what i think about you so you want the last word , call me pretentious , an asshole and make sarcastic comment when again ... it 's completely irrelevant from the topic . 
  it seems that you allow yourself to heavily unnecessarily criticise other people and show childish behaviour , but when people rightfully want to be the bigger you do n't allow them to ? 
  but if it helps you move on : thank you for your intelligent input and mature behaviour . 
  i wish i was more like you, 
  in dwdd you see mostly left wing parties true , but that does n't make them a left-wing show . 
  for one they have a really broad audience , so you will always see them be open to tolerant politicians . 
  but also there is more variety in left wing parties and many right wing parties do n't answer when they get invited . 
  so dwdd = independent they never lured jan roos in any kind of trap , he completely made a fool out of himself . 
  is jan-roos , the guy who uses journalism to provoke people , the guy you want to take as example that if you are against him you are left winged ? 
  come on dude . 
  furthermore , correct me if i 'm wrong , but pauw is a right wing voter . 
  pauw/jinek = independent the protesters yelling alluha akbar is completely 100 % irrelevant to the whole situation around what happened . 
  if anything it would have unfairly led to people voting for de-islamisation , even though it 's again not relevant to the situation . 
  that night i have watched the whole night to live reports of the nos reporting any action that was taken that night including that of our right wing prime-minister and the anti-dutch turkish reports only working in favour of right party 's . 
  the nos is completely independent . 
  it 's really quite frightening that there are people that look so subjectively into news and have a tunnel vision into believing any form of criticism is `` left-wing '' and entitle a timeline for 100 % controlled by the person himself as objective and fair . 
  yes frightening is the right word . 
  every leader of certain political ideology are highly educated . 
  away from being to form that ideology they also got a ( smart ) way to manipulate people and use chauvinism as a way to get in peoples head . 
  trump , putin , wilders and now erdogan all have a monopoly that a vote for them is a vote for their country/nationality/ethnicity . 
  but it 's the voters that get moved into supporting that ideology . 
  also the idea of learning history is to learn from past mistakes . 
  hardly learned that nationalism comes at a price . . 
  but in all seriousness , an arts degree is not as useless and funny as people pretend it to be on the internet . 
  of course it 's a funny meme and we have a good laugh about it , but if we were to read better into what an arts degree ( atleast here in the netherlands ) is all about we learn it 's not that simple . 
  they learn about political ideologies , historical art forms and philosophical ideas . 
  just today i saw an item about a dutch art student who studied the political street art and what ideologies they are related to in instanbul . 
  in fact , we learn that art students might be one of the best voters there are . 
  okay, 
  the only thing `` extremely '' stupid is an angry comment without any useful nor related content . 
  and for the knock-out punch : a lot of highly educated people voted for the right liberal party .
