  this was n't a reference to neither left or right but about the populism . 
  i suggest you educate yourself about dutch political parties and their point of views . 
  there are also many international websites that go in depth about the voting results . 
  ignorance is a dangerous weapon , help yourself . 
  are you fucking kidding me ... omg yes you are so right , it 's all a conspiracy . . why have n't i seen this before ... the lower educated were right all along ... 
  well wilders is n't exactly talking about those issues . 
  actually a party that does the most for those people has lost out the most . 
  it 's more that immigrants get a lot of blame for certain , mostly vague , problems . 
  this plus the current events happening with the is and the refugees has gained his increase in votes . 
  it 's sad because of that naivety we will get a cabinet which is mostly liberal and wo n't do a lot for those people . 
  the extreme right movement is based upon chauvinism/nationalism and discrimination . 
  of course there are people who are well educated who support that kind if movement , but it 's a small minority where you can still make conclusions based upon . 
  yesterday less than 15 % of the pvv voters were highly educated ( university or college ) . 
  this is the best thing of the elections , period, 
  in the south ? 
  also vvd still scored pretty well in major cities . 
  so not against what end up happening . 
  a few interesting things is for instance groningen , where the vvd is barely the biggest party in opposition to the rest of the country because of the trouble of the gas extraction . 
  it has led to various small earthquakes and damage to houses and the negotiations to help the people there are n't exactly going smooth . 
  also that in most major cities , the pvv is n't even the second biggest party , except for rotterdam where the pro-erdogan protests were . 
  green left gained the most votes in the major cities . 
  trump really won a lot of votes by promising jobs to the working class by supporting upper class job providers . 
  but trump is not comparable overall to other extreme right wing leaders as people think he is . 
  i sound like an asshole ? 
  you are trying to belittle me by making a sarcastic comment , calling me pretentious an deleting your comment , but i 'm an asshole because i 'm being the bigger person ? 
  that 's it . 
  i 've seen everything ... 
  i do n't see much value in continue to talk about the reason why you deleted your comment and quite frankly i am not sure why you care so much about what i think it is . 
  but if i was to guess what you would do differently in that comment , it 's probably a change in the sarcastic under tone and finishing it of with `` ffs . . '' . 
  i want to leave it at that, 
  well first i just reacted to the fact your claim is not right and you were being quite pretentious yourself obviously . 
  i think that 's the original reason for you to delete your comment . 
  i again just suggest you to read yourself in the difference in ideologies of the far right in european countries and what they have in common , what entitles them `` extreme right '' ? 
  hmmm deleting your comment seems a rather immature way to react to someone who just educated you on the matter . 
  it proves my point that you do support the far right based upon a lack of knowledge, 
  no not at all . 
  just implying that uneducated people vote rather based on emotion and chauvinism, 
  extreme right = / = employment small rural areas i suggest you first educate yourself about ideologies of the far right before making such claims also important to know is that the liberal party that won in the netherlands is more fruitful for employment , so is the party of the labour on the left . 
  no i get to say ffs twice , right ? 
  in the us the highest percentage group of voters to trump came from uneducated people . 
  in the netherlands over 85 % of the people that voted wilders had middle/lower education . 
  erdogan was chosen also by people who did n't follow higher education , from small villages . 
  moral of the story . . education = key, 
  it 's very comforting that someone like him and some other eu countries speak out their support . 
  of course we know that other countries also disapproves of erdogan 's and turkey 's recent action and their abuse of the democratic system , but to speak up about it is something else . 
  can we make a deal where we can stop this `` left-wing shows '' lies ? 
  i mean it has now been long enough where somehow people think criticism is false by calling every show that has criticism `` left wing '' even when they are right or/and independent . 
  npo is not `` left-winged '' . 
  and wilders twitter timeline is not a legit source of objective news . 
  clear ? 
  you often see that places with very little immigrants vote for a party like the pvv . 
  it 's ignorance at it 's best, 
  good on you mocking the 15,5 million people that disagree with his ideas . 
  ooh i was talking about the vvd, 
  do you have a source of that ? 
  a lot of right wing supporters turn away from the news because they entitle it as left and untrustworthy . 
  the pvv was by far the most mentioned in social media . 
  of course not everyone lets themselves influence by social media so it ca n't be fully effective , but still a part . 
  was more talking about the influence of canadian politics rather than him showing resemblance, 
  yea they do n't seem to be handling it well lol . 
  looks like they created this group to support this kind of populism without being disturbed . 
  they also do n't seem to realise that the right wing in the netherlands is liberal , that the left are in no way `` elite '' but labour and green parties and seem to be proud of `` the far right being far ahead in making memes '' . 
  it 's like . . what ? 
  the first counted votes show that the pvv is not even the second party, 
  another funny thing is that some dutch companies make a lot of money from export of green energy . 
  that being the result of market freedom in innovation . 
  so it really is not only beneficial environmental , but do n't underestimate the amount of money we can make . 
  pvv wanted to cut all budget in both innovation and green energy . 
  i meant that the role of the canadian prime minister were irrelevant to the dutch voter . 
  what klaver did based upon people like that prime minster is another story . 
  they got punished for the savings of the last years and for other parties like gl gaining votes . 
  unfair because of the crisis they did n't get to follow their campaign plan . 
  there is still a chance they will enter the cabinet . 
  charisma , looks and confidence undoubtedly help . 
  in debates people really judge how politicians take their stand . 
  but i do n't feel canadian politics have any influence on dutch politics . 
  a bit of a misplaced and unnecessary one , bit below my level to attack someone personally if they disagree . . 
  sour puss because i tell you it 's not relevant to his gain in votes ? 
  not so sensitive if someone disagrees . 
  either or not he resembles the canadian prime minster has nothing to do with his gain in votes and is completely irrelevant, 
  yea , those votes were mostly gained last election because people started to tactically vote because they wanted to either pvda or vvd to be the bigget . 
  so now they do n't have that rivalry , a lot more people vote more what they want . 
  i still got good hopes that these are more closer . 
  people in the netherlands are more tolerant and opener about what they vote and of course it 's not a `` one or the other '' system like there . 
  a lot of votes for the left party got divided between other left parties like gl , pvdd and denk . 
  even some for a mid party d66 . 
  well not exactly , they were a cabinet with a left party . 
  but now that party lost a lot so we will still see a more right cabinet . 
  but not as extreme as in the populistic trend we got coming . 
  voting is 5 seconds but to fold that thing took me over an hour, 
  so . . you are concluding that they are lying based upon your claim that `` they are not morons '' ? 
  does n't seem very solid, 
  short summary i say a vote out of fear and discrimination and fear is wrong you get triggered and say something i did n't say you do n't apologise and go on to tilt you continue to be angry i give you an explanation you suggest things like editing and keep being angry you know what , i 'm gon na be the bigger person and thank you for confirming my point and wave you goodbye . 
  good luck putting false words into people 's mouth and making up numbers . 
  good luck lying to defend your view and good luck making a wrong decision . 
  again i never ever claimed that the only reason to vote pvv is out of fear and discrimination . 
  i simply stated to think again if that 's the reason you want to vote pvv . 
  you lie about numbers to make a point , you intentionally lie about what someone tells , you do n't even attempt to apologise . 
  you just confirmed every stereotype . 
  but i see you made a decision and apparently are willing to lie to defend that decision .
