  disgusting , not my style , but go ahead with something that is a wrong decision . 
  also editing might be your style , but it sure as hell is not my style . 
  `` hmm ... my point is weak ... maybe if i just make up some numbers that are impossible , people will believe it '', 
  seriously , i gave you a chance to make up your mistake , probably to even apologise but i get the idea that you do n't even realise how dumb you are ? 
  some people have such a big ego they even believe their own lies . 
  i never said that the only reason to vote pvv is fear and discrimination . 
  i said that a lot of people vote for the pvv out of fear and discrimination which is the wrong decision . 
  to help you further i give you [ this ] ( https://www.englishclass101.com/ ) link and also [ this ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/perform-well-in-a-debate ) will come in handy . 
  please learn that putting false words into someones mouth is the lowest form of discussing a topic . 
  yea i am . 
  and that does n't include you considering that you debate using only one sentence where you apparently felt the need to put false words in my mouth . 
  this kinda proves my point, 
  again , deal with it is a rather unpleasant way to discuss a certain topic as you just shove it away rather than discuss as to why you do not find it a good choice . 
  i am always for freedom of choice and i do n't think there is necessarily a wrong choice . 
  i do however think that choosing for the wrong reasons is a wrong choice . 
  i see a lot of people voting for pvv and see people claiming that they do n't want to get helped by someone wearing headscarf . 
  i see people claiming that immigrants are taking our country . 
  i see people claiming that this country is on fire and shove every bad happening onto immigrants . 
  somehow finding discrimination socially acceptable for what happens with refugees and the is . 
  i see people not knowing the small campaign plan of the pvv and i almost never met a voter for wilders that did n't turn into cursing instead of a good argument . 
  so think about it again if you think a vote for the pvv is for any of other reasons than fear and discrimination . 
  `` deal with it '' i really am confused as to why people use that sentence . 
  it 's just a weak sentence to stop any form of discussion without any explanation . 
  really wondering why people who tell other people that are on an online forum . 
  erdogan ( turkish angry man ) starts up a referendum about him gaining more power and stop elections dutch elections are coming up erdogan wants some of his diplomats to campaign in europe countries because a lot of turkish live there dutch cabinet wants to negotiate before they campaign turkish ministers are threatening the netherlands with diplomatic and economical sanctions because of that the prime-minister of the netherlands decides these diplomats are not welcome because of this all erdogan calls the dutch nazi 's and facists a few hundred turkish people protest in rotterdam ( not even all from the netherlands ) the turkish sent the turkish minister of family business to the netherlands where she was not welcome and sent back erdogan proceeds to tell more lies turkish papers tell a lot of false anti-dutch propaganda that 's pretty much globally everything without going in detail . 
  it would be a good change to see him explain why it would be the best thing instead of just making statements, 
  yea rutte got to show his stand on this topic where normally people pretended wilders is the only one . 
  but looking that basically every ( except denk ) supports his decision , we can conclude that einstein 's quote was right when he said that human stupidity is endless, 
  i 'm honestly curious who will count the votes, 
  never underestimate people making simple decisions out of fear and without thinking . 
  but we got good hopes he will not be the biggest . 
  well lets hope not . 
  he somehow got a monopoly where people think he is the only one against immigrants and terrorism . 
  but anyone looking only one step further knows he and his party are entirely incapable . 
  this description written about him here is also a bit ... more positive than it actual is . 
  basically anyone supporting erdogan . 
  but that was meant jokingly edit : well actually it 's indirectly true, 
  yea that i know , meaning there is more than the eye can see . 
  but is unseen for the turkish . 
  but i want to hear from someone from the turkish community . 
  is n't there a moment you hear this and think `` ooh crap ? 
  it 's basically tolerance of stupidity lol, 
  well it 's not denk , it 's their supporters . 
  but denk also never took a stand against erdogan or approved what rutte did . 
  so i am certain he just does n't say it because of the negative reactions he will probably get, 
  are n't the turkish ashamed of this guy ? 
  why do so many turkish believe these lies , they can all check facts and got access to the internet ? 
  why are people voting yes to a referendum which makes him a dictator ? 
  is there someone from turkey who can answer these questions ? 
  it 's not necessarily that he wants to take in more refugees . 
  if the current situation is improved we will be looking to take in more immigranta . 
  somehow wilders has this monopoly where people believe he is the only one who wants to fight terrorism . 
  somehow we got at a line where discrimination against various nationalities is more okay and somehow we find the events of the is reason enough to discriminate all the moslims that live in peace ... ooh and asking critical questions about this guy does n't give you an answer , you 'll most likely be called a `` left scumbag '' . 
  his voters even agree with him bailing on his debates because `` the media is left '' ... 
  in the netherlands we have a village exactly like that one called [ bourtange ] ( http://www.brinkhotel.nl/media/image/image_2017-02-24-11-29-44_58b00b18215fa_vesting-bourtange-luchtfoto.jpg ), 
  i 'm on your side . 
  they sent various groups of those patrolling cars into the netherlands to fool the dutch police . 
  it 's disgusting what they are doing . 
  i hope eu countries stand besides the dutch statement . 
  it does and it was n't necessarily that the dutch were against them campaigning . 
  but when discussing the campaigns , turkey threatened the dutch parlement . 
  it 's only logical that 's where they put the line . 
  this is an old video and not related to todays event . 
  it would be a good idea to remove this or replace the title to what it actually is ... 
  even worse, 
  it will increase his power as president of turkey . 
  i do n't know everything in detail , but for one he can pass certain rules without approval of his senate and secondly ... there wo n't be elections for a very long time . 
  they also once arrested and jailed a dutch-turkish columnist because she wrote a column where she showed criticism towards the turkish government . . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  a mayor of a city that got bombed by nazi 's , yet called nazi 's by erdogan ... 
  so it seems , they really show their chauvenism . 
  but i would like to know if these people really know in depth what erdogan wants . 
  it seems like he is just the turkish version of all the right politicians emerging in europe and of course the us . 
  bad idea ... for one they are not really high in numbers and secondly , turkish people are already protesting at the dutch embassy . 
  it would probably escalate and looming at the statements of the turkish ministers , they will not get protected by the turkish police . 
  is there anyone from turkey that can explain why they are so in favour of a referenda that stops democratic elections and increases erdogan 's power and make him a dictator ? 
  so they actually let multiple patrolling cars in groups enter the netherlands at the same time to mislead the police so the minister would n't get caught ... 
  war ? 
  attacking turkish people ? 
  whatever you are smoking , i want it as well, 
  the claims that the coop in turkey was planned to gain popularity was ridiculous to me at first . 
  but the fact they purposely sent the turkish minister of family care to get her refused makes me wonder ... 
  she was currently staying in germany , leaving to the netherlands because she was simply the closest turkish minister, 
  looking at the fact that the plane with turkish politician got already refused , they knew she would get refused as well . 
  she is minister of familly bussiness and simply the closest one to rotterdam . 
  her ministry has nothing to do with this topic long story short : they sent her so she would get refused and make a statement that the netherlands is against democracy . 
  that 's how low they sank, 
  blinded by chauvinism . 
  they think a vote for this guy is a vote for turkey , it 's insane . 
  they stay in europe because of more civil liberties and will vote for a law to stop elections in turkey and cheer for erdogan calling both germany and europe nazi 's . 
  of there is a top 10 of most hypocrite people , these people will fill all those places, 
  these are people that will vote yes to a law to stop elections in turkey and give erdogan more power . 
  i 'm genuinely surprised they know how to breathe and capable of putting on their shoes, 
  it 's like the problematic kid that has problems at school and socially and then realises all their anger at its parents . 
  turkey is in a warzone between syria and ukraine plus the refugee storm from the south and greece . 
  somehow find this a good moment to clash with basically every eu country . 
  he did a few , but with some rules . 
  he skipped on one debate because they invited 6 instead of 4 parties , another because he did n't like the format and one more debate because `` it 's no fun '' . 
  i think the group of voters he tries to reach has already been reached and debating would only put it in danger . 
  he also does n't really trust media and therefore uses twitter as his media source ( wonder who he got that from ) .
