  i agree recessions are natural and there has been a deliberate sabotage of the working class to create inequality . 
  however , mass immigration is one of those tools . 
  if somebody wont be a cleaner on the minimum wage then law of supply and demand says that you should increase your offer . 
  immigration is a way of by passing that . 
  that is why the working classes feel threatened by mass immigration . 
  even mark carney admitted that wage compression is a result of this . 
  if you look at wealth . 
  china has gotten much wealthier whereas as americans have gotten poorer , because jobs are being sent off to china . 
  that creates a homogenizing . 
  these factory jobs may return to the us but only because chinese labour has gotten so expensive that american labour is competitive . 
  well when a person from say newcastle goes to london to find work they are competing with native londoners ( although few exist these days ) and in doing so reduce possible wages . 
  difference is that poland has a dramatically lower cost of living and they send money back homes , so its a big threat to the working classes . 
  people from say the north east still atleast have vigorous regulation/standards and benefits that attempts to cancel it out . 
  if freedom of movement creates an equilibrium across europe then what does that mean ? 
  it means the middle class shrinks as the wages become harmonized across europe . 
  that means there is not enough consumers because everyone is just poor and keeping their head above water . 
  i am bigoted against people who think a child molester is the greatest example to all mankind . 
  i plead guilty to that . 
  what special treatment exactly ? 
  the schengen area ? 
  is that what you mean ? 
  if it is then you have bought into the scapegoating of the uk because schengen has nothing to do with the eu . 
  even austria suspended it during the height of the refugee crisis . 
  the euro ? 
  do you know why the uk did n't join the euro ? 
  because whilst all these euro zone countries were fiddling their numbers the uk was taking the requirements of the maastricht treaty seriously . 
  the eu can not force a member state to take the euro if it does n't meet the requirements hence why sweden is n't in the euro despite not having an opt out . 
  so basically the anger is that the uk is n't signing up to disastrous policies so therefore its the uk that is dragging europe down . 
  the 1955 messina conference the uk was only invited at the very last minute at a point where it was too late to consult parliament . 
  i also believe it was on a bank holiday if i recall history . 
  the uk was never really invited to join because they feared that the uk would limit integration . 
  to the contrary really . 
  the uk was the advocate for expansion when france did not . 
  it is really france that is responsible for norway not being part of the eu by demanding fisheries as a price . 
  the eu needs to be ridden off and start again but this time with two eu 's . 
  one just being a free trade area and the other being a federal europe . 
  the latter is unlikely as germany cant seem to grasp the common sense that some countries will have to run deficits and be a drain , in the same way that eastern germany was a drain during reunification . 
  i genuinely fear that the eu will cause ww3 with its unnacountability and its stifling of nationalism . 
  precisely . 
  this is why i stopped supporting ukip because i realised what they were doing . 
  that they were actually politically correct cowards who scapegoat the immigrants that are the least of a problem . 
  yes , immigration from eastern europe is higher than i would want but i would rather have 4 poles for every muslim that comes to this country . 
  the uk has an anxiety that i think is linked to the fact that we are an island . 
  the same concerns i have seen with malta and other much smaller islands . 
  even places like jersey which are crown dependencies and consider themselves british require permits for uk citizens . 
  this referendum result could have been avoided if the eu had just given the uk a unique status . 
  they claim its `` a la carte '' but its hypocritical considering france and germany got to make all the rules from the start and the uk only got in because it gave up fisheries and agreed to cap . 
  i think most brits privately admit they just dont want muslim immigrants anymore . 
  not just because of their religion but also because immigration from india and pakistan is far more expensive than eastern europeans . 
  i have no problem with european immigration . 
  maybe its about 100k people a year higher than i would like but they integrate perfectly . 
  you seen the reaction to trump calling for imo a sensible ban on muslim immigration . 
  its just too taboo to say because its a race and a religion . 
  because eastern europeans are white it is not so they get thrown in front of the bus , which is a shame . 
  what kind of immigration do you mean ? 
  i mean eu immigration i.e. 
  immigrtaion from eastern european countries . 
  i have a far bigger problem with pakistan/bangladesh immigration which can be controlled to some extent but overall i think eu nations should have final say on all forms of immigration . 
  this means they get to decide refugee policies , eu quotas and can overrule echr verdicts of `` right to private life '' if it affects immigration . 
  i dont get what makes zizek special . 
  he seems to like a good ramble but i am not sure what makes him special . 
  a us of europe is a good idea i just dont think the uk can be part of it and that 1 ) immigration has to be curbed if it is going to have legitimacy and 2 ) we can not care for the entire third world . 
  as long as these countries stick to the euro then i have no sympathy for them . 
  greece should have dumped it ages ago and if they had they would be turning the situation around by now . 
  germany is going to have to accept at some point that if one country runs a surplus another have to run a deficit . 
  sadly the germans have bought into the `` lazy '' greek . 
  france didnt reject the uk because they thought they would be an obstacle to integration . 
  they rejected them because they wanted the uk to agree to the cap and common resource of fisheries . 
  the uk before got its food much cheaper from the common wealth . 
  regardless there is a safeguard measure in eea against freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement is bullshit and just a political agenda . 
  if i get someone to do my lawn it doesnt mean they get to live in my shed . 
  yes , mike . 
  @veritto their is like 800k poles in the uk . 
  its like the highest immigrant community from the eu . 
  poland like that because it means they can dump unemployed somewhere else . 
  probably . 
  parliament is not bound by the referendum but it has been accepted . 
  it could be avoided by another referendum if the eu offers the uk a better deal . 
  if the eu offered an end to freedom of movement or a suspension of it then the remain would win easily . 
  i do n't think juncker or eastern european countries are willing to do accept that . 
  overall i am 90 % sure we will leave . 
  the scottish parliament is basically a very powerful local council . 
  it has a lot of powers but it is not sovereign . 
  anything the uk legislates can overrule it and the uk has a right to territorial integrity ie scotland belongs to the uk . 
  it is unlikely any uk government would give scotland another referendum . 
  they would n't have given scotland the last referendum if they knew it would be so close and it wold be unpopular with the rest of the non scotland electorate . 
  edit : also the snp dont have a majority in the scottish parliament anyway . 
  they would have to get 3 more to get it through . 
  i am not sure if that is possible . 
  maybe if some on the greens allow it . 
  freedom of movement is a really unpopular policy in the uk . 
  there is a feeling that we are being smothered and worse that we are being replaced with cheap non unionized workers . 
  accepting it would be a betrayal of what people voted for . 
  that being said the conservatives and definitely labour would accept it . 
  the conservatives grudgingly for single market access . 
  they are very market orientated so it means a lot to them . 
  labour are left wing pro immigration , which is why they took a battering to ukip at the last election . 
  i ca n't see the eu making a compromise . 
  if they would then they would have during the negotiations but poland would never accept it .
