juncker is n't even allowed on the negotiation team so stfu old man . 
  groundhog day, 
  do n't be like that . 
  the uk is nato . 
  we commit to 2 % when everyone is doing nothing . 
  we put a ridiculous amount of money into foreign aid and we have been subsidising the eu for ages . 
  we advocate for our interests as it should be . 
  i would say that maybe a max of 5 % of brits think of themselves as european . 
  the majority of remainers just voted for economic reasons . 
  there is no love for the eu in the uk despite what media tells you . 
  no , its not . 
  they have a different agreement that is based on a bunch of bilateral agreements that collapse if one thing is rejected . 
  the uk is in the eea that has a provision that stops a freedom . 
  its that simple . 
  but they are not in the eea . 
  the `` restore balance '' means like for like not if one member state suspends free movement then every agreement comes crashing down . 
  if they want to put visa requirements up in retaliation that is fine by me . 
  the uk is leaving the eu not the eea . 
  the provision is unilateral not bilateral meaning it does n't need permission from member states . 
  they will activate it after the french and german elections . 
  hopefully le pen wins , which would make discussions easier . 
  the french have always been hostile . 
  no , its not . 
  the `` emergency '' bit is regarding activating it within a months notice . 
  you can activate it before hand without it being a emergency . 
  more of a `` i hired you to mow my lawn . 
  you have done that and yet you are sleeping in my shed !, 
  get the fuck out of my shed '' . 
  switzerland is not in the eea . 
  aye and there is one big gtfo clause called article 112 . 
  only losers with nothing to offer fear having to get a visa to work in `` europe '' . 
  if you have a skill then you get in . 
  its real simple . 
  even the guardian has admitted its in the eea and that the only reason norway does n't do it is because it can be reciprocal , but we brits do n't care if we need visa for europe . 
  deal with it . 
  there is nothing the eu can do . 
  its written into the eea that you can opt out of freedom of movement . 
  great . 
  they can get out of their country faster . 
  i think uniforms are a good idea . 
  i just think they should be cheap and simple . 
  maybe just wear all white or something . 
  basically it should be just a default look , to stop kids from competing with each other on who has the latest fashion . 
  he 's a barrel of fun is n't he ? 
  i told you freedom of movement could be suspended under eea . 
  there is nothing to negotiate here . 
  it is the uk 's right to choose the people it lets into this country and even the eea agrees . 
  i have ideas . 
  one idea is to have london and the south east be its own region with its own assembly , with the houses of parliament being that . 
  the capital can be moved north . 
  perhaps birmingham . 
  the south west can have there own . 
  the north west and north east can have a shared assembly . 
  alternatively we could have 2 parliaments . 
  one that is just economic of matters and the other can be for social things , such as euthanasia , drug legalization etc. 
  the political system has to change though . 
  economically i do n't know . 
  i do n't think any government around the world knows right now . 
  everything is being automated but finance is another extreme . 
  its too big a part of the economy and its just funding speculation and asset prices . 
  we need to do what germany did and that is invite business leaders , education and industry in the same rule and make some sort of deal . 
  its probably going to go in the way of software but i do n't know . 
  not really . 
  the city of london can go fuck itself along with its insolvent banks . 
  british people feel shame . 
  maybe its just a british thing though . 
  resign already . 
  oh yes woe is me . 
  must be so hard being a scot with that 9bn deficit and getting two votes . 
  do n't like westminster ? 
  get another vote !, 
  the snp will make sure they damage the union if it means extorting some extra privileges from the union . 
  but yes woe is scotland . 
  those poor poor scots with their free prescriptions and minimal muslim immigration . 
  well if you have learned from brexit `` we had enough of experts '' . 
  this is pretty much what happened with the uk . 
  we gave scotland and wales there own assembly and then we got the snp and plaid cymru . 
  big mistake from blair . 
  you could do that but in the long run it will hurt spain more . 
  you cant force a people to stay together ... unless its the middle east or something . 
  in europe they would not accept war . 
  it would be yugoslavia with spain as the bad guys . 
  what will catalonia do without that broke neighbour . 
  what is spain going to do ? 
  ok that would be interesting . 
  i am sure the international community will just watch a civil war because spain ca n't accept it . 
  as for the eu . 
  why does catalonia have to be in the eu ? 
  the uk is leaving . 
  they become independent . 
  cant catelonia just make a referendum without permission and just go for it ? 
  looking at the picture he is clearly not european : https://twitter.com/mailonline/status/756552313616101376, 
  now now . 
  we do n't know if it was muslim terrorism . 
  it could be the ira or the catholic church getting revenge for marin luther . 
  the eu would be perfect for us brits ... . . if we were the only ones in it . 
  these countries do have a say on the council of ministers so yes , they are the eu . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  give them some pork . 
  the imf has predicted us to grow just a few days ago .
