  this campaign should never be about benefits but democracy and pure numbers of people net in the uk . 
  i am happy that poles get benefits in the uk . 
  if they were denied it then it would be the first step toward more indigenous people being denied it by the masochistic tories . 
  farage lost his election the instant he brought up hiv . 
  the guy does n't know when to shut up or talk about something else than immigration . 
  talk about preaching to the quire . 
  how about actually make an exit plan ? 
  if we lose this referendum then its because of the arrogance of the leave side not making an exit plan . 
  the misuse of drugs act . 
  complete failure ... other than locking up poor people . 
  the tories love that . 
  you could apply the whole article to all of islamic history . 
  they are a religion of war at a time of nuclear weapons and diplomacy . 
  whilst christian nations are feeding and clothing them , they are memorizing some 8th century book . 
  as soon as they get a visa they will flee their muslim lands but still flirt with this `` golden age '' of sharia law . 
  ` and an expectation that conversion may aid asylum applications . ', 
  the likeliest scenario is that the uk joins the eea and then efta aka the norway option . 
  there is no other model ... yet . 
  if we can get some other eurosceptic countries to join us then we could form something greater . 
  google eureferendum and you get a website called ... . eurefendum.com and that has a full and realistic plan called flexcit . 
  the media , including the beeb , just likes morons on tv . 
  they dare not give publicity to people that actually know what they are talking about . 
  hardly a surprise . 
  if germany wants it they get it . 
  if uk want something its `` little england '' . 
  schengen has nothing to do with the eu . 
  this is the blatant lies and propaganda i speak of . 
  cameron claiming we have the `` best of both worlds '' and listing things that are not even required for the eu . 
  i 'll give you another example of deceit . 
  during the lisbon treaty the eu was well aware that the uk would reject the treaty in a referendum so they gave gordon brown the treaty in incomprehensible format so that he could tell the brits that it was n't a treaty . 
  we already have a us of e. politicians just dont like using that phrase because it would dawn of people what they have lost . 
  their birth right . 
  i am against the eu in any supra national form . 
  i want an efta europe with some limits to immigration . 
  i know you europeans keep hearing us brits banging on about it but 300k a year net on an island ? 
  i am sure france would love to gobble up more of its budget to stop french farmers from looking for a real job . 
  lol the europhiles talking about dishonesty . 
  a side that has given nothing but 54 years of lies and deceit . 
  hannan shoul of brought up ttip but then hes prob in favour of it . 
  thats a lot of words for th tories vote to block anti dumping regulation . 
  seems odd to me . 
  everyone in the uk i know is deeply skeptical of america . 
  i guess the question could be a bit confusing . 
  people do n't like the us and think their foreign policy is evil and all over the place but they do have the nukes . 
  scotland is not in the eu . 
  seriously find me one piece of treaty that recognizes scotlands membership of the eu . 
  its not there . 
  only the uk is in the eu , which if they leave means they would have to apply for eu membership . 
  but i am fine if scotland goes . 
  they are broke and at this point an ugly wife threatening divorce . 
  the uk is just the ultimate scapegoat for everything in the eu . 
  this is a great idea . 
  it has been proposed for about half a century and so hopefully the swiss lead the way . 
  the scottish referendum had a ridiculously high turnout so i definitely think it will get 80 % . 
  superb performance . 
  yes , i think the falklands are the iron islands . 
  the eu was designed to not work . 
  the euro was designed to fail . 
  crises leads to more powers . 
  never let a good crises go to waste . 
  problem is people have wizened up to the magic trick ever since the lisbon treaty and the internet has exposed their plan . 
  if the eu wants a federalist government then fine . 
  be honest and have a founding fathers-like convention , have a referendum and the states that agree can sign it . 
  just be honest . 
  the lack of honesty is testing even the most pro eu supporter . 
  oh and ttip . 
  polls dont mean anything . 
  the remain camp has the advantage . 
  it has the fear factor and that is worth a good 5-10 % alone . 
  russia honestly has n't done anything to the eu . 
  the biggest threat is the eu itself by binding its members to out of date conventions on `` refugees '' . 
  actually this vandalism is actually false . 
  the schengen agreement has nothing to do with the eu and germany actually suspended it during the migrant crises meaning you had to take id with you . 
  in 1946 the uk and france agreed to get rid off visa 's well before the eu was a thing . 
  click the link if you dont believe me : http://treaties.fco.gov.uk/docs/fullnames/pdf/1946/ts0071%20 ( 1946 ) % 20cmd-7003 % 201946 % 2024-27 % 20dec , % 20london % 3b % 20notes % 20between % 20his % 20majesty 's % 20gov % 20in % 20uk % 20 & % 20gov % 20of % 20french % 20republic % 20concerning % 20mutual % 20abolition % 20of % 20visas.pdf, 
  is this the reddit topic or will there be another one made ? 
  because the leave camp is utterly feckless and has n't done any research . 
  hell they could just keep spamming junckers quote that `` personally i do n't think britain needs european union '' . 
  for me it would be iceland . 
  geographically it is small and isolated making it very easy to administer hence the no bailouts . 
  no real responsibilities . 
  no having multiculturalism forced down their throat . 
  sounds like paradise minus the weather but still . 
  a good life i reckon . 
  also they are n't in the eu and have fishing . 
  [ removed ], 
  disclaimer : i dont agree with what russia did in ukraine . 
  i know russia did something illegal and i do n't agree with what they did but i think all this rhetoric about `` putin would be happy '' and the sanctions . 
  it just seems to me draconian and bigoted . 
  the uk and us invaded a country that had nothing to do with 911 but no sanctions . 
  turkey . 
  turkey !, 
  a country that is illegally occupying a eu member state has zero sanctions on it and in fact germany is doing a deal with them to keep refugees . 
  how can merkel , a witness to soviet occupation , do such a thing ? 
  talk about hypocrisy . 
  yes , it was wrong what they did and they paid for it through sanctions , which really should be lifted because they are n't acheiving anything other than harm for both economies . 
  crimea is ethnically russian and ukraine is a failed state . 
  if you were ukrainian would you want to be part of 3rd world ukraine or join russia who experienced rapid growth pre sanctions ? 
  its a no brainer . 
  what we need to do is end the sanctions and start negotiating with russia .
