  yeah you can see the problem . 
  oh and the supreme court is in mexico , of which you have free movement with . 
  thanks !, 
  bye bye europe . 
  you can be the dictatorship we all know you want to be , now . 
  and our government , including the vast majority of the tories , are pro eu . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  tells you they like it and why would n't they ? 
  even thatcher could n't muster the courage to privatize royal mail but the eu did . 
  hey bbc . 
  maybe its not due to backlash against the `` elites '' but that people dont want 28 unelected dictators in control . 
  the commission is unelected . 
  not even answerable to the person appointed . 
  the parliament , 36 % turnout , cant even propose or get rid off legislation , so you can only go further toward integration . 
  londocracy, 
  i am so fucking proud !, 
  london you better not fuck us or we will get rid off you !, 
  this is like the berlin wall falling . 
  indeed its just deflection . 
  oh look something is bad here . 
  you cant complain about the eu . 
  they treat us like idiot . 
  if the eu descends into chaos then it only takes a dictator to use that army . 
  further , the next stage would be to end veto on army deployment . 
  its a scary development . 
  if we vote remain it will be same old same old with more powers to the commission , a eu army . 
  thats really neat . 
  i betcha it wont make a single dent . 
  we have 2 years to leave and we have a lot of eu hostages we can kill if they dont negotiate . 
  * `` we are not against europe as our opponents are always saying . 
  we want another europe , a better europe , one of nations , values , culture and identity , '' strache said . 
  `` the new fascism comes from the left and from radical islam . 
  '' * spot on . 
   slovakia slovakia is a small central country that is easy to administer . 
  its close to germany hence why it exports plenty of car parts . 
  i suspect that it has also received more aid following the collapse of the soviet union . 
  greece on the other hand is far away from the centre of europe where activity is generated . 
  greece only has some oil , which taken up much of its economy . 
  it 's just a really poor country with a really shitty geography . 
  greece has a really bad geography . 
  one of the reasons why they invaded so much land in ancient time was because geographically they have little place to do agriculture . 
  further , it is hilly full of many expensive islands to administer and has no natural resources . 
  the geography is similar to scotland in some respects who get a generous amount of barnett formula because its so expensive to administer . 
  as for economically ; if one country runs a surplus another has to run a deficit . 
  its a sea saw . 
  germany tells the pigs to deregulate etc but then they cry to the eu to regulate the crap out of them to stop them from competing . 
  that 's not to say that greece is n't corrupt . 
  it is . 
  however , debt does n't improve an economy . 
  it stifles it . 
  what countries and people need is debt relief . 
  the euro is actually a very good idea . 
  its just it does n't work without federalism and huge transfer payments to states that can not compete like greece . 
  germany is unwilling to accept that as are most non pig counries . 
  in contrast americans are quite accepting that a state like alabama will not pull its weight and those of new jersey will pick up the tab . 
  efta was and is working just fine . 
  we left because unlike germany we didnt get our debts wiped off and given free money in the marshall aid . 
  our economy was understandably lagging behind theirs and our politicians mistakenly assumed it was because of the eec . 
  quite the contrary . 
  before we joined in 73 we had a surplus with `` europe '' and when we joined we had a deficit of 2.6 bn whilst having to pay for frances feckless farmers nd having our fisheries raped . 
  gates doesnt know what he is talking about same as all these billionnaires that suddenly become experts on the eu after reading a panthlet . 
  free movement is not just an eu thing its in eea and efta . 
  besides all corporations want is cheap labour . 
  that was before the oil crash . 
  further , the north sea fields have to be decomissioned costing billions . 
  if scots want to leave let them . 
  they are broke . 
  if you do a google of chokkablog you will get a blog from a businessman from scotland who gives a very detailed analysis of scotlands finances using scottish parliament figures . 
  mp 's are not a good indicator of views . 
  many are being whipped into remain . 
  corbyn is a good example . 
  he clearly does n't give a damn . 
  as for scotland . 
  i am tired of going over this . 
  they are broke . 
  they have a deficit twice that of the uk , no currency , aging and obesity epidemic , expensive geography to administer and their black gold is worthless . 
  if scotland wants to join the eu they would have to undergo massive austerity to be admitted . 
  they are not going to allow another greece in the eu and euro . 
  i have been to paris , rome and malta . 
  this is a myth propagated by europhiles . 
  churchill wanted a european un not a single state . 
  the eu funds regions on purpose , to divide nations . 
  if the eu is so benevolent giving us some pocket change back then why do they feel the need to put `` eu funded this . 
  investing in your future '' everywhere they go ? 
  you do n't see signs saying the british government have funded x , y and z. 
  the rumour he said britain first is unsubstantiated . 
  in no way does low 's actions represent the majority of german people . 
  30-40 % tops . 
  oh look its almost like there are academics who have proven this : http://www.people.fas.harvard.edu/~iversen/pdffiles/lottkenny.pdf, 
  you have never heard of correlation does n't mean causation have n't you ? 
  in fact this is n't even a correlation . 
  if eu membership was so valuable then why did unemployment rise after 1973 ? 
  could it be because the costs of eu membership , such as importing food from france , the horrible agricultural and fishing policies were implement over time because they knew that doing it all at once would be a political disaster ? 
  you do n't know what you are typing about . 
  you have n't read a book on the uk - eu negotiations . 
  the uk had a surplus before it entered the eec with those countries . 
  as soon as we joined we had a deficit of 2.6 bn and had to pay for france 's feckless farmers because they did n't want to get a real job . 
  step 1 ) stop importing muslims step 2 ) convert them to atheism or christianity . 
  eithers better . 
  ... oh wait its the eu .
