  that and they are worried that they wont be able to exploit the uk 's fishing and farming resources . 
  also , they fear immigration controls . 
  could be wrong but i think i am right . 
  all the eu has to do is promise an exemption to freedom of movement and we 're staying in . 
  they wont do it though . 
  if they do then it would be deceptive and not a real end to free movement of people . 
  i think people would pay 10bn a year just to stop mass immigration . 
  dont think thats a very good idea tbh . 
  farage is very popular . 
  he 's the guy that even if you disagree with the way he said it ; you agree with and respect his opinion . 
  reminds me of that south park episode . 
  thats because the eu listens to even bigger interests than murdock . 
  if that had been england we would have been kicked out for sure . 
  they need to bribe those who have been bribed with the eus uks given money . 
  this is the funniest parody i have ever seen . 
  as long as leave do n't spit out a 3 eyed fish they got this in the bag . 
  the eu does n't need to worry about the uk destroying western civilization . 
  they have been doing a good job of that themselves . 
  * ` had it occurred to you that the muslim friends you have might not be entirely typical of people who live in burnley or dewsbury ? ' * yes , which is why we want to stop bringing in muslims to europe !, 
  you need a passport, 
  think how effective it would be if we sent them back , after a bit of a beating ? 
  if they are so innocent why are they running from the police but not the english ? 
  its real simple . 
  they are a french gang looking to wind up the english , who probably recognised them from before and took a defensive stance . 
  theres no footage of the guy who had the chair . 
  point is the english fans were pinned in . 
  the french thugs could have just walked back . 
  what should they do ? 
  just let them throw glass bottles at them ? 
  nice to see anglophobia still exists on the continent . 
  makes leaving easier . 
  the guy saw the french guy had a bottle in his hand dont know what more else is to say . 
  if the english were really yobs why throw a chair and not a bottle ? 
  because the french had ambushed them . 
  the french guy was clearly lifting his bottle to swing it so as far as i sm concered its self defence . 
  if you look at all these confrontations its the same story . 
  british fans enjoying themselves and french thugs showing up to throw a bottle , then the police tear gas the british fans . 
  france and russia should both be kicked out . 
  this article is exactly why brits want out . 
  * the day after the vote , the british should understand that they themselves helped create this detested europe that they were so close to leaving , and start building a better one . 
  * how exactly ? 
  we were n't invited to the schumann agreement of 1951 . 
  we were rejected twice from the eec by france because we were n't `` sufficiently european '' . 
  when we did join we gave away our fisheries , our commonwealth and introduced the eu 's 10 % vat . 
  we have sacrificed so much and its never enough . 
  we always the black sheep of europe . 
  i know . 
  that is why i want to leave . 
  i dont like how our politicians use the eu to hide their own policies and agendas, 
  improve trade ? 
  so i take it you are pro ttip . 
  the eu broke up royal mail into tiny pieces in the persuit of `` improved trade '' . 
  we have french railway companies and energy companies ripping us off so they can subsidise french fares . 
  you know all too well the eu hasnt brought peace . 
  if they lose its because we been in the eu for 43 years and there is nothing good to say about it . 
  brits want immigration to tens of thousands so it would have to be both, 
  it has to be agreed by everyone so no , junckers hands are tied . 
  that being said if they gave us a cap on immigration then remain will prevail but the europhiles will never agree to that . 
  beaming with pride . 
  we 're nearly there !, 
  lichtenstein is a rich country and they enacted it at one point . 
  eea article 112 has a provision which allows a country to suspend it if it would bring challenges . 
  the uk will more than qualify for it . 
  the uk is already in the eea . 
  its eu membership we are getting rid off , not eea . 
  the eu is not the single market . 
  the single market is the eea , which is not for the germans to deny . 
  is property prices a good way to gauge wealth though ? 
  high home prices suck for everyone who does n't own one . 
  can europhiles get any more deluded ? 
  btw the usa 's cia funded european unity movement in the 1940 's and obama recently did his appalling intervention in the uk . 
  the eu is dying because people are fed up of being told what to do and want control over their borders . 
  if the eu just gave the uk some emergency break or cap on immigration to the uk then we would n't be having a referendum let alone being neck on neck . 
  just an excuse to gerrymander the result . 
  fear is a powerful demotivator . 
  the biggest damage has come from the oil price . 
  russia is a petroleum nation . 
  you 're on to something there . 
  i like denmark an all . 
  i feel like we , norway and denmark ... not sweden they are batshit crazy , are like minded . 
  when we leave join us . 
  the thing most people care about with turkey is free movement and they will get that now , with the refugee crisis . 
  so as far as i am concerned they are effectively in the eu . 
  i want to leave the eu . 
  tell you a long story , admittedly evoking godwins law . 
  during ww2 before france surrendered , the british offered a deal to france to unite to defeat the nazis . 
  the french ministers at bordeaux screamed `` we would rather have hitler than be slaves of the english '' . 
  france would be a huge contributor to the nazi war effort and the bodyguard of hitler during his fall was french . 
  after the war the uk was not treated as heroes . 
  quite the contrary . 
  somebody had to pay for the war , for the truman aid and marshall plan and that was the uk . 
  the uk was given humiliating loans from the us whereas germany got its debts paid off once again in what was known as the london agreement . 
  at the same time the uk was in debt by 220 % of gdp . 
  how does `` europe '' thank us ? 
  we were not invited to the schumann declaration , the pre cursor of the eu . 
  france rejected our application for not being `` sufficiently european '' . 
  of course that was n't the real reason . 
  the reason was because they wanted to keep the cap ( common agricultural policy ) binding in the eu , which was the biggest expense of the eec . 
  that and they were jealous that we got our foods from the common wealth . 
  at the time the french economy had 20 % of its workforce in agriculture at a time of automation and overproduction of food .
