  if you live in a city then your culture has already gone . 
  london is a foreign city . 
  has been for ages so why would anyone in london mourn the loss of their english city when it has n't been for a long time ? 
  meanwhile if you are in a village you are voting against immigration because you dont want a ugly phallic mosque next to your village church . 
  define `` tough '' . 
  give me specifics . 
  where are you going to get the cuts from , how much and will you accept the euro ? 
  this will be fun . 
  think i will ask her when they plan to accept ffa if at all or when they will get to 3 % deficit as eu require . 
  what a bunch of frauds . 
  why ? 
  and why is that ? 
  this . 
  the euro has been a disaster for everyone but germany . 
  i get negged a lot for this but if there is to be ww3 it will come from the disasterous policies of the eu and in particular the euro . 
  a single currency is fine if there is federalism and huge transfers of payment to lesser states but germany does n't want that so here we are . 
  that 's hardly a scientific piece of evidence is it ? 
  you could argue that increasing admission of prejudice shows how un racist the uk is because we admit to it , if you know what i mean . 
  besides it increased from 2004 and was going up before 2008 and comes down after it so i dont see a correlation there . 
  i remember the `` are you thinking what i am thinking ? '', 
  conservative election posters pre crisis in 2006 . 
  the concern of immigration came before the 2008 crisis , pretty much starting in 2004 with the accession of eastern european countries . 
  britain is unique in that being an island there is always a concern of `` over capacity '' . 
  parties try to ignore the issue by blaming austerity and not building enough houses , which is true , but there is an undeniable reality that you cant keep expanding hospitals or houses . 
  look at japan . 
  their houses/accommodations are tiny . 
  practically a doll house, 
  right but i remember pre 2004 and immigration was a non issue . 
  since then i have seen the rise of the bnp ( 2010 ) and other anti immigration parties storm ahead . 
  its also not just the uk . 
  the netherlands has geert wilders and switzerland voted to end freedom of movement a few years ago . 
  i think its a combination of mass immigration and the mainstream parties labeling the concerns as racist , such as gordon brown and his `` bigot '' comment . 
  i think the eu has to accept that freedom of movement needs to come to an end and instead be voluntary , otherwise i think fascism will return to europe . 
  i do n't want to politicize this but i think we have to acknowledge that freedom of movement causes tension . 
  k . if you want to come back you are welcome ... just apply for a visa like everyone who was n't privileged to have been born in the eu . 
  btw i believe this is called emotional blackmail . 
  i will leave when the subreddit image removes the uk . 
  brexit is the least of eu 's concern . 
  best of luck with greece and euro zone . 
  hope those italians dont go bust in october . 
  cheerio . 
  you mean like sending the lisbon treaty to gordon brown in a completely incomprehensible format so that brown could deny the people of the uk a referendum ? 
  that kind of deceit ? 
  lol that guy is so insecure . 
  sure he has a mandate . 
  a mandate of 36 % of the electorate who actually bothered to vote . 
  the rest of the countries constituencies voting for eurosceptic mep 's that want to get rid off it altogether . 
  quite extraordinary really . 
  i give him one thing ; juncker works really hard . 
  when he is down he is trying to figure out a way to trick people are voters into signing away more freedom from their states ... ahem country . 
  the eu has never had legitimacy . 
  the uk was forced into it by heath in 1973 and tricked into voting to remain in 1975 . 
  now the people have had enough . 
  you can fool all the people some of the time , and some of the people all the time , but you can not fool all the people all the time . 
  i sympathise with scottish independence . 
  i sympathise with all independence movements but just be honest . 
  if scots want to leave be honest and admit you are going to be poorer and have to use the euro ( if you get in the eu ) . 
  instead its lies lies lies . 
  the snp are worse than the remain camp with its lies . 
  the eu loves nationalism ... eu nationalism that is . 
  everything else can be repressed . 
  hang on does n't ireland have an even lower tax rate than the uk ? 
  hypocrites being hypocrites again . 
  cry me a river . 
  silver spoon europeans getting to barge their way into this country . 
  the remain camp simply lost the argument . 
  there was little good to say about the eu other than a few social protections . 
  meanwhile everyone knew the cloud of ttip was lurking and that mass immigration is class warfare , rendering the positives to be rather consolations . 
  i think it was the correct decision . 
  no regrets . 
  you 're tearing me apart italy !, 
  can only hope . 
  oh yeah so much power that we got a treaty change ... oh wait we did n't . 
  the people of the uk called out the eu 's trap and quite frankly if we are going to have to accept freedom of movement then i would like to deny the eu some funds and start a domino reaction of nationalism as a big fuck you . 
  i dont care how much it costs . 
  i dont care how many banks leave . 
  i want my country back . 
  the calais migrants we have an agreement with france with . 
  that has nothing to do with eu 's freedom of movement which is nothing but class warfare . 
  i think his reasoning is flawed . 
  take immigration . 
  people want to reduce immigration to their country eu or not but their `` nations '' can not because the power is in brussels so yes , they want `` europe '' to do something but in reality they just want to be left alone and for their government to carry out what they elected them for . 
  to reduce immigration to the tens of thousands . 
  japan is an island like the uk and has a population of 130m people . 
  i dont want that . 
  yes that sums it up quite nicely . 
  i dont care . 
  as long as net migration is 10-20k a year max i dont care . 
  i do not want the uk to become japanized . 
  muslims love to use that line . 
  that it was ok back in the 80 's ahem 8th century . 
  no , it was n't . 
  the average age of puberty back then was 12 and 12 is consistent all over the world . 
  if anything today the average age has reduced because of our diet . 
  how is the eu not to blame ? 
  capitalists are of course going to look for cheaper labour and the eu provides them with it , which we can not turn off . 
  atleast with common wealth ( non eu ) we can actually complain to the government and demand they reduce it . 
  with eu migration we cant do shit because of eu 's ideology . 
  this is just an ad hominem . 
  the labour party and socialists of the 60s would never have allowed polish immigrants to cross the picket line to take their jobs and yet they are doing this to modern day working classes .
