  yeah they will just propose we import more saracens and tell us to give them extra hugs . 
  * you had the highest unemployment in the last 46 years before you were in the eu from 1980-1990 * this is confusing . 
  we were in the eu in 1980 . 
  have been since 1973 . 
  so i do n't see how this is positive . 
  * and your lowest point in the last 30 while you were a member . 
  * unemployment statistics have been manipulated like crazy all over the world . 
  what i would say is that before we joined the eu , in 1971 we actually had a surplus with `` europe '' then once we joined `` europe '' in 1973 we had a deficit of around 2bn a year . 
  the reason our economy was screwed was before and after the eu was because we had unions ransoming the country and the rest of `` europe '' got martial aid and debt relief . 
  the eu has done nothing but rip us off . 
  they stole our fishing industry . 
  they made us pay for france 's feckless farmers and we did n't even get as much regional development fund as italy . 
  germany thinks they are so great but they and france are just scoungers who defaulted on their debt and got everyone to pay for their bills . 
  thank god we did n't join their franco-german euro scam or we would be greece . 
  strangely in 1996 unemployment was at its lowest since 1991 and we did n't have to open the floodgates . 
  oh yes the brits are lazy myth . 
  maybe if there was n't so many coming to this country reducing wages , which even mark carney of the boe says , then these wages can actually rise . 
  the country of poland does n't give a fuck about us . 
  they are racists . 
  i mean real racists not the worn out label attached for white guilt . 
  they even had a paddy when they asked to take some refugees . 
  they should have taken every damn one of them . 
  the hypocrites . 
  these poles dont even spend their money in the uk . 
  they send it abroad to poland . 
  oh yes thank god for all those polish workers at aldi . 
  how would the economy flourish ? 
  unemployment is at 5 % . 
  i think its about as low as people care about . 
  what people want is immigration under control . 
  every poll puts immigration number 1 and has for ages . 
  labour got murdered for not prioritizing it . 
  you think the message has sunk through ? 
  the gov ' t has passed some stricter regulations on non eu immigration . 
  it has done nothing but persecute the good english speaking immigrants , who come from universities from working . 
  the `` deal '' was a farce . 
  you ca n't bind future national parliament leaders to an agreement . 
  it 's not even in the damn treaties !, 
  the day after we vote to remain it will be watered down or scrapped . 
  again , if the uk could reduce immigration by limiting non eu immigration do you think they would have done it by now ? 
  you do n't think there is a single mp in that house that dawned on them `` you know i just realised , we can just stop non eu immigration '' . 
  its not that simple . 
  eu and non eu migration is linked . 
  do n't you think the gov ' t would have done something about non eu immigration if it could ? 
  it cant because the eu traps us into obsolete treaties on `` human rights '' , which means every stay cat gets a home in `` europe '' . 
  its called `` right to family reunification '' and is exploited by every bangladeshi family out there . 
  i actually live in an area where there is a large amount of muslims and hindus and late one night , i had a `` chat '' with one of them . 
  i pointed to the labour remain sign he had outside his door and asked him why . 
  he could n't understand what i was saying . 
  true story . 
  do n't steal it . 
  i copyrighted it . 
  all those arguments are stupid . 
  border controls are pointless if we just have to wave through every european that hops on a plane to london . 
  schengen has zero . 
  absolutely zero to do with the eu . 
  not one bit . 
  even austria suspended it at the refugee crisis . 
  yes we have 5.1 % unemployment . 
  thats because 1 ) 80 % of the jobs are going to eu citizens so bfd , 2 ) we did n't join your franco-german euro scam . 
  nobody cares if immigrants contribute a few pennies to the pot . 
  money is useless if your hospitals are full and there are n't enough houses to house the people of britain . 
  did it occur to you that maybe the people of britain want a neighbour that actually speaks english ? 
  google `` flexcit '' . 
  there , you have a plan . 
  bunch of neo liberals who could n't get a job as a lecturer so they decided to get paid a pittance working as a journalist for the economist . 
  how the hell is he expected to know ? 
  he is n't in uk parliament . 
  goodbye europe . 
  if you have any abnormal bananas dont chuck them away . 
  we will have them . 
  regards , the uk . 
  yeah right . 
  the french will just steal their fish like they did with the uk and the others will extort them further for whatever oil they may have . 
  have n't they delayed the eu budget until after the referendum ? 
  can you trust these people with an army ? 
  they will probably use it to stamp out rebels like the usa did with the confederacy . 
  norway . 
  they have given up on socialism/nationalization and are willing to accept some social chapters instead . 
  quite sad . 
  it was sarcasm . 
  you mean to tell me that 3 people are now employed ? 
  well done `` europe '' . 
  this . 
  i personally think both russia and france should be kicked out . 
  its clear they are both the instigators and are busy goading others into attacking but russia just seem so damn organized . 
  its like they did n't come for the football but just so the kremlin can laugh . 
  turkey does n't need to join the eu . 
  it just needs to get associate membership and the benefits of that so this is a very real fear . 
  sweden is frightened because the uk leaving would make it one of the last non euro members left in the block . 
  whats your point ? 
  what personal gain ? 
  cameron didnt want an eu referendum he just offered it to thwart ukip , whilst secretly hoping for a coalition with ukip to stop a referendum . 
  the remain camp has already played that card and it has n't done shit . 
  people are n't that stupid . 
  they know that the ever closer union is n't in the actual treaty . 
  * `` cameron has used europe to solve domestic policy problems in a what i see as an irresponsible way . '' * oh no !, 
  democracy might actually happen . 
  i think ( i am british ) that the concern is not so much us leaving but the timing of it . 
  if we had left in say 2004 it would n't be a problem for the eu but as it is its 50:50 as to whether the eu thrives without the uk or dies without it .
