  for those gloating remember you got an italian referendum coming up . 
  pretty much . 
  they are fanatics pure and simple . 
  greece does n't need money . 
  it needs deutschebank to go bust as it should a long with all the other broke banks that over lended . 
  * `` we need to further liberalise the services and goods sector and to create conditions for european companies to be possibly the most competitive . 
  we also need to protect the obligations of states arising from the free movement of persons . 
  the rights of all eu citizens acquired in this area should not be restricted , '' said szyd\u0142o . 
  * ... . . the eu 's idea of reform . 
  no wonder we left . 
  kinda . 
  i think the english speaking alliance could work . 
  we all have a similar standard of living and we share the same waters/fisheries . 
  the rest of europe ? 
  do n't care . 
  they can have the crappy countries . 
  latvia and lithuania can join russia or something . 
  switzerland is switzerland . 
  turkey is not european . 
  politicians should really stay away from social media . 
  either that or have someone vet every comment they make . 
  learn what a generalisation means . 
  poles alone send 3bn back home . 
  that 's money that is n't being spent in the uk economy . 
  because you poles keep coming over , doing jobs for barely the minimum wage and sending all your cash back home whilst living in the most cheapest accommodation possible . 
  but but but uk cant survive without eu ... the uk is now a third world country . 
  the eu science program isnt just an eu exclusive thing . 
  israel and norway are part of it so what this is is punishment for exercising our democratic right . 
  i lived next to liverpool around 07/08 . 
  the differance ? 
  they borded up houses with boards with the beetles on it . 
  actually a union between mediterranean countries would actually be a good idea . 
  you all enjoy the same hobby of lying in the sun whilst everyone else does work ... i kid i kid but still a union would boost your influence . 
  i do n't care what the eu thinks but article 112 is not just an emergency provision . 
  the emergency part is exactly that but as long as you give a months notice you can do it . 
  further , the criteria is very loosely defined and can be used if your society will face any challenges , which the uk does . 
  there is no reason why we cant activate it . 
  thats fine for you and scotland , on your moral high horse . 
  you are n't taking in 300k people each year . 
  switzerland are n't in the eea . 
  erm because its actually in the eea treaty that we can suspend it . 
  its just the eu that straightjackets everyone into accept mass immigration . 
  the eea has a clause in it that allows suspension of the rule . 
  also , eea has freedom of workers but not people so if the uk gov ' t got serious about preventing jobs being advertised outside the eu we can soft lock immigration . 
  imo newspapers should have a blank/neutral front cover . 
  it would hurt `` news '' sales dramatically but that is a good thing . 
  lets finish off rupert murdock . 
  good job i am skint otherwise i would be kinda pissed off that poor people like myself voted for this lol . 
  is there anything factually he has gotten wrong ? 
  i am not going to continue this but i recommend a blog called `` chokkablog '' . 
  a quick google will get it . 
  he goes into great detail on the finances of scotland and all these objections . 
  he also has a twitter and responds frequently to questions . 
  if you are so convinced by this then why are the snp not ? 
  why no ffa ? 
  because scotland is broke . 
  i hear these conspiracies about how `` the english are stealing our oil ! '', 
  but even the snp do n't believe in it . 
  forgetting the barnett formula ? 
  spain have nothing to lose by denying scotland 's entry to the eu . 
  if anything they have much to lose not just in catalonia but also because scotland may receive structural funds . 
  regardless , you are making a massive gamble . 
  its like tossing a coin 27 times and hoping you get heads 27 times . 
  right now scotland receives a huge injection of money from westminster . 
  even mark blyth , economist of brown university says so and the snp 's own economist said it would be `` economic suicide '' to accept ffa . 
  if you are serious about independence why do n't you just accept ffa as a first step ? 
  because the snp are dumb but not that dumb . 
  they know they can not afford independence and that the eu will not accept greece v2 into the eu . 
  they are just trying to get more devolved powers . 
  the likeliest scenario is that they would demand 3 % deficit before scotland joins , which means massive austerity . 
  hell it would be even worse because leaving the uk would cause the pound to slip further than it is right now . 
  lots of if 's . 
  when the uk joined in 1973 , the uk was taken advantage of by france and others . 
  this is why we payed into the cap and gave up our fisheries , because france saw they had leverage and took advantage of it . 
  if you apply to join the eu all 27 member states have to agree . 
  that is a lot of states that can veto and a lot of those states have a good reason to deny scottish entry . 
  spain has catelonia and basque independence movements . 
  italy has venice . 
  germany , bavaria . 
  they will not tolerate scotland getting privileges either . 
  so does scotland have to get to 3 % ? 
  maybe not but in practise its a certainty . 
  none of those eastern european states are going to tolerate a deficit that large . 
  the eu might actually have to do something and agree on something for once . 
  theresa may takes over today after pmq ,, 
  if the eu scrapped the 2 year limit then we could trigger it tomorrow . 
  hate to burst your bubble but those things do n't work . 
  even if they did ; politics is more than left v right . 
  oh the humanity . 
  a fine of ... . zero euros . 
  the uk will reclaim ireland once again !, 
  what france did in 1971-1973 was nothing short of despicable and extortion . 
  making new comers agree to the cap was one thing but defining the uk fishing areas as communal has created a massive ecological disaster . 
  the uk has gone from the most well preserved waters to dumping fish overboard all because of the french 's spite . 
  that being said if we leave the eu it wont change the quota system because of how the treaties work . 
  the uk will be able to preserve its waters better , however . 
  the eu will break down because there is nobody responsible and no democracy . 
  germany doesnt care about the pigs because merkel has no constituencies there . 
  and you think you wont have to ? 
  there is no paradox .
