  it could only survive through subsidies which were bankrupting the french government . 
  so in 1971 we finally gave up and joined the eu or back then the eec . 
  but that was n't all we gave up . 
  you see at the last minute france demanded our fisheries . 
  france had much depleted much of its waters of fish and they looked at every eu treaty and asked if they could get common fisheries . 
  each time they were rebuked . 
  so then the french demanded that common fisheries be in the eu treaties . 
  norway , too , had this demand upon them and they had the sense to keep out . 
  by the end of it the uk would face huge inflation creating the infamous `` winter of discontent '' which saw thatcherism plague our island . 
  just a few months before we were officially in the eu , on october 1972 , edward heath tried to negotiate some concession . 
  he wanted a regional development fund . 
  if you go around manchester today you will see plenty of `` the eu funded this . 
  investing in your future '' . 
  here is what the french president had to say : he ( pompidou ) listened to what i ( heath ) had to say and then remarked that it was not a cause he wished to espouse , because france did not need help . 
  ` moreover ' , he added , ` you have sent me a map showing where the funds would go . 
  i immediately turned my eyes to my own country and looked at my own home , auvergne , only to find that it would not be getting a penny or a franc . 
  so there is nothing in it for us ' . 
  this is a country got the bulk of the cap , subsidized by the likes of the uk and germany . 
  eventually he did get the regional development , but how much of the budget did it take up ? 
  a measley 5 % of which the uk got 28 % and italy 40 % . 
  remain getting desperate . 
  this isnt a good sub reddit to put this . 
  people here are pro `` europe '' / eu . 
  what would you say to those that all this space/subatomic exploration experiments are a waste of money ? 
  hahaha ... well come on , this referendum is hardly fair is it ? 
  you got the eu bribing charities and universities to stay in and the gov ' t using taxpayer money to push propaganda through the door . 
  evil ? 
  just hypocrites . 
  russia just needs to do it during one winter and that will be enough . 
  remember the oil embargo ? 
  religion of peas . 
  you know what i mean . 
  bragging about 0.6 % of growth after a decade in shocking decline . 
  who is that 0.6 % going to exactly anyway ? 
  spain still has massive youth unemployment . 
  half the continent has been humilliated by german austerity and you are happy with 0.6 % ? 
  0.6 % of nothing is still nothing . 
  i knew instantly this was bs . 
  israel and turkey are n't even in the eu and they were allowed to compete . 
  russia does n't need nor want an attack on nato . 
  it only has to stop gas supplies and europe is in trouble . 
  europe in terms of hydrocarbons is relatively poor and needs a lot of it . 
  sure some will say we can just use the trans caspian pipeline but russia has a great deal of influence in the region and it means more reliant of muslim oil . 
  we will have to do a deal with russia . 
  its pure pragmatism . 
  all this aggrovation over what ? 
  some tiny peninsula that was once a part of russia , has ethnic russians , and of which wants to rejoin russia ? 
  are we really giving up a potential and important ally over that when the us and its allies invaded and destroyed iraq ? 
  also , what about turkey and cyprus ? 
  has that been forgotten ? 
  these sanctions are nothing short of russian-phobia . 
  when israel and turkey get sanctions i may reconsider my position . 
  i think the english people are cowards who will vote to remain in the eu and that we are too passive . 
  the av referendum was a chance to change the system but they squandered it away to get back at the lib dems . 
  also , political correctness and the determination to become a muslim country . 
  every country has `` nice areas '' . 
  the thing is if you drop any human off in the middle of spain or italy it will look really really nice . 
  if you drop someone off in england you will get an ugly city or be soaking wet . 
  that is why england is `` ugly '' because where most people live or work it is . 
  i have lived in manchester all my life . 
  < insert footballer here  like davedukonline vinnie jones or joey barton . 
  the english have the best wines . 
  they constantly get voted the best and are much better value but that stereotype of the french still exists to their benefit . 
  leading pundits and comedians incite hatred against muslims in much the same way that antisemites rage against `` the jews '' . 
  -- to be fair though the jews did n't exactly strap suicide bombs on themselves and blowed up their compatriots . 
  antagonizing russia , with its energy reserves of which europe will depend upon , is not a smart . 
  agreed . 
  there are some really beautiful spots and places but the cities are just depressingly hideous . 
  also i can handle the rain . 
  i kinda like rain but the amount of bruised clouds is just ridiculous . 
  there are days where i cant see the blue sky because its 100 % covered up by black clouds . 
  having grey buildings just makes it even worse . 
  york is nice as is cardiff . 
  a decent economy . 
  islands cant import foods the way non islands can . 
  see ww2 . 
  also , a non island can always just get a train from one state to another with ease . 
  if the uk keeps growing then what are we going to do ? 
  i agree but thats just the way it is . 
  proxies are a good way of hiding your activity anyway although it sucks how persecuted the piratebay has been when they do n't have a single illegal file on their servers . 
  yes , it will be temporary . 
  it says nothing about it being an emergency . 
  in fact it reads : `` if serious economic , societal or environmental difficulties of a sectoral or regional nature arise and are liable to persist . '', 
  not only is it vague but the uk can easily point to immigration reducing wages and the fact that ... uno ... its a freakin island . 
  so i think we will have an easy time arguing that case . 
  even if it is 50:50 what have we got to lose ? 
  the eu has made it clear they are n't giving us anything . 
  its just take take take . 
  they destroyed our commenwealth and our fishing industry . 
  as far as i can see there is nothing to lose . 
  the funny thing is that the rest of europe probably could n't even name the countries on the map . 
  if you want to see an ugly country go to england . 
  how does that country function ? 
  its pretty easy to get around . 
  just google youtube to mp4 and you will find some sort of service , within the region necessary , which will download the video to your hd and you can watch it on your pc . 
  the eea has a provision in its treaty that a country can suspend immigration if they would face hardship . 
  the uk an island at 300k net a year would be more than eligible for that . 
  norway has more than just the power of fishing and agriculture . 
  it has even put tariffs on french cheese and there is nothing the eu can do about it . 
  thankfully the leave campaign has abandoned nigel farage .
