  there is eea membership and that does have article 112 which allows for a member state to halt immigration . 
  i am not sure if either party is aware of the provision yet . 
  if they do become then we could activate it and suspend immigration for a points based system . 
  the law would just be repatriated . 
  when india gained independence in 1947 they did n't scrap all the laws they just repatriated them and then a decade later they went through them . 
  universities get eu funding particularly though sciences and i think also some liberal arts . 
  they also like freedom of movement for collaboration . 
  its possible . 
  i dont trust the conservatives with human rights . 
  the conservatives are really horrible people . 
  at one point they were found to have legalized slavery with making unemployed young people work for poundland . 
  france demanding that fisheries be considered common resource was nothing but spite and arrogance . 
  thanks to them they have created an environmental disaster . 
  they should unify serbia , croatia , bosnia and those other countries people forget about . 
  that cant go wrong . 
  waterloo meant that the uk would be unimposed to take over as a super power . 
  all the rivals were destroyed with no navies to conquer colonies . 
  it also built unity between scotland and england . 
  battle of hastings in 1066 , 1707 union with scotland , waterloo , ww2 , voting to leave the eu in 2016, 
  you can check out but you can never leave . 
  whats wrong with being popular ? 
  absolutely . 
  when you have 50 % youth unemployment in regions with history of fascism you are playing with fire . 
  the cause of ww3 will be the eu with the eurozone , which is impoverishing the continent . 
  the eu and euro have to go now !, 
  dictators dont like giving up power . 
  juncker clearly thought he had called britains bluff hence why he said there would be no more reforms the day before the referendum . 
  he rolled the dice thinking that fear would win the day and the project would continue . 
  he lost and now he may have lose the eu . 
  juncker is very bad at being a dictator . 
  a dictator should atleast try to keep out the limelight and behave . 
  a google of `` juncker + quotes '' gets you things which makes him sound like emperor palpatine . 
  other than the fact that scotland cant join because spain has a veto i think these talks went very well . 
  schengen is not an eu thing . 
  its its own separate thing completely unrelated . 
  even austria suspended schengen during the refugee crisis . 
  the uk will have to accept freedom of movement but there is a clause called article 112 which allows for suspension of immigration . 
  i just dont know if the govt knows of it yet . 
  convincing all 27 member states is the easy part . 
  the hardest part will be complying with the economic treaties . 
  scotland has a deficit twice the uk at 9 % and the eu demands only 3 % . 
  it would probably be even a bigger cut because of how damaged the island would be if it were split in half so we are talking about an austerity program bigger than thatcher could have dreamed of . 
  yes , massive own goal . 
  if corbyn was allowed to campaign for a leave labour would be so fucking high in the polls right now . 
  its almost like the elderly remember life before the eec existed and remember all the lies they were told . 
  if the eu wants something do the opposite . 
  if europe suffers then that serves them right . 
  yes , its called eea . 
  they are n't wrong but juncker shares the most blame , with his obvious dislike of democracy . 
  merkel gave cameron nothing to take back . 
  the polish pm deserves blame too . 
  cameron wanted something on immigration . 
  he got nothing but a piece of paper . 
  its a trap !, 
  thanks for the translation . 
  that must have been a lot of work . 
  i hear a lot of people like her . 
  the sort of emotional blackmail and i am tired of it . 
  google `` flexcit '', 
  the uk could just join the eea ( european economic area ) and implement article 112 that allows for suspension of freedom of movement thereby honouring the pledge to cut immigration and still having access to the single market . 
  does boris and parliament know this yet ? 
  maybe not but they have 2 years to figure it out . 
  ** he said it included `` old ideas '' and `` does not take into account what happened during the ... 
  referendum . 
  '' ** you 're welcome , europe . 
  historians will agree that the decline of the eu started with eastern expansion . 
  the remaniacs getting desperate . 
  this . 
  its strange you know . 
  take the snp . 
  if they were n't hellbent on leaving the uk i would vote for salmond down here in england . 
  even the eu have admitted that farage was right about most of the stuff he says . 
  if they had listened to him and returned the boats back there would n't have been so many dead . 
  they voted remain because it was brand labour . 
  if labour were pro brexit then they would have voted leave . 
  i like peter hitchens assessment of the coup . 
  the problem is n't corbyn its the labour party . 
  corbyn did n't want to campaign for remain but was forced into it by his out of touch champagne socialist party . 
  it is them who should resign and leave the party not corbyn . 
  `` have a nice trip britain '' `` europe totters but it will not perish . '', 
  you mean all this time they werent ? 
  the uk government pre 1973 applied twice for eu membership but was rejected twice by france . 
  the reason for this is cited as being because they saw us as a trojan horse . 
  the real reason was because france had like 20 % of workers in agriculture at a time of mechanization . 
  further , the uk was getting food imports much cheaper from the commonwealth , specifically new zealand . 
  in 1971 the uk gov ' t was basically extorted as `` you take this horrible deal but if you dont you will get an evil worse deal later '' . 
  so the uk accepted subsidising cap ( common agriculture policy ) which benefited france . 
  however , just before the uk was about to sign they demanded that uk and norway , the latter of which ended up not joining , in making the fisheries of europe ( aka the uk ) , a common resource . 
  the uk grudgingly caved in whereas norway did n't . 
  the result was one of the biggest environmental disasters of modern times . 
  it was basically a tragedy of the commons situation , whereby fish were overfished . 
  some fish had to be thrown back if they go over a quota . 
  it was a disaster . 
  france . 
  you have 2 years to get the fuck out of our fisheries . 
  the scots come together to fuck the english and i am english , so no . 
  well think of it this way . 
  imagine if instead of having a house of senate you have 28 members who are appointed and they are the only ones who create legislation . 
  the house of representatives can not propose law or repeal law . 
  not just that but legislation doesnt have to be approved by them .
