   direct democracy and online interactive solutions that could render all the red tape between those institutions meaningless . 
  1 ) that means the disenfranchisement of everyone without internet , such as roughly 80 % of italian pensioners . 
  otherwise know as , the literal opposite of democracy . 
  2 ) i do n't know fuck all about most things , nor do i have the time or inclination to read thousands of thousands of documents and laws every week and then make rational judgments upon them , much less understand said documents . 
  hell i have tried reading ulysses three times and failed each time , i doubt i could learn and understand the entire legal system of the eu in a matter of weeks . 
  i imagine that i am not a beacon of stupidity , but there are many in the eu which can relate to my ignorance . 
  in italy we have euro skeptic movements on both the left and the right ; as you said the true common denominator is economic and political illiteracy . 
   mozzarella di buffala . 
  god that stuff is amazing . 
  not bad , in italy i doubt 20 % above 65 use the internet . 
   whilst putin talks about russias nuclear arsenal and has military exercises where nato members are nuked you want de-escalation ? 
  putin 's words are worth less than two dog hairs and a squirrel 's liver . 
  the heads of state of the eu however , are politicians which abide by international standards of integrity , when they speak of war , they mean it . 
  man i work in advertising , if we relied on e-comunication my company would fail in a month . 
  the majority of communication is non verbal , pitching an idea to a client , especially if they have doubts , is impossible except face to face . 
  do pensionaires in the uk use the internet ? 
   why cant this common enemy be russia ? 
  because most of us think that escalating the situation with russia leads to nowhere good . 
  also any serious business or political conversation has to happen face to face , there can never be true trust in a deal made over the phone/skype . 
   and it 's also really archa\u00efc to care about a symbol so much . 
  yes because we all know that clothes and cars and houses are no longer status symbols . 
   i do n't consider lazy bums my ` fellow men ' . 
  this line of thought always leads to good things in germany ... 
  that is the op 's mum of islands . 
  it only applies to default subs though . 
  i was not speaking on a case by case basis , just offering a reason why some citizen break certain laws . 
   again , 30 years after was a `` direct response '' to it ? 
  the uk was a parliamentary democracy not a dictatorship , no matter which reform , in a democracy there will always be a great conservative opposition which must be overcome . 
  also 12 of those 30 years were spent preoccupied with war against napoleon . 
   while ignoring the , imo , far more important aspects of rapid industrialization and urbanization that began in that same time period . 
  ahh this is an old argument amongst historians , i think it is safe to say the both had a huge influence . 
  ahh thank you for the correction , so technically both are correct ? 
  i still believe hung sounds better on the ear though . 
  i was not trying to argue what is best or what is worse , i was just giving a reason why some men break the law and help them cross over . 
  putain mac, 
  well all the votes going to ukip and le pen are not comforting . 
   why on earth would you call on people to commit crimes ? 
  because as rousseau said , when the laws of the land and the opinion of society goes against your conscience , you must follow your conscience , all else is slavery . 
  because maintaining a golf course in the desert requires enough money to break the laws of nature . 
   there was n't a facet might could n't control . 
  um , i am sure you are aware of roman and greek satire ? 
  their politicians were just as mocked and criticised as ours are today . 
  but in principle i agree , it is harder to control the narrative in this day and age . 
  hanged is grammatically incorrect and unappealing to the ear . 
  hung is the right word . 
   there was once a time where might made right might still does make right . 
  look at bush 's invasion of iraq , look at putin 's annexation of the crimea . 
  sure the world protested in both occasions , but nothing more . 
  i agree , i was simply arguing the point that dominant military powers do n't commit terrorism ; they rely on it just as much as anyone to keep their power . 
   legislation that happened 20 + years after the fall of napoleon and 40 years after the french revolution are `` direct responses '' to it ? 
  the 1848 revolutions were responses to the french revolution , or more importantly it 's death and the restoration of the old system in 1815 ; england was one of the few nations which did not have a wide spread revolution in 1848 , they had preempted it by expanding democratic rights . 
  the influence of the french revolution is incredibly complicated and quite a few historians have made the argument , that the entire 19th century lived in the shadow of the revolution . 
  think of it like this , the ussr collapsed in 1991 , and in 2014 we still do not know what shape history will be taking and we are still making direct responses to deal with the fact that the cold war is over . 
  why should i believe that you are from the usa , when you are a flairless heathen . 
   being the source of our science , music , banking , the greeks are the source of our literature , political thought , philosophical thought , and common history . 
  most educated men in europe have come into contact and read plato and homer , there are no arab philosophers or poets which i can think of which hold the same authority in europe . 
  also the source of our science , is quite technically francis bacon , who invented the theory of empiricism . 
  pax americana , much like pax romana depends upon the stability of the empire , as soon as the empire falters , shit hits the fan . 
   dominant military powers do n't commit terrorism not that i think the usa government is worse than the russian government but , the propping up of pinochet 's regime , the invasion of nicaragua , the overthrow of iran 's elected government , the sponsorship of the taliban fighting the ussr , the assassinating of the first democratically elected president of congo , the invasion of iraq on false pretences ; these are all acts of cruel terrorism . 
  not to answer for him but canadians and australians and zealanders are distinctly european culturally and mentally . 
  the australians are virtually british , and the canadians are too , but they also have a strong french influence . 
  america is distinctly american , an american has a different world view , manner of thought and cultural heritage . 
  another example like americans would be south africans or brazilians , they were once european and they speak afrikans ( dutch ) / portuguese , but they are culturally distinct and separate from europe , like the usa . 
   tell the brits their political system is based on thr french revolution . 
  . . actually it is , many of the most notable political reforms such as the voting act of 1836 , are direct responses to the french revolution and the growing need to extend the political and civic duty to a greater share of citizens . 
   european than the greeks which is ironic considering that most european culture stems from the greeks . 
  shit learned more about the peloponisian war in school than i did about the napoleonic wars . 
   brits i am quite sure any politician which ran on a platform to tear down the nhs would be drawn quartered and hung . 
  those seem like a list of buzzwords , there is no spirit nor truth in them ; , that is the weightless language of politics . 
  any true definition of what it means to be a european must use the language of poesy . 
  surely romanticism is just as much a virtue of europe as enlightenment . 
  a 21st century nazi-liberal-homosexual-transvestite-pedophile obviously . 
  as is befitting a german . 
  i would say istanbul and its residents are european , but most of anatolia and it 's people are not . 
  in italy euro is used for both the plural and singular , though every once in a while someone says euri as the plural , but that is in general looked down upon as incorrect and uneducated . 
  and the irish , do n't forget them . 
  to be fair , pessoa deserved a noble . 
   i 've read a lot of cases ( during the debate on the eaw ) in which it appeared not to exist . 
  in which countries ? 
   so you would rather the state was judge , jury and executioner ? 
  so you find that state being judge and executioner comfortable , so long as the jury is composed of laymen instead of magistrates ? 
  i honestly see no real difference between judgment being passed by jury or by magistrate ; especially because we all live in democracies . 
   seriously , how is it not a bit dodgy to have no trial by jury by default in which the judge decides guilt and passes sentence in the majority of cases ? 
  places with no habeas corpus , meaning that suspects can spend outrageous amounts of time under arrest without charge . 
  first habeas corpus is present in every eu nation . 
  second the concept of being judged by my peers , at first it sounds noble and just , but then i start thinking about my peers , about how i would not trust them with my car much less my life , i prefer an educated judge . 
  well we did invent it . 
   imagine what you would do if ebola broke out two houses from you , would you consciously choose to stay in the containment zone if you were given the chance ? 
  you mean me who has received an excellent education all provided for by the state , me never knowing what hunger or fear of warlords is , me who can receive medical help whenever i need it ; ought to compare myself to people whose government has given them no education , who have been working since their childhood because if they do n't someone in the family goes hungry , who have had no one but themselves in the world to trust , whose government is full of thieves and swindlers and sociopaths , who would watch the people die for the hope of some profit - these people who know only from history that the white man once came and killed and took what he wanted , and that since the white man left the government and those multinationals the white man armies left behind , have been killing and taking ; that they should trust the white men who come claiming to be doctors and the officials of a government that has lied to them and been indifferent all their lives . 
  suddenly the world cares ? 
  suddenly the government officials are interested in the good of the people ? 
  suddenly the world gives half a shit about them , and the white man wants to risk his life for a poor african ? 
  if you were a lower class man from sierra leone or liberia , you would have to be rather stupid to trust the government and white men , suddenly . 
  if it were written english i would agree with you , but on reddit the standard is to use written english which imitates colloquial speech ; the phrase `` this is how i want my passport to look like '' , is perfectly acceptable . 
  the democratic socialist party . 
  the democrats in america have quite a few social democrat principles , but they do n't label themselves as such because you guys have developed a strange pavlovian response to the word socialist . 
  well it is a civil war , i mean has there ever been a country which did not ruin itself in a civil war . 
  the old poet lucan put it best : civil war is when a nation draws the sword and plunges it deep , into its own stomach . 
  this is just racist . 
  typical , denmark discriminating against the welsh .
