  a nation controlled by warlords and islamic extremists modelling themselves on issis . 
  the mess in libya is our fault . 
  we had to go in and bomb quadafi , without thinking or caring about what would happen after . 
  now libya is run by warlords and offshoots of isis . 
  and a great deal of the people are desperate to get out . 
  we might not be exactly responsible anymore for the horrors and plight of the eritrean people ( although we italians did give it a good rape 70 years ago ) ; we are , however , very much responsible for the situation in libya . 
  ( france and uk with american support , and approved of by almost all the eu . ), 
  the necessary infrastructure does not exist . 
  and libya which is the main energy exporter of north africa , is , having some domestic issues at the moment . 
   this is why jingoistic blowhards never do well in international politics - everyone has the same history , everyone has bled and died for europe , every country existing in the world today does so because people gave their lives generation after generation for it do so . 
  willingly or unwillingly , gallantly or in ignominy , against brother and alien and everything in between , so when these men try to set their people as special , as having given more , they wonder why people are repelled by them , and all they can do is try to shout until they are red and sweating . . 
  beautifully written . 
   and this is why i do n't argue about this . 
  it is a contentious topic for a reason and the certitude and lopsidedness with which you express your views is telling on how you approach these issues . 
  i could only repeat what i wrote in my first comment ( which most of you conveniently ignored ) so i 'm going to leave it at that . 
  you can also believe that the world is 6000 years old if you want too . 
  the consensus of historians is that ww1 was mainly caused due to german foreign policy of the prior decade , which consisted of a swaggering and bullying approach which angered the french-british and russians so much that three enemies formed an alliance over the german threat . 
  the moroccan incident , shows exactly how the germans were conducting themselves on the world stage . 
  also a great deal of blame goes to germany because they invaded a neutral country during the war . 
  which is the height of unlawful conduct and the ` strong will do what they can , weak must suffer what they must ' mentality which the german government espoused during those years . 
  there was a significant right wing portion fo france on which a portion of the blame can be put , but the majority rightly falls on the german government . 
  as for ww2 , the treaty of versailles was no harsher than the treaty which the prussians forced on the french after the franco-prussian war . 
  not only were the german treated in the same manner they had treated the french prior , but they , unlike the french , who had conceded defeat and paid of reparations ; did everything possible to subvert the treaty of versailles , often damaging the german economy doing it , just to spite the french . 
  there is no real controversy here , this is the current consensus of historians . 
  to be fair , i kind of understand it , romanians are the subject of so much racism in europe . 
  i mean in italy , which can be incredibly racist towards black people ; most people think far more highly of africans than they do of romanians . 
  it can understand why many have such a huge chip on their shoulder , romania earns about as much respect as two eggshells and a dead hooker in most european countries . 
  the italians are the same . 
  i believe something like 40 % of our energy comes from russian gas . 
  so long as it is not nuclear the people are willing to allow it . 
  he won abott the elections through sheer force of propaganda, 
   hell even the word for leader ( f\u00fchrer ) is unusable for us ... what word do you use for leader then nowadays ? 
  can you blame the german people , considering their history , for having the utmost disgust with war and warmongering ? 
  i do n't think it is so much that people expect germany to be the military leader so much as it is the last resort . 
  the three great powers of europe are france , germany and uk . 
  uk and france are the leaders of foreign policy as they have the two great armies , but france has no leader right now and is in political chaos ; and the same can be said for england , except they also have the scotish thing going on and are thinking an eu exit . 
  germany is the only one out of the 3 who has a stable political environment and an actual leader . 
  it is simply , our last resort . 
  i noticed this too . 
  and oddly enough it is not just putin , rupert murdoch seems to have copied berlusconi 's style as well . 
   it 's not even putin 's invention musolini , franco , hitler , stalin ; they all did it . 
  i just recently finished reading homage to catalonia , and i guarantee you this is neither new nor putin 's . 
  during the spanish civil war , there was no such thing as news , just propaganda . 
   for actual effective european military we need one army . 
  we still can have national guards that are dedicated on acting and defending on their own locality , but we need one army with one command structure . 
  god yes , and we must repeat it . 
  we have an economic union . 
  we are working on a political union ( very slowly , but it is being worked on . ), 
  but we will never be credible as a union , or as a player in the international game , until we develop a european army . 
  if we do n't have an army we do n't have a unified foreign policy , and if we do n't have a unified foreign policy , there is no one who can safeguard our social and economic interests . 
  we can not realistically expect america to do so , they will if our interests align , but in many cases they do n't and we are left voiceless as germany or the uk or france are too small individually to exert the necessary power . 
  the best way to do with would be to have a two tier army . 
  every nation would keep it 's own army ; which would act as a millita of sorts , under full control of national government . 
  and we would also create a eu army , with mixed regiments consisting of enlisted from multiple nations . 
  we would need to create a specific officer academy . 
  also we must consider the powerful symbolism which a eu army would bring , and also that there would be english and italian and french and hungarian lieutenants under a dutch captain in the same regiment ; all of whom feel themselves to be european officers , and who convey that feel wherever they may travel . 
  it is necessary . 
  how about we do n't give prussia a sate again . 
  yes but russia is fighting an army ; the usa was fighting an insurgency . 
  those are two different things . 
  if the usa went to war with mexico , it would suffer 2000 casualties in 7 weeks just the same . 
  i doubt they planned this 9 months in advance . 
  satirical genius . 
  ikea just earned a new customer . 
  he also forgot britain and ireland . 
  or how about , no . 
  there is a fine line between reducing immigration , and exterminating everyone with brown or black skin . 
  it is a very fine line , but i have a feeling we wo n't cross it . 
   remember libya ? 
  he was dragged into that by the french and english . 
  and libya for the most part was a french/english operation with american assistance . 
  also most republicans like ted cruz and rick perry or jeb bush are just like junior . 
   if usa does sanctions but eu wo n't it looks like a divided house but the usa has nothing to loose from sanctions ; most members of the eu have plenty to loose . 
  it is easy to be a caballero with sanctions when you are untouchable . 
  but yes , the eu desperately needs some form of foreign policy and cohesion . 
   obama was pithy and flippant and arrogant , and now , it 's incredibly obvious that he was wrong , and acting like a know-it-all child . 
  he did make a mistake with underestimating russia . 
  america right now seems like it 's only political choices are between hamlet and othello . 
  obama full of thought and unable to act ; or bush junior full of action and unable to think . 
  i think more importantly the baltics are part of the eu ; if the eu shows itself to be nothing more than a house of cards , it will give people like ukip and the fn the power to dismantle it . 
  divide and conquer . 
  putin knows a unified europe is a severe threat , and it desperately wants the eu to unravel . 
  and i hate to say it , but putin is playing a smart game , he might be able to outwit our politicians . 
   barely ever have they influenced the choice of government anyhow . 
  which is in itself , a strong reason to vote yes . 
   i 'd bring the ~ ~ funny ~ ~ [ glorious ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-dqig_2b0gpo/u8hjauov7ri/aaaaaaaabu4/kreqqh1yibq/s1600/101_6085.jpg ) hats . 
  i live in london now , and went to university in england ; and one thing i love here is the tradition . 
  of course we have tradition in italy , but it is mostly dead tradition , our traditions are all old sepulchres to be admired . 
  but in england it is a living thing , i love the strong sense on continuity that is found here . 
  i guess that is why the eu is seen with such anxiety , it would essentially mean a great departure and the end of a certain continuity . 
  haha i see you know italy . 
  honestly it is a great mix of things . 
  there is a great deal of semi institutionalised corruption , which makes the people naturally distrustful of government and looking for a way to cheat it at every turn , this leads to people believing that their vote is of no importance and they often sell their votes for a quick favour ( this is both true in the literal and figurative sense ) and this in turn strengthens and propagates corruption . 
  it is a vicious cycle . 
  the italian people have the bad habit of voting for whoever offers them the best quick promise ; regardless of weather it is good or bad for the nation . 
  also , the fact that italy is two nations within one nation . 
  the south and the north are different in everything . 
  a man from milan and a man from palermo have two utterly separate cultures , values , world views , and expectations of how life ought to be lived and run . 
  i have long maintained and i still believe , that the honest truth , is a person from milan or turin have more in common with a person from vienna or geneva , than they do with a neapolitan or a syracusan . 
  also the modern italian republic was born out of a civil war between communists and fascists , and italian politics is still incredibly diverse and polarised .
