  no translator will ever be able to communicate well enough to be found satisfactory , for true talking . 
  they are exterminating the shias though . 
  except the eu did not get slapped , ukraine did . 
   just think about all the blood and misery it took to build them and how many people the fortunes that went into them could have helped the poor this could be applied to virtually every building in the west . 
  heck , fuck it , every building in the world . 
  nope , it would not be like that . 
  every country could pass it 's laws and apply them . 
  but the eu can also pass laws and apply them . 
  but the eu can only pass laws in large scale matters . 
  in italy it is a quite common trope that the english have no culinary culture . 
  you are making war seem far more simple and straightforward than it is . 
  you ca n't seriously believe , that we will just bomb them a bit and then they will surrender and we wont loose a single life . 
  i mean that is just ridiculously naive . 
  have you not studied history ? 
  the more advanced the technology of armies , the bloodier the wars . 
  there is a reason ww1 was infinitely more deadly than the napoleonic wars . 
  putin is never going to attack a nato country . 
  and yes all i care about is profit , because it is a universal truth that sanctions only hurt the rich and powerful and they absolutely never hurt the poor common people . 
  but you ca n't separate politics from war . 
  war is just the continuation of political aims by other means . 
  russia has the third largest army in the world . 
  europe could take them on solo ? 
  have you any idea the pitiful state of most european armies right now ? 
  without the usa europe could not take on russia . 
  speaking of , how do you expect your politicians to make that sell at home ? 
  `` listen ladies and gentlemen , after these many years of peace we think it is best to send thousands of our young men to die fighting the russians because of a dispute in ukraine . 
  yea that one is really going to work in election season . 
  also nato is a defensive pact . 
  so if someone declares war on russia over the invasion of ukraine , no one is obligated to go along for the ride . 
  so who is going to be brave and declare war first ? 
  yea by doing that we literally confirm the crazy russian conspiracy theories that the west just wants to enslave and make a puppet out of russia . 
  on the 100th anniversary of ww1 to use the same stupid diplomatic ideas that lead to war , is so tragic it almost becomes farcical . 
  putin knows if he touches a nato country ww3 begins and he looses . 
  this can only ever be a war between russian and ukraine . 
  do you believe a war between russia and nato will be one of professional soldiers only ? 
  that is now how war between super powers works . 
  every single war fought between superpowers since 1789 , has relied on conscripts . 
   it 'll be tough for a while but it will not be that dramatic . 
  i think you might be underestimating how important gas is to keep a 21st century economy going . 
  also not freezing to death in winter is nice . 
  also when by devastating the russian economy we are sure to make the russian people love us . 
  does not everyone remember how after ww1 , leaving germany with a devastated economy , they just grew to love the west ? 
  by punishing the russian people we are guaranteeing there will be a war in the future . 
  if we declare war on russia i expect every man who was calling for it in this thread to be the first to sign up for recruitment ... if you are not willing to do that then you have no right to call for war with russia . 
  putin is not hitler . 
  this whole situation resembles ww1 far more than ww2 , a bunch of people looking to satisfy a war itch over some minor international squabbles . 
  except , you know , putin is not hitler ... 
  but why , this is a war between russia and ukraine , why must the european people and economies which have already been suffering suffer more . 
  so a politician can wake his big dick around and win the next election ? 
  so crash the german , italian , and romanian economies is your strategy ? 
  we get 40-60 % of our gas from russia . 
  you make it seem like going to war with russia would be a jolly affair . 
  it depends which university you went to . 
  eastern europe does have some good universities for certain fields but , hr tends to prefer applications with western european education , because there have been many cases of cheating and such in eastern universities . 
  all those nations are trying to cut their spending and none of them need any new ships . 
  i mean i guarantee you they could find use for them , they just ca n't afford them right now . 
  the british a levels are rather easy , my point is simply that when you hear a lot of people say that they can not get jobs even with university degrees , the fault is not in having a university degree but in getting one from a university which most hr departments do n't even consider . 
  my point is that it is in the best interest of many young people to get a vocational training or do an apprenticeships rather than going to a bottom barrel ` university ' . 
  what is italy or france of germany or the uk going to with them then ? 
  could ukraine buy them instead ? 
  naturally i was talking about jobs such as marketing , sales , management , hr and the like rather than engineering or chemistry or law . 
  also one thing to consider is that there are almost 200 universities in the uk . 
  with such a large amount of universities , catering to everyone from the boy who graduates eton top of his class to the young girl who barley managed to earn a high school diploma , it is natural that there would occur a ridiculous discrepancy in quality of education and graduates . 
  truth is most companies want intelligent people , the majority of training for the job is given in the company . 
  to return to my previous example , if your graduate from st.andrews you are guaranteed to be an intelligent young man or woman . 
  while in the bottom universities , the people are for the most part mediocre , i kid you not that some people i have met from some low ranking universities have the written and spoken english aptitude of a 16 year old . 
  companies for most business jobs , do n't need trained people , they need intelligent people . 
  naturally the fault is with the system , half of the universities in england or most countries should not exist , because they do not take university level minds and do not offer university level education . 
  but there is such a vogue that all young people must attend university that this has created a two tier system where , in hr at least there are university graduates and ` university graduates ' . 
   i ca n't believe someone with a degree in a certain field from a low ranked uni is worse i a job of said field than someone with a random degree of a top uni . 
  well , most people do n't end up doing what they study . 
  most people who go to oxford to study history do n't end up becoming historians . 
  the degree for most fields is just a show of intelligence . 
  buddy of mine who studied philosophy is now working as an investment banker in jp.morgan . 
  it is all about the quality of the university you graduate from . 
  the irony of course is that by being so tolerant they are oppressing the poor immigrants . 
  the more they tolerate these radical retards the more the native population shall grow angry and exasperated and the more likely it is that the backlash will not just hit the extremists but the poor secular and peaceful brown folks who just came over to lead normal lives . 
  they are literally fucking over the people who they want to protect . 
  yep , if you fight for an enemy army you ought to be stripped of your citizenships and sent into permanent exile . 
   unless you attended a uni in the top 25 it 's not just the uk , same can be said for italy and france and most countries . 
  i went to a top 20 uni in the uk , and after graduating found a pretty good job in london . 
  i also studied literature and history which are not degrees with a renown for good job prospects . 
  so i often hear people cavil that they have not found a job and they have more useful degrees , but they are from low ranking schools . 
  people need to realise that what really matters for job prospects ( i work in hr ) is the university you went to . 
  someone who studied art history at st.andrews is going to get the interview for a marketing job over someone who studied marketing at the university of greenwich . 
  that is how it works in hr . 
  more people should be made aware that it is a lot better to get a vocational training from a trade school than going to a low ranking university . 
  i do n't think it 's stupidity , as much as it is apathy . 
  there is not a single politician in europe willing to go to war with russia over ukraine , and putin knows this . 
  they will scream and they will shout , they will raze down a forest for paper to write condemning letters and further sanctions . 
  but no one is willing to loose a single soldier over this . 
  i am scared to say , that that is all putin needs to know before invading . 
  i was just speaking about your potential . 
  i mean lets be honest , pax romana existed because of the unquestionable domination of agustus ' legions ; and our current pax americana exists because of the unquestionable domination of your army and navy . 
  ah that last bit is a real shame to hear . 
  i visited istanbul two years ago and i genuinely believe it is one of the most beautiful cities in the world . 
  the people were friendly and honest , and walking along the bosporus with the cypress trees , is one of my favourite memories . 
  i wish you and your people the best of luck !, 
  i do n't know , as things stand america could take on the entire world by itself . 
  since you are turkish can i ask you for an opinion ?
