  fairness is innate , all children have an understanding of it and in fact one of the most common complaints of childhood is `` this is not fair '' . 
  children however , are devoid of an ethical understanding until they reach the age of reason . 
  morality is a product of courage and reason , fairness is a product of cooperation and social dynamics . 
  personally , my own views on human nature prior to society are hobbesian . 
  were it not for society , and the state ; human life would be short and brutish , full of violence and fear , and neither peace nor the arts of work and development and creation would have been able to occur ; for without the order brought by society the only moral law would be the strong will do what they can and the weak must suffer what they must . 
   but i wonder what they 'll do once the ukraine thing is settled . 
  most likely , either focus on economic development and try to restore trade with the eu , or start looking at the ripened kazakistan ready for harvest . 
   my country never claimed to be the purveyor of secular , progressive values , yes europe does claim this . 
  starting arbitrary wars is not a secular progressive value . 
   anyway , once kiev falls though it wo n't be long until romanians have to do something to stop it . 
  do n't worry , ok ? 
  i disagree , romania is already part of the eu , there would be no strategic value in conquering it for russia . 
  the russians so far have acted hypocritically , cruelly and with utter disregard for ethical integrity ; but they have acted very rationally . 
  if russia wanted to start a war with the eu it would have conducted the invasion of ukraine in a very different manner . 
   altruism , compassion , fairness seem to predate humanity , let alone religions . 
  which reminds me of humean , moral sense theory perspective on metaethics . 
  this is still heavily debated . 
  in fact in jane goodall book 's , it is made abundantly clear that in the world of chimpanzees the only law is might makes right . 
  they conduct wars between tribes , hunt for lone enemy members and mutilate them , and if a male has a child with a female and the female dies , the male will abandon the baby to die . 
  chimpanzees have no sense of morality by human standards . 
  do not confuse fairness with morality , fairness is exhibited in lion prides as well . 
  what has your country done to stop it ? 
  those are their parade uniforms . 
  they have combat uniforms . 
  they just do n't feel the need for wearing combat uniforms all the time , most likely because doing that is just perceived as an act of intimidation . 
   you do n't need religion to be moral . 
  true , but in absence of a philosophical study of ethics which the majority of people will never do ; it gives a good base . 
  the lack of a strong eu army also binds us to american foreign policy , even when it is clearly against our own interests . 
  and it is hypocritical of us to to expect the american 's to carry the burden of military expenditure . 
  i do n't really think hitler started with a big bang . 
  if anything the invasion of poland was the last straw which could be taken after he had slowly , annexed austria , taken the sudetenland , then rest of chekoslovakia . 
  the political situation is rather complex so let me just delve in the economic reasons : albania has a gpd of 13 billion . 
  right in between mauritius and namibia . 
  by contrast bulgaria and romania , two of the poorest nations in the eu have , respectively gpd 's of 51 billion and 169 billion . 
  for all intents and purposes albania is a third world country and would fit into the eu economic scheme with the same grace as libya . 
  to be fair , albania is not ready to join the eu . 
  their political/economic situation is not up to standards . 
   is there an ` equivalent ' to building a wall ? 
  france , spain , italy , uk all send a portion of their navy to patrol the mediterranean and create a wall of steel . 
   i kind of agree somewhat . 
  i think the us will replace more modernized vehicles and supplies to smaller nations and then the smaller nations will in turn give their existing vehicles and supplies to ukraine , so it 's sort of a down-low proxy . 
  trickle down warfare ? 
  i do n't think singapore is fascist , it certainly has authoritarian tendencies , but that alone does not make a fascist state . 
   made you look less spastic i am guessing english is not your first language , buddy . 
  the governors of the rebel regions in the ukraine are russian government men . 
  what does poland have to do with a war between russia and ukraine ? 
   and in the context of human rights and all that values stuff eu seems to hold on so tightly i do n't see how this fits in we believe in human rights , so long as half of them drown in the mediterranean first . 
  do you guys have any viable alternatives to the merk in germany ? 
  the banks . 
  i thought the war cabinet had gathered to pen a letter of disapproval , do you think that would be to strong a response ? 
  nope , the average italian 20-35 five year old can barley string together a phrase in english . 
  the french might not be better , but they can not be worse . 
  12 months ago they were not marching prisoners of war through the streets like trophies of victory and then spraying the street with water to clean it from foot steps of subhuman filth . 
  it has to be [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xru1ajsxn1g ), 
   that 's why i said in the future , after russia wins and takes control of ukraine . 
  i do n't think that would change anything . 
  i am reminded of an old anecdote . 
  there was once a chemist living in calais who decided that he was done with the world and wished to make his exit . 
  in the morning he went into a poor part of town , to an apothecary therein , and bought the necessary incidents . 
  he prepared the poison in the afternoon , and after dinner , he proceeded with his final ritual . 
  the poison , however , failed ; he writhed on the ground in much pain and making a violent and loud noise . 
  the neighbours heard and called the physician , who had also been the chemist 's friend . 
  the physician hurries over , breaks down the door and tends to his friend . 
  later in the night , the chemist explained his failed plan to his friend . 
  the physician exclaimed , during the confession , `` why did you not by the ingredients from murad ? 
  if you were so sure of your decision , why did you buy them from some unreliable cheap store near the slums ? '', 
  the chemist responded `` i would have gone to murad 's , but the last time i went , i think he overcharged me . '', 
  the eu , and it 's countries , are much like the chemist . 
  one one had , the russian government disgusts me and i feel for the plight of the ukrainian people . 
  on the other hand the loss of a single eu soldier , over ukraine , is one to many . 
  i think this is how many leaders of western europe feel , which is why sanctions and sterns letters are all that will be done . 
  the eastern europeans are more jingo , which makes sense ; but it is hard to discern between those who are genuinely scared of russia in light of history , which is fair , and the others who just want revenge on russia using european armies , which is vain and stupid . 
  it 's fascist logic . 
  they are oppressing us because they wo n't allow us to oppress others . 
  can anyone at this point try to deny that the russian government is a fascist style government ? 
  putin is russia 's mussolini , and all the russian people seem to care about is that the trains are running on time . 
   i guess one of the main reasons for not having a proper military mechanism is that we thought we were beyond this `` let 's start a war in europe '' shit . 
  is that not how it works . 
  all countries realise war is not in their interest and start dismantling their military infrastructure . 
  then after time , all you need is one asshole , and there is always one , to think that all the other countries seem weak and unwilling and unprepared for war and he could easily boss them around if he invested in his military . 
  it is a self perpetuating cycle . 
  oddly enough the more the mentality of ` war is no longer possible ' the more likely it is for someone to see an advantage in war . 
  i see half of the eu countries immediately vetoing any such proposal . 
  especially all the countries with large anti-eu political parties . 
   none of this supports your argument that there is anything proposed by negotiators , it is rather difficult to find proof when all the discussions of the deal are taking place behinde closed doors . 
  http://www.grain.org/article/entries/4846-food-safety-in-the-eu-us-trade-agreement-going-outside-the-box here is a good summary of the issue . 
   edit : did n't see your flair . 
  you are english in italy ? 
  opposite , i am an italian living in london . 
  but my mother is french . 
  honestly the real estate prices in london are ridiculous , but i think it has more to do with the fact that every billionaire in the world has to have a house in london . 
  eventually it will stabilise , they have been predicting a price crash for 2 decades , and eventually , by laws of nature , it will happen . 
  i am unsure about how housing is in the rest of the uk . 
  but it seems to me more like a construction opportunity than anything else . 
  i consider my self rather well traveled , and it is quite funny how ever nation considers it 's self full of problems and collapse and decline , in contrast to other nations which are doing well . 
  it is almost a sense of pride , that we have so many problems that they do n't have . 
  but it is because everyone is in tune with the media and news of their country and the news likes being sensational , and so it seems like their country is so much worse of than others . 
  the truth is we are fine , there are enough good men and women in western nations , who will fight the good fight , and that is all a society needs to be healthy and beautiful . 
  the worst at this are probably the french . 
  to point out that france is not so bad is almost to insult a frenchman .
