   200 of my people were slaughtered by these russian fucks . 
  and the response to that is to send 20,000 of your people to be slaughtered while slaughtering 20,000 of their people . 
  and then what , a peace is made declaring status quo ante bellum ? 
   why do you pussies always assume that wo n't happen ? 
  i know europe well enough , when the people start cheering for war , there is a great mistake about to be made . 
  it 's like wagner , the first act is sublime , by the second act you want to leave but can not , and come the third act you are forced to think of the great mistake and horror you made in trusting the illusion of the overture . 
  but fuck it , if you want to sing the old tune sing away :  we do n't want to fight but by jingo if we do  we 've got the ships , we 've got the men , we 've got the money too  we 've fought the bear before , and while we 're britons true  the russians shall not have ~ ~ constantinople ~ ~ kyiv . 
  they have like everyone else in the world , been struggling since 2008 . 
  i am sure you will be among the first to enlist if we do . 
  on a general level few people will argue against the russian government 's track record of tyranny for the last 500 years or so . 
  the us government for most of it 's history treated the blacks , the natives , and the poor catholic immigrants horribly , but russia treated all it 's citizens who were not nobility and later party members , with the same inhumanity that the usa only had for certain smaller groups . 
  just the fact that russia abolished serfdom in 1872 , an institution which had vanished from western europe in the late middle ages , shows how behind the russians were . 
  also while the american government has never been a huge supporter of the arts , unlike france or italy or the uk , it has never like the russian government dedicated an unreasonable amount of effort in rendering the lives of it 's greatest men unbearable . 
  pushkin , lermontov , dostoyevsky , tolstoy , gogol , pasternak , buglagov ; a list of possibly the greatest literary minds not just of russia but of the world , where all frequently exiled , imprisoned , censored , ostracised , fined , ridiculed and despised by the current governments . 
  the worst any american writers had to deal with was occasional censorship of sexual themes . 
  things like this show the charter of a government . 
  i never said the usa was worse than russia , i did say that the war the russians started in ukraine is less morally reprehensible than the war the usa started in iraq . 
  both obviously being morally reprehensible . 
  this is quite true i think , since capitalism has now a de facto monopoly , it has no incentive to improve upon itself , unlike when it was in a struggle for survival with first fascism and then communism, 
  i do n't know why , but your comment brought to my mind an image of hollande , driving his vespa to versailles to set up his new office there . 
   so if someone sat next to you on the bus said after sneezing that they had ebola and then ran off would you laugh ? 
  i mean , it 's just a joke , right ? 
  he did not do anything even close to that ... 
  * sweedish homo sex * extremists . 
  politics is much like a rubber band , the harder you pull to one side , the quicker and stronger and further it will snap back to the opposite side . 
  does anyone know what crime he was charged with ? 
   are you implying the same casualties would n't happen when annexing a country ? 
  the annexation of crimea was done with only one casualty i believe . 
  the body count of iraq is half a million . 
   when you ignore , abuse and vilify a minority view that is genuinely held no one is abusing and vilifying ukip , most people are just refusing to take them seriously . 
  there are a sizeable minority of people who believe silly things , they are not vilified , but they ca n't demand people to take them seriously . 
  is immigration a problem ? 
  yes . 
  it ought to be reduced , but intelligently and with a pragmatic discussion involving all parties . 
  deciding to arbitrarily leave the eu and ban all further immigration imediatly is just silly . 
  give a man a mask and he will show you who he is . 
  itt : lets take a moment to look at op 's username . 
  those damned mongolians !, 
  he obviously studied at the prestigious north korean school of diplomacy and international relations . 
  you are brining up some rather good points , and i agree with you for the most part ; but none of what you are saying excuses a stupid and childish retort from a man serving as foreign minister and representing his country . 
  the decision sweden made is purely symbolic and has no effect on israel . 
  diplomats should not speak if they can not improve upon the silence . 
  also while it is true that israel has been in a constant struggle for survival since their founding , the fact that they have also annexed and continue to annex large portions of palestinian lands , shows that defence is quite clearly not their only interest . 
   i also think that diplomacy should n't be on a schoolyard level of discourse . 
  so no more ` my military is bigger than your military ' contests in the locker-room of the un ? 
  so you are saying that the uk ought to submit to a tyranny of the minority ? 
  well yea , no one ever argued that russia has not had a river of terrifying and shit governments . 
  i am pretty sure if we did a comparison of the artistic and scientific genius which russia has produced , to that of all other nations in eastern europe , russian wins with ease . 
  no one wants to stay in southern italy , all those migrants are either heading to the north or to france/germany/uk . 
  hell most southern italians are leaving southern italy . 
   what matters to people in our own lives is how they feel and how they perceive their lives and how they experience life around us . 
  no , this is dangerous . 
  most germans after the treaty of versailles felt that it was the fault of the jews that they lost the war . 
  great write up , i feel more knowledgeable now . 
  the times and spectator are also decent . 
  technically neither is ours , but i meant de facto heads of state not ceremonial ones like the queen or the president of the republic . 
  except the council is literally composed of elected heads of state . 
  i appreciate the fact that he writes french . 
  i mean i do n't understand the complaints , does anyone actually find it detrimental to their reddit experience that someone is being multi lingual . 
   that being said , i would prefer it if the uk remained the dominant european military power to assist in internet arguments against the french . 
  this is probably why germany is so reluctant to increase defence spending . 
  the people would just find it awkward and uncomfortable to brag about how they have a stronger military than france/uk . 
  we do n't really have any south american 's ; at least in milan all the servants and careers i know are pilipino or eastern european . 
  in italy we hate more than anything eastern europeans , a close second is north africans . 
  edit : not that i personally dislike anyone , just commenting on the racism of my countrymen . 
  i agree with you on this , aside from france and the uk everyone in the eu is being irresponsible . 
   but hey , europeans can just freeload off the usa , right ? 
  is france no longer european now ? 
  do you mean rational and intelligent people who refuse to believe naive and simple solutions will fix complex problems ? 
  i live in london , i assure you the racism is very equally distributed between africans , south asians and eastern europeans . 
  the average person all over the world should feel the same way . 
  west africa needs help . 
  technically nato punishes you too for having a successful economy , as military spending must be 2 % of gdp . 
  you beat me to it , i was just about to mention the beautiful women . 
  flair up , son . 
  i never said that , we must try , but always in a rational way which includes an understanding of limitations . 
   so lets keep that ? 
  change is always easier said than done . 
   to me it 's pretty clear that the maidan revolution was instigated and sustained by the state department . 
  i severely doubt that , but if it is true that would mean russia was justified in it 's invasion . 
   maybe the real question should be : why is europe still acting against its interests and supporting destructive us foreign policy failure after failure ? 
  because we are the bitches of the usa . 
  or said more politely , until the eu federalises the usa is the most powerful entity in the world , and culturally we are rather similar as well . 
  and we have been in a military alliance with them since 1945 . 
   the same way jews flying from nazis were deported back to germany . 
  once a nazi always a nazi ? 
  or the polish that were deported back to poland under stalin . 
  if we are going to speak honestly the world did not care much for the plight of the jews until the war was over , and the plight of the poles was just geo politics , or rather russia 's reward . 
  it is how the world works . 
  the strong will do what they can and the weak must suffer what they must . 
  it is not fair , but our entire political , economic , social and cultural framework is structured around that axiom . 
  the us wants a great deal of things , i do n't see how this is relevant . 
   they 're most like us compared to any people/country on the planet . 
  `` history , stephen said , is a nightmare from which i am trying to awake '', 
  i think you guys have produced some amazing writers , also it seems like a very beautiful country , with the green plains and the hills , and the pastoral dignity of the land . 
   ukrainians are now ready to become real people , eu uber alles , such union , wow . 
  no one wanted ukraine as part of the eu , maybe 10-20 years in the future but in the immediate that was not even an option , ukraine was just to politically and economically behind . 
   eu has provoked the conflict and it 's at least partially guilty of the war how did we provoke it , by offering a free trade agreement ? 
  the problem with this is that the majority do n't bring documents or purposefully destroy them so you have no country to repatriate them too . 
  they do n't make military uniforms like they used too .
