   even if eu citizens pile in by the thousands because of economic disparity ? 
  things are quite crowded already , no ? 
  not really , yes london is full of immigrants , but the majority are university educated and bring talent and education . 
  all countries in the eu have big immigration problems , in italy albanians and romanians are a source of great tension . 
  i would say england is quite lucky in that the majority of migrants who go there tend to be educated and from middle/upper class backgrounds . 
  nope , my grandmother who lived through the war still has nightmares about air bombing sirens in milan . 
  the war is not as distant as we young people make it out to seem . 
  there is strong distrust of germany militarism . 
  and i love germans , and admire how they run their country , but every once in a while you still catch a scent of the old prussian attitudes . 
  i think you have to wait for the younger generations to move into power before germany could ever have anything more than a nominal defence force . 
  i doubt the uk will pull out . 
  it is mostly press sensationalism . 
  all the big business and banks are very pro-europe , london is pro-europe , university educated people are pro-europe . 
  it is just a very vocal minority and the news media that panders to them which wants out . 
  in italy and france we have the same problem with the same amount of people as the uk who are anti-europe . 
  arbitrary numbers make the world go round . 
  if the peasants run out of bread just let them eat cake . 
  does france count as northern or southern europe ? 
  does nato the largest military alliance in the world , need to defend it 's credibility , has anyone questioned our credibility ? 
  does anyone believe that if a nato country were attacked , that military action would not be immediately taken ? 
  america and the eu declaring war on a nation which violates a nato member 's borders is dissuasive power enough . 
  anything else is dick waving . 
  it 's already been stated that the treaty would allow american companies to bypass certain eu laws on food safety , for the export of food to the eu . 
  there was a very good article on the guardian about if a week ago . 
   it 's not like italy ever contributed anything significant to nato . 
  you are just kinda proving my point that all you are interested in is a dick measuring contest . 
  nope , we loudly oppose escalating the tension with russia by starting a dick measuring contests . 
  i think the eu has made it clear by now . 
  it will not intervene militarily in ukraine , were russia to invade , but if russia were to invade it would be even more isolated than now , and a stronger set of sanctions would be put into place . 
  if russia ever attacked a nato country europe would immediately declare war . 
  we have laid our cards out clearly on the table . 
  let russia choose what to do . 
  no dick waving is necessary on our part . 
  if eastern europe wants to start dick waving , they are free to use their own money and military to do so . 
  to be fair , the people who are pro-agression are normally the people who have nothing to loose . 
  yes , i do n't see any good in the treaty for the eu as well . 
  especially if we are forced to change our health standards for it . 
  i have to agree with you . 
  i am half french . 
  from my mother 's side . 
  and no one is forcing french , you will notice the posts were bilingual , . 
  written in both french and english . 
  i do n't see what you are objecting to . 
  i think this might just be a case of belgian envy on your part . 
  * to me it seems a genial idea , perfect in spirit for this sub . 
  multiculturalismo e una cosa bella . 
  * why not use all the languages ? 
  we could learn something . 
  multiculturalism is a good thing . 
  * we must start this new style . 
  agree , i like my fellow citizens , but fuck me if i would entrust my freedom to luigi the illiterate and carlo the 40 year old who still lives in his mothers house and has not yet found a job ... 
  right now russia is fighting a proxy war with ukraine . 
  ten year down the line , if this type of nationalism intensifies , we could have the russian people cheering for a war with the european union . 
  i do n't know if there are any russians here , but is the average russian as enthusiastic about war , as this video and others makes it seem ? 
  if so , 5 , 10 years down the line , i fear we are going to have a major problem . 
  hugo boss and guci are the same range as ralph lauren . 
  armani and hermes would be considered couture range . 
  i know massimo dutti is part of the same group as zara . 
  zara is the lower range , and massimo dutti is the mid range end . 
  they are very similar but md has better quality fabrics and better designs . 
  much like how alpha romeo belongs to fiat . 
  one is low range and the other mid range , even though they belong to the same company . 
  d&g is made of horribly cheap stuff . 
  no one in italy think they are actually good . 
   not letting a country use their ancient except it is not their name . 
  the region of macedonia , is now in what would be greece . 
  the fyrom has literally nothing to do with ancient macedonia , culturally , geographically or ethnically . 
  i would say ralph lauren is high range . 
  mid range would be something like massimo dutti . 
  era sarcasmo . 
  pretty sure israel is a bit busy right now . 
  well if the brits decided to work together with the french and spanish and italians , fighting for a different eu policy than the one set by germany , it would be more helpful than throwing a tantrum in the corner . 
  not that the other countries are blameless . 
  france is led by a man who would earn a national applause for successfully tying his shoelaces . 
  italy finally is being led by a man of youth , intelligence , and most of all , honest values and moral integrity . 
  but naturally such a character is incomprehensible to the the majority and they are hellbent of ganging up on him in an alley and breaking his legs . 
  belgium and hollande support german rule as it benefit them . 
  spain , last i heard has decide to become a philosopher hermit , and has retired on a hill to think over the respective merits of a monarchy or republic . 
  who would have guessed that italian , french , spanish , britons , irish , portugese and greeks not being able to afford german products , would hurt the german economy . 
  it 's almost like , capitalism relies on a strong middle class to be successful . 
  woah , woha , woah , it 's almost like they are different countries or something . 
  i think this is quite a simple case . 
  and athenian in 400bc only had to pay attention to athenian politics . 
  and athenian in 1 ad , had to pay attention to both roman and athenian politics . 
  better late than never . 
  but western europe really owes a big thanks to russia . 
  they managed to devastate germany 's ammunition supplies , using their bodies . 
  and the american 's kept us fed through the entire war . 
  a summary of russian history : ` and then , it got worse . ', 
   as an italian you probably know what it ` s like to sink into your chair whenever your country is in the news . 
  it 's more of a weep in the chair sentiment really , but yea . 
  or you know , bar people who have fought for an enemy army from returning to the country . 
  fighting in the army of an enemy to your nations , is a standard definition of treason . 
  sometimes it feels like the us government is playing a game of `` how quickly can we loose all the respect that we have earned in the last 75 years '', 
  well i guess we each have our own views , but honestly i have found language to be such a complicated thing , i have still to this day never found an english translation of baudelaire pleasing or close to the original . 
   i do n't think this is ironic at all since the spread of english in europe and around the world has little to do with the uk but everything to do with us dominance . 
  i agree with this . 
   also i do n't believe that language will be an issue in the future because in the future machine translation will have reached the point that learning another language will lose its value . 
  and this is just naive . 
  i am going to guess that you are only fluent in one language , as anyone fluent in two or more languages understands that languages do n't simply convey thought , they shape it .
