wow what a load of crap !, 
  god forbid `` other customers '' hear some other language , their heads could explode . 
  not really , because they do n't know what you are saying , for all they know you could be saying cruel things about them . 
  in a work environment you want customers at ease and relaxed , part of that includes feeling like you are in a familiar setting . 
  it makes perfect sense from a business point of view . 
   if more than a tiny fraction ( 3 or 4 members last i checked , the majority non-european ) spent what they were supposed to . 
  as far as i am aware the uk and france are the only ones who spend what they ought to on their army 's , coincidentally two nations that do n't particularly care about ukraine , i mean they give moral support with their words , but they would never send a soldier . 
  in the french i know , i see more of zola than of chateaubriand . 
   symbol for eu tho could be europarl building in brussels . 
  please no , that is one ugly fucker . 
   and then shrugs at the suffering of native europeans . 
  do you really believe that the left does not care for their people ? 
  ahh , my best friend is a programmer in london and he struggles as well , it just seems that british companies would rather outsource to india or china and get a shoddy product than pay a decent salary to get a good one at home . 
  mind if i ask what your profession is ? 
  my best advice is to try for paid internships , with them you have a though year but after that get a good career going . 
  the french are essentially depressed italians . 
  i quite like hollande , he may not be the best man out there , but he seems to be a genuinely honest man who is trying to do his duty . 
  such people are very rare in politics . 
  did n't the ussr have nukes by 1948 ? 
  i found that to be peculiar as well . 
  maybe just a longing for the old commonwealth ? 
  ohh i thought when you said 10 years , that he was in academia for 10 years . 
  holy shit did it really take him 10 years to do his degree ? 
  that really is bad . 
  haha what ? 
  the highest paid graduates are those with economics degrees . 
  mathematics is a horrible degree if you are interested in making money , that is more of a passion degree . 
   it 's all far game . 
  not really , you ca n't just take a shot at male italian fashion , that is low , it would be like someone making a joke about how the english do n't know how to make proper tea , or a joke that californian wine is better than french wine ; some words can not be said without having to answer by sword or pistols . 
  i briefly worked in hr , when companies advertise 1-2 year of work experience required it tends to be a hyperbole to dissentivize people who do n't feel confident from applying , so we get fewer and better applicants . 
  it is just one of many tricks used to make the recruiting job easier . 
  well yea the first 1-2 years are though , but that is the same for almost any field in life . 
  italy has a youth unemployment of 45 % , with those numbers it does not matter what you study , finding a decent paid jobs is next to impossible . 
   the dutch prime minister studied history ( for like 10 years ) i do n't see how this is a bad thing , history is probably one of the best fields of study for aspiring statesmen , i would prefer a prime minster who studied history over law or finance . 
  where my girlfriend lives , woe is me . 
  something which i find interesting is the choice of people to put on banknotes , perhaps this is just charlatanry , but i think something can be inferred about national character from choices such as these . 
  using the banknotes from before the introduction of the euro : france : 2 artists , 1 writer , 1 engineer , 1 scientist italy : 3 artists , 2 inventors , 1 musician , 1 teacher england : 1 philanthropist , 1 scientist , 1 economist , 1 inventor germany : 3 writers , 1 mathematician , 1 architect , 1 musician , 1 scientist , 1 artist spain : 2 explorers , 1 scientist , 1 king ireland : 3 politicians , 1 nun , 1 writer poland : 5 kings, 
  yea escape is the right word . 
  all the people from wealthy families i know are sending their children to germany or england for university , as they already know there is no hope for them there . 
   t does cause a divide , but in the larger picture of things would that really matter ? 
  yes , yes it does . 
   is it so unfair that someone that is unable to lead or completely comprehend what he is responsible for should be left out of the system ? 
  unfair , no , but what is the definition of ` unable to lead ' ? 
  are we going to be using quantitate date to measure it , or qualitative ? 
  we ca n't use qualitative as that can not be measured and any quantitative data is not a just definition . 
  it is inherently impossible to create a just definition of ` able to lead ' . 
   and here checks and balances come around , is to prevent discrimination , the pursuit of doubtworty goals and things like nepotism.people would still be allowed to vote ( see my comments elsewhere ) in that situation , although the people they can vote for would be limited to some extent . 
  that seems very vague , i mean i could say lets create an international organisation , in which all nations are members , so diplomatic disputes can be resolved in a civilised manner without resorting to violence . 
  it sounds great and it is called the un , and yet , when you put it into practise there are still wars aplenty . 
   to make sure that the new ` rulers ' can not misuse their new position , a strong system of checks and balances ( controlled by a completely independent judiciary ) should be set in place . 
  this will make sure that there indeed will be no divide within society , while still maintaining efficient governance . 
  in my view , the power of the judiciary should even be extended in such a system to quell any breaches of the constitution and other international treaties of relevance . 
  once again you are being very vague , none of this reflects the details of how it will be done and both you and i know the devil is in the details . 
   the roman republic however comes closest to what i am talking about the roman republic which became an empire with an emperor . 
  i have the zone 1-8 monthly pass . 
  well hitler was a vegetarian . 
  1 ) offer sacrificial bull to jupiter 2 ) offer sacrificial goat to apollo 3 ) send jobs applications 4 ) declare war on corsica 5 ) go to your job interview with a white shirt , red tie ( vertical stripes allowed , other patterns are not advised ) , blue blazer , and brown trousers 6 ) be charming 7 ) drink the blood of a virgin 8 ) politely emial your prospective employer asking when you will receive the results of your interview 9 ) win the world cup 10 ) get job , work hard , get paid , live rich , die old . 
   and all you italians just shrug your shoulders when another one of your friends does n't see their paycheck for three months and mutter `` eeee cosi '' whilst chilling on your parents ' sofa ... 
  this is not quite true , there is a lot of political tension and movement amongst the youth , there is very little complacency to be found amongst those of my age , but it mostly feels like sisyphus ' labour . 
   you may change your mind as you decide to start a family :-) this is true , but i doubt it . 
  i prefer london girls , most of the girls i know from milan are money focused , i have found the girls in london to have more artistic and cultural tastes by comparison . 
   and of course , the 2017 referendum may make your mind up for you i doubt it as i have a job here and went to university here , so a work visa can be had easily until i can apply for permanent residence . 
  most italians i know tend to study business or economy , humanities degrees are at an all time low right now in italy . 
   living with # 800 a month in london for more then a couple of years ? 
  is this even humanely possible ? 
  i spend 300 pounds a month on just transport costs . 
   except most of them live in london and work shitty minimum wage jobs the data suggest that 63 % hold a bachelors degree or higher , so definitely the majority of us are working in well paid careers . 
   this . 
  just this . 
  i ca n't get my head around it , and it really annoys me that so few people think the same . 
  this is one of those things which sounds great in theory but in practise just can not work . 
  the problem is you essentially create a society which degenerates into tier 1 and tier 2 citizens , and institutionalised discrimination and hate will always be inevitable under such a system . 
  also who will represent the will and needs of the citizens who do n't have a vote ? 
  will it be like the days of old france were the nobility were expected to represent the voice of their peasants ? 
  democracy is not about having the most efficient or best government . 
  democracy is most likely the slowest and most incompetent of all forms of government . 
  but it guarantees freedom , it prevents tyranny ; at it 's worse it can resemble chaos , but even at it 's worst , no man will ever have to fear being a slave to a tyrant . 
   a generation of italy 's best and brightest are now living in the uk and who knows if they will ever return . 
  speaking as one , i am not planning on returning to italy ever , well maybe in old age to retire . 
  renzi is in my opinion a great man who has the potential to do great things , but 50 years of corruption , incompetence , and hypocrisy can not be fixed in a day . 
  italy will be reformed , and the culture , which is the greatest issue , will change and become more honourable . 
  ( many people are and were raised to think how to fuck over the sate , their friends , their boss , their employees , their colleagues , the shopkeepers , the police , the old grandma , everyone , as that is what ` smart ' guys do , morals and ethics are are for idiots . ), 
  but this will be a long process , and those of my generation who do not have family connections to begin a career , or the skills to emigrate , will be a lost and hopeless generation . 
   ( i ca n't name a pro-eu paper off the top of my head ) would the guardian count as pro-eu ? 
  so the common peoples wanted a greater share of political influence , a free press , freedom of speech , and a tax and legal system which abolished the old hereditary privileges of birth and clergy ... and one thing led to another , so a corsican emperor marched a conquering army of 500,000 men into russia . 
  i am sure we have some sort of laws about sham marriages , in italy we have a great deal of laws which cover every second of existence , but they are for the most part unenforced and when they are enforced a court case for something as simple as this can take a decade to be resolved . 
  for example , my family has an estate north of milan , and 6 years ago a neapolitan moved up north and bough our neighbour 's estate which borders with our own , and he sued us because he claims that 20 acres of our property actually belong to his property ; six years have passed and we are still in court waiting for the first sentencing , and after the first there will be two more appeals and my uncle ( a lawyer ) reckons that the law suit will last for at least another 5-8 years . 
  tl ; dr we have laws , they are just almost impossible to enforce in a civilised time frame . 
   did you just not read it before commenting ? 
  forgive me reddit for i have sinned . 
   france had an age of tumult after her revolution this seems like a bit of an understatement . 
  why would n't the son just marry his girlfriend ? 
  it is in all but name . 
  it is part of the single market , it has free movement of all peoples within the eea , and it follows all the regulations of the eea . 
  it 's like when you are reading about old accounts of famous battles , and you spot in the mappings a lieutenant leading a small group of men straight into the cannon 's mouth , and against all reason capturing it and the flags with full success . 
  either that young man was the bravest on the battlefield , or the dumbest on the battlefield , and you can never really be sure which . 
   it means the building looks like it has always been there and you can not imagine anything else occupying this place . 
  that 's a fine saying , im going to have to steal that from you . 
  i do n't know , most renaissance and neo-classical architecture were heavily inspired on the ancient greco-roman styles , and the results are rather beautiful , las vegas aims for profit , an architect will aim for greatness : [ 1 ] ( http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/imagenes_vaticano/vatican18_02.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://europeantravelista.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/arc_triomphe.jpg ), 
  in this i actually quite admire how the us was created , a bi-cameral system with a lower and upper house .
