  do n't quote me on this , but if i recall , clinton 's greatest regret about his presidency was not having intervened in rwanda . 
  i think it is easier for us to talk , for that is all we can do . 
  but we must imagine the president and the knowledge of his own power , he knows about the crucifixions , the mass rape , the extermination of undesirables ; but worse still he knows that at this moment , he is the only man in the world who can stop it . 
  to act carries us into one hell of a shit storm , i agree with you ; but to not act , to know as the president many years hence , that you have the power to saves hundreds of thousands of lives , and that you hesitated , that you did not act , that is a burden which no man should ever be made to carry . 
  i can not fault him for not wanting a rwanda to haunt his life . 
   that does n't change anything though . 
  well yes , the situation is horrible and for every choice we make we make a mistake . 
  but honestly i believe inaction would have been the greater mistake . 
  we have been playing hamlet with isis and the longer we could postpone and meditate , does not change that fact that the bloody fifth act was bound to arrive . 
  i would love to , but the only one i ever found was in my university library , and i believe it is out of print right now and i ca n't remember for the life of me the translators name . 
  edit : just did some looking around and it appears penguin has released a new translation and the book is back in print !, 
  http://www.penguinclassics.co.uk/nf/book/bookdisplay/0,,9780141393131,00.html?memoirs_from_beyond_the_tomb_francois-rene_de_chateaubriand i really ca n't recommend this book highly enough . 
  he is genuinely the best thing in italian politics in a very long time . 
  he has the potential to be our kennedy . ^ i ^ really ^ hope ^ he ^ does ^ not ^ get ^ shot, 
  to be fair , that happened after japan was literally razed to the ground . 
  did you just suggest to a german that if you fail twice you ought to go for three ? 
  uhhh yea , democratic and all that , sure thing , great idea , but all things in , ahem , moderation . 
   classic : les m\u00e9moires d'outre-tombe ( memoirs from beyond the grave ) by chateaubriand . 
  there 's simply nothing better written than this book . 
  this is one of my favourite books , shame it is so hard to find a good translation in print . 
  it panders to our nostalgia for empire . 
  and i like it . 
  america would not have started bombing in syria without having made some surreptitious agreement with assad . 
  the american government and its generals have made huge mistakes before , but they are not idiots . 
  you can say what you want about assad but he is not conducting a systematic genocide on peoples he deems unworthy of life . 
  i expect george to become dominant soon . 
  it allows for higher corruption bids . 
  and he would have gotten away with it too , if it wer n't for those meddling russians . 
  a corrupt deal requires two people . 
  it will widen the levels of corruption . 
   when a government has decided to hire a private firm to do a job , then they can not favor domestic producers . 
  i think this is where we disagree . 
  i believe that for certain public sectors such as : health care , infrastructure , military equipment , public utilities , and social services ; it is imperative that governments favour domestic business . 
   if officials are given strict rules to abide by , any deviation from those rules should raise a red flag . 
  but that is not how it works . 
  red flags can easily be ignored . 
  i simply think that something as vital as national health care , should not be meddled with by the private sector in a first world country . 
  ofcourse private doctors and hospitals should exist for those who can afford them , but they should exist outside of the system of national health care . 
  in ireland the struggle is real . 
  and while the uk is doing better than france it is no where close to doing as well as germany . 
  also belgium is not exactly in an optimal situation . 
  lets be honest , corruption will occur . 
  on the bright side , that would make a good casus belli if we wanted to start colonising again . 
   it 's incredibly frustrating hearing this while merkel and her peers worry about ~ ~ provoking russia ~ ~ upsetting the markets by upgrading europes own militaries . 
  ask for big loans  use loans to build up military power  invade smaller nations and use their reserves to pay back loans . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  there is a little bit of dickens in every true born englishman . 
  thank you for righting that up . 
  the majority of northern europeans seem to just want to stick their heads in the sand , rather than look at the drastic and necessary reform which the eu needs . 
  but it seems like a le pen or farage win is the only thing that will get the eu to start acknowledging change ; naturally by then it will have been to late . 
  you are saying that as if cameron was n't merkkle 's bitch . 
  it would be economic suicide for london which is the economic powerhouse of the uk . 
   a mathematician an intelligent mathematician would be well cultured . 
  having a well rounded education is the signifier of intelligence , and always has been . 
  that the world does not know much about bulgaria , i suppose . 
  it 's spelt with two ks and a final zy at the end . 
  amateurs . 
   do n't your heads of political parties usually stand down if they lose an important election referendum ? 
  in italy the common custom is to hold on to the seat of government with deep claws , sacrificing every ounce of dignity like useless weights on air balloons , in order to remain amongst the high clouds of wealth and power ; so high that the little plebeians with their spleen and rage , and the tiny police and judicial systems with their dull charges of corruption and conspiracy with the mafia , or the so called moralists outraged that you fucked an underage whore and hosted one or two cocaine orgies , are but insignificant factors far beneath you , unable to touch your glory . 
  shame is for the weak . 
  * cue patriotic [ trumpets ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7pmy-u1awi ) *, 
  looks like the germans need more living space . 
   japan , after world war 2 , has retained an american presence . 
  so was germany , but you would not call it an american colony . 
  and china was strongly under western influence but it was never outright owned by a colonial power , such as was the case with india . 
   yeah sure the only country on par with western europe is japan ? 
  in terms of quality of life per person and wealth , i ca n't think of any other  brazil has a gdp per capita higher than poland i was obviously talking about western europe . 
  most of eastern europe is not yet part of the first world . 
   turkey was never colonized yet it 's not as rich as the west ? 
  turkey used to have an empire of it 's own , and lost it all at the end of ww1 . 
  by by then it can be said to have been in a 400 year long decline . 
   maybe it 's because we invented industrialization and it took other countries a while to catch up ? 
  i think you mean the industrial revolution , and we used the benefits of it to conquer most countries . 
   no it was evil europeans , you 're right . 
  why must the world be black or white to you ? 
  why is it that the only options you seem to present are either : we are the supreme race who brought civilisation to the world , or we are evil heartless conquerors . 
  there is a middle ground in-between those statements , if you care to look . 
   it would 've been far worse if we had n't intervened it could have been worse but i am not sure it would have been . 
   we colonised loads of countries and plenty of them turned out fine is it not interesting that the only eastern country that has on par living and wealth standards to western nations is japan ? 
  one of the few countries never colonised ? 
   the places that were colonized were crap before we even got to them do you really believe this ? 
   we ca n't be expected to accept millions of refugees because their country is in a bad state , it not only promotes brain drain but reduces the likelyhood of those places ever getting better i agree with this , but some sort of humane solution must be found , we ca n't stick our heads in the sand and cluck while the mediterranean turns into a mass grave . 
  that is a rather ones sided view . 
  also look at japan , look at china ; they were never colonised and yet seem to have done rather well , somehow managing to get technology and infrastructure , and never be enslaved . 
  all i am implying is that we participated . 
  if we did not have a clear idea of what to do after the bombings , we should never have bombed . 
  you can not fight half wars . 
  what advantage does the current libyan government have ? 
  they have no army , most men after the war deciding there was more profit in remaining loyal to their warlords than their government . 
  they have no structure of governance nor infrastructure . 
  they lack the respect of the peoples , and are often help in open contempt . 
  and there are a large segment which align themselves with the extremists and wish to behead them for not being ` true ' muslims , and having denounced issis . 
  i honestly do believe libya was better off with gaddafi . 
  at least under him , a man could lead a normal life and provide for his family and enjoy peace , so long as he kept hi head down . 
  under the warlords and the extremists , most families fear everyday for their lives , and have no hope of securing peace so that they may dedicate themselves to industry and proving some income for their loved ones . 
   actually , a protracted civil was in libya would 've destabilized the region , disrupted oil and has sales , and created more refugee problems . 
  as opposed to the current situation in libya ? 
  well at least the warlords have the decency to continue the oil sales . 
  can you honestly look at libya right now , and say that that is victory ?
