  that reply was so german . 
  beautiful . 
   eliminate the fine arts degree i know you are joking but war is one of the best catalysts for great art . 
  orson wells said it finely : * `` in italy , for thirty years under the borgias , they had warfare , terror , murder and bloodshed - they produced michelangelo , leonardo da vinci and the renaissance . 
  in switzerland , they had brotherly love and five hundred years of democracy and peace , and what did they produce ? 
  probably because the best summary of russian history is : `` and then it became worse . '', 
  we have a lot of old farmers . 
   reminds me of an incident we had where some worker at the malaysian embassy here in stocholm got arrested and jailed for beating their kids . 
  do n't embassy people have diplomatic immunity ? 
   gender and sexual ( orientation ) minority i can literally taste the potato salad . 
  there have go to be better names . 
   sometimes i feel like spain should go full robespiere on their ruling elite . 
  could we double the order , and add italy in there too ? 
  tl ; dr : in boarding school there are no women , you do what you go to do until you make it to the outside world . 
  do n't mention the war !, 
  not really , a lot of men who identify as straight and who are virtually solely interested in women , have had what may be called , experimentation , especially in their youth . 
  from the age of 9-18 i was in boarding school , and especially in the younger ages , it was quite common to do stuff that looking back on it now , would be considered homosexual behaviour . 
  but virtually all the guys from back then are straight and only interested in women . 
  sexuality is very nuanced and most guys , have at some point , especially if raised in all male environments , tested the waters . 
  civilisation is the mother . 
  freud would agree . 
   jail bird , drug addict ironically the same could have been said of oscar wilde . 
  in fact considering the number of great writers/thinkers who have been to jail and had substance problems , it does not seem like much of an insult . 
   eventually putin will be out of power and a more western friendly leader i am not so sure about the second half ; there are far worse leaders who might emerge when putin goes down . 
  i think it is rather interesting that of all the answers the vast majority are politicians from the early 20th century . 
   it 's antiquated and originally involved doing or plotting to do nasty things to the royals surely it extends to the crown which is an institution which represents the state . 
  fighting for an enemy of the state , would perhaps not be high treason , but i am not sure it would not even be classified as treason . 
   the standards have nothing to do with racism yet turkey 's human rights record and institutional corruption and abuse of power , is virtually identical to that of hungary , romania and bulgaria . 
  or perhaps that is just his genuine opinion on the situation . 
  i really dislike that simple cynicism where just because someone believes something different to you , he must have surreptitious and corrupt motives for saying it . 
  say what you will about chomsky but he has always spoken his mind , regardless of the opinion of his peers , the one thing he can not be faulted on is his integrity . 
  he has a different opinion is all , and while i do not agree with him fully , it would be disingenuous to say that most of europe is not rather racist , definitely more so than the usa . 
  they can with ukraine 's gold reserves . 
  as long as you keep conquering the military funds itself . 
  oh wait , shit ... 
  what is your interpretation of it ? 
   and because of that we have to assume innocent until proven guilty except it is impossible to prove guilt in such scenarios . 
  that is true , but how do we differentiate between the those who went to fight against assad and those we went to fight for jihad ? 
  how can we know which one cheered when they sawed of the american journalists head , the one who executed yzadis , and took women as spoils of war ; from those who went to fight with their syrian brothers for a free and democratic syria ? 
  i do n't think we can differentiate between them . 
  to be fair 30-40 % of the eu has a negative opinion of the eu . 
  the politicians who are to incompetent to be useful at home , and yet to knowledgeable to be completely gotten rid of , are sent to the eu . 
  they are the first rate of third rate politicians . 
  i think this depends on what standards of fluency they used . 
  most students around the world learn a second language , but the majority never become fluent in it . 
  but it 's for the greater good ; just like last time we did it in europe ... wait never mind . 
  going to fight for an army which has killed british civilians simply because they were british civilians , seems like the very definition of treason . 
   there 's no such thing as `` standard doctorine '' . 
  yes and no . 
  if you are protestant you are meant to form your own understanding and relationship with god and scripture . 
  a catholic however must obey the interpretation of the pope . 
   there 's no such thing as `` standard doctorine '' . 
  yes and no . 
  if you are protestant you are meant to form your own understanding and relationship with god and scripture . 
  a catholic however must obey the interpretation of the pope . 
  i think there is a bonnaparte out there looking for a throne as well . 
  are you willing to accept putin as your rightful lord and saviour ? 
  standard christian doctrine says that the nt supersedes the ot ; that is why christians can eat shellfish and not circumcise children . 
  probably because the brits have started an arms race with the irish over alcoholism . 
  the irish are simply retaliating . 
  i would try to explain but the portuguese are to uneducated to understand these civilised concepts . 
  do you really want to live in a world where you ca n't use hundreds of years of historical oppression to make a grown man cry for your amusement ? 
  i know i do n't . 
  freedom bitches . 
  hahaha , yea european thought patterns can still be a bit unintentionally racist . 
  `` what !, 
  brown people can not be racist , they are not of a superior race ! '', 
   just watch most threads regarding russians . 
  i think most of us here like the russian people , your government not so much , but we are fine with the people . 
  it 's hard to stay mad with the nation that produced pushkin and tolstoy ; but your governments , you guys could win a prize for worst series of successive governments from 1700-2014 . 
  that is the question , which lesson do we learn , that of ww1 or that of ww2 ? 
  or perhaps war will come when it comes , and we have no more dominion of it that we do over the change of seasons . 
  or we could just keep economic sanctions until either russia backs out of ukraine . 
  this is probably an idealistic view , but even if russia were to invade ukraine , i believe that we must avoid anything stronger than economic sanctions . 
  we have no obligation to save ukraine , but we must place nato troops in the baltics and poland ; so that russia knows the eu has drawn a line over its own nations . 
  but realistically without a eu army , the usa is the only real power which can fight russia . 
  yes , but there are many who have spent the last 3 months calling for our armies to be moved into ukraine . 
  has ww1 thought us that we should rush in to war at the first chance we get , especially when it is against a great power ? 
   that could easily be done through a matter of political will we have very different definitions of easy then . 
  economic might does not make political strength ; the eu has no sense of a collective foreign policy . 
  the eu barley has a fraction of the strength of america . 
   well hopefully ukraine flips to eu russia has clearly shown that it will go to war over it 's dominion of ukraine ; the only way ukraine can flip is a war between the eu and russia . 
   and yet there 's constant posts with people concerned about the question of whether we 'd do everything he can for the baltics , or would we wait until he makes a move against poland ? 
  of course we would intervene immediately , a russian invasion of one eu nation is a declaration of war on all eu nations . 
  the russian invasion of ukraine , was simply a russian invasion of ukraine . 
  they were but they clearly belong to the eu now . 
  with the collapse of the soviet union , russia lost almost all of eastern europe to western europe ; the only thing they were able to preserve was belorussia and ukraine . 
  i always forget that my winsome sardonic tone does not show itself on the internet . 
   he 's going to wait until winter hits and then target romania , poland , the baltics and the czech republic these are eu nations ; ukraine was not eu , not even nato . 
  putin knows this , ukraine has always been considered to belong to the russian sphere of influence . 
  is 40 % high for germany ? 
  renzi is at 55 % i believe , and he is the most well liked prime minister we have had in a very long time . 
  i was trying to be funny . 
  i will just go off into that corner of shame now . 
  french fishermen . 
  loud , uncouth and friendly . 
  like drunken hobbits . 
  banks , agriculture , chemists and scottish fisherman . 
  i can live with that . 
   i 'm open to debate on most things but if you 're insane enough to try and claim the british train system is the `` best '' in europe you 're either comparing it to a very small , rural town in the far east of belarus or you 're using a definition `` best '' that is unheard of .
