  we still have 1960 's style communists and de gaullian like right wingers , although they are the old guard and are starting to loose their hold on politics . 
  but we have new and young radical movements like the 5 star movement and the lega nord which have taken their place . 
  unfortunatly the table of discussion in italy is not between centre , centre-right , and centre-left ; it is between centre , centre-right , centre-left , jacobins , communists , fascists in all but name , the organised crime , the contrarians ( who much like reddit will oppose out of principle anything that is seen as majority approved of ) , the church , and whatever the flavour of the month is . 
  add to the fact that politicians will often switch sides based on whom the public is leaning in favour of , and parties are dissolved and reformed with the same regularity as the rain cycle ; and that in italy you can not vote for your representative , you can only vote for a party who will select a representative for you . 
  this is a rough picture and the strokes are broad and the colours are a bit off , but it is honest enough to show that in this landscape , political stability is simply not part of even the naivest idealist 's presumptions . 
   in italy , governments seem to be designed to be weak i would not say this . 
  i just think the italian character is naturally litigious and fickle , which will make any form of democratic government in italy unstable . 
   press conferences confirming that he intends to finish his term , then the question is in doubt . 
  whenever this happens in italy , 1-3 months latter , they resign leaving their mandate unfinished . 
  that makes sense . 
  i mean , clearly amongst a certain french elite the vichy regime was very popular . 
  we can find napoleon 's closest living descendant and go four a glorious round 3 . 
  canada acting as a hype man for america , who could have guessed . 
  but in all seriousness i admit / u/jaquestrap does seem far more informed on this topic than i. 
  and in true italian fashion , i surrender and switch sides . 
  well shit , this is a really detailed post ; i ca n't right now but will look it over and reply . 
  you seem very informed , so i do apologise for the harsh tone of before . 
   malta i think we have one or two of those around here . 
  i swear i have seen the flair before . 
  i did not see that one coming . 
  ^ is ^ this ^ how ^ to ^ start ^ a ^ pun ^ chain ? 
  the * ` pean empire * ; it is decided then !, 
  your entire post is composed of hindsight , speculation , and overestimation . 
  you make it all seem so simple and obvious , which shows a grave lack of historical context . 
  in 1939 the germans had the most powerful army in europe . 
  the french and british still remembered ww1 ; and they assumed that a strong push would be atrocious and could not be done unless there was a ready reserve of of men in the rear to support the vanguard and defend from a german counter attack . 
  i could also say that had poland spent more money and effort in creating a formidable fighting force they could have held out long enough for the british and french to prepare and launch an offensive . 
  so poland was stupid for not having done this . 
  but this would be speaking with hindsight and ignoring historical nuance and would make me seem very silly . 
  so how about we avoid armchair genius and think that maybe the generals of france and britain who had spent a lifetime practising the art of war and who had become men in the trenches of ww1 ; knew more about plausible successful strategies than some guy on the internet with a clear bias . 
   that entitled them to dispossess people of their land and curtail their political and social freedoms , outright annexing other countries ? 
  entitled , no . 
  it did give them enough justification that france , britain , and the usa would have to start a war with the soviets to take the east out of soviet hands . 
  no he would not ; the nuclear weapons america had at the time could not even come close to doing the damage the germans had done prior ; the soviets were willing to fight to the last man against the germans , dropping a nuke on them , would have started a war of genocide on both ends . 
  what where they meant to do ? 
  after five years of war against the germans , do you think they should have just carried on and declared war on the soviet union ? 
  the did not betray the east , the east just had the bad luck to be on the wrong end . 
  besides ( not poland ) but many baltic states and eastern states had supported the nazis ; this was the justification stalin used and it is hard to argue against , especially after 12 million soviet deaths . 
  and 12 million is not a pointless number . 
  true . 
  and the polish fought bravely . 
  but they could not seriously expect france and britain to come to their rescue immediately ; both nations needed time to finish rearmament and organise . 
  complaining that the french/british did not do enough is just presumptuous . 
  hear !, 
  hear !, 
  can we call it the the european empire ? 
  just to fuck with the rest of the world . 
  have we just figured out what to do with all the illegal immigrants ? 
  i think we have . 
  to be fair a nation which relies on other nations for its self defence ca n't complain much . 
  til, 
  not the louvre . 
  but spain is in the eu ; why would a spaniard have to worry about immigration rules with germany ? 
  then you have not been to italy . 
  i would say about 15-20 % of our university graduates are able to speak a somewhat tolerable english . 
  amongst those without higher education , i would say it is less than 5 % . 
   allegedly called poor people ` the toothless ' . 
  to be fair , if you compare to french history ; by contrast the modern poor are toothless and unwilling to fight . 
   i do n't doubt that they can make a lasagna sandwich work . 
  please do n't britain . 
  please , think of the children . 
  if they had the same level of advancement as scotland , then they too would have gotten short cuts . 
   all other new joiners have had to take on the entire acquis . 
  most other new joiners are poor eastern nations which require eu funding and have corrupt governments with little stability ; scotland is economically , politically , and structurally up to the standards of western europe . 
   what about an obligation to join schengen ? 
  or the euro ? 
  considering that they were part of britain i do n't think there would be any problem letting them in on the same conditions as before . 
  i honestly do n't think the main eu members would really put up much fuss or make scotland 's entry difficult . 
  the only one who might try to put up an obstacle would be the uk . 
  the french would do everything possible to help a smooth and quick transition back into the eu for the new independent scotland . 
  pretty sure the eu would give scotland automatic membership as soon as it sorted out it 's constitution . 
  weird , it 's almost like a nuanced and studied view of a topic , makes it difficult to turn into propaganda of evil vs good . 
   just sayin , ( maybe ) he was trying to make a point but the point was naive and uninformed . 
  and * l'assommoir * will shatter your soul . 
  wow i never realised how similar romanian is to latin before . 
  that is closer to latin than either french or italian . 
  he mean bonus as in extra not as in beneficial . 
  but it is important to consider how many lives were saved , the utter harshness of the russian reply ensured that no further terrorist attacks were carried out ; had they been softer , the terrorist might have tried more attacks . 
  it is entirely possible that in the long run the russians saved more lives . 
   the sufficient point to make here is a gradual evolutionary development of traits constitutive of morality , which does n't really allow for idiosyncratic cultural constructs to have a key role . 
  i may be misunderstanding what you are trying to say , so correct me , but this only makes sense if you ignore history . 
  from an evolutionary standpoint me and you are identical to an ancient roman or greek or indian . 
  yet in ancient greece slavery was not regarded as a moral fault . 
  in fact aristotle even made and argument that slavery is morally justified , and a slave society is making the just moral choice . 
   for a non-animal strain of argumentation here , you can take the intercultural results of the trolley , transplant and similar variants of ethical problems - you can get a significant level of consistency in the responses across cultures ( though apparently interesting differences have been uncovered over time ) -- when the fmri seem to suggest the differences in the switch vs fat man variants is in the emotional activation and regions related to response conflict getting highly activated in the fat man scenario , vs activity in the higher cognitive functions in the switch scenario . 
  again pointing to biologically fixed , emotive and patchwork nature of moral reasoning , rather than dependent on particular learned cultures . 
  here you lost me , mind offering this more precise way ? 
  the trolley problem is an example of an ethical paradox , so using it in a study to gouge ethical understanding seems pointless , as it is an idea with with to examine ethical systems . 
  for example if you take the kantian ethical system the answer is clear . 
  the fact that the majority of people do not devote themselves to the philosophical study of ethics , would mean that the participants would not approach the problem with their own refined ethical system but , would simply use the ethical hodge podge of ideas immersed into them passively by their society . 
  so i do n't understand the logic behind this experiment . 
   i think the more vocal name in making the argument that morality proper - just like in humans - is indeed observed in our closes primate cousins is frans de waal , so no surprise goodall would have a different take ( though idk if this is the case or not , i 'll take your word for it ) . 
  as you can see in the quotes provided ( here 's another one - http://www.ted.com/talks/frans_de_waal_do_animals_have_morals ) he sees no problem in calling these morality - so your claim that chimps have no sense of morality is - just as heavily debatable ( and counterexamples you give at first glance seem just as typical of human behavior as well -- having lived through a war and having been abandoned by my father , they even strike close to home ) this is a semantics debate . 
  morality is not fairness , it is a product of higher reason , and animals lack higher reason . 
  this is just about how one chooses to define morality . 
   your claim lions know of fairness seems highly dubious - check out the definition - this is about a distributive justice ; if you accept an unfair offer , both of you profit , if you reject it neither gets anything ; will you accept an unbalanced offer - humans and chimps seem not to beyond some minimal threshold , while the selfish thing , what you 'd do if you had no notion of fairness is to always accept the offer - this is the research pointing to the notion of fairness in chimps , can you link something similar re lions ? 
  once again i think this is a semantics debate as fairness is not morality . 
  fairness and cooperation are evolutionary and most mammals posses them as they increase the likelihood of survival . 
  fairness by definition is subject to circumstance , an ethical system by definition is not affected by circumstance . 
  you are talking about fairness ; i was talking about morality ; we are talking about different things .
