  fro erdogan i am getting the vibe , that his political model for the future and himself is aspirational to putinism instead of european democracy . 
  i have the sense that just as putin is trying to create a neo-tsardom , erdogan has this idea of a neo-sultan , and the majority in turkey wants this as well . 
  am i entirely mistaken , is there some truth to these opinions ? 
  i down voted you . 
  then i remembered that berlusconi was actualy real and not some weird peyote induced nightmare , and i gave you a tear stained up vote . 
  since when do colonels have a say in the grand scheme of things ? 
  yea , um ... there really is no tl ; dr for this ... 
   the plane would n't have been shot down had there been no war . 
  and isis would not exist had the usa not invaded iraq . 
  but saying the usa is responsible for the creation of isis is disingenuous . 
  my point was just that no one wanted those 300 civilians to die . 
  it was a fuck up , but it is war , fuck ups happen . 
  most blame should go to the carrier for flying over a war zone . 
  but that would be like blaming america for the deaths in gaza because they supplied wepons to isreal . 
  italy has two aircraft carriers and two submarines , does that not count as blue water ? 
  since when is ukraine in the eu ? 
  80 % of the immigrants which arrive in italy end up going to the uk , england and france so it kind of is a european issue . 
  the attack was an accident . 
  they did not want to shoot down a civilian plane . 
  an act of incompetence and stupidity ; yes , and act of malevolence ; no . 
  not really , to be honest it was a known war zone , the blame goes on the airliner for flying through there . 
  my point was that it was stupid of italy to participate in russia sanctions . 
  ukraine has little to do with us . 
  by no means do i approve of what russia is doing , and i empathise with the ukrainian people , but , italy is weak right now , it has neither the power nor the resources to participate in cold war 2.0 . 
  we should have remained neutral in all of this . 
  morality is for the rich and the strong . 
  italy should have kept to itself . 
  putin is not hitler , he will not invade poland . 
  but on the other hand most germans ( urban ones ) speak english . 
  most french do not . 
  i just saw on the italian news that italy has 1 billion worth of agricultural export trade per year with russia . 
  this is going to be a big blow to an already dead economy . 
  honestly i am starting to think that if the us wishes to sanction russia that is fine , but by following them like lapdogs we are only hurting ourselves over a conflict with ukraine , which to be honest , has nothing in the slightest to do with us . 
   on the other hand if eu was to stop buying russian gas in a heartbeat it would simply crush russian economy for years if not decades . 
  it would also crush the german and italian economies , and we are not to keen on making a suicide pact with russia , over ukraine . 
  if we were to be perfectly honest about how the economy functions , it would collapse the next day . 
  same in italy . 
  asides from the carabinieri , which are rather decent and honest in my experience , most officers are incompetent and solely owe their position to family connections or favours . 
  wow , imagine being the man who found that cup . 
  just wow . 
  the ak is one of the most reliable weapons ever made . 
  it can go through rain dust mud blood rust and every element ; and still work as if just manufactured . 
  the problem with a lot of the shiny new nato guns is that at the first spec of dust or drop of rain they break and jam and become liabilities . 
  soldiers need weapons they can trust . 
  war stopped being profitable by the turn of the 20th century . 
  yet we had two of the bloodiest wars in history afterwards . 
  war fought over ideology is far more dangerous than war fought over wealth . 
  what would be the prefect embodiment and logical conclusion of far left ideology then ? 
  that would be a wise move on uk politicians . 
  but the article does not mention the nature of the sanctions , until those are laid out , i will remain skeptical . 
  i think the eu is at a very perilous and decisive stage right now . 
  either it radically reforms , or it dies . 
  never , son . 
  but you can have tyrol back . 
  an army marches on it 's stomach . 
  london is doing far more to aid the russian army than france . 
  louisiana and new york were in a union . 
  but then there was a disagreement , and 500,000 soldiers died ; and then they were back into a union . 
  things are not as simple as in union/not in union . 
  separation of powers is a good thing in my opinion . 
  besides the carabinieri have the best looking uniforms in the world . 
  that is always a nice plus . 
  the german french bastard love child with bi-polar disorder . 
  glad to see greece is starting to make sound financial decisions . 
  i read in graves ' memoirs that on one occasion , it was late at night and the germans in the trench facing them must have been bored , so they began randomly firing their machine gun with strange pauses . 
  after a few moments the brits realised the germans were trying to play a schubert tune with the rhythms of machine gun fire ; naturally a brit officer who was fond of schubert took control of a british machine gun and began playing the song in unison with the germans . 
  on another occasion the germans fired over an empty mortar shell , with a note , into the british trench . 
  inside the note was a joke about how prince edward was a supposed homosexual . 
  the brits fired an empty mortar shell with a response , a joke about how the kaiser was a cross dressing enthusiast . 
  for two nights both trenches were firing jokes and notes at each other . 
  the week after there was a british offensive , and if i am not mistaken , graves ' battalion lost 1/2 of its men and 3/4 of its officers . 
  the germans likewise took heavy loses . 
  i think a high school diploma is equivalent to getting your a levels no ? 
  i mean you need good a levels to get into university like you need a high school diploma to get into university . 
  i was just about to say , move the capital to london and france makes an overnight exit . 
  did someone propose to destroy them ? 
  there 's no place here for radicals like you !, 
  why not rome 2.0 , better and improved . 
  so monarchy louis xiv style ? 
  dammit , i was plotted right next to hollande ... 
  same but italian . 
  good representatives do n't get votes . 
   being apart of the eu makes the uk more of a bitch since they control things that the us would never dream of controlling . 
  you mean like how america ordered you to join them in one of histories most idiotic and useless wars ? 
  at this point in history britain has 3 real choices . 
  join the eu and be part of a world power . 
  become a protectorate of america and hold some world power . 
  stay alone and become an internationally irrelevant nation . 
  pretty much , a generation thinking about cavalry charges and handsome uniforms and trumpets and glory and honour decided to have a war ; and then they met machine guns and trenches and bombs and the death of valour and bravery , and by then it was to late to turn back . 
  i think it was a french poet that said by 1916 there were no more brave men left in the trenches ; they had all died . 
  pretty sure that is why germany invaded belgium , they figured the belgians were not interested in dying for their country . 
  i think this is the main point which everyone seems to be overlooking . 
  millions of young european boys did not die for this or that and this ; they died unwillingly , because the armchair soldiers and generals back home and far from the trenches told them to go die for duty or face eternal shame . 
  i hear you , i am italian from an upper class background and i think military service for a year would have been rather beneficial to me and most of my friends . 
  half of whom do n't seem to have any aspirations in life aside from drinking , gambling and whoring through their family money . 
  the russian parliament , the german , italian , spanish parliaments ... canada , australia , new zealand ... it was not just by conquest . 
  and i counter that argument by saying that independent loyalty and freedom from absolutism are great british values . 
  lets be honest , britain exported the parliamentary system to the world . 
  this radical political differentiation from mainland europe began with the magna carta . 
  i can not think of more admirable british values than the liberty and freedom which it 's people enjoyed while the majority of europe was ruled by absolutists .
