  i have used french , italian , spanish and british trains ; and i do think the british rail is the best . 
  but i have never tried the german rail , so if not the best then definitely amongst the best . 
  i know right , why would you bring up that ancient stuff when you can bring up waterloo or trafalgar instead . 
   then maybe france should act like an adult and get its shit together . 
  i saw an advertisement on the internet the other day saying `` you wo n't believe how this superpower resolved all of its social , political and economic problems in ten easy steps . '', 
  also delivering gas/oil by ship is ridiculously more expensive than delivering it by pipeline . 
   sanction his gas and oil market that is a suicide pact , especially for germany . 
  at this point putin is no threat to a eu member , which is the only thing that counts realistically . 
  the best we can do is hope the ukrainian people remain brave and force putin to some sort of settlement over the ukraine crisis . 
   there are still enough who think its works there is not a significant economist anymore who says that austerity can work . 
  the people of france and italy do n't think it works . 
  furthermore no one can force us to do something we think is against our own interests . 
   the austerity train was started by germany and france and no other major european country did step up against them and now all are complaining ... because at the time people thought it could work , it clear is not working , so we must change , anything else is just stubbornness . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but does n't merkkle have high popular support at home ? 
  the vast majority of german exports are within the eu so currency deflation does not harm them . 
  unlike france and italy which have world renown agricultural produce exported throughout the world , and for which a too strong euro drastically hurts . 
  the right of france , italy , spain , and greece are all anti-austerity . 
  fuck berlin . 
  honestly austerity is antithetical to growth at a time of severe economic mistrust . 
  furthermore the euro is now in deflation which further hurst economies such as france and italy ; the current economic policies of austerity and deflation have failed , if germany is unwilling to admit its mistake on this then it will naturally render the other nations of the eu hostile and mistrustful of their intentions . 
  the fact that germany broke the 3.0 % percent rule twice before , steals away any moral high ground which could be claimed in the argument . 
   it saves lives . 
  let them eat cake, 
  that was sarcasm on my part concerning brussels . 
   that does n't seem compatible with the uk 's continued membership . 
  how come ? 
  if we really get european federalisation going , the centre of global power will be the great and glorious brussels . 
  ireland is hardly an economic superpower , but it is a first world country . 
   that 's rich coming from a country the eu had to bail out because it ca n't manage it 's own finances which happened because the american government could not control its own banks which created a global economic collapse . 
  you did not say which countries are more apt . 
  when talking about solely the eurozone , italy is the third greatest economy ; i think it would be rather unintuitive to not have them in and have weaker economies instead . 
  while we are not exactly renown for our budgeting , italy has the fourth largest economy in the eu after ( germany , uk , and france ) ; and it part of the g7 ; so i am not sure which countries would fit the list better ? 
   that 's a bit of a 19th-century idea . 
  it was pretty prominent in the 20th as well . 
   i 'm not saying you see the president everyday , but just the idea that its possible you could run into them . 
  if you live in rome , it is quite normal to meet politicians about or see them . 
   to meeting , say , a german for the first time . 
  always mention hitler ; other cultures like it when you know their history . 
   y-shirt i believe in english a * chemise * is called simply a shirt . 
  that 's an insult to gay farmers everywhere . 
  i do n't want to sound hostile , so do you have any source in that , i have been lead to believe the opposite so if you have a source i would much appreciate it as it would make me sound less stupid on future occasions . 
  it would damage the stock market reducing the capital of multinationals , defying shareholder expectations and necessitating a cut in costs . 
   finance and insurance make up about 10 % of the us economy what percentage of the us economy is created by corporations which are publicly traded . 
  that is the real question . 
  yes but denmark does not use the euro as well , the euro debate is completely different to the eu debate . 
  if you leave the eu you wont be given a free trade agreement . 
  free trade and single market does not work without some manner of regulation . 
  the uk to be part of the single market must abide by the regulation , and if the uk leaves the eu it looses all influence on determining the regulation , so to leave and yet stay part of the single market would mean to be forced to abide by the same regulations , but now having no say in determining them . 
  this would make no sense , norway does it , but they are a small nation , and they are content to abide by eu rules while having no say n their making . 
  i doubt the uk would feel the same . 
  also norway still has to pay eu fees , even if it is not part of the eu , because it is part of the single market . 
  the truth of the matter is if you leave the eu you leave the single market . 
   the dollar 's supremacy forces the us government to take on huge amounts of debt this is not a bad thing , debt is often good ; unsustainable debt is what is bad . 
   everyone around the world seems to think the dollar 's position is somehow a profoundly good thing for the us and the us government is actively trying to maintain it this theory does n't make sense when the us government has done everything possible to maintain the us dollar as the international standard . 
  it strengthened the dollar , and it gives a confidence boost to markets . 
   how does it harm the us ? 
  having the dollar as a reserve currency costs the us a lot of money each year ... it also strengthens us markets by an ineffable amount . 
  wall street is the pumping heart of the american economy , anything which diminishes it , hurts the usa . 
  this move creates a sense of insecurity , which irrespective of weather it is true or not , does damage to the market . 
   but i would want it to be a proper argument , proper debate , give real time for both yes and no to debate , get the facts . 
  so just like the scottish referendum then ? 
   it would be better for everyone . 
  it would greatly damage the uk economy . 
  i would not wish harm on the economy of any european nation . 
  my knowledge of economics is on an amateur level , but this does far more harm to the usa than it does benefit the eu . 
  maybe you ought to remove robespierre from the list of examples of rational competency ? 
  throw sugar and lard at it , it will take it and go away . 
   their whole constitution was written by people came from the british political tradition to be quite a few of the men who wrote the usa constitution were under a greater french influence rather than british . 
  i am sure an american can correct me but thomas jefferson and benjamin franklin 's ideologies were based on french philosophical thought , more than english . 
  i even believe it was the latter who said : `` everyman has a second home in the world ; paris . '', 
  the uk and france have the same population size , the same military spending and capabilities , they teach about the same wars in their schools , they are both two nations ruled by essentially one city which holds all political , economic and cultural clout , and now both of you are experimenting with demagogic nationalism ; you two are so similar , you should be in a union or something like that . 
   and how does that help privacy ? 
  nearly nobody reads the messages in the popups . 
  well , the smart ones do . 
  exactly , it would literally cripple the british economy . 
  markets hate , and i repeat hate uncertainty and will avoid it like the plague , if the uk does a euro exit their stock market is going to dive to hades , and lets be honest , the city is far to influential and far to important for the economy to let it be mutilated for what is for all intents and purposes a momentary nationalist circlejerk which the french with le pen was to do as well . 
  also many multinationals , would immediately relocate to germany or ireland , and that will leave a huge pecuniary hole . 
  no politician is actually going to do it or willing to do it . 
   28 head of states ? 
  is that really strange ? 
  i mean in the uk 500 mps had to vote just a day or two ago to decide weather or not to bomb again in iraq . 
  i mean if 500 can do it , 28 can . 
  let 's get our top men on this and make it happen . 
  the ancient romans would be proud . 
  haha do n't worry about offending , besides do n't you know we were with the allies all along , we just gained hitler 's trust and sabotaged your war effort with our incompetence . 
  it was our cunning plan all along !, 
   they are working together since ww2 , why should they stop ? 
  they have not worked together on a war yet . 
  what about france , germany , spain , italy ? 
  i mean i am sure he took them into account . 
  actually i used to think like most people nowadays the the war being germany 's fault was just british/french propaganda , but there was an excellent post on / r/askhistorians a week or two ago which brilliantly outlined how germany actually did deserve the greatest share of the blame for the war , and how they were the greatest perpetrator of war crimes on civilians during the great war in europe . 
  here it is if your are [ interested ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2adute/if_serbia_started_the_ball_rolling_on_the_events/ ) i really do recommend giving it a read . 
  do it , jump in , chateubraind is one of the products of history which i admire more than any living man . 
   plus they are going to demand puplic insight in the documents of the trade deals before ( ! ), 
  signing it . 
  one would hope that governments would be held to a higher intellectual standard than an 18 year old signing his first contract . 
   they would fail , the populous would become disillusioned seeing their aspirations fall to pieces in from of their eyes at the hands of those they trusted . 
  i agree with this . 
  but the implications of allowing isis to march that far are clear ; they have not been shy in their intent to slaughter the kurds , the yazidis , the christians , the shi'ites , and the moderate muslims . 
  every village they take , we can not feign ignorance or naivety , we know what is being done .
