  the lower house representing the general population , so every lot of say 1 million people sends one representative , so in eu terms the uk would send 60 , germany 80 and greece 11 . 
  and the upper house which grantees equal representation to each state , to serve as a check on a possible tyranny of the majority of the population upon a minority of states , so in the case of the eu , each of the 28 member nations would send the equal amount of representatives . 
  did we kill off all the decent architects in europe at some point ? 
  i mean seriously ca n't anyone make something like [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/paris_gare_du_nord_exterior.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://www.europeinamotorhome.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/monza-and-milan-27-800x591.jpg ) anymore . 
  instead we get : flimsy artificial naked too lazy to to rub a prick two pieces of steel and some glass so it looks like the future to some illiterate aquatic beast who has recently discovered that smoking marijuana and spinning around real fast can be interesting fuck you and your lacoon i have a messy bed and a thong on the floor all art was made equal hipster heads which act as repellant to mosquito souls and originality . 
  edit : thanks for the gold !, 
   pay makes you gay . 
  just give it a bit , the slogan will catch on in the new empire of tsar vladimir the first . 
  st. anne 's college, 
  maybe it is just my perspective , but the fact that a man risks going into bankruptcy because of a disease is just not the mark of a civilised nation . 
  especially when that same nation can afford a trillion dollar military . 
  yes because in this world there are only two options , american style unrestricted capitalism or north korean slavery . 
  the fact that the ttip will allow us business to circulate european standards and regulations of various products . 
   uk , germany , france , italy , spain and poland ... one of these is not like the others . 
   i 'm talking about from america 's point of view , since it has to view these things in a global scale . 
  for them , a complete withdrawal from europe would leave us wide open to the sort of conflict that we believe is impossible but they have to plan for . 
  that is not quite true , the combined might of the uk and french military , is enough to defeat virtually any threat we might face . 
  i agree , the eu should not be dependant on the us for defence ; it punishes both us and you . 
  we become a peoples living in a bubble , soft and detached from the realities of the world , and the us citizens have to loose their tax money on a titanic military , which can deploy the world over and yet they average american still has the health care access of a third world nation as a consequence . 
   he 's in a vicious environment , he would have never made it to where he is if he were really an idiot . 
  a man can be a great schemer and rank climber while also lacking all the natural talents of leadership and governance . 
  plato was working with the assumption of a philosopher-dictator . 
  the fact that in 2500 years of european history , i can only think of 3 men who would qualify , viz , augustus , aurelius and napoleon , amongst the thousands of dictators europe has seen , would imply that the chances of finding a philospher-dictor as opposed to a tyrant or an idiot or both , are rather slim ; one can not found a system of government upon the same principles that govern a lottery victory . 
  just using it as an easy point of reference for the sake of juxtaposition . 
  eurosceptisism is justified as there are many legitimate arguments against systems in the eu , however arguing for a blanket exit from the eu instead of working within the eu to fix issues , is purely an argument born of irrationality which appeals to uneducated working class voters , who want , no need , a boogyman on whom they can place all their blame , and there are many politicians willing to exploit that irrationality . 
  i am willing to bet though , that the party of the swedish centre-right , would be to the left of the centre-left party in the usa . 
  the centre right may be strong in scandinavia , but their centre is far more to the left . 
  those damn scandinavians and their progressive utopia , making the rest of us look bad . 
   that 's contradicting as fuck you are 17 , but as you grow older , you will notice that the only consistent patter in human nature is that we are ` contradicting as fuck . ', 
  in many cultures in the world , and even in portions of western europe , you are not gay if you are the penetrator . 
  makes no sense , but fuck it . 
  is n't munich the richest city in germany ? 
  i swear i think that prior to that interview he was sure that ireland was still part of the uk . 
  he was one step away from saying , `` but if you guys use the euro , where do you put the picture of the queen ? '', 
   this was an amendment to the us constitution , not in the original . 
  the first 10 amendments are considered part of the founding constitution . 
  you are arguing pure semantics with me instead of the actual substance of my argument , either you have no intelligible response to it or you are saving it for christmas . 
   why can founding principles not be renegotiated ? 
  because no one except the uk has a problem with free movement . 
  and also free movement is just as integral a principle of the eu as the commitment to democracy . 
  the us has made changes to their constitution , but certain principles essential to their founding such as the freedom of speech have remained untouched . 
  free movement of labour and capital is one such untouchable founding principle . 
   i 'd prefer the uk to still have access to european markets , but not at any price . 
  if the price is things like london having to be subject to burdensome eu regulation ( bankers bonuses , financial transactions tax etc ) i 'd say no thanks . 
  i have never heard of any of this proposed , it would hurt frankfurt and paris just as much as it would hurt london . 
  the debate is over free movement in the eu , and as that is one of the founding principles , there can be no negotiation over it . 
  also i work in advertising , i make a good salary , but living in london all of it goes to rent pretty much . 
  yea i made a mistake in reading . 
  i should have noticed earlier , obviously italy lost half a million jobs in the last two years . 
   look again at the italian figures . 
  look and weep . 
  ahh my mistake , we lost 500,000 jobs . 
   however , looking at the uk 's jobs data it seems that there are more people working in the uk than ever before in uk history . 
  it also shows that they are mostly not part-time . 
  there is a question about wages , you are right about that . 
  but i expect wages will be going up over the next 12 months , in time for the election . 
  there are now labour shortages in some areas . 
  i graduated from oxford personally last year , and when looking for a job i saw plenty of articles that the average graduate income had dropped by 11 % in the last 5 years . 
  this would seem to imply that most growth is in low wage , working class jobs , instead of the middle class , which by all accounts is stagnating . 
  but yes the uk is recovering very well , but the question is if they left the eu how many of those created jobs would be lost ? 
  several banks amongst which hsbc have already announced that if the uk were to leave the eu they would move their hq from london to either dublin or frankfurt . 
  i meant on a more macro level , the implications are the same , a short term major economic loss for the potential of a long term economic gain . 
   the eu as a whole seems to have created 651k jobs over the last two years . 
  are we reading the same data ? 
  that chart says that just italy and germany alone have created 1 million jobs , so while the uk is the greatest creator it is nowhere near creating more jobs than the eu put together . 
  besides those figures do not take into account how many of the jobs created were ones which had been previously lost , and weather those jobs are part time minimum wage jobs or jobs on which a middle class can be re-created . 
   the uk has created more jobs in the last two years than the rest of the eu put together you have a source on that ? 
  the talking points and arguments for uk/eu are literally the same as those of scotland/eu . 
  if the uk exit the eu scotland will have to be given another independence referendum . 
  they are not white enough . 
  as opposed to the uk which shall surely put the needs of its former colonies ahead of its own interests . 
  i shit you not , i have heard people say things along similar lines . 
   for millennia we believed anyone that was not a white male was by default inferior to the white male . 
  yea but if he was a white jew then fuck him , or if he was a white protestant that heretic would burn in hell , or a white catholic was a slave to the church not worthy of liberty . 
  but he is white , a man , and the same religion as you , is he a noble ? 
  no , then his life aint worth shit !, 
  what he is a noble , but he is french/dutch/italian / german/spanish/english ohh then kill the bastard and his tyrant king . 
  what 's that he lives in a republic , well draw quarter and hang him . 
  oh and who can forget , what do you mean he has no interest in women , he does what ?!?!, 
  with other men !?!?!, 
  jail and hang the damn sodomite . 
  this so much . 
  `` i ca n't throw bananas at black football players ?!? 
  omfg pc tyrany , fascists !, 
  where is my freedom , you are going to ruin this country !!! '', 
  or `` what do you mean i ca n't say all romanian men are thieves and all romanian women are whores !?!? 
  this pc tyranny is trying to distort the truth , you cant suppress the truth !!!, 
  facts are facts fuck you pc culture ! '', 
  you guys can come round my place for wine ; what work tomorrow ? 
  it 's ok we just call in sick , i do it all the time . 
  pretty sure russia has no interest in applying violence to the eu . 
  also war is simply the continuation of politics by other means , if you do not have a clear political goal , strategy and long term plan , war is just an instinct of stupidity . 
  i hear people saying lets fight russia , yet not one person proposed a coherent plan for goals , outcomes , and strategies . 
  also one thing i dislike about us politics is that they are all multi millionaires . 
  i mean sure in europe we have berlusconis and camerons and sarkozys but we also have hosts of politicians who are suited to representing the middle classes as well . 
  i do n't think it is far-right so much a far . 
  people feel like center right and centre left parties failed them and do n't care about the citizenry , so they naturally move to the far left or far right . 
  an incompetent , corrupt and hypocritical centre is the greatest cause of extremism . 
  yea but on the rai they have all those pro eu advertisements playing nowadays . 
  same in italy actually , the rai ( state owned ) channels tend to be either neutral or pro eu , while the private channels show more anti eu sentiment .
