   but the ridiculous historical revisionism and strong rhetoric that ca n't be backed up by facts , only more rhetoric . 
  sad of course you would think that , you have been indoctrinated by homo-fascist-american-imperial-jewish-athiest propaganda all your life . 
  there is a lot of eu and euro hate in italy right now . 
  i think we would be just as much at risk as france or the uk with our extremists parties , were it not for renzi . 
  and diplomacy was founded on french . 
  ohh i thought it was just banter . 
  some of us would rather the uk stays in the eu . 
  but hungary needs to know that fascism ^ tm has no place in the eu . 
  an irishman in germany would make one hell of a sitcom . 
  the germans are very good at making beautiful cars and uniforms . 
  rip you brave soul . 
  fair point , i just realised that it is best to avoid statistics coming out of russia right now . 
  you are right , the numbers coming out of russia are not exactly reliable , and i did n't mean to paint you guys as a bunch of crazy warmongers , but i believe that had you been a direct democracy you would have started a major war , and i believe that of america as well and virtually every other nation . 
  emotions of the people are so easily played with just look at america post 9/11 , or what rt is doing with the ukraine crisis ; the individual is intelligent , the mass is stupid , there is to much danger in direct democracy is all i was trying to say . 
  not exactly sure who is down voting you or why , just wanted to let you know it is not me . 
  i will check her out . 
  the demagogic element is quite similar . 
  why is germany suffering so much ? 
  could it be because of the horrible and inept rule of a militaristic society and prussian aristocracy ? 
  no it must be an international plot of jews , democracy and bolshevism . 
  why are many nations in the eu suffering so much ? 
  could it be years of endemic corruption , governmental and entrepreneurial ineptness , short sightedness and greed , the apathy of voters , and a refusal to prepare for the effects of globalisation ? 
  no it must be a plot of unelected technocrats in the eu and german bankers wanting to create the fourth reich through economic domination . 
  ( the last bit about the fourth reich was recently said by a politician in italy ), 
   i 'm surprised you put ireland in the same category as italy , spain and greece . 
  ireland 's problems were very different from those of the mediterranean . 
  i put ireland in there because they have similar problems of endemic corruption and crippling bureaucracies . 
   while i agree that italy 's problems were not caused by the eu , they were an inevitable consequence of the euro . 
  at the time the euro was formed , it was known that italy would not be able to keep up with germany . 
  outside the euro , italy would have more economic and monetary options available to it . 
  at the time italy joined the euro , it became certain that italy would have an economic disaster . 
  my argument is that italy 's economic woes do not really have to do with being able to control their fiscal policy . 
  we have roughly 50 % youth unemployment , every business is shutting down , selling , or moving . 
  wages are stagnating or even declining , which in turn coupled with high unemployment means limited demand and a further failure of businesses . 
  what italy desperately needs is investment . 
  fiscal policy does not create investment . 
  a civil law suit in italy takes on average 2 and a half years . 
  in the uk it takes 3 months and 4 in france on average . 
  a permit for a business license takes on average 1 year and a half , in germany it takes 3 weeks . 
  the state agencies are notoriously corrupt and unless you have ` friends ' it is impossible to do business . 
  we are not a meritocratic society we will operate on patron/client relations as the romans of ovid 's times . 
  last but not least we have the highest taxes in all of the eu to hire employees . 
  the truth is only an idiot would invest in italy with our current social-political-economic system . 
  fiscal policy is a minor concern , but the politicians want to blame the eu because doing something to actually change the system is either against their personal interests , or too much hard work . 
  also , we have a large mass which can easily be convinced to vote against their own interests , it 's sad but i suppose part and parcel of democracy . 
   big business in the uk is much more pro-eu than small business . 
  ( go figure - i work in big business myself and obviously we love all the regulation that comes from the eu that stops our competition being able to compete with us ) . 
  could it not be that small businesses rely solely on a local customer base and thus are indifferent to the eu , while large businesses conduct commerce with nations in the eu and thus stand to loose a lot from an eu exit . 
   economists are actually very divided on the question . 
  economists have plenty of criticks against the eu , as do i , but advocating for a major nation such as france or italy or the uk , to leave the eu is not something i have heard any economist come close to advocating . 
  there is not need to throw the baby out with the bathwater . 
   there wo n't be major economic damage when we leave the eu . 
  i do n't think it will be that easy . 
  it 's no coincidence that virtually all big business and banks and economists in the uk are strongly pro eu . 
  they clearly have figured out that leaving the eu will do damage . 
   your job in london will be fine and you can stay living here . 
  from a personal level i am not that concerned , i went to boarding school and university in the uk , so i doubt i would have any problems if paperwork was needed in the future . 
   there has already been major economic damage to italy there are many in my country who try to blame the current state of crisis on the eu . 
  i assure you we have ours hordes of farage 's and le pen 's . 
  but i like to consider myself somewhat well informed , and that narrative is nothing but an ugly lie . 
  the problems italy faces , as spain or greece or ireland , are not because of the eu ; 40 years of corruption , indifference , stagnation , protectionism , and stupidity all swept under the rug , repackaged and branded and passed down along the line . 
  the meltdown of 2008 blew wide open pandora 's box and now the same people who ran the county to the ground and sold it portion by portion for personal profit are laying the blame on the eu . 
  the jews are as responsible for the betrayal of germany and the treaty of versailles , as the eu is as responsible for the current economic failure of spain or italy or greece . 
   i feel like one of my italian colleagues who , when discussing what the us government should do to reform the health care system , said something to the effect of `` i do n't see what the big deal is . 
  just build some hospitals , hire some doctors , give people some health care . '', 
  haha pretty much , the roma problem is beyond difficult . 
  they have no desire to integrate and so there is not much that can really be done , on the other hand you have some people screaming heil !, 
  and wanting to deport all of them/throw them all in jail/kill them all . 
  so pretty much these guys have no desire to integrate , the left wants to just pretend that they do want to integrate and carry on , the right wants to get rid of them by any means ; and there is no middle ground solution . 
  i think it 's a bit more complicated than that , italy spent 2-3 years in a state of de facto civil war . 
  putin literally has an approval rating in the high 80 % mark . 
  the eu will not give a free trade agreement without freedom of movement . 
  do you hear that ? 
  it 's a low , almost soft noise in the far distance , and yet it thickens the air , and lingers ominously . 
  a french angel just gouged out his eyes . 
  so eastern europe is our deep south ? 
  also , what the fuck wallonia ? 
  scotland and pieces of northern england makes sense because they have diets almost as bad as the americans , but wallonia what the fuck ? 
   he is trying to get out of eu is n't he ? 
  not from what i understand . 
  he is in an awkward position , on one hand all the major tory supporters such as business and banks want to stay in the eu , but on the other hand cameron is trying to win some of that sweet sweet ukip electorate . 
  so he is trying to give the illusion to the plebs that he is for a exit , while quietly reassuring that banks and business that he will ensure the uk stays in the eu and that this is just a charade to increase the tory portion of the electorate . 
  there are 3 realistic outcomes : 1 ) success , cameron plays though with the eu , wins ukip electorate , hold referendum , campaigns pro eu , hopefully it is smoother than the scotish referndum , britain chooses to stay in the eu and win win win for the tories . 
  2 ) failure , banks and business get too scared , and switch all their support to labour helping them win the general elections . 
  3 ) giant failure , ukip electorate does not trust cameron still votes ukip , banks and business do n't trust cameron switch support to labour . 
  labour wins elections , ukip places second and the torries end up a farcical third . 
  tl ; dr it 's a bold move cotton , lets see if it pays off . 
  source : i live in london been keeping up with politics and having lots of good debates . 
   nearly every thread in / r/europe that pertains to the uk is usually littered with people wanting the uk to leave . 
  yea but everyone on reddit is an asshole . 
  most people in rl want to the uk as part of the eu . 
   he 's not saying let 's let germans in and keep bulgarians out . 
  yea but lets be honest , the people who are voting ukip do n't have a problem with italian or german or french immigrants , they have a problem with eastern immigration . 
  he can phrase it whatever way he liked but he is appealing to the demands of that audience . 
   the people of the uk need to understand that the only way you can limit eu immigration is by leaving the eu . 
  wait so to prevent minor economic damage the solution is to cause major economic damage ? 
  yea but in our defence we immediately regretted our decision and switched sides . ^ when ^ it ^ was ^ certain ^ the ^ nazis ^ were ^ going ^ to ^ loose, 
   just arrest the people who break the law on the bus . 
  we do n't have enough policemen . 
  lets be honest if russia was a direct democracy you would have already voted for ww3 by now .
