  he picked the church for his ... `` donations '' , he decided that they would be the lesser of all evils . 
  have n't been in russia since ' 99 , so i do n't know what changed , and live in one of the least corrupt countries in the world , so i 'm really spoiled :p, 
  when you start measuring your inflation by the cost of bribes you might want to , i do n't know , reflect on that and fix it or something ? 
  should is a big word . 
  i like that they 're gone , is all i 'm saying . 
  that is completely separate from the fact that yes , you are all entitled to my opinion , 
  yeah , probably . 
  but it 's a really heated debate with many sides to it , some of them rational , most of them emotional , and some of them really fucking stupid , that i want no part of . 
  having them all in one sub or one megathread is really nice , * for me * . 
  just stating my opinion . 
  personally , i 'm totally cool with it . 
  immigration is not an issue * for me * , but i do seriously get upset from wilders-voters . 
  i wish the discussion would just stay in / r/europeans and leave this sub alone . 
  it 's like a circlejerk , but without the jerk . 
  indeed . 
  oversatured . 
  [ buildings are all new , so google earth is a bit behind ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/westerdok,+1013+amsterdam/@52.3850842,4.8920051,421m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x47c609cb78dfbf2d:0xae722b579f9a15b9 ) , but it 's still not like in that picture ... 
  oh wow , apparently i forgot where it was ( shame on me ! ), 
  look at `` if we had money we 'd keep it here '' , there 's a line towards both luxembourg and switzerland , right about where liechtenstein would be . 
  could also refer to switzerland itself . 
  maybe i just imagined it :p, 
  also , they have an opinion on andorra and liechtenstein , but skipped monaco . 
  netherlands is probably in . 
  flanders and brussels might be , too , we donate wallonia to france , and luxembourg will only join if they can remain a ridiculous tax-paradise . 
  well , if / r/europeans was killed in a resort in tunisia , that 'd be a good thing . 
  the point was the newsworthyness , based on the amount of impact . 
  your subjective impact is irrelevant ( `` oh no , * european * people died , innit '' ) , objective numbers of dead people * are * relevant . 
  if you like objective measurements , shall we count the amount of greek suicides that are above the eu-normal versus the people killed in tunisia to decide which matter is worse ? 
  your french needs brushing up . 
  yep , totally . 
   thanks for the info , though !, 
  sisak ( # 19 ) is totally an ayleid ruin . 
  oh , and remember when someone made cartoons about him being a nazi ? 
  to be fair , he was n't going to bomb them , but he certainly was n't about `` free speech '' , then ( i remember that after he tried legal sanctions and failed , he banned the paper that ran the cartoons from having interviews with him ever again ) . 
  afaik , it 's a clausule meant to stop people from deifying the person , and worship him instead of god ( as happened with jesus ) , basically to stop the golden-calf thing from happening and keep religion `` pure '' , not about worshipping humans . 
  christianity solved it by declaring jesus as a part of god . 
  every time one of them tried to mingle in a war with us , they lost . 
  `` germany '' was still the same region of states before it was a ~ ~ united states of germany ~ ~ country . 
  if you put it this way , germany has a * really * long history of losing wars ... 
  ah , that explains ... oh wait that explains nothing . 
  almost every population has been mass-murdered at some point in history . 
  click on the graph in op . 
  15 % is not a lot . 
  hahaha :d well , at least it 's grammar and not spelling , 
  ah yes , i conveniently forgot about that one . 
  although `` qualm a rebellion and retake our land '' is no longer the pc thing to say , that was what it was at the time . 
  yeah , it 's also the oldest anthem in the world . 
  some lines may or may not still be appropriate :d, 
  people who do military service in nl are usually not quite right in the head . 
  they 're * . 
  hey , and i 'd kick out people based on their spelling , interpunction , and aggressive tendencies , but we ca n't get always get what we want , eh ? 
   i did my thing for my country . 
  sorry , `` your country '' does n't give a shit . 
  if you want veteran worship , go to the us . 
  it 's commonly known that if you do military service in nl , you 're not quite right in the head . 
  wwii was not a real war ( fought-with-an-army ) for us . 
  we had like three ww-i surplus tanks and were overrun in two days , then it was over . 
  `` last time '' would be wwii , the mercenaries-stuff would be against spain , where we ( anecdotally ) sold their own cannonballs back to spain after they shot them towards us , and then hired mercenaries with the money that made :p, 
  but i do love it , i love especially the anarchistic non-patriotic parts of it . 
  if you 're really that patriotic , you 're in the minority . 
  so maybe it 's * you * that should leave , since most of the country disagrees with you :d i hear they love patriots in morocco . 
  you 've at least got a few bumps !, 
  historians will do that to you . 
  while de ruyter 's exploits where he completely demolished the english navy while it was still in port in london is milked for all it 's worth in history lessons in the netherlands , that same factoid is less than a footnote in the uk history books , or so i 've heard . 
  or they learned from their mistakes , it did n't really work out too well for all parties involved the last time they did . 
  just like last time ? 
  even in our real wars we often hired mercenaries to do the real fighting for us . 
  netherlands , fuck no !, 
  proud to be almost at the bottom , 
  yay , found someone who read the article ( unlike the rest of this thread ) . 
  he did mean it as a joke , he said so himself , and merely commented on his personal experiences in the lab , where feelings got in the way of pure science , which , to him , was a shame . 
   if you have any politician ~ ~ named `` michel '' ~ ~ , he 'll be the one to betray his word . 
  amsterdam , same thing . 
  come to think of it , i really ca n't think of any disgusting belgian food . 
  i would 've guessed haggis for scotland . 
  psh , done it before . 
  that does explain our language , come to think of it ... 
  except that they are n't for `` cheaper access to the course and accomodations '' , that was your assumption . 
  well , if it 's still * ten times * , there should n't be a problem getting all those profiting entrepreneurs to pool that money themselves . 
  really , it 's a bs number . 
  if that were true , they would n't need the subsidy , now would they ? 
  they obviously blew up their last one . 
  i did not downvote you , nor do i like the people over there . 
  i do n't generally like roma 's culture , either ( speaking in generalisations ) , but that still does n't make me anti-immigration . 
  we take the good with the bad . 
  caring about your property value over the well-being of other people is pretty much the definition of egoism ... 
  there 's a separate subreddit , / r/europeans , if you dislike that people might be disagreeing with you . 
  no , the causes of anti-immigration sentiments are xenophobia , ignorance , egoism and plain stupidity . 
  maybe malice , but that 's probably a small percentage . 
  people who downvoted you just misread your comment  i do disagree , though . 
  what is `` conservative '' here means something different than `` conservative '' there . 
  our conservatives are pro-gay-marriage . 
  so they can change , but they 're the slowest-changing group ( which is kind of inherent to the definition of `` conservative '' ) , so give them some time , but eventually , with enough pushing and pulling and mentality changes , they 'll turn around . 
  germany , i am disappointed in you . 
  get your shit together . 
  i wish i had pickpockets praying for me . 
  that 's not how inter-human communication works . 
  it seems to me you 'd rather not challenge your own ideas , or have them be challenged , a sign of weakness and insecurity . 
  but if sitting in an ivory tower , being right all by yourself , is your thing , by all means do so . 
  just stop bothering other people if you refuse to communicate by our conventions .
