  well , taking away some freedom , can increase the total amount of freedom . 
  for instance , taking away the freedom of choosing whether to be included in a public retirement program will result in a better program for everybody , where more people can enjoy the benefits of having at least a minimal amount of money to keep on living . 
  so yes , you do need arguments , because people a lot smarter than you or i have not come to the same conclusions you have . 
  also , thinking of arguments ( and arguing with them with others ) forces you to analyse your own ideas and views , which might change them , but will in the end only make them stronger and better . 
  so , you say you 're so right that you do n't even have to supply arguments , people will either already have seen the light or they never will ? 
  that 's ... arrogance taken to a new level , indeed . 
  people change their views all the time based on things they hear . 
  well , okay , not all the time , but they do . 
  you were n't born with your views , either . 
  if you posit your opinion in such an abrasive manner , however , they might associate your view with asshole behaviour , and be even less inclined to listen to its merits . 
  look , with that attitude we 'll almost allow you back in . 
  speak just a little louder , we still ca n't hear what you 're saying . 
  `` self-contradicting-mentally-challenged-people '' is pretty objectively insulting . 
   when presenting very unpopular opinions needs to be rude otherwise he will get swarmed by others and cant deal with that that 's just wrong . 
  it 's * a * strategy , but not a very good one . 
  it does n't help in converting others to your viewpoint , it only strengthens the bonds with the people who already agreed with you ( which is why some politicians use it ) . 
  and * that right there * is why you 're downvoted . 
  not because you have an unpopular or wrong opinion , but because you suck at presenting it . 
  we just have a superior opinion on everything . 
  but if i honestly compare country-subreddits , / r/thenetherlands is actually one of the better ones . 
  startups in america are like tulips in the 1630 's . 
  got ta be careful though , police often patrol there just to ticket the cyclists ... 
  it 's illegal to cycle there , actually ... :p, 
  probably both , 
  no , i mean that normal portion-sizes in the us and eu are very different , and most us ` ians adapt to those ( and hence lose weight ) , but in all-you-can-eat places ( there 's a few in town ) this argument would n't hold because there are no portion sizes . 
  they look about the same size as the ones on the us flag . 
  maybe some flag-making-dude in the us could n't stomach our stars being bigger than their stars . 
  not the americans i know ... 
  they get used to our portion size , and `` all you can eat '' , although it exists , is not too common . 
  every single one i 've known ( about 10 ) lost weight while here . 
  not for long , at least . 
  indeed  `` hey , it belonged to nobody in particular ! '', 
  yeah , it sucks , and if you * really * want to do it right you need to completely analyse the cradle-to-cradle lifecycle of every object you buy . 
  labeling products as extensively as possible so customers can at least make semi-informed decisions is a start . 
  ... well , it * is * my city 's club ... perhaps i should go like football , then . 
  i do , but i love jews . 
  what does that make me ? 
  it depends . 
  sometimes the beans from kenya produced less co2 including travel , than the greenhouse that grows them next door . 
   i have read my fair share of philosophy . 
  i thank you for the recommendation although the way you say it suggest a rather smugly patronizing attitude . 
  perhaps i 'm reading too much into what you are saying . 
  that was not my intention . 
  i 'm also not proposing that all views are equal , or a fan of postmodernism . 
  i rather agree with popper that scientific theories can never be proven to be true . 
  they can * only * be proven false . 
  if they ca n't be proven false , they were n't science to begin with . 
  from that follows that scientific theories do not describe the truth , but rather eventually become ... truthlike ? 
  scientific realism , the notion that scientific theories actually * are * true , is , in my not so humble opinion , false and even damaging . 
  then it seems we agree , and i do n't really know why you kept on arguing for so long , or what you thought my point was ... a leap of faith is , by definition , irrational , and believing that `` science is true '' for whatever that means , requires a leap of faith . 
  nevertheless i still recommend reading some kuhn and popper , they 're really pretty awesome , no phd required , 
  source needed . 
  you ca n't prove it 's true and you ca n't even prove it false . 
  it 's an assumption . 
  if you can prove it 's true that 'd set the whole world of scientific philosophy on its head , please publish . 
   yes . 
  faith in that the world is real and that by examining it with as rigorous methods as we can achieve is a worried endeavor . 
  this is hardly an irrational kind of faith . 
  a very religious christian would not call his own faith irrational , either , but if you just look at the definition of irrational ( look 20 posts up  ) , accepting that the universe is real * is * irrational . 
   science has immense predictive capability and when we apply the knowledge we obtain through it we gain an immense ability to influence the world around us . 
  so did shamanistic magic before we developed better theories , but that does n't make it true , and believing it is still makes it a faith ( or religion , depending on your definition ) . 
  read some kuhn and/or popper for a more ... wholesome view on the beautiful body of knowledge that is science . 
  well , i 'd argue that some epistemology for everyone in daily life could n't hurt . 
  it 'd certainly stop excesses such as isis :p, 
   science is not a religion , it 's a set of methods to obtain knowledge . 
  believing that knowledge is * true * , however , turns it into a religion , something i vehemently oppose in the case of the scientific method . 
  why ? 
  i love science , as a philosophical construct . 
  it has , up until now , given us results beyond any other construct so far . 
   yes . 
  there is . 
  plenty . 
  no , there is not , that 's why they are assumptions . 
  let me enumerate them : ( 1 ) that there is an objective reality shared by all rational observers ; ( 2 ) that this objective reality is governed by natural laws ; ( 3 ) that these laws can be discovered by means of systematic observation and experimentation . 
  none of these can be proven from within the construct of science , so if we * assume * them to be true , we can work from there and build a heap of useful knowledge . 
  if you * believe * them to be true , then that is an irrational leap of faith , as there is no objective evidence for these assumptions , except circular reasoning ( science makes a prediction , prediction is true according to science , so science is true ) . 
  edit :   one can even argue  clearly one can not legitimate ( and honestly ) do so of course we can !, 
  theology ( which , may i remind you , is still taught at universities ) is full of this . 
  it 's just applying a set of methods to a set of assumptions . 
  yes , i believe in islam in the same sense that i believe what my eyes tell me . 
  not all beliefs are created equal . 
  islamic facts are true ( in the sense of being the best approximation to the absolute truth that we can get at the moment , the only sense in which we can justifiably claim that anything is `` the truth '' . 
  except mathematical and logical facts of course . 
  and the mere fact of existence . ), 
  whether you believe them or not . 
  replace `` science '' with any religion in your comment and you sound pretty much like a religious fundamentalist . 
  the exact same arguments were made by other religions in centuries past . 
  one can even argue that if you assume the bible to be true , you can then rationally continue to draw conclusions from those assumptions ( quite a fundamentalist approach , actually ) . 
  one can also adopt a utilitarian view of science , one that ( imho ) preserves its purity more . 
  a leap of faith means : `` accepting something intangible or unprovable , or without empirical evidence '' . 
  there is no empirical evidence for the assumptions science makes , hence it 's a leap of faith if you believe them to be true . 
  you can admire and love science without resorting to scientism . 
  because science is a set of assumptions combined with a rational set of methods . 
  believing those * assumptions * to be absolutely * true * , requires an irrational leap of faith . 
  `` believing in science '' is also irrational , i think it 's a weird questionnaire . 
  thanks for that unbiased quote !, 
  i suddenly understand why he thinks . 
   dutch babies i 've only made one dutch baby in my life , and that 's enough for now . 
  she 's almost 7 !, 
  how time flies ...
