in that same `` common parlance '' , being anti-israel is also being anti-jewish , or so some people are trying to change the language . 
  source of my displeasure : i really dislike israel but have a jewish girlfriend . 
  changing words ' meaning to fit ones agenda is so 1984 . 
  no it does n't , it means hatred of semitic people , which are the sons of shem , a population that includes both jews and palestines . 
  but palestines are semites , too , so how can one be pro-palestine and still be anti-semite ? 
  tell that to your government :p, 
  bavaria is awesome , and gives a lot less headache than heineken or amstel . 
  bav and hj are my go-to lagers . 
  and west-friesland , also coloured in , is even less fries . 
  jails in both countries are like hotels compared to other countries , they 'll be fine , 
  and coffee out of my nose . 
  thanks . 
  well , there are other issues that somewhat remedy that situation , such as more transparency . 
  at least we 'll be informed drunks . 
  we 're easily amused . 
  probably because the belgians will want compensation for accepting limburg and it 'd cost us too much . 
  interesting , i did n't even know the nap ( amsterdam water level ) was used in other countries . 
  otoh we 're pretty invested in measuring water levels exactly so it does make sense . 
  and that we instantly made it into a touristic location . 
  come see the highest point !, 
  we 're easily amused . 
  language , too . 
  at the border they speak a range of dialects neither germans nor dutchmen can understand . 
  the joke was that planned utopian cities was very much a soviet thing . 
  people keep saying this , but i think the breakdown of national identities will finally free regional identities . 
  the current nations are worse at `` preserving local culture and identity '' than a federal europe of regions would be . 
  just look at the [ enormous amount of separatist movements ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_separatist_movements_in_europe ) in europe , all being repressed by their respective countries . 
  just go ahead and name it merkelgrad then . 
  apparently the rest of the world is deprived of our [ dubbelzout ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndftyrdsg-u ) ... 
  this was my first thought as well , 
  yes , they 're now also a government-subsidised ego-project `` omroep '' called `` powned '' . 
  it 's even worse than you imagine it to be . 
  not if you do n't count alcohol-tolerance ... 
  but ... we already have that in the netherlands ... you get about 70 % of minimum wage , but there 's a whole bureaucratic system for all kinds of welfare types . 
  it does n't mean more money is created , or suddenly appears out of thin air , it 's just tax money re-divided . 
  it does mean high taxes , but that 's a choice we already made . 
  so yes , countries with low taxes are going to experience some inflation when raising taxes in order to create a basic income . 
  no , it wo n't be the end of that currency or that country . 
  it solves the problem of having different kinds of welfare , which is currently very divided , complicated , is fraud-prone , etc. 
  how exactly would it increase minimum wage ? 
  i 'm just going to conclude with : the world is not as simple as you like it to be . 
  ... that 's not how money or economy or people work ... 
  the amount of false assumptions in your pet theory are astounding . 
  to conclude with a real example : my country has been doing this for quite a while ( in the form of unemployment welfare , which is essentially the same thing ) , and we 're still not bankrupt . 
  yay . 
  that 's just admitting defeat . 
  unmotivated to work because of basic income is an argument that 's often used but never backed by actual proof . 
  what it does do is demotivate crime ( theft , robbery , burglary , etc ) . 
  still do n't get where your inflationproneness comes from , if everybody is suddenly able to buy * basic necessities * , those will automatically become more expensive ? 
  because that has n't really happened . 
  agreed on your last sentence , but i do n't see how providing people with basic income is `` overregulated socialism '' , nor how this will cause inflation . 
  if what you say is true , then that would mean that currently , an x number of people is currently living under the `` basic income '' level , which is right around the poverty line . 
  do you really want to argue that a society without poor people is bound to become stagnant , very inflation-prone , and is sure to go into debt ? 
  `` failure again '' ? 
  it 's basically replacing the existing welfare ( which is abundant in the eu already ) with a simpler system . 
  how nice of them , 
  could 've been me . 
  i 'm not sorry . 
  of course we do . 
  we stand still in them , in long lines . 
  and now i wonder whether the dutch `` plat '' ( meaning `` flat '' ) has its roots in the greek \u03a0\u03bb\u03b1\u03c4\u03cd\u03c2 ... 
  english has some weird pronunciations , and only knowing book-english has yielded me quite an extensive vocabulary , but i would n't know how to pronounce half of those words , 
  putin : `` hmmm , if we combine euro , asian and vision ... viseuroasion . . eurasia in vision , eurovasion , how about euroinvasion ? 
  that sounds positive ? 
  right ? '', 
  that 'll do pig , that 'll do ... 
  indeed , i always tell people to be more frank with each other . 
  we must not allow a high-five-gap !, 
  no , we love it too much . 
  every time we give in to it , the whole world starts fighting . 
  because english is currently the lingua franca . 
  which is a latin way of saying that english is french , although it 's called `` franca '' because the arabs thought that all europeans were franks . 
  if that made any sense . 
  because these are on top of the province stuff that they also have . 
  it 's another layer of subgovernments that nl does not have . 
  per year . 
  i wish i 'd work 697 hours per week less :p, 
  that 's what i said , but i phrased it in a bad way and rhetorically , sorry . 
  i meant to say : `` i do n't have a point , just saying it 's a nonsensical argument '' . 
  no need to be a dick about it . 
  if you look at the comic again , you 'll see that there will always be an overlap with anything . 
  i 'm not dismissing the fact that there is a similarity ( because there obviously is ) , i 'm pointing out that the analogy chosen is an overused one with many extra connotations that should no longer be used unless really appropriate . 
  ass . 
  i do n't have one ? 
  it 's just a godwin , that 's all . 
  one can always find a comparison to something in wwii , if you look deep enough , so those arguments are usually really bad . 
  your point ? 
  there 's not really a lot anyone will do about that ... 
  the eu will probably say `` tut tut '' or something . 
  because others ( like us ) can learn from hearing both sides . 
  lol  i studied ai once , i taught the chess robot that the only way to win is ~ ~ not to play ~ ~ ram through the chessboard . 
  i 'm a programmer myself , and hold him in high regard , but it 's still just `` computer science '' , not real science :p, 
  your list is severely lacking antonie van leeuwenhoek and christiaan huygens . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antony_van_leeuwenhoek and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christiaan_huygens ) problem with the netherlands is that we do n't really do hero-worship . 
  historically , standing out from the crowd too much is regarded as a bad thing , so it 's really hard to pick just one . 
  no , they do opinium , it 's a very common mineral , found in many humans . 
  too little of it will not harm you , but too much of it will make you annoying to the people around you . 
  that would be awesome  my understanding was that the orthodox church was back then a respected institution , with deep pockets and quite a bit of political influence . 
  i had an ... acquaintance who set up a factory in a city near st. petersburg in the late 90s . 
  he told me he essentially had three options for paying for `` protection '' and safety : the state , the mob , or the church .
