  these are pictures from ridiculous photo ops that putin 's people set-up . 
  they 're meant to be published by the media . 
  yeah they do ... 
  it is a little bit scary to try and imagine what would happen if they tried to purge half the force in a country that is already on edge . 
  not saying it should n't be done or anything , but man ... 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the one who has to make those decisions . 
  seems like it 's a situation that could turn violent real fast . 
  i heard somewhere that a huge proportion of gd voters were on the police force though . 
  if that 's true , seems like it would be pretty tough to carry out . 
  the easy answer would be to get both sides to sit down at the negotiating table , but russia has made that impossible with their unconditional support of assad . 
  russia is n't after stability , they 're determined to make sure their ally maintains power , regardless of how many syrians are slaughtered along the way . 
  let 's not break out the champagne glasses and toast to putin the humanist . 
  if the u.s. launched missiles this would become a cold war style proxy war between the west and russia . 
  that 's how invested russia is in the syrian government . 
  putin has intervened more strongly than any western country , selling assad advanced arms . 
  100,000 people have died - putin has blood on his hands . 
  incredibly entertaining to read of his shenanigans from far away , probably less so for italians , and now estonians haha . 
  i do n't know that extending the bond buying for just a few months is going to create new bubbles . 
  it does give countries like brazil and india a little more time to get their currencies in order before the big hit comes . 
  wise move . 
  hopefully it never comes to that !, 
  if i were greek , and those were mu choices , i would move out of the country . 
   i dont like fascism , but give me fascism over communism . 
  that 's not really a choice people have to make anymore , though . 
  why wonder about it ? 
  no one makes up their german ancestry . 
  that guy was talking out of his ass . 
  they might not be 100 % german , but no one makes that sort of stuff up . 
  it 's not like german is a favored nationality - it 's not . 
  it 's just that a lot of german farmers moved to the american midwest in the 1800 's when the american government was offering free land to anyone on the world who would settle out there . 
  since when is it a crime to go to outer space ? 
  pay richard branson a few million dollar , and anyone can go . 
  no one is going to stop you . . we do n't have security agents patrolling the skies , catching anyone who tries to leave . 
  it 's not close to the same reasoning . 
  it 's extremely difficult to leave the earth because it 's physically impossible to do it by yourself , and it 's technologically difficult to do it all . 
  in the case of cuba , anyone who wishes to leave the island for any reason - without going through an arduous approval process - is kept there by force . 
   everybody and i mean every fellow white person i have ever spoken to about ancestry claims to be german . 
  i know very few people who claim to be german , and i live in the west , where very few germans immigrated to . 
  if people were just making up their german ancestry they would probably see more of it on this census report outside the midwest , but you do n't . 
  the fact is , when many german and dutch immigrants came here , it was n't uncommon for entire communities to emigrate together . 
  there was an extremely high concentration of them in the midwest , and that 's exactly what this survey shows . 
  makes complete sense . 
  also , most people i know , know exactly how german/irish/polish / dutch/etc they are . 
  most people know that much about their grandparents , great-grandparents , and great-great grandparents ( if their families time in the u.s. goes back that far ) . 
  it 's ironic that communists have to trade with capitalists to gain any semblance of prosperity . 
  at least in the us , and almost every country in the world , you can leave when you want . 
  every cuban is a prisoner on that island . 
  cuba : 100,000 prisoners per 100,000 inhabitants . 
  cuba is a prison state that puts their citizens in jail if they trial to leave the island without permission . 
  that could have something to do with it . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  maybe throw in a few our father 's too , just to be safe . 
  atone for their actions ? 
  do they say , like , three hail mary 's or something ? 
  nope , you 're right . 
  yeah , i 'm used to american schools - plenty of fatties . 
  whatever , fatty . 
  training the rebels was in response to the last chemical attack blamed on the regime this past spring . 
  i mean , the only reason obama is doing it is because he had previously talked about the `` red line . '', 
  it 's basically a half-hearted effort to do something , just because he said he would . 
  typical of his policy toward the middle-east , which has been pretty incoherent . 
  the u.s. has trained 50 rebel fighters in jordan . 
  they have n't sent arms to the rebels , although they were supposedly suppose to send small arms , like assualt rifles , after the last chemical attack , but they have n't yet . 
  russia has equipped the syrian government with advanced missiles , and weapons systems , and has been doing so since 2011 . 
  the difference is about the difference between a bullet hole and missile crater . 
  so to answer your question - very different . 
  i do n't think big time patriotism is , but american exceptionalism goes a bit beyond patriotism , in my reading of it . 
   that has been their unnofficial motto for most of the last century , no surprise there . 
  [ it actually came from french writer in the 1800 's . ], 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexis_de_tocqueville ) it 's not just something some american politician came up with one day . 
   russia partially siding with syria on the matter put things into a different perspective wtf are you talking about ? 
  russia has been siding with assad completely , not partially , for the past two years . 
  russia has been providing weapons to assad , weapons that have killed thousands of syrian civilians over the past two years . 
  russia jumped at the chance to prevent a u.s. strike against their ally . 
  the do n't give a fuck about peace , or how many syrians die , all they care about is that their ally retain power . 
   why else wait ? 
  because russia is backing the regime , and the regime denied they possessed chemical weapons . 
  i do n't know where this narrative is coming from , that russia is this force for peace suddenly . 
  has anyone actually been paying attention to this conflict for the past two years ? 
  they 've been fueling this war by providing assad with the weapons he 's needed to fight it . 
  without russia this war might have been over a year ago - they 're much more deeply involved than the u.s. or any european country - and they * already have blood on their hands . 
  * they do n't want to see a u.s. strike against their ally , or put their weight on the side of the rebels . 
  so when they saw an opportunity to prevent a strike they took it . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  syria would n't even admit to possessing chemical weapons until a few days ago , so it 's pretty hard to make the argument that this was the obvious diplomatic solution when syria denied even possessing the weapons . 
  i 'm not sure what putin intended to accomplish with this , besides maybe domestic political considerations for himself . 
  liberals are , for the most part , in power right now , and many tend to reject american exceptionalism - it 's republicans who tend to get really , really into that whole idea ... 
  so really , he 's kind of poking the american domestic political opposition to war in the eye . 
  russia is supplying syria with weapons , how on earth are they they the voice for peace ? 
  they 've been instrumental in lengthening a conflict that has seen over 100,000 people die . 
  because repressive regimes always fall , eventually . 
  maybe it will be in five years , maybe in 20 , maybe in 100 . . 
  but sooner or later the conditions sustaining the regime will change , and the regime will fail to adapt . 
  that depends though . 
  they tolerate what they do right now because the state is strong enough to suppress them . 
  if the state is weakened , which is bound to happen at some point , it will be less able to crush unrest . 
  n. korea wo n't be able to keep the outside world out forever , and at some point its people will demand more rights , and possibly even unification . 
  it 's really hard to predict how n. korea would react in that situation , but blaming and launching an attack on the south to rally loyalists is n't too far out of the question . 
  another worry is that tension builds overtime within n. korea , and eventually blows up into an egypt type situation . 
  it sounds great on the surface - revolution for the n. koreans , etc - but what if a n. korea , cornered by its own people , lashes out at s. korea , and calamity ensues ?
