  vietnam is a sore spot for me . 
  it was a stupid , horrible war , but i do n't appreciate being lectured to about it by someone who has no fucking connection to it . 
  i live close to a large community of vietnamese refugees who would tell you the same fucking thing , but perhaps be a bit more violent about it . 
  first of all , do n't lecture me on vietnam . 
  i have family members who died fighting that war , and i have vietnamese friends who had family members died , and others who spent years in `` reeducation camps '' after the war . 
  it 's still divisive in the u.s. , and your uninformed whining brings nothing to the debate . 
  assuming you 're swede who grew up in sweden , you have no clue what it 's like for your country , friends , and family to be involved in a war , and the sacrifices it entails . 
  and when did i ever say the u.s. was fighting for freedom ? 
  that 's a platitude - it does n't even mean anything . 
  i said we fought to erect an international system , which we believed to be far superior to the alternative - which the soviets were pushing . 
  in 1941 there were 12 democracies in the world ; today the world is overwhelmingly democratic . 
  you can dredge up all sorts of conflicts that you have almost no understanding of , but the fact remains that the world is a screwed up place , and it would be impossible for for any country in the the position the us has been in since ww2 to do what we did without debacles along the way . 
  go ahead kick back and complain about the u.s. in your tiny nordic country that has grown rich profiting from the liberal international order that the u.s. and our allies have built and maintained with money and lives , but do n't pretend like the word would be a better place had the u.s. been absent from the international scene these past 70 years . 
  it would n't be . 
  if you do n't think the soviet union would n't have tried to [ invade ] ( http://english.pravda.ru/news/russia/21-02-2003/21952-0/ ) sweden after ww2 if it were possible , you 're dreaming . 
   jesus , are you trolling me ? 
  like you helped with vietnam ? 
  chile ? 
  iraq ? 
  i never said we helped those countries . 
  in latin america we did n't want the soviets to put nukes on our border , like they did in cuba . 
  you might have grown up in a soviet utopia in sweden without the u.s. guaranteeing your security . 
   that does n't mean you have to be there because half of the time you just make things worse . 
  if we 're not there china bulls right through s. korea , vietnam , japan , the philippines , malaysia , and indonesia to take whatever they want to in the those seas . 
  the u.s. balances out china 's power in the region , and prevents them from being more aggressive/hostile with their neighbors , otherwise it 's very likely that the region would break out in war . 
  there 's a reason all those countries are clamoring for security relationships and closer trade ties with us . 
   and frankly , why on earth is asia going to war , and have n't you learned not to go to war in asia ? 
  asian countries are quarreling over territorial claims in their seas . 
  check out a newspaper and read about it . 
  the entire point of our presence their is prevent war from breaking out , not to go to war . 
   you managed to do that just fine before 2001 actually . 
  your spending has increased almost exponentially since . 
  fighting two wars tends to get a bit expensive , which is why spending has gone up . 
  it 's set for for big cuts as we wind down operations in afghanistan and iraq . 
   when have you ever used it responsible ? 
  which decade ? 
  the u.s. has only been hegemon since the early 90 's , and thus only in a position to guarantee global balance of power since the early 90 's . 
  the u.s. , along with our significant allies like britain and france , rebuilt the international system we all live in after ww2 , and it has brought a period of unprecedented peace to the west . 
  the u.s. is responsible for maintaining that system , and that requires us to spend a significant portion of our budget on security . 
  lol !, 
  dammit . 
  i should n't have said anything !, 
  kanye already thinks he 's jesus , if someone allows him to have a reality show wedding at the most famous palace in the world he 'll become so insufferable i do n't think i 'll be able to take it . 
  the irish played a huge part in america 's western push , so not sure how that absolves you from anything . 
  [ you 're talking out of your ass , mick . ], 
  a lot of it is just projection of power . 
  there 's numerous strategic areas we occupy that we could launch attacks on n. korea , as well as a number of other countries . 
  it would n't necessarily have to fall under the s. korea portion of the military budget . 
  the congo free state was given to leopold , personally , as part of the numerous colonial rearrangements the european powers negotiated after one of their countless wars . 
  coming from a european , this little diatribe is beyond rich hahaha . 
  you know that germany declared war on the u.s. , right ? 
  we ca n't in any really meaningful way . 
  we have treaties to maintain , sea lanes to protect , etc. 
  plus allies end up losing their shit - like saudi arabia and other gulf countries right now - if we do anything to pull back . 
  what would japan and s. korea be doing right now if the us military was n't there to guarantee their security ? 
  how much more aggressive would china be in all their territorial aspirations in the south china sea ? 
  used responsibly the us military can keep the peace by maintaining the balance of power between countries . 
  obviously iraq was gross misuse of that power , but if the u.s. was n't so involved with what 's going on in asia right now it could turn into an asian ww1 really fast . 
  i hear kanye west and kim kardashian want to get married at versailles . 
  for the love of god i hope you guys care enough not to let them do that !, 
  wow . 
  this is a dumb comment . 
   there was a girl on a tv show that did n't know how to make coffee ... 
  i 'm glad to know we 're not the only country that has idiots on tv . 
   winning the lottery nine times wow . 
  that 's just completely brazen `` i do n't give a fuck corruption . '', 
  wish he was given a longer sentence . 
  every time i read putin 's name i think `` puta . '', 
  good old vlad puta . 
  yes , that 's why it blows my mind that it was the first time iceland has had a police shooting . 
  i 'm aware of my country 's problems with gun violence . 
  i live here . 
  what do you mean where i 'm coming from ? 
  it 's sad but this totally just blows my mind . 
  first time ever ? 
  wow . 
   `` this is stupid '' that 's you , asshole . 
  except for one very religious jewish girl i 've never had an american girl articulate any sort of reservations or surprise . 
  a couple french girls have expressed surprise that i was n't circumcised , however , since that 's the reputation american men have . 
  adverse ? 
  no way . 
  several girls have been very curious about it - kind of looking at it and examining it in a non-sexual way . 
  but never any negative reaction . 
  it 's a bigger deal among guys when you 're an adolescent , especially for guys like me who spent a lot of time in locker-rooms . 
  you tend to be pretty self-conscious about it at that age . 
  funny story : i was on a date with this jewish girl once , we were making out and she reached her hand down my pants and started feeling around . 
  i thought she was just feeling me up , but a few minutes later she told me that if we were going to seriously date i would have to convert , and that would mean i would have to be `` cut . '', 
  up until a few years ago the vast majority of people in the u.s. were convinced it was crucial to health ( probably due - as you said - to insurance companies ) , which is absolutely ridiculous if you think about it . 
  luckily my parents thought it was a cruel practice ( and my doctor agreed ) when i was born , and i did n't have to go through it . 
  there 's several movements in states and cities to ban the practice here right now . 
  the movements seem to be gaining traction too , thank god . 
  i ca n't help but notice that cameron seems to be a bit preoccupied by online pornography ... 
  it 's more in response to what the guy above you was saying about france pretending to be a force for good , i suppose . 
  a lot of this depends on what you think `` force for good '' means . 
  it means different things to different people/nations , and it 's never black and white . 
  well there goes the `` hookers and coke hotel party tour '' of europe i was planning on taking this summer ... 
  the headline to this article is egregiously sensationalistic . 
  in 1914 everyone had big guns pointed at one another , and the general diplomatic and political climate was n't even remotely comparable to today 's . 
  to even equate nationalism and how it manifests itself today to the situation in 1914 is just silly . 
  good points .
