  healthcare consumers have basically no idea how much any of their medical care actually costs , and there 's no state-run entity - as in most other advanced countries - that ensures that costs stay down . 
  this newspaper also has an article with the headline : [ `` germany and eu to legalize pedophilia and with it , child pornography as well ! '' ], 
  ( http://www.eutimes.net/2009/06/germany-and-eu-to-legalize-pedophilia-and-with-it-child-pornography-as-well/ ) ( sic ) . 
  so maybe this is n't the best source to be getting your news from . 
  you can go ahead and mark this down under `` things that definitely wo n't happen . '', 
  i would haha . 
  we might have more advanced health care , but it does n't mean the system is even remotely efficient . 
  it 's a fucking mess , and a disgrace . 
  give me a break . 
  every ethnic group that emigrated to the u.s. suffered discrimination , but it was nothing even close to the racism that blacks suffered . 
  to even compare the discrimination that italians experienced with the jim crow laws , and the violent racism blacks endured well into the 20th century ( and even today to a lesser extent ) is disgusting . 
  you are right . 
  this one definitely wins hahaha . 
  hey , good for the lord of goesnes though . 
  no one fucks with the lord of goesnes ' peasants !, 
  random chinese military and government officials are always threatening random stuff - all of it bluster . 
  if china tried to sell all their dollars , which is actually a very small percentage of us debt 1 ) they would not get a good price for it , and it would cause their currency to appreciate significantly 2 ) they would have nowhere else to put the money they currently have in dollars . 
  the reason the dollar is still the world reserve currency is that it 's the only asset that 's considered safe , and is able to accommodate the trillions of dollars invested in it . 
  the euro is the only other asset in the world that 's able to accommodate that level of investment , and it 's not in a position to replace the dollar right now . 
  the fx market has nowhere to go but towards the dollar and finally , 3 ) any sale of dollars by china would be seen by markets as a political move , and not as an underlying weakness in the dollar . 
  markets are n't dumb - especially when they 're own money is at stake . 
  in order for a chinese dollar sell-off to truly affect the dollar a lot institutional investors ( who still hold the largest amount of dollars ) would have to sell theirs off too , and well as many sovereign wealth funds - and each one of them would have to be prepared to take heavy losses to do so . 
  it 's not gon na happen , bro . 
  as i said - the height of fucking stupidity . 
  whatever , retard . 
  take your head out of your ass , and then we 'll talk . 
  i love these weird , random little wars . 
  my favorite is the sheep wars we had where i 'm from , in arizona . 
  [ around the time that france was erecting the eiffel tower , in the american west we were fighting each other over sheep haha ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pleasant_valley_war ), 
  a chocolate sundae is the best place to die - smothered by hot fudge sauce . 
  1 ) there 's no currency that 's able to to replace the dollar as the reserve currency at this point . 
  no currency is going to replace the dollar as reserve currency anytime soon either - let 's not be silly and sensationalist 2 ) china owns significant numbers u.s treasuries , primarily to help control the value of their own currency . 
  if they want to cash in or dump them they can either wait for those bonds to mature , or they can sell them on the secondary market for secondary market prices - which are n't very good . 
  there 's no way china can sabotage the u.s. economy - nor would they want to . 
  to say otherwise is the height of fucking stupidity . 
  [ the eu is china 's biggest trading partner - the eu exports a lot of stuff to china . 
  but the u.s. is china 's largest export market . 
  try again . ], 
  aristotle once said : `` diplomacy precedes the state , and with the use of power may create the state . '', 
  what i take that to mean is that you ca n't enforce a state on a bunch of disparate groups without first bringing them closer together via diplomacy . 
  it 's the huge mistake that the u.s. made in iraq - they completely eliminated the baathist state that had ruled over iraq for decades , and attempted to replace it without having the support , or even opening up dialogue , with the many different sectarian groups in the country . 
  syria is so chaotic right now , and there 's sooo many groups that are controlling areas of the country where the syrian state has retreated , it seems like any western countries that intervene in syria could be bogged down for years , and faced with a similar problems to what the u.s. faced in our attempt at state-building in iraq . 
  i think the west , and particularly my country , the united states , needs to come to terms with our impotency when it comes to building states out of chaos in the middle-east , and that can be hard to come to terms with when we see all the death and destruction happening over there - we instinctively want to do something to stop it . 
  sure , we can invade countries and easily topple governments , stuff like that , but state-building is not really something any western country is equipped to do effectively at this point , imo . 
  there 's a good chance we just make the situation worse if we 're not careful . 
  this looks like a big mistake . 
  hahaha . 
  you really think so , buddy ? 
  how would they do that ? 
   from what i understand the benefits of a bigger more efficient market ( the treaty under consideration ) are a more widely accepted and trusted part of economic theory that 's correct . 
  the benefits of free-trade , and large markets ( like the eu ) are actually one of the only things that almost all economist agree on ( we 're talking like 85 % to 95 % ) . 
  the main objective of this free-trade agreement is to streamline regulations - which can actually be a lot more dangerous than just getting rid of tariffs . 
  whatever the two-sides agree on , we should be scrutinizing it closely on both sides of the atlantic before ratification . 
  there 's definitely going to be lots of areas where regulations can be made to subvert competition in favor of a few favored corporations . 
   they will take action military action ? 
  extremely doubtful . 
  at this point in time the west will do what it wants - there 's nothing china or russia can do to stop us . 
  they 're both too weak militarily , and in china 's case , too dependent on the west economically . 
  whether you believe that 's a good or bad thing is up to you , but it is reality . 
  you do n't think eu member countries are n't spying on each other in brussels ? 
  you do n't think that delegations from the u.s. , china , or from wherever that are visiting paris , berlin , or london are n't being spied on ? 
  the ceos of our start-ups all report being spied on when they visit europe . 
  spying on other countries - even your allies - has been going on for a long , long time . 
  wake the fuck up . 
  countries spying on each other at the un ? 
  now that is shocking lol . 
   the u.s did pretty much nothing in both world wars other than the land lease agreement the u.s was n't a significant factor . 
  wow . 
  this is easily the dumbest thing i 've read all day ? 
  are you smoking crack ? 
  1 ) very few people actually have to do that in the u.s. 2 ) this article has absolutely nothing to do with comparing labor markets in different countries . 
  it 's about the reality that french status quo will not be possible in the future without reforms . 
  however , since you seem to be confused about what i think about this article , i 'll tell you . 
  france will never institute liberal u.s. style reforms . 
  the french people would never accept them . 
  just because reforms need to be made , it does n't necessarily mean they have to be the anglo-liberalizing sort . 
  france needs french solutions , not american solutions . 
  i think they 'll eventually make reforms that make sense for france ; reforms that i would imagine will maintain as much of the welfare state as possible , and reforms that attempt to loosen up the labor market , without sacrificing too much of the security french workers enjoy . 
  when did i ever say they were higher in the u.s. ? 
  both countries have very high living standards right now - that 's not really in question . 
  this article is about challenges france will have in maintaining their living standards . 
  the u.s. has problems with its own , none of which are relevant to this article . 
  the real question is , why are you trying to turn this into a pissing contest between the u.s. and france ? 
  it 's talking about the french economy 's decline , and the eventual decline in french standards of living if difficult reforms are n't made . 
   decline compared to what ? 
  if you actually read the article you would be able to answer that question yourself . 
  i think it 's important to point out that chemical weapons are n't actually more deadly than conventional weapons . 
  they 're actually * less deadly * compared to conventional weapons . 
  for some reason the public has a kind of deep fear of them , because we perceive them to be not as honest as a bullet or missile , or something like that . 
  maybe it 's our leaders and media who have made them out to be scarier than they are , ever since ww1 . . who knows . . what is pretty fucking ridiculous is that more than 100,000 people have died in syria , but now that 1,300 people died in what * might have been * a chemical weapons attack ( it 's doubtful chemical weapons alone were used to kill that many people ) that 's somehow over the line ? 
  not to trivialize those who lost their lives in the attack - it 's absolutely tragic - but to use it as a sort of line-in-the-sand moment , leading to intervention , seems a little arbitrary and just ... fucking small-minded . 
  [ btw , great piece here from foreign affairs on chemical weapons . ], 
  ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/138771/richard-price/how-chemical-weapons-became-taboo ), 
  the wiemar republic ? 
  that was only around for like 10 years haha . 
  and i know you 're not talking about the confederation , cause that was only around for about 100 years , and really was n't anything anyone would call a democracy . 
  the person who 's comment was deleted - username was something about hugo chavez - had said something about the dresden bombing in ww2 , then said `` go home american cunts . '', 
  yeah , i grew up a lakers fan , so i do n't have quite as fond of memories of him haha . 
  amazing player though . 
  maybe the best big-man passer to ever live .
