  if socialism means i get to have sex with lots of beautiful nordic women , then give me all the socialism you got !, 
  the u.s. has trained 50 soldiers , and provided them with small arms . 
  russia has provided assad with advanced weaponry , like missiles , which he has used to bombard rebel strongholds , killing thousands upon thousands of civilians , and displacing even more . 
  [ i think the guy they featured in this article was a gold miner . 
  ] ( http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424052970204621904577016172350869312.html ), 
  i hear miners in australia were pulling in up to $ 200,000 a year recently . 
  great place to go if you want to find a good paying job for a few years , and save a little money . 
   stop being an simpleminded drone ? 
  nice one , dipshit . 
  stop talking out of your ass . 
  al queda was n't in the country two years ago , they came when the civil war gave them an opportunity . 
  russia threw a life vest to the syrian government from the outset , without which the rebels would most likely have overthrown the government long before any islamist fighters arrived . 
  [ here 's a picture of roosh . 
  ] ( http://www.datingskillsreview.com/images/stories/jreviews/2690_rooshv1_1313777235.jpg ) ca n't imagine why a women would n't find him attractive !, 
  i second that nomination . 
  potpan0 for the nobel !!!, 
  there 's no war in syria ? 
  this is news to me . 
  also , as the article mentions , putin is supplying syria with arms . 
  he 's kept this war going . 
   therefore , when it comes to getting laid , your american attitude and belief system will cockblock the fuck out of you before you even open your mouth . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  booking tickets to denmark asap . 
  that 's too bad - putin and berlusconi as roommates would make for the greatest reality show ever !, 
  is n't he like best friends with putin ? 
  well , putin just got divorced , so i think he should move to russia , room with putin , and the two of them can have a good old time haha . 
  problem is that people always forget canadians exist haha . 
  whoa . 
  i 'm saying he belongs in jail , not commenting on how realistic it is that he goes there . 
  honestly , it 's barely affecting most americans since state and local governments handle almost all day-to-day services , and pretty much all national security and federal law enforcement is exempt from a shutdown . 
  basically it just means that civilians that work for the military , and people who work for national parks , stuff like that , will not be able to work for a few weeks . 
  i guess if it lasts for several weeks it could really dampen economic growth for the quarter , so maybe european exports to the u.s. will suffer a tiny bit , but other than that it should n't effect anyone in europe unless you 're planning on coming here and visiting the grand canyon or the statue of liberty - places like that . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  i 've heard that plenty of 17-year old hookers have put him in a corner , of sorts ... 
  you guys got ta figure out a way to chuck his ass in the slammer !, 
   `` he who walks the path of the wolf '' . 
  that 's a pretty hardcore name , in that case . 
  i like it . 
  got me . 
  i 'm a journalism pirate !, 
  here 's the piece cut and pasted : europe 's political leaders have seized on the first uptick in european economic indicators as evidence that their policies are working . 
  who would have thought that ? 
  eurozone gross domestic product expanded 0.3 per cent in the second quarter of this year . 
  it will probably have expanded again in the third quarter . 
  so if you define the end of a recession as two consecutive quarters of positive growth , you might be tempted to forecast that the recession will end at precisely midnight on monday with the end of the quarter . 
  if you do this , you are either a fool or someone with an agenda to peddle -- or both . 
  a recession is a broad-based downturn in economic activity . 
  the focus on two consecutive quarters of gdp is at best a shorthand back-of-the-envelope indicator for a normal business cycle . 
  but this is not a normal business cycle . 
  just look at the order of magnitudes involved . 
  comparing the first half of 2007 and the first half of 2013 , real gdp contracted by an accumulated 1.3 per cent in the eurozone , 5.3 per cent in spain and 8.4 per cent in italy . 
  in the same period investment was down by an accumulated 19 per cent in the eurozone -- and 38 per cent in spain and 27 per cent in italy . 
  between the first quarter of 2007 and the first quarter of 2013 , employment fell 17 per cent in spain and 2 per cent in italy . 
  i would not call the end of the recession until we see a sustained improvement in growth and employment . 
  once the recession ends , i would expect that we will get back to the pre-recession trendline . 
  the biggest drag on eurozone growth right now is italy . 
  the coalition of enrico letta , the italian prime minister , has effectively collapsed over the weekend as silvio berlusconi has withdrawn his ministers . 
  the latest political turmoil will prolong the recession as the uncertainty holds back investment . 
  even a new government will not bring a solution . 
  italy is stuck with a combination of an unsustainable high level of public debt and no productivity growth . 
  it has essentially two options to adjust -- become like germany , or leave the eurozone . 
  the country is unable to do the first , and unwilling to do the latter . 
  as the economists francesco giavazzi and alberto alesina calculated in an article in corriere della sera last week , it would cost some $ 50bn to reduce the tax wedge -- the difference between labour costs and net income -- to german levels . 
  there is simply no political majority in sight for such radicalism . 
  the centre-right prioritises tax cuts on consumption and housing , while mr letta 's partito democratico vetoes spending cuts . 
  italy faces no immediate threat for as long interest rates remain low . 
  the country will be able to muddle through for a while until some political or economic shock will force a decision one way or the other . 
  meanwhile , the single largest constraint on the resumption of eurozone growth is not fiscal policy -- which is broadly neutral at present across the single currency area -- but the continued failure to clean up the banks . 
  the growth rate of loans to the non-financial sector turned negative in 2009 , showed some intermittent improvements , only to then deteriorate again last year . 
  things have not improved since : in august this year loans to the private sector were down 2 per cent over the past year . 
  m3 , a broad measure of money in circulation , grew by an annual rate of just 2.3 per cent in the june to august period . 
  the monetary and banking data are telling us that the economy will teeter on the brink of zero or low growth for the foreseeable future because the financial sector is not supplying the economy with sufficient funds to expand . 
  banking union could help , but only if it were to break the relationship between banks and sovereigns and clean up the balance sheets . 
  yet neither is going to happen . 
  i believe mario draghi , president of the european central bank , is serious in his determination to produce a clean and honest asset quality review , which will start next month . 
  he certainly does not want to repeat the mistakes of the european banking authority , which has lost its credibility with farcical stress tests . 
  but what can he do if governments fail to agree a fiscal backstop for this exercise ? 
  would it not be irresponsible to admit that banks need several hundred billion euros in new capital when that money is simply not there ? 
  but without a clean-up of the banking sector , i see no trend change in the monetary and bank lending indicators -- and this will postpone the recovery further . 
  the most positive news we have had in the eurozone has been the growth of spanish exports , which have risen 11 per cent in real terms from the first half of 2008 to the first half of this year . 
  the improvement of spanish export competitiveness is substantive , but mostly as a result of cuts in employment rather than wages . 
  it is not clear to me whether an export-led growth strategy of the kind pursued by germany would be feasible and sustainable for spain . 
  italy 's political and economic implosion , the credit crunch and past austerity are among the main factors weighing on the eurozone today . 
  the recession that started in 2008 continues , once you ditch the silly obsession with two consecutive quarters . 
  it is not about to end . 
  i agree , but i think the reason france feels like there was some contempt there is because i imagine obama did n't really keep them in the loop on his thought process with this one , which makes sense because he did n't even seem to really be keeping his advisers in the loop . 
  he gave the impression that he was kind of shooting from the hip , and erratically changing directions policy wise ( i 'm also talking his sudden decision to send this to a vote in congress ) , which i imagine was pretty frustrating from our allies perspective . 
  i do n't know if i would exactly say it 's contempt . 
  obama turned this entire thing into a showcase of his indecisiveness , and lack of any sort of coherent strategy or foreign policy towards the the entire middle-east . 
  calling your allies like that last minute is obviously never something you want to do , but in this case i think it was more a consequence of obama 's managerial incompetence than any sort of deliberate show of contempt towards france . 
  the reason americans tend to trust republicans - who often turn out to be lunatics - is because they 're afraid that democrats will handle situations like we just had with syria like obama just handled it . 
  he embarrassed the entire country , our allies , and gave both putin and assad a great victory . 
  she 's an anglo-saxon convert to islam , so not sure she 's what you mean when you say `` these people . '', 
  she 's apparently called the `` white widow , '' and she 's the widow of one of the london bombers last decade . 
  supposedly she 's like a boss in the organization now , not sure how accurate those reports are though . 
  that 's true , but maybe the tiger becomes a kitten between the sheets ? 
  but when you have power like putin does it does n't really matter what he thinks about it , as much as it matters what he does about it . 
  he has the power to make a lot of homosexuals lives pretty miserable - regardless of his personal opinion - and he 's using that power . 
  balls deep or just the tip ? 
  who are we to speculate how deep putin penetrates his rentboy .
