  for instance , in the health care debate a few years ago one of the republicans big scare tactics was telling people that democrats were trying to get rid of medicare ( public health care program for retirees ) . 
  republicans are a lot more willing to cut something like federal money for pre-school , but i would n't say it 's a main focus . 
  social spending actually increased exponentially under george bush , much faster than under bill clinton . 
  actually a pretty good question haha . 
  either that or they 'll have secret service posted down in the sewers . 
  a good rule of thumb is : wherever a us president is going to be , is a place you want to stay away from from if possible haha . 
  she 's actually considered pretty right-wing here too , but generally you are definitely correct - most center-right politicians in europe would be considered left of center in the u.s. , and the economic policies of far-right politicians in europe would also be considered left of center here . 
  it does get a little bit ridiculous . 
  when he comes to la his security messes up traffic so bad that it takes like an hour to go a half a mile in any direction on city streets !, 
  the problem is n't replicating the businesses in europe , it 's starting businesses and getting them established in the sea of red tape many countries have created . 
  even to say that continental europe is a less than ideal environment for entrepreneurs is an understatement . 
  reddit 's code might be open source , but it still requires a lot of money to run . 
  the three-strikes law is only in california , not the entire us . 
  probably made by a young person with a lot of time on their hands ... 
  sucks for wine drinkers in china !, 
  that does sound a lot more sensible . 
  do you know if it raises much money for the government ? 
  here we tax all investment profit as capital gains , which has a top rate of 15 % rather than the top federal rate for income tax 35 % for income tax ... we also have property taxes , but that tax comes from states and counties within states , and is re-calculated every year based on a formula that like only 20 people in the country understand haha . 
  this is n't totally related , but apparently there 's been some seriously defective solar panels coming out of china recently , as factories cut corners on building materials . 
  ny times article [ here ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/29/business/energy-environment/solar-powers-dark-side.html?hp&amp;_r=1&amp; ) i would actually be more concerned about this than china undercutting domestic producers . 
  no , it 's * math * . 
  `` maths '' is the most grotesque word in existence . 
  yeah , i agree with that actually . 
  i was just trying to be a little optimistic haha . 
  honestly , in theory greece would be better off leaving the euro , although i 'm not quite sure how you make that transition without causing a giant mess . 
  i would argue that both france and greece are facing different challenges , and i am much more concerned about greece than i am about france because they 're situation is much more severe . 
  with greece 's situation i 'm not sure what should be done . 
  normally a country in this position would devalue their currency , which greece obviously ca n't do , so they 're going through an internal devaluation - which as we can all see if extremely unpleasant . 
  that being said , yields on 10-year greek bonds have [ dropped from 30 % a year ago to 9 % today ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/gggb10yr:ind ) , so at least they 're headed in the right direction to where they have access to bond markets again , and do n't have to rely on the eu and the imf for bailout funds . 
  the problem is that assets are typically illiquid , and typically are an investment of some sort . . 
  if you 're forcing someone to sell their vacation house that 's one thing , but if you 're forcing people to disinvest from stocks or investment funds , that 's an entirely different matter . 
  instead of simply taxing assets of people worth over a certain amount , why not jack up property taxes on all second homes , and residential properties worth over x amount of euros . 
  that way you leave legitimate investment untouched . 
  as for greece , it 's sad what 's happening over there , but their struggles are n't really relevant when deciding on tax policy in france . 
  why would you tax assets though ? 
  that 's horrible , horrible tax policy . 
  you 're basically taxing investment in a time when the french economy needs more investment . 
   seriously ? 
  `` borne the brunt '' ? 
  as bad as many people in other european countries have had it over the past several years , they have not `` borne the brunt '' of french efforts to trim the budget deficit haha . 
  that 's completely benign statement , at least when it comes to tax policy ... 
  although i do agree that the wealthy should do the heavy lifting when it comes to taxes , i 'm just not wild about taxing assets or savings ( which have already been taxed at least once ) . 
  there 's lots of ways to tax people , no need to go after savings and investment . 
  you 've given absolutely no specifics whatsoever in your argument . 
  did you even do a master 's thesis ? 
  why ca n't you just bullet point a few things you 've learned from us-eu trade liberalization ? 
  i could come on here and say that i wrote a master 's thesis that examines neoliberal and communitarian coffee production policies in west africa using field studies to measure the cultural utility that each system produces ... 
  it 's bullshit . . and yes bro , i did `` even university , '' and in all likelihood a better one than you . 
  i 'm curious : what sort of lessons did you glean about agricultural trade liberalization between two areas - the us and the eu - that do not have anything even remotely resembling liberal agricultural trade policies ? 
  other than that it sounds like your thesis runs out same old tired , and discredited , leftist straw-men about free trade and food security , and you blame it for social policies that you personally do not like ... and do n't even get me started on `` cultural imperialism . '', 
  from a `` hard economics point of view '' no one is arguing that free-trade is `` universally good . '', 
  there 's always winners and losers , but on the net economies end up benefiting , and become more dynamic , over the long term . 
  obviously free-trade , and liberalization in general , often times is a catalyst for considerable upheaval , but economies need to be allowed to change and adapt , even if the process is painful . 
  i assume this is why you argue that liberalization should be done gradually , and i agree with you on that point . 
  you can look at a u.s. state like michigan as an example of an economic area that refused to adapt , or compare the divergent paths of france and germany over the past 10 year to see what happens when a government hangs on too tightly to the status quo . 
  excuse me ? 
  i 'm not well versed on the subject ? 
  you 're the one making blind assertions about trade policy . 
  do you have any sort of data from a respected source that backs up what you 're saying ? 
  right now you 're just some guy on the internet talking out of his ass . 
  basically you 're arguing that nations should open their markets to the world very slowly , and even then only partially . 
  you 're arguing that there are industries within countries that should be protected from competition . 
  i fundamentally disagree with you . 
  i believe in competition . 
  it 's better for consumers , and in the long-run it builds stronger businesses , and helps a country allocate its resources in areas where it has competitive advantages ... and this is exactly why so many economists support taking down all barriers to trade ... also , cut it out with the bullshit caveats like , `` the poll you 're referring to does n't state blah blah blah . '', 
  nobody was suggesting that completely free-trade be instituted overnight . 
  and finally , `` proven benefit to both countries '' is still generic and meaningless . 
  how do you determine which set of tariffs are you going to benefit a country ? 
  there 's lots of tariffs that will benefit politically connected companies and industries , but you run into a pretty big gray area when you 're slashing and keeping tariffs in certain areas in an attempt to help the entire economy . 
  there 's a lot we do n't know about how economies work , but we do know that you ca n't effectively micromanage a large economy like that . 
  [ a 2006 poll of ph.d. members of the american economic association found that 87.5 percent agreed that `` the u.s. should eliminate remaining tariffs and other barriers to trade . '' ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/16/business/16view.html?_r=0 ) and more : `` the benefits from an open world trading system are standard fare in introductory economics courses . 
  in my freshman course at harvard , we start studying the topic in the second week . . '' that being said , it 's politically unrealistic to hope for completely free-trade , so it 's not even worth the time it takes to debate that and `` bilateral trade liberalization , '' which , by the way , is a generic , and meaningless catch phrase in the absence of specifics . 
  the vast , vast majority of economists would beg to differ with you . 
   its a fact that most economists regard as true , that free trade contributes to growth and protectionism makes us all poorer . 
  yes . 
  free-trade denial is a lot like climate change denial . 
  they 're the same kind of stupid . 
  this is bullshit . 
  if you read the source of this article you 'll see that the `` leaked mandate '' that they 're talking about has nothing to do offshore courts , and says nothing about american corporations being able to sue european governments , or a `` corporate litigation boom . . all this `` leaked mandate '' is is an agreement between the us and the eu that intellectual property rights should be protected in the final agreement . 
  that 's it . 
  honestly , the source material and the article that is linked have absolutely nothing in common . 
  whoever posted this needs to check their sources before spreading this garbage . 
  the agreement shall cover issues related to intellectual property rights and should complement and build upon the trips . 
  the agreement will * ** reflect the high value placed by both parties on intellectual property protection ** * and build on the existing eu-us dialogue in this sphere . 
  negotiations should , in particular , address areas most relevant for fostering the exchange of goods and services with ip content , with a view to supporting innovation . 
  negotiations should provide for enhanced protection of eu geographical indications through the agreement . 
  * ** both sides should explore opportunities to address other significant ipr issues . 
  why do n't you just go to a bakery ? 
  it 's easy to find all sorts of breads here . 
  my friends and i here call them `` uber dudes . '', 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  being a gay womanizer sounds kind of fun . 
  that 's true , and in all honesty we refer to it as piigs ... we basically just go by the countries that are having trouble , and we enjoy creating increasingly elaborate and nonsensical acronyms ... also when i say `` we '' i mean the .5 % of americans that follow follow these things ... 
  but ireland is definitely the most popular european country here though . 
  it 's not even close . 
  it might have something to do with half the country having irish ancestry haha . 
  hahaha . 
  older people in the u.s : wooden shoes and windmills . 
  younger people in the us : amsterdam and weed . 
  although , embarrassingly , i think many younger americans do n't actually know that amsterdam is in the netherlands , just that it 's a place where they can smoke weed .
