  the settlements are technically illegal , are n't they ? 
  i do n't see why any state should have dealings with them , or recognize them as part of israel . 
  again , this is a uk site . 
  it does n't have the same connotation in the u.s. 
  we gave light munitions to some rebel groups in response to the syrian regime using chemical weapons . 
  it was more of a symbolic gesture than any sort of tangible support . 
  russia is essentially keeping assad in office with missile shipments . 
  i mean , it 's an extremely common phrase here , and it definitely does not have any homosexual connotation . 
  if i would have said `` russia is gay , '' i agree that would have been extremely offensive . 
  i 'm not surprised it has a more literal meaning in british english , but in american english `` sucks '' simply means something that 's inadequate - it 's completely devoid of any sexual connotation . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's not typically how it 's used in this context in the states . 
  it only means that if you 're explicitly referring to someone performing fellatio . 
  here 's a definition : * verb - intransitive : to be inadequate , displeasing , or of poor quality . 
  to be bad at a particular subject or action . 
  * * example : i suck at math . 
  what does saying `` russia sucks '' have to do with gay rights ? 
  in english * it 's just slang for something you do n't like . 
  i might say something like , `` your basketball team sucks . '', 
  it has absolutely no homosexual connotation . 
  * edit : american english, 
  as far as [ your human rights record , ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/19/us-eu-russia-rights-idusbre94i06j20130519 ) , economic performance , your support of a brutal syrian dictator in a civil war that has killed over 100,000 people ... 
  yes , i think it is necessary to say that `` russia sucks . '', 
  two things : 1 ) this article states that russia has a higher per capita income than germany , not that it 's a larger economy - it is n't . 
  by size , russia is behind germany , the uk , france , italy , brazil , among others , and their economy is so poorly managed they 'll be a middling economic power for the foreseeable future . 
  2 ) per capita gdp is a horrible metric to use . 
  ppp is appropriate , if you 're comparing living standards , but generally per capita income does n't tell you much - ppp weighted or not . 
  it does n't differentiate between all the oligarchs who make millions and sometimes billions , and siberian fur trappers , for instance - it just takes an average of the two . 
  if you 're looking at living standards , what you really want to look at is [ median household income and average household financial wealth . ], 
  ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/ ) russia is far , far behind the rest of europe when it comes to both of those . 
  in conclusion : russia still sucks . 
  [ this article makes the point nicely . ], 
  it absolutely is n't . 
  it 's much easier to start a business and hire workers pretty much everywhere in the u.s. compared to europe , and , culturally , we celebrate entrepreneurs like they 're rock stars . 
  vc 's did n't create silicon valley , silicon valley created the vc 's . 
  most of europe is a hard enough area for established businesses to do business , but for a start-up with limited resources it 's often times impossible to do business . 
  entrepreneurs are forced to emigrate to the u.s. if they want their company to get off the ground . 
  there 's actually plenty of european tech entrepreneurs - it 's just that they come to the u.s. to start their companies because the climate for start-ups in much , much better here - i.e less cumbersome regulation , plenty of venture capitalists , etc , etc. 
  i get his point , i was just making fun of him . 
  seriously though , gdp per capita is n't really the best figure to use . 
  for example [ ireland is higher than both the uk and germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita ) , but i do n't think anyone is going to argue that ireland is doing better than germany because of that , and slightly higher growth expectations for 2013 . 
  the authors assertions about german manufacturing success being somewhat of a gimmick are off-base too - germany has always been the industrial heart of europe . 
  in the past decade they 've done a great job of manufacturing machinery , and generally finding niches in the world market for their goods . 
  a lot of that has gone to chinese factories , and will continue to go to factories in asia ( and increasingly , mexico ) for the foreseeable future . 
  if the euro hardened it would cut into their profit margins , but it 's not like german manufacturers are only getting business now because the euro is cheap . 
  german manufacturers specialize in very high-tech manufacturing that ca n't easily be off-shored . 
  so the author thinks it might be time to start worrying about germany again because a german on a bike almost ran him over in italy ? 
  maybe instead worrying about germany the author should just remember not to walk in the bike lanes . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  stupid questions do n't get answers . 
  this sub is a forum to discuss things pertaining to europe , not a private club for people who live there . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  you make it seem like there 's a huge difference between u.s. and european regulation and corporate culture - with the exception of agriculture rules there 's not . 
  for the most part , but it depends on what state your in , and different cities have different rules as well . 
  i 've always lived in states and cities where it 's legal - i think i would go crazy if i could n't turn right at a red haha . 
  no , i do n't actually move a lot . 
  plus i go to the gym 3-5 times a week when i 'm home , so if anything i 'm less active . 
  i 'm used to `` american-sized meals , '' and those just do n't exist in france for the most part . 
  among other things , yes . 
  they better hope they do n't get a gust of wind in the wrong direction after they light that thing - they 'll burn that building down !, 
  hahaha, 
  i can use the roundabouts okay , it 's just that i always look the wrong direction when crossing the street out of habit haha . 
  what i really need is babysitter to walk me around the cities , and make sure i do n't wander out into traffic lol . 
  yes , please nothing more to confuse us . 
  we already have a tough enough time crossing the road in ireland !, 
  i do n't know , it seems like if you 're going to burn a country 's flag you should be able to make the distinction . 
  fucking mouth-breathers . 
  this is true , but you get away with having a worse diet if you exercise vigorously though . 
  losing weight is all about having a caloric deficit . 
  every time i go to france i lose like 10 lbs without even trying . 
  french vacations have become by diet plan haha . 
  # 1 : it 's virtually impossible to forecast accurately that far out . 
  # 2 : even if that forecast were accurate , it would still mean $ 120 - $ 150 billion dollars a year for each economy . 
  that ai n't nothing to sniff at . 
  `` just going to continue to be awful , '' is probably a better description . 
  if that 's the case i hope they do n't suck . 
  nothing is worse than a bad poet . 
  blueberry pancakes smothered with syrup ? 
  there are few things better in this life , my friend . 
  their existence justifies obesity !, 
  if you include a big steak it sounds like a perfect breakfast !, 
  it 's not ideal , but it 's hardly something that would bankrupt the country . 
  russia 's military capabilities are more advanced than europe 's at this point , anyways . 
  especially considering that germany is still not allowed to fully rearm . 
  you understand that at this point nato is a security guarantee from the united states to other nato members ? 
  the u.s. contributes 3/4 of all nato spending , we contribute almost all the troops , and all of the advanced technology . 
  the u.s. is nato . 
  nato is an alliance that allows europe to spend peanuts on their own security , and to free-ride on the u.s. taxpayer . 
  so russia goes bankrupt because they ca n't use their oil pipeline to ship oil ? 
  that 's pretty fucking stupid . 
  how do you blockade a country that spans half the fucking globe ? 
  it 's pretty simple stuff . 
  let 's ignore for a second that the probability of eu countries agreeing to subvert their sovereignty by pooling , and renouncing absolute control over their security resources , and just try and picture a fantasy land where europe has united military . 
  who makes the decisions ? 
  how much dithering , and back room dealing are going to be needed to take action when action is needed ? 
  do spain , denmark , and croatia - for example - actually have similar security interests ? 
  it would n't work . 
  besides , you may spend the second most in the world combined , but your militaries are uniformly weak , and completely unable to project any sort of power without assistance from the us . 
  in the u.s. we wish that would change , and europe would pull its own weight for once , but we 're not holding our collective breath . 
  russia sells onto a world market .
