  it 's a vastly more diverse country than any in europe . 
  many u.s. states had partnerships that were equal to marriage in all but name ( civil unions ) for a long time before any of them legalized gay marriage , but a `` partnership '' is not marriage . 
  it does n't carry with it the same degree of societal acceptance . 
  i 'm american , and even i knew that the french make fun of belgium like crazy haha . 
  i visited ibiza a few years ago . . 
  i was horrified . 
  i felt like i had stepped into some sort of weird , drugged out british circus . 
  films , food , wine , cheeses , french women , fashion , st. tropez , paris , loire valley , the history , etc , etc. . . 
  pretty much everything . 
  there 's a reason france is the top tourist destination in the world . 
  brazil and india really are n't that powerful though . 
  both countries have serious , and entrenched domestic issues . 
   i 'm scared of them because at any point they can call up the french gov. 
  and have me extradited for having burned a cd from mp3s or used bittorrent . 
  you have got to be kidding me . 
  there 's no way you 're this dumb , is there ? 
  obviously the u.s. pursues some pretty messed up policies around the world , but lets be reasonable in our criticism . 
  i do n't know , if he ponies up a few bucks ... who knows what they 'll let him do ? 
   that 's not the only tax they have to pay ... right ? 
  it 's not . 
  someone is gon na be taxin ' that booty as well !, 
  overall the u.s. is 34 % . 
  where i live , in california , it 's 58 % though . 
  austria kicked germany 's ass !, 
  meth is probably the worst drug there is - far worse than heroin . 
  the last thing greece needs right now is a bunch of tweekers running around the streets . 
  yeah , because russia is such a dynamo of growth hahaha . 
  i 'm a conservative , and you sound like a fucking nazi to me . 
  get the fuck out of here with your anti-semitism . 
  are you a nazi ? 
  honest question . 
  russia traces its origins to kiev , does it not ? 
   current foreign policy is to use energy pricing to maintain influence in germany , austria and the eastern eu . 
  however due to the surplus in the us , this is n't working so well . 
  they 've also been slow to start doing their own fracking , and are kind of getting left behind , technologically speaking , as an energy producer . 
   now this is a weapon that has n't changed since 1959 but it 's still the best automatic weapon . 
  it 's not heavy and has a decent caliber . 
  it 's easy to carry and unlike many american guns it can be thrown into swamps , mud , sand and it 's still perfectly functioning . 
  so although it may be outdated , as in old , i still think it 's the best automatic weapon ever created . 
  i do n't know , i 've shot lots of ak-47 's and lots of ar-15 's ( basically a semi-auto m-16 ) , and i 'm not a huge fan of the ak . 
  it 's inaccurate , jams more easily , and has more recoil . 
  you can get some really cheap ones here ( $ 150 or so ) that are really bad , but even the more expensive ones ( $ 300 ) tend to be not nearly as good as the ar . 
  do n't worry mother russia , you 'll always have belarus !, 
  you just have to ask yourself a simple question : is the eu better off with the former communist countries politically aligned with russia or with the eu ? 
  i think the answer is pretty obvious . 
  one of the big upsides of the eu has always been that it enables europe to counter russian power on its borders , and to be able to expand the eu to russia 's border without fighting a war , well , that 's the sort of opportunity that should n't be passed up . 
  i think every country at some point hands lots of money and some power tools to idiots , or corrupt idiots . 
  recently , and most infamously , in the u.s we have [ `` the big dig '' debacle . ], 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_dig_ceiling_collapse ), 
  i think what he meant to say was this : `` when they were wearing bearskins , we were building roads and acqueducts , '' mr ghini said . 
  `` but today we 've resorted to pickpocketing tourists who come here to see what remains of our crumbling city . '', 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i thought this was going to be about a real volcano . 
  kind of a letdown haha . 
  nothing a paper bag would n't fix . 
  russian water . 
  originally it was british , but it ended in 1998 , and has been running in the u.s. ever since . 
  at least he 's honest . 
  great beer , great cars , and beautiful women . 
  what more could you ask for ? 
  i understand why it 's a separate country , i 'm just pointing out that some spaniards might not care about a 300 yr old treaty , and see it as a foreign country occupying part of spain . 
  stalin was worse than franco , if anything we should have gone after the soviets - especially now that we know stalin to be the monster that he was . 
  regardless , the allies sacrificed millions of lives to defeat the nazis , mussolini and imperial japan . 
  they ca n't be blamed for not having the money or the will to invade spain . 
  it 's kind of attached to their country . 
  without taking sides i can kind of see why they might think that . 
  yeah , i live in san diego now , but originally from az , and lived in tucson for a while . 
  tj and rosarito are definitely more fun to hang out in than nogales , although i like sonoran food way more than the stuff they have in baja . 
  driving through mexico is n't always the best idea . 
  it 's pretty easy for your car to be stolen , and you basically have no recourse in getting it back . 
  i live near the us-mexico border , and i invade mexico 's bars and beaches on a regular basis . 
  does that count ? 
  i 'm not questioning that or disagreeing with you on anything . 
  i 'm just saying that there 's a reason why our neighbors are n't going to seek the protection of a rival power anytime soon . 
  the u.s. has encircled the entire world with military bases haha . 
  is that why russia is moving war ships to cypress permanently ? 
  does putin consider the russian minority in st. tropez to be oppressed ? 
  lol, 
  ignore that guy , he 's an asshole . 
  this post obviously belongs on this sub . 
   how many western armies must be destroyed before we get it through our heads that no matter how weak russia appears on paper , it is still a force to be reckoned with . 
  undoubtedly it is , but i do n't think the goal of the us and its allies would be to march ground troops into moscow , and crush it . 
  i imagine it would be more of a war of containment - and ejection of russia from the baltics - which would be much easier to accomplish with our superior technology . 
  in the past decade russia has began to reassert itself against the west , and there 's no reason to believe that they wo n't become even more belligerent towards us if they become more powerful . 
  when the russian elite decides they want to be partners with the west , then i think the us and the eu would be much more accommodating to their rise . 
  but right now they 're a profoundly undemocratic `` democracy , '' and they actively support despots , and peruse policies that run counter to the to the vital interests of both the us and europe . 
  if they were allowed to grow powerful `` organically '' again , there 's no reason to believe they would n't once again morph into a major security threat on the edge of the eu . 
  britain and france both meet their obligations , and the strategic advantages that an alliance of nato 's size gives the us and eu make it incredibly powerful , and useful all over the world . 
  it also binds countries that have habitually gone to war with each other over the centuries into a military alliance . 
  i wonder how russia would react to ukraine joining the eu ? 
  absolutely not . 
  give russia and inch , and they 'll take a mile . 
  you see what the baltic countries think of them - russia has no sphere of influence anymore ( besides belarus and a couple pockets in ukraine ) . 
  if we ended up in a skirmish with them it would n't be anything that we could n't handle . 
  russia will not want to risk a war with the u.s. because it is a war they would lose quickly and badly , given our vast military superiority ( not to mention the strategic advantages we gain by placing military installations in the baltic states ) . 
  right now russia is still weak , and it should the goal of the u.s. to keep them weak . 
  when powerful , they 're an extremely dangerous country , not just to the baltic and eastern european countries , but to all of europe , as well as to the u.s. and our interests all over the world . 
  all appeasement will do is create problems down the road . 
  exactly . 
  all states , in general , seek a buffer zone between themselves and other hostile powers .
