  it seems like he did a lot to reestablish france 's place in the world - even when that meant distancing france from the u.s. - after the war . 
  given his involvement in ww2 , and how long he was in charge of france , you could definitely make a strong case that he was the greatest european leader of the 20th century . 
  agreed , although since i 'm irish-american so i tend to hold michael collins in greater esteem than washington . 
  collins did n't get quite as much help from the french as washington did . 
  to be fair , most americans do n't know the capital of alabama or maine either haha . 
  much of the country tends to be pretty insular , and not very curious about the world outside the u.s. 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's spelled navajo , not navaho . 
  `` navaho '' is an offensive spanish colonial spelling . 
  [ here you go . ], 
  ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/qi/8080884/quite-interesting-the-qi-cabinet-of-curiosity.html ) . 
  they have the best winning percentage of all european countries * in european wars * since 1495 . 
  i always have a hard time with the smaller eastern european countries , like slovakia , lithuania , etc. 
  i know that they 're there , i just ca n't remember which is which sometimes haha . 
  south america is a little easier to memorize if you sit down and really try , just cause there 's not as many countries . 
  my dad 's side of the family is from there ( they emigrated in the late 1800 's ) , so i 'm going to check it out . 
  i guess my dad 's uncle did a genealogy trip there a few years ago , so there 's some family-specific places we 're going to visit , i guess . 
  i 'm not a big weed tourist . 
  is it only legal in amsterdam or something ? 
  i 'll be visiting frisia next summer . 
  i always pictured you guys as more of a place where loud and annoying british and american teenagers smoked weed . 
  no , the surrender thing is definitely about ww2 . 
  people were doing it long before invading iraq was glimmer in w. bush 's eye ... that being said , i did hear somewhere that france has won more wars or battles than any other country in the world . 
  it 's not sod , it 's `` grass carpet . '', 
  get it right , bud !, 
   the mainstream media in the us is weak and 100 % controlled by corporate and political interests . 
  okay , sarah palin . 
  most americans probably are n't entirely sure where belgium is , actually . 
  god bless my countrymen , but they are really , really bad with geography . 
  the other day at my office i named off every country in south america , and by the looks i was getting you would have thought that i had just completed some sort of impossible magic trick haha . 
  damn straight . 
  greatest americans that ever lived !, 
  say we switched places : there were possibly terrorist cells in the united states that wanted to attack germany , and much u.s. web traffic passed through german servers . 
  i would be surprised if germany * was n't * spying on us , if that were the case . 
  look , do n't get me wrong , i do n't like this business either . 
  i place a very high value on my right to privacy , i 'm just not surprised all this snooping is happening , given the way nations typically react to perceived security threats . 
  any trade agreement between the u.s. and the eu should outline tough online online privacy regulations that apply to both the u.s. and the eu , so that the rights of citizens from all of our countries are protected , and so we 're giving tech companies one set of privacy laws that will extend throughout the developed world . 
  we should be using the news of these leaks , and the trade agreement negotiations , to secure the transatlantic rights for normal citizens of the u.s. and the eu . 
   if the us felt that such surveillance was necessary , they could have tried to obtain it with the consent of the governments , in public , or given up if they could n't get it . 
  it was my understanding germany intelligence ( as well as higher-ups in the government , despite the america bashing now ) did know about this , as well as the french and british governments . 
  terrorist threats to the u.s. are also threats to the west , so if the u.s. did uncover a terrorist cell in germany ( like we wish we did prior to 9/11 ) we would have to be able to work with the german government to take action on that intelligence . 
  if the nsa was n't doing this in at least an unofficial partnership with german intelligence , the information they gleaned would n't be as valuable . 
  i ca n't disagree with that . 
  because it 's written from an american perspective ? 
  i did n't know that , actually . 
  how did he stay in power for so long ? 
  was the opposition just less palatable than he was ? 
   john kornblum , a former u.s. ambassador to germany , offered this frame of reference : `` factual and unemotional are rarely used words used the characterize discussions within germany society . 
  germany has yet to rebuild a foundation of self-confidence which makes it possible to view challenges as tasks rather than emotional crises . '' nuff said . 
  [ i would have guessed it would be this guy . ], 
   no one buys sod unless construction work or intense heat has destroyed all of the grass and it wo n't grow back . 
  depends on where you live . 
  in az people usually use sod rather than seed their lawn . 
  it 's quicker and the grass turns out better . 
   and although its illegal , burning leaves smells really fucking good and is a great way to start a bonfire . 
  again , depends on where you live . 
  you can burn them here , but you have to get a permit from the fire department . 
  i 've used a leaf blower and a rake - they 're both useful for different things . 
  a lead blower is actually better for clearing off pavement or any concrete surface , but if you want to get leafs off your lawn a rake works much better , since leaf blowers make it hard to control where the leafs ' are blown to . 
  i 've helped lay down sod ( or `` grass carpet '' as you call it ) , and planted a lawn , and whether you rake or blow the leaves away really makes no difference as long as you make sure that you 're taking care of the grass and the turf . 
  no way , bro . 
  it 's definitely scary spice , sporty spice ... or one of the other spices ... 
   collins was a terrorist . 
  hey , you got ta start somewhere !, 
  i live in the american southwest , and it 's amazing how much of the spanish colonial footprint is still here . 
  it 's crazy how much you guys discovered . 
  [ here 's a mission near my house that you guys built in 1692 . ], 
  de gaulle was an extremely impressive leader , but damn did he give the us some headaches during the cold war haha . 
  [ alexandre dumas based his protagonist in the count of monte cristo - edmond dantes - on his own father , actually . 
  his father led a really interesting life . ], 
  ( http://literaryreview.co.uk/keates_09_12.php ), 
  hahaha ... well , i hope you 're able to evade service if possible , and if you do end up serving i hope you make it through it without incident . 
  personally , i think the female soldier naked picture thing was far from stupid . 
  my comment made the polish news !, 
  sweet . 
  it 's not surprising you 're getting down voted , but you 're correct . 
  it 's surprising how many europeans are blind to how horribly their colonialism and wars screwed up so many countries . 
  fantastic interview . 
  the interviewer really challenged him too , that 's always great to see . 
   it 's the most russia suspecting and anglo-saxon-countries adoring nation in the world for good reason . 
  [ they celebrate \u015amigus-dyngus - which seems to be some sort of awesome wet t-shirt contest - the day after easter . ], 
  you know that mexico and spain do n't have similar cuisines , right ? 
  they would both take the mop more seriously than hollande . 
  at least a wet mop is good for something . 
  we have many , many outstanding colleges , not just 10 ; and we have many , many outstanding companies , not just large multinational corporations . 
  have you actually been to the u.s. ? 
  it might do you some good to come and see how our economy actually functions here . 
  of course businesses rely on other businesses , but to say that u.s. small to mid sized companies rely on large corporations is an over simplification . 
  most small businesses are selling directly to the people , contracting for regular people , or providing other services directly to regular citizens . 
  there 's something like 28 million businesses in this country that have 500 employees or fewer - they are the lifeblood of this country . 
  if anything the huge multinationals exist because of them , and the economic the unsurpassed economic vitality they give this country . 
   in november 2012 the u.s. census bureau said more than 16 % of the population lived in poverty in the united states , including almost 20 % of american children so basically this means that 16 % of the population lives under the poverty line - which is classified as a little over $ 11,000 for a single person and up to around $ 40,000 a year for a family of 8 . 
  of course , anyone under the poverty line gets does get government benefits in the way of cash welfare payments , food stamps , subsidized housing , free healthcare , and possibly some other benefits ( depending on the state ) . 
  for comparisons sake , lets compare it your country , romania , where the average gdp per capita is just over $ 8,000 ( ppp ) . 
  when you ad in all the benefits someone under the poverty line is making , someone who only earns $ 11,000 a year will more than double that . 
  no one goes hungry in the united states , no one is turned away from hospitals , and there is definitely a social safety net for the poorest among us . 
   more than that , you need diversity and flexibility , 1000 small businesses are always better than 5 big companies , the only good example of this is silicon valley . 
  the u.s. is actually dominated by small to mid-sized businesses , it 's just that in europe only the very large u.s. companies get noticed . 
  part of the reason we have so many profitable small to midsized businesses is that it 's easy to start a business here , it 's easy to hire and fire workers , and it 's easy to go out of business . 
  it 's how we maintain our competitiveness , and how we reinvent ourselves when we need to .
