  i do n't even care if american cheeses are included , i just want that good ( currently ) illegal stuff . 
  a jet , not a boat . 
  and we put the regulation in place because your cheese caused a typhoid epidemic in canada . 
  ahh ... never mind , i looked it up . 
  you 're saying that dead cheese is any cheese with pasteurized milk . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they 're cheeses imported from france . 
  how can they be dead ? 
  they are * your * cheeses made by * your * cheese makers . 
  the milk comes from * your * cows , etc , etc. 
  everything about the chesses are french . 
  they were probably even flown here on an airbus jet with parts manufactured in france . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we do n't exclude french cheese . 
  in fact i can go five minutes in any direction in any city and buy 20 different kinds of french cheese . 
  i 'll definitely check it out . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , it looks like the netflix version has the an exclusive director 's commentary . 
  when i search for finnish films i only get five results : iron sky , mother of mine , and three christmas films ( niko 2 , reindeer spotting , and rare exports ) . 
  it looks like they have them cataloged under scandinavian content , so there might actually be more that are n't coming up under `` finnish films , '' because in the past i 've had trouble pulling up all mexican films on netflix under the `` mexican film '' category . 
  that being said , i have developed quite an addiction to swedish murder mystery shows on netflix . 
  it 's been a great platform for bringing lots of international content to a large us audience ( over 30 million us subscribers ) . 
  i should actually rephrase that . 
  many people in the us do care that france gives subsidies to film makers because many of us love french films , and we do n't want them to dry up . 
  france is the country that brought it up in the negotiations though . 
  it 's only being discussed because hollande wants to use it for political posturing . 
  tariffs are already so low between the eu and the us this trade deal is more about streamlining regulation ( environmental , pharmaceutical , etc ) , cultural subsidies never would have been discussed unless hollande brought it up . 
  absolutely no one in the united states cares whether france gives subsidies to their film makers . 
  you make some excellent points , and this movie does actually look pretty good . 
  what happened with iron sky ? 
  i have n't seen the movie , but it is available for me to watch on the streaming service i subscribe to here . 
  hopefully harma becomes available soon too , and if it 's as popular as you say it is then i 'm sure it will . 
  that being said , this trade deal was never going to take aim at cultural subsidies , hollande is just making a big deal out of it for domestic political purposes . 
  the deal is more about streamlining regulation between the two markets in stuff like pharmaceuticals , environmental stuff , etc. . 
  which brings with it it 's own set of worries , but film subsidies were most likely never even going to be mentioned until hollande brought it up haha . 
  you sound like a real renaissance man . 
  you realize you 're using an american website to complain about whatever it is you think us culture is , right ? 
  that 's a little derogatory , and frankly , ignorant . 
  cuisine in the u.s. is 100x more diverse than what you 'll find in country in europe . 
  we have millions of immigrants and many different cultures from every continent in the world mixing together . 
  culture here is in a constant state of evolution , but it is an incredibly rich culture . 
  asshole . 
   what a naive libertard opinion . 
  why are you such a dick ? 
  if your indie film was worth watching you would n't have a problem getting two million viewers , regardless of the competition . 
  besides , with the rise digital distribution doing well at the box office is n't nearly as important as it once was . 
  it 's now cheap and east for studios all over the world to sell the rights to their projects internationally ( and market-by-market ) , and people will buy them if they have a quality film . 
  there 's myriad streaming services popping up all over the world that are hungry for content ... 
  there has really never been a better time to be an indie studio . 
  bottom line , if you ca n't stay in business without help from your government , you have no business being in business . 
  hollande is just making a bunch of noise for domestic political reasons . 
  [ here 's a great explanation of what 's going one ] ( http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2013/06/14/cultural_exception_and_ttip.html ) . 
  believe me , the united states does not care whether the agreement protects french cinema . 
  beautiful women , beautiful beaches , and porto . 
  at least rule of law is being enforced . 
  in a lot of countries politicians are untouchable . 
  i was actually thinking more prussian oppression of polish serfs way before wwii , cause of course serfs were long gone by wwii . 
  i wish estonia 's president was our president . 
  will they have authentic slavic serfs staff the palace after it 's complete ? 
  oh shit , i missed that the part au pair program . 
  that changes everything !, 
  good thing we got the facebook dirt on those two girls before they could do some real damage . 
  low level immigration officers having access to that information ? 
  hahaha . 
  this is either complete bullshit or severely distorted . 
  the article appears to be from some german tv station , and is completely un-sourced . 
  oh okay , i see now . 
  thanks . 
  * becoming ? 
  if you were banned i would think this comment would n't be showing up . 
  when he left office he was pretty unpopular in ca , but that was mainly because the economy was in the dumps . . 
  pretty much every politician is unpopular in ca at this point though haha . . 
  when the economy was going well he was popular enough to win re-election , which was no small feat for a republican in california . 
  generally people still love him here , and most people i know are glad he 's making movies again . . his movies still are n't critical successes , but they 've always been fun , and i think people are happy to have arnold the machine gun toting , muscle bound actor back , rather than arnold the politician ... 
  actually the guy is irish , and you do n't seem to have a clue as to what you 're talking about . 
  [ austria is where my former governor and the greatest action star to ever play a robot came from ] ( http://www.buzzfeed.com/totalrecall/18-of-the-best-gifs-from-arnold-schwarzeneggers-b-7etv ), 
  not to mention it sounds like an industrial policy the soviets were considering in 1985 ... take on silicon valley by subsidizing microchips ?? 
  really ??? 
  you ca n't be serious ? 
  i refuse to believe that anyone is so dumb that they would come up with that idea in all earnestness . 
  agreed . 
  the book is n't nearly as provocative as this article haha . 
  the article is flawed from academic point of view ? 
  i agree with that , definitely . 
  but it is about what you would expect from the opinion pages of a popular newspaper . . 
  they need a way to tie their content into current events . 
  haha . 
  do n't try and start arguments on the internet then , jackass . 
  why ca n't you compare it to the creation of the united states ? 
  i do n't know if you 've actually ever read the federalist papers , but a government based on the holy roman empire was debated when we were writing our constitution . 
  they were n't able to organize a common defense against napoleon , which ironically ended up being the catalyst for the disintegration of the holy roman empire , and the formation of united german state . 
  i 'm in the middle of reading this guy 's book right now . . 
  it 's really good - i would recommend it . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  look at a tiny country like israel , for instance . 
  they have a tiny , tiny market , but many tech start ups . 
  besides , the european single market is the largest developed market in the world , so i 'm not sure why market size would be a complaint . 
  the fact is that you can build a start up that targets a global market , but in many european countries there are too many obstacles for entrepreneurs . 
  it 's hard enough to get a business off the ground , and it 's almost impossible when your government is throwing up even more obstacles . 
  yeah , but in reality most republicans are n't eager to get rid of the social safety net we have either , they just do n't want to add to it .
