  my gf is from mexico , and she says that a lot of times people will give you directions , even if they do n't know what they 're talking about , because they feel it would be impolite to tell you they do n't know . 
   spiciest plate first just to try to look macho this . 
  hahaha . 
  wales sounds like a pretty cool place !, 
  i 'm aware , that 's why i threw in the `` technically . '', 
  we basically just happened to be on the winning side in ww1 . 
   you beat us in war and that 's about it two wars , technically . 
  they are serious , useful tools to project force against their neighbors , and cause security issues on the periphery the eu ... you know , the type of security issues that might result in downing civilian airliners and killing innocent eu citizens . 
  the ships are a big deal to russia , and significantly bolster their capacity to assault states from the sea . 
  from [ foreign affairs ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141459/michael-moran/the-french-connection ) :  the two mistral-class amphibious assault ships that france is selling to russia are essentially capable of launching a small invasion on a sovereign state : each will be able to carry up to 450 troops , 40 tanks , and 16 helicopters . 
  admiral vladimir vysotsky , who heads russia 's naval forces , recently explained what such a capability could mean in practice : had russia deployed mistrals against georgia in 2008 , he said , the conflict would have ended `` in 40 minutes instead of 26 hours . '', 
  it does in fact say they were stolen . 
  `` international media report that victims ' bank cards have been stolen , '' the dutch banking association said in a statement, 
  maybe they 're radical performance artists !, 
  it had a rolls-royce engine , so the brits will be involved too . 
  yeah . . 
  i think most likely there 's russians operating the weapons too . 
  no chance ukrainian rebels know how to operate weapons systems like these . 
  any word on how many eu citizens were on board ? 
  why in the world was it flying over eastern ukraine in the first place , given everything that 's going on there ? 
  yeah , you 're right . 
   why are these people not suing the government that wronged them ( in this case : the serbians ) , and instead suing the government that actually tried to protect them , but failed due to reasons outside of its control ? 
  money . 
  pretty sure the dutch role in srebrenica would n't even crack england 's top 500 atrocities , actually . 
  the same reason i like it when countries get really into baseball - like japan and venezuela , for example . 
  i love the game , and i like to see it thrive . 
  if you 're afraid of good competition , then sports is n't really you 're thing anyways . 
  the humorist who is only funny to people who think jon stewart is too conservative . 
   we 'd better activate our national cloaking device so the americans ca n't find us on the map in the near future i do n't think any country needs a cloaking device to prevent americans from finding them on the map hahaha . 
  i was in barcelona when they won in 2010 , and i did n't see many catalonia flags being raised haha . 
  you should look up the definition to ad hominem . 
  i was n't trying invalidate any of your claims , or even try and argue with you about any of your claims . 
  you 're a troll , and there 's no use trying to argue with trolls . 
  make an honest account , rather than cowering behind your troll account and we can have a debate . 
  [ do n't you have something better to do with your time than be an anti-america troll on the internet ? 
  what a sad existence . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/danepowers ), 
  [ serbia is pretty damn good at basketball ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_serbian_nba_players ) , especially considering they have a population that 's roughly the size of nyc . 
  the us became the largest economy in the world in like 1870 or so . 
  it already was an industrial powerhouse - in fact it 's industry was so strong that none of the allies would have been able to hold out against the nazi 's without us industry . 
  obviously the us came out of the war in much better position than any other country , but given the size of its population , natural resources , etc it was always destined to become a super power whether ww2 happened or not . 
  there 's putin , sitting all alone on the eastern front ... 
  i 'm gon na [ leave this here . 
  the people at cato get pissed every time a poor person uses their [ ebt card ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_benefit_transfer ) . 
  it does n't take much to get them riled up . 
   nsa spyware are coming our way i think that 's already there , actually ... 
  i think jennifer lawrence said it best when she [ said ... ] ( http://imgur.com/ldt72?tags ), 
  they do pretty decent political reporting , but the guy who wrote this op-ed is actually an editor for the economist . 
  it 's already in the works for natural gas - they 're building terminals for it as we speak . 
  it will take a few years before we 're ready to export , however . 
   i still have 5000 karma because i keep getting up votes from mental midgets . 
  ftfy, 
  not an expert on french politics , but could this be an attempt to co-opt some of the national front 's support ? 
  when they purchase streaming rights from hollywood they only have the right to stream the content in certain countries . 
  your beef should be with the big hollywood studios , not with netflx . 
  with foreign films in us netflix almost never has dubbed versions , and if they do there 's usually an option to switch it to the original language and for subtitles . 
  they are n't . 
  they 're just trying to be deliberate about their expansion plans because each new market does n't figure to be profitable until a few years after launch . 
  they 're really starting to make a lot of money in the u.s. now , but that revenue has to support expansion in fledgling international markets , with enough left over to ( hopefully ) turn a profit quarter to quarter . 
  my family holds stock so i follow the company very , very carefully . 
  netflix does n't have the streaming rights to game of thrones , unfortunately . 
  amazon just signed a deal with hbo to allow it 's users to stream past seasons of hbo shows though . 
  not sure what the availability amazon prime streaming is internationally though . 
  china knows russia needs this badly , and is running out of options . 
  no chance they do n't play hard ball with putin here . 
  or inside ukraine/new russia ... 
  good thing platypus ' ca n't surf the internet , otherwise this comment might hurt their feelings !, 
  the first time i had it was back in the early 90 's as a little kid , when i visited for a family reunion ... 
  i was floored at how delicious it was . 
  it really endeared the country to me at the time haha . 
  although i ca n't say i 'm the biggest fan of irish food in general , you guys have the best ice cream i 've ever had in my life ... and you can buy irish cheese and butter in grocery stores here too ( i regularly spring for the butter , but not the cheese ) . 
  the fresh oysters i had on my last visit were some of the best i 've ever eaten . 
  so you 're telling me there are n't actually any elves in iceland ??? 
  * cancels ticket to iceland *, 
  if only they had saved them from communism too ... 
  he 's tentatively backing elections now , and urging separatists to `` delay '' their own referendum this weekend because he does n't have enough control over eastern ukraine to hold a referendum . 
  he does n't have all his pieces in place yet . 
  the pentagon is saying that no troops have been moved from the border , this is just a tactic to buy putin more time . 
  no , [ u/sweden4life ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/sweden4life ) is - 1 link karma , -156 comment karma . . his comments are just a long string of out-of-context anti-u.s. stuff . 
  that being said , i would n't be surprised if kerry did a little online trolling himself from time to time haha . 
  it 's a troll account . 
  that 's kind of the dirty secret of economics : no one really knows for sure how to stimulate long-term , sustainable growth . 
  you said :  replace `` russia '' with `` the west '' and it would make perfect sense . 
  by doing that it would be `` the west is pursuing an aggressive , influence-expanding program inside the eu and nato as well as outside it . '', 
  '' the united states , having announced a `` pivot '' to asia , needs to `` re-pivot '' to europe '' china is loving this . 
  the eu and nato are `` the west '' lol . 
  i would hope they 're trying to peddle influence within their own polities . 
  the american interest is conservative , but definitely not neocon . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i never said the article was biased , or even gave an opinion on the piece . 
  i just stated that american publications do publish things and employ writers with ant-american biases . 
  it was a response to implication that anti-american bias could n't exist on an american blog . 
  it 's not illegal , and actually very common for people with anti-american biases to write for american publications or even be employed by them . 
  [ um , i think we can do a little better than scantily clad , patriotic tina fey . 
  ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/l0tcnlkqb5un2 ), 
   how can you explain the fact during the last 10 years , the european countries with lower salaries ( spain , portugal , italy , eastern europe ) grew far less than the european countries with high salaries ( norway , sweden , denmark ) . 
  it 's fallacious to automatically associate wages and economic growth - one does not equal the other , economies are much more complex than that . 
  what i believe / u/fgumo was getting it is that labor laws like they have in spain are making the problem worse because they make the labor market overly-rigid , especially in a down economy : the economy is n't expanding at a pace that demands labor , and employers are hesitant to hire anyone because it 's so expensive to let them go . 
  yes , i believe it is . 
  just too fantastical to be true , and it 's april fool 's day .
