  such a tricky , delicate situation over there . 
  honestly , if i were in charge of decisions like these , i have no idea how i would attempt to handle it . 
  i agree . 
  i think they have to be acceptable as bargaining chips , because destruction is the only other option . 
  it 's like if robber - especially in n. korea 's case - has a gun to your head or a knife to your back - options are limited . 
   north korea is starving north korea is starving because it 's a prison state , and they develop nuclear weapons so they can extort the international community so they can maintain their prison state . 
  the rest of what you said is true . 
  geopolitics is not equitable : countries are concerned with their security and prosperity - in that order - above all else . 
  russia turned syria into a modern army . 
   top off the fact russia and iran would likely escalate this conflict to a world war oh , do n't be silly . 
  russia is n't peace keeping though . 
  they 're giving assad weapons . 
  this war might have been over a year ago without russian meddling . 
  everything . 
  good for germany . 
  glad someone is protesting this stuff - it would be great if more americans did . 
  the evidence the u.s. was showing in 2003 was obviously bad at the time . 
  that 's why the only two countries that also had intelligence to back it up were britain and the u.s. germany and france both did not believe it . 
  this time it 's different - all western intelligence agencies differ on the details , but all firmly point the finger at assad on this . 
   i 'm not impressed by this . 
  the writing is on the wall - this is about as concrete evidence as you 're going to find , and it does show beyond a reasonable doubt that assad 's government is responsible . 
  there 's literally hundreds of legitimate reasons to oppose an attack , but continuously trying to assert the evidence is inconclusive just makes you looks silly . 
  excellent read . 
  thanks for posting . 
  hahaha . 
  in that case maybe my boy sasha vujacic , aka the machine , can stand in for him !, 
  this is the most ridiculous comparison i have ever seen haha . 
  detroit is half-vacant wasteland , a huge proportion of the residents are unemployable due to drug and mental-health issues , only 65 % of high schoolers graduate , and i 'm sure the city of detroit would actually pay someone to take much of the vacant housing off their hands . 
  in fact , detroit might have to clear the few people that are left in certain parts of the city , and sell the land to developers who can level it , and build something new - basically the city is going to have to contract , and become much smaller , land-wise . 
  it 's bad there , really bad . 
  germany is not even remotely close to being on the same track as detroit . 
  spiegel should n't be insulting its readers intelligence like this . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  russian dads are drunk off vodka and mean !, 
  i do too . 
  war is a terrible thing . 
  french , british , and american intelligence all basically say the same thing : assad 's regime is solely responsible for the massacre . 
  even if the rebels had somehow gained access to chemical weapons they do n't have the sophisticated technology it takes to weaponize them , and deliver them to the site of the massacre in the manner they were delivered . 
  also , french intelligence indicated that assad bombed the site of the massacre continuously in the days after the chemical attack to destroy evidence ( as an aside , why would assad and the rebels be bombing the same group of civilians ? 
  ) , and did everything they could to delay un weapons inspectors from reaching the site . 
  when kerry , the french , and british talked about a `` high degree of certainty '' they mean that they are 99 % positive assad is responsible . 
  they do n't have video or audio of him ordering the attack , but if this were a trial in the u.s. it would be an open and close case - they are sure well beyond any reasonable doubt that the assad regime is responsible for the attacks . 
  that being said , and despite all that evidence , i think being against any strike is a perfectly justifiable opinion that does n't have to rest on whether assad or the rebels launched the chemical attack . 
  we 're all a little war weary . 
   if assad did use chemical weapons it should be up to the international community to enforce the ban . 
  unfortunately the u.s. and our partner - france - are the only countries capable or willing to enforce the chemical weapons ban . 
  at the end of the day the u.s. is the most powerful country in the world , and along with our post wwii partners , france and britain , we are architects and defenders of the international system . 
  it 's our responsibility to defend it to ensure that our shared ideals and values retain their primacy in the world . 
  or to flash a card with the `` little island 's '' gdp written on it haha . 
  practically , i actually think that the main problem with the plan to bomb syria is absence of any sort of accompanying political dialogue between the west , the assad regime , and the rebels . 
  the hope would be that any sort of bombing would get both sides to the table , otherwise a strike risks sewing more chaos in the country . 
  a lot of that is obama 's fault , imo . 
  he has n't had coherent policy towards syria for two years now . 
  if the west had a better handle on the political situation , the military option could be better used to push assad to the bargaining table . 
  apparently buying drugs online is n't quite as easy at they were hoping to show it was hahaha . 
  shots fired !, 
  now cameron is going to have choose between the , literally , 10,000 easy and legitimate insults one could sling at russia . 
  this is awesome . 
  pahor and obama should get together for a game of 1 on 1 . 
   the reason they are still there is because we care very little about who is or was our king . 
  that 's a joke of an excuse . 
   russia can not hold back the economic power of the eu . 
  yeah , well the eu can not hold back the economic power of armen - wait ... nevermind , not sure where i was going with that . 
  apparently pro-westernization : he wants to see ukraine orient itself with europe because he sees that as the best possible chance for ukraine to acheive european-level living standards . 
  i think he has really strong ties to germany , and apparently has a phd in sports science too . 
  pretty smart guy . 
  [ just watched a pretty cool documentary on both of the brothers . ], 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6w8i_krtgo ), 
   as an end of an era of finnish industrial history there 's of course sad sentiments . 
  i imagine there must be . 
  a country with a population smaller than just of the bay area 's built one of the most dominant companies in the world . 
  it 's equally impressive to see them let go of this business , and refocus like this . 
  usually when a company has so much success in one area they have a hard time letting it go , and hang on to it until it kills them . 
  look at blackberry , for example . 
  and they were never as dominant as nokia . 
  nokia basically divested a business that was in decline in order to refocus itself on the profitable and growing areas of its business . 
  their mobile business was n't coming back , and it 's not going to come back for microsoft either . 
  idiotic pickup for ms , and kudos to nokia for not hanging on to a failing business . 
  the future suddenly looks much brighter for them company this morning . 
  in fairness , they paid way , way too much for skype ( as companies that have run out of original ideas of their own tend to do ) . 
  honestly , i think it 's actually a good deal for nokia . 
  they were able to get something for a business that was is in a very sharp decline , and now they 'll be able to refocus themselves on areas where they remain competitive , and can focus on growing again as a company , rather than scrambling to accomplish the impossible task of becoming relevant again in the mobile phone market . 
  too often companies hang on to flagging businesses well after their profit potential is gone . 
  this is a bold move from nokia , and a brave one to recognize that a big part of their business just was not working , and was n't going to work anytime soon . 
  microsoft , on the other hand , just spent $ 7 billion for a mobile phone business that is in sharp decline , and is losing more of its tiny market share each day . 
  they got fleeced , imo . 
  that 's a rounding error !, 
  lol, 
  long term trajectories can change quickly though , and france has a lot of things going for it still . 
  they 'll figure it out . 
  not to mention that indonesia has a population of more than 240 million people , and greece has a population of 11 million . 
  krugman does this a lot , but these countries have nothing in common and really should n't be compared with one another . 
  for example , i snapped this picture with a crappy phone camera a few year ago . 
  whoever came up with this acronym is obviously a genius lol : http://imgur.com/sz9ggwc, 
  i tend to think he 'll get approval , just cause even though the gop hates obama even more than they hate gay people and abortion , they love to bomb things . 
  it 's an expression . 
  obviously britain will do what it thinks is right for britain . 
  i was just trying to convey that the u.s. should n't feel entitled to uk support . 
  for better or worse , i think this guy really hit on the why the west is doing this :  vincent desportes , a retired french general and former director of the french \u00c9cole de guerre , said that `` the united states and france are truly in the same boat , in the same difficulty , ** and this difficulty is that of the credibility and place of the west in the world . 
  it 's really not that big of a deal .
