   hdi is composed of health and education indexes and gni/capita . 
  do i have to comment why you do n't score points on the first two elements ? 
  everyone receives healthcare in the u.s. ( it 's just a matter of how much it costs , and who pays ) , and our research universities are still far and away the best in the world . 
   considering your economy is geared towards personal spending ( almost everybody in debt ) and your government spending is ridiculous is hdi really an accurate indicator of citizens wellbeing ? 
  ( yes private investments are also high but this is because you have a lot of huge companies that can afford it and as previously argued this can also be a vulnerability ) absolutely it is . 
  we spend because we can , and debt is n't as big of a deal here because we have very generous bankruptcy laws that make it easy to discharge if someone gets in over their head . 
  private investment is n't only high because we have huge companies , it 's because we 're an entrepreneurial society that is constantly reinvesting in itself . 
  it 's not just large companies that invest - it 's small amd medium sized businesses , retirees , families , etc , etc. 
  investing is the national pastime . 
   i 'd pick it , because the future is extremely bright even for the poorest of my countrymen , can you say the same ? 
  absolutely . 
  the u.s. has the most dynamic and innovative economy in the world , and the prospects for the average american reflects that . 
  there are certain trouble spots in the u.s. where prospects for many people are n't that great , but by and large the country is in good health . 
  there 's a reason why the u.s. is rebounding from the financial crisis , and europe is n't . 
  first off , vietnam is a developing country , and any comparisons between it and advanced western economies are erroneous . 
  it 's like comparing apple 's to oranges . 
  second , i see where you 're coming from . 
  you 're stressing the demand side of the equation , and i agree with you somewhat - obviously you need demand within an economy for it to work , but you have to allow for conditions in which businesses can thrive and be profitable - and european economies are doing a bad job at that right now , especially italy , spain , and france . 
  [ for all the criticism the u.s. receives for our economic model you might be surprised to see that we outrank every european country in quality of life ( according to the un 's hdi rakings ) , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index#very_high_human_development ) save for norway which only has a few million people and bunch of oil . 
  outside of detroit and the `` rust belt '' ( as we call it ) in the midwest , most areas of the u.s are competitive and doing fine . 
  hollande is an empty headed animal food trough wiper !, 
  i fart in his general direction !, 
  his mother was a hamster and his father smelt of elderberries !, 
  how has the eu withstood the financial crisis better that china or the u.s. ? 
  the eu is still contracting , the u.s. and china are growing . 
  if you do n't have a competitive economy it wo n't be able to adapt to changing business climates , and before you know it business and people are leaving - like in detroit . 
  the well being of any given country 's citizens is absolutely tied to its competitiveness in attracting and supporting businesses that create jobs for the working class . 
  if you 're not competitive , there 's no jobs , and no tax revenue . 
  everyone suffers . 
  regardless of their fault , the eu does need to become more competitive . 
  they 're looking more and more like the [ city of detroit . ], 
  ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/07/18/detroit-prepares-bankruptcy-filing-friday/2552819/ ), 
  there 's not going to be any work left for the workers if the eu continues on the path it 's on right now . 
  [ if you think the u.s. is secretly controlling europe you might want to schedule an appointment with a psychologist . ], 
  ( http://psychcentral.com/encyclopedia/2008/paranoid-delusion/ ), 
  this will definitely work . 
  go for it , guys . 
  that 's still more references on the front page than any eu country except germany , spain or the uk . 
  it seems like every day there 's a new post complaining about something the u.s. is doing - it 's an obsession of this sub . 
  for a european sub there sure is a lot of discussion about the u.s. here . 
  good , now they should copy chapter 7 - that 's my favorite haha . 
  i 'm sorry you 're upset that people settle their disputes using the legal system here sometimes , or that you hate rock and roll , blues , and elvis presley so much , but it 's really not my problem . 
  i would suggest find a german version of reddit where you can complain - you might get more sympathy there . 
  in the past i 've always been under the impression that germans somewhat liked american culture and music - even the stuff we produce , but make fun of - [ like the hoff . ], 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zxiclnk8oe ), 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're getting at . 
  this is an american website with a majority of american users , that tend to focus on issues affecting americans . 
  how is that superficial ? 
  it 's reality . 
  one of the big reasons the u.s. has so many start ups is because it 's pretty easy to discharge your debt in bankruptcy here , where in a country like france , for instance , it can take years and years to discharge your debt - if you 're able to do it at all . 
  if you 're going start a business in europe you better be damn sure it 's going to make money , otherwise you are in for a very bad time . 
  the u.s. does n't really offer any incentives for software companies , we make it easy to start a business , and bankruptcy laws are very lenient here too . 
  i know a lot of people making very good livings working for google , facebook or even just doing freelance work for different websites . 
   reddit is also too american for my taste . 
  reddit is an american website , based in san francisco . 
  sooo ... 
  sorry for not being more sensitive to your need for attention ? 
   as an american , i usually just treat all the america-centric subreddits as a nice chuckle and return to more specific hobby/education-based subreddits . 
  i apologize for our over-representation , though . 
  a truly global internet population would be nice to have . 
  this comment makes you look like a giant tool . 
  you realize that , right ? 
  [ he may be referring to this video that was posted in the muslims-in-europe thread from yesterday . ], 
  ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xsknaq_femme-de-la-rue-sexism-in-the-streets-of-brussels-english-subtitles_webcam#.ue2jjqycful ), 
  if greece leaves the euro does that mean no one will ever use the term `` grexit '' again ? 
  home of the best race track ( auto ) in the world . 
  honestly , i think it 's more a matter of self-selection . 
  we get muslims that come here to work - because they know they 'll be homeless if they do n't - and the muslims we get tend to really want to be here , because it 's a much longer journey to the u.s. 
  no , people who ca n't manage to take care of themselves are losers . 
  what do you mean the way americans do ? 
  there 's almost no friction between the islamic population and the native population here . 
  `` brotato ? '', 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  what do you mean , `` as an american ? '', 
  are you attempting to make a sweeping generalization ? 
  now that is stupid . 
  who said your opinion was n't allowed ? 
  i just said it was fucking stupid . 
  it 's a dumb opinion - and really not worth sharing . 
  you might not be a troll , but you 're definitely a dumb motherfucker . 
  gtfo . 
  i wonder how they sort through all that data ... 
  there must be words and phrases they flag or something . 
  i think westward expansion did n't so much as solidify american identity , but created it . 
  at the time of the revolution the american colonies were overwhelmingly british , but as the u.s. expanded west immigrants from all over europe arrived here to claim their piece of the new world . 
  european immigrants would generally settle in towns that were overwhelmingly populated by their countrymen , but would generally integrate into the wider population within a few generations . 
  i 'm not sure a space project would be a magic bullet for europeans , but further integration is definitely something you guys can do . 
  i mean you 've done it before - europe already created the u.s. , after all . 
  western expansion was also a grand project for us - and actually one of the big reasons we wanted independence from england . 
  weighted median income is actually better , because just averaging out gdp and weighting it for price levels leaves a lot to be desired - especially in a country like russia , which has a lot inequality . 
  i mean , russia definitely does not have as high of living standards as germany does , even though their gdp ( ppp ) is higher . 
  i will agree with you , however , that russia has made a tremendous amount of progress in the past decade , and has an incredible amount of economic potential that you guys can still realize . 
  [ self-driving cars are only going to lead to this ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1bdqcj2zyy ), 
   germany 's per-capita gdp ( ppp ) is much higher than russia 's and will be for a long time . 
  if you actually read what i wrote you 'll see find that 's exactly what i said . 
  my contention was that it 's stupid to use gdp ( ppp ) to determine the size of an economy - that 's not what it 's used for - you use nominal gdp . 
  russia ranks well below the oecd average income levels when you use median household income , which is the proper metric to use if you 're attempting measure russian household wealth . 
  gdp ( ppp ) is great for getting a rough measurement of a nation 's purchasing power - i.e. 
  price levels within a country - but that 's about it . 
  we 're not doing a whole lot to help either side right now - last i heard france and the uk were , though .
