  it 's really not something most people have even formed an opinion on . 
   the dollar is far from being an ideal place to store wealth with the fiscal irresponsibility of the us ' government . 
  the dollar is indeed a less than ideal place to store wealth , but its still the best place to store it given the problems the euro is having , and that fact that china 's currency is n't ready yet . 
   define `` threat '' . 
  being that there 's a lot of those who oppose the dollar 's dominance , merely serving as an alternative is enough to be considered a threat . 
  a threat would be something that challenges the dollars role as the overwhelming choice for most holders of foreign currencies , which it still is right now . 
  the euro encompasses a market larger than the dollar 's , with more people , so of course it 's going to take up a good chunk of reserves . 
  it 's a testament to its perceived instability that it does n't command more . 
   ditto for $ . 
  the dollar is n't trying to establish itself though , like the euro is . 
  there 's still a lot of fear that the euro wo n't be around in a few years . 
  it 's not viewed as a stable currency right now , and subsequently a less than ideal place to store wealth . 
  the eu is such a large market that of course it 's going to command a large portion of the world 's reserves , but it 's not anywhere close to being a threat to the dollar . 
  euro reserves account for less of the world 's total than they did 10 years ago , and considerably less than in 2009 . 
  the tea party is a problem , but a very small faction of people . 
  they 'll be dealt with accordingly by mainstream gop donors and leaders . 
  no one that matters . 
  how about that ? 
  the us is more concerned with the eu being able to keep the monetary union together right now . 
  the euro is n't anywhere close to being a threat to the dollar right now or at any-point in the foreseeable future . 
  the currency 's credibility has been too badly damaged over the past few years . 
   the us does n't want a single power to dominate the european continent like the usa is dominating the north american continent . 
  the us does n't care who runs europe as long as its peaceful , prosperous , and an ally . 
   why do you think the usa got involved during both world wars ? 
  our contributions and involvement in the ww1 was brief and nominal , and if you recall the u.s. was bombed by japan in ww2 , then germany declared war on us . 
  besides , germany violently conquering an entire country and committing genocide really is n't the same thing as closer eu political integration . 
  okay , thanks for clarifying . 
   forces in the us always like the europe project to fail . 
  that 's not true . 
  `` forces in the us '' care about money - particularly making money . 
  that 's why we all came here in the first place . 
  the eu as a single market is better for us if we want to make money . 
  no one here sees the eu as any sort of threat to our economic or geopolitical primacy , anyways . 
  are roma refereed to as `` tinkers '' in ireland , or are tinkers actual irish people ? 
  a fake name and a fake email address is n't going to hide your identity online haha . 
  still , i do n't know many apple users who actually use safari . 
  and reddit ? 
  amazing that you know so much about the u.s. identity , without being an american !, 
  it is true about the constitutional ideas , but u.s. identity - in the 21st century at least - is not based on `` adherence '' to those ideas . \\, 
  that 's not really true . 
  most of the world lives with and experiences the effects of imperialism every single day though . 
  even modern nation-states - from asia to the middle-east to the americas - are products of imperialism . 
  much of it was horrible and gruesome , but it happened , so let us celebrate our diversity in the present . 
  excellent point , i did n't even notice that haha . 
  here 's a [ more substantive , article on it , with a different map . 
  ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/archaeology-the-milk-revolution-1.13471 ) the map does n't show the the americas , iceland or greenland , however . 
  [ for those wondering , here 's the wiki on brazil 's racial composition . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_brazil#racial_composition ) white brazilians apparently make up 47 % of the population . 
  i call that circle : [ `` the circle of lactose intolerance . 
  this was the prevalent thinking in latin-america for most of the 20th century , and look where it got them : poverty , oligarchies , bloated states , and industries that are competitive only domestically because the state restricts competition . 
  for example , take a look at how much the average mexican pays for a mobile phone . 
  insulating industries from competition is a great recipe for creating uncompetitive industries , not developing them . 
  irish-americans . 
  sorry , no time do get in to this with you today . 
  many americans are furious about our overseas adventures , including myself . 
  anyone . 
  they raised cash from drunk irish-americans in bars . 
  it 's not a stereotype , it 's what happened . 
   maybe boston got its just deserts . 
  anyone who cheers the maiming and killing of innocent people is scum . 
  most of the ira funding came from libya , colombia , cuba , etc. . .  you ca n't expect people to forget about decades of funding coming from a corner of america where people absolutely hate our country , or for them to forgive them obviously there 's a lot of irish in america that did n't forget what the british government did to them and their families . 
  also , to call the ira `` boston financed '' is a fucking bullshit exaggeration . 
  that should n't happen to anyone , but i do n't see why that suddenly makes little kids , and innocent bystanders , having their limbs blown off okay . 
  10-year old boys having their feet blown off is n't fucking `` poetic justice . '', 
  good point . 
  i tagged it as such . 
  sorry , i was posting this for u/wormyapple and u/w00ster , because this sort of stuff apparently gives both of them a hard-on . 
  whoever said i thought anything was funny , asshole ? 
  [ poetic justice ? ], 
  ( http://www.bagnewsnotes.com/files/2013/04/boston-marathon-bombing-victim-john-tlumacki.jpg ) nsfw, 
  people deserved to have their limbs blown off because a few drunk irish people stuffed some loose cash into a hat at a bar in the 90 's ? 
  fuck you too , pos . 
  oxygen subsidies ? 
  dammit , why did n't we think of that ? 
  [ fuck you , monster . 
  this is what happens , boeing , when you ca n't make a plane that does n't spontaneously combust when you try to fly it !, 
  fuck you . 
  i just read that there 's like more than 1000 breweries being planned by various private groups at the moment , and each year about 1000 open up ... now i would be willing to bet that most of those breweries brew some pretty damn bad beer , but some of the good ones are pretty amazing ... 
  pound for pound germans still has got ta be considered the best brewers in the world . 
  just went to an oktoberfest thing at [ this place in ny ] ( http://www.loreleynyc.com/beer.html ) and was in heaven . 
  trader joe 's is the greatest supermarket in the history of supermarkets as far as quality and pricing ( for food and beer ) . 
  it 's actually german owned , however . 
  i would go with coors lite before natty - soooo watery . 
  absolutely . 
  in the 90 's we granted gerry adams a 48 hour visa to visit the u.s. ... 
  there 's so many irish-americans in the u.s. that there was n't a lot of sympathy for britain having to endure all the bombings , and allowing him to travel here was actually politically advantageous domestically . 
  there was a serious amount of antipathy towards britain from irish-americans back then ( still is in many places , in fact ) . 
  in fact , good chance the u.s. gets in the war sooner if it were n't for so many irish-americans in congress who did n't want anything to do with being britain 's ally . 
   the british are tough . 
  do n't be misled by the british tendency to be soft-spoken and polite . 
  if they need to be , they can be plenty tough . 
  the english language did n't spread across the oceans and over the mountains and jungles and swamps of the world because these people were panty-waists . 
  panty-waists ? 
  hahaha !, 
  short term is all i need . 
  what girl can resist a retired american astronaut that 's dedicated his life to curing cancer and bringing drinkable water to the 3rd world ? 
  i do have game , but it 's only because i perfected [ this look . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-hxepcwd0aka/twfjpdwww1i/aaaaaaaaae8/xnkvzgghgd4/s1600/blue_steel_by_benstiller_love_club.jpg ) the ladies ca n't get enough of it !, 
  thanks for chiming in , buddy . 
   i 'm not certain unbridled shameless opportunism will be perceived as attractive around here that 's where deception comes into play , my friend .
