  that probably says a lot more about the u.s. than it does the netherlands though haha . 
  * sigh * i have dutch ancestry , which is why i know this . 
  in the u.s. we refer to it as pigs as well , but we generally swap in italy for ireland mainly because we all love ireland here haha . 
  what language do you think i was going to check it in , jackass ? 
  did you think i was going to look it up in swedish ? 
  lol !, 
  there 's lots of entries where you might find definitions for what was being discussed in the thread - social liberalism or economic liberalism being just two of them . 
  so when i ask you where you found it , and you just say `` english , '' it 's a little fucking reductive , do n't you think ? 
  unbelievable ... 
  i have tried it , which is why i 'm asking for a link . 
  here 's the english wikipedia page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_language either you 're full of shit or an idiot . 
  my guess is that it 's both . 
  the english wikipedia had an explanation of what social liberal and fiscally liberal were ? 
  i would like to see a link to that . 
  what says english ? 
  you 're talking gibberish , buddy . 
  what do you mean by `` your wikipedia ? '', 
  the unites states ' wikipedia page ? 
  i can only assume that you 're getting at the difference in how the words `` liberal ' and `` conservative '' are used in the us and and the uk when it comes to economic ideology ... 
  but point that was being argued was the distinction people in the uk and the us make between social and fiscal policy , and more specifically that we tend to view welfare and entitlements as a fiscal matter , and not a social matter . 
  wikipedia is a respected and infallible authority , as we all know . 
  not necessarily , it depends on what sort of business you 're getting in to . 
  besides , do n't these natives have friends or family members that will give them loans ? 
  you seem to be suggesting that immigrants are actually at an advantage when it comes to starting businesses or making a living . 
  my point is that people pull themselves up out of poverty everyday , all it takes is some industriousness and hard work . 
  i 'm not saying we should get rid of welfare or anything , but the prospects of the lower class are not as bad as you make them out to be . 
  * edited for typos, 
  maybe start their own small business ? 
  immigrants with very little in way of education do it everyday in their new countries . 
  they could clean houses , landscape yards , all sorts of things . . maybe even work out a way to go to school , and get some sort job training . 
  there 's plenty of things that low-skilled workers can do besides work in factories , but it takes the desire to get up off your ass and make something of your life . 
  in the uk and the us `` socially liberal '' means you 're for more lenient policies on things like same-sex marriage , abortion , drug use , etc. . 
  things like welfare and entitlement programs are thought of as fiscal issues since they involve redistribution of wealth , rather than just government acceptance of lifestyle choices . 
  yeah , but his hair is always messed up , and he 's really clumsy in a funny sort of way . 
  that would be my guess at least haha . 
  you should read before commenting . 
  shut up , jackass . 
  look dude , you can look up all the wikipedia definitions you want , but if you 're going to spout this leftist garbage like it 's 1925 you should be prepared to a ) not be taken seriously , and b ) be made fun of for it . 
  i hope it does n't get too popular . 
  in my experience it 's 100x worse than heroin . . 
  i saw a lot of kids i grew up with get addicted , and ruin their lives . . 
  it 's an all consuming drug . . 
  when you 're addicted it eats away at your mind and your body until you 're just a shell of a human being ... [ this slideshow is a pretty good example ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/2300-204_162-10014847.html ) . 
  both the milkman and jeekii are correct : you are an idiot , and in all likilhood at least a little bit retarded ... and to answer your question ... you should n't bother . 
  tomorrow morning go ahead and do us all a favor and stay in bed . 
  i 've wondered for a while , is meth ( crystal methamphetamine , not just amphetamines ) a big problem drug in europe ? 
  here it 's almost been an epidemic for the past decade . 
  a week does n't go by that i do n't hear about some meth-makers house blowing up . 
  fast growing and well managed economy . 
  we 're also aware of paul krugman 's hate for estonia ( although most american economists love estonia , and use it as an example of prudent macroeconomic and fiscal management ) . 
  other than that i know that it looks like a fun place to party in the summer . 
  if you 're so concerned about it being an official document would n't `` satellite navigation '' be better than satnav ? 
   it 's pretty clear that inequality and poverty has a close relationship with crime . 
  you just cut one of my sentences in half , and took it out of context . . let me put it in all caps so maybe you can understand a little better . 
  `` the gini coefficient is simply a measure of income inequality , it has nothing to do with poverty or crime . '', 
  do you see how that statement was specific to what the gini coefficient - as a statistic - measures ? 
  further , i would argue poverty causes crime , not inequality by itself . 
   if you 're generalizing europe has several times the population and a slightly larger geographic area . 
  we do have fairly similar levels of welfare across the board . 
  again , if you actually read what i wrote i said `` any country in western europe , '' not the entirety of western europe . 
  the eu is n't close to being a cohesive state like the u.s. is , despite sharing a market and a currency . 
   it 's how you finance it . 
  we finance it mostly through state and local sales taxes , state income taxes , state , county and city property taxes , and municipal and state-wide bond measures . 
  it depends on the state though . 
   i 'm not sure statistics agree with you in that regards . 
  [ 83 % of americans have health insurance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/health_insurance_coverage_in_the_united_states ) [ 65 % of americans own their own homes ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-04-30/u-s-home-vacancies-fell-in-first-quarter-from-prior-year.html ) [ median household income is just over $ 51,000 annually ] ( http://www.aei-ideas.org/2013/03/us-median-annual-income-falls-1-1-in-february-down-6-since-the-start-of-the-recovery/ ) [ as of 2006 11 % of american children attended private schools , 89 % attend public schools ] ( http://wiki.answers.com/q/what_percentage_of_students_attend_private_schools_in_the_us ) * edited for typos, 
  first of all , i have n't down voted anything . 
  second of all , the gini coeffceient is simply a measure of income inequality , it has nothing to do with poverty or crime . 
   which is my point exactly , that does n't result in equal access . 
  it does result in equal access if your goal is to transfer x amount of money to a family . 
  it seems like you 're arguing that tax credits are n't real spending because they would n't allow for an expansive western european welfare state - which is true . 
  of course we do n't want a expansive welfare state here - at least one that is federally administered . 
  we 're much more populous and diverse country than any country in western europe , so there tends to be a lot more cultural upheaval . . 
  this is one of the reasons why it 's hard to agree on a more generous social contract , at least at the federal level . 
  also , i 'm not quite sure what you 're getting at with the kindergarten thing . . every child in the u.s. is also guaranteed an education - kindergarten through high school - and pretty much every state has public , state run pre-schools anyone can send their kids to . 
  this does n't even take into account the loads of community-based non-profit organizations help out with this sort of stuff as well . 
  so yes , all american mothers have free options for childcare from before their children ever start school , until their children become legal adults at 18 . 
  as far as how our welfare state actually works , most direct spending on programs happen at the state and local municipality level . 
  the state or city may get some money from the federal government in the form of grants , but most educational , health , and other well-being programs are largely funded and administered through states and cities . 
  as far as the u.s. being a balanced society , it will never be as balanced as western europe . 
  this is a country of over 300 million people who all arrived here fairly recently . 
  a lot of the poverty stems from immigrant groups ( which we still receive a lot of ) - and poverty tends to be very fluid , meaning people fall into and out of poverty all the time . 
  there is , however , a basic living standard that our welfare state guarantees . 
  it 's not a generous as western europe , but it 's all that a country made up of 500 different countries can agree on at this point . 
  and finally , you seem to be characterizing the u.s. as some sort place where everyone is living either very rich , or struggling to get by , and that 's just not the case . 
  most people in this country are middle income home owners , who send their kids to public schools ( which are free ) and receive health care through their jobs . 
  it 's a broadly middle-class country , and at the same time a very large and complex country . 
  also depends on what you eat , how processed the food is and what not . 
  i 've only spent significant time in french and irish grocery stores , and i liked them ... well actually , in ireland it was kind of hard to find a decent grocery store that did n't sell almost nothing but junk food , but then again i may have just not known where to look . 
  i love the grocery stores in france mainly because they seem to have as many kinds of cheese as americans grocery stories have cereal haha ... and i love my cheese , dammit . 
  also cheap wine from grocery stores in france is much , much better than cheap wine from grocery stores in the u.s. 
  yeah , what the guy below me said : wal-mart is n't the best example of a grocery store here . . 
  i think i should point out that americans shop at their neighborhood grocery stores too , it 's just that ours are enormous . 
  for example , i can choose between three giant grocery stores within a 2 minute drive in either direction from my house , and two smaller health food stores ... 
  i think we just really , really enjoy eating a lot of food here . . 
  hence all the obese people . 
  generally we put bread and cereal on different aisles , and there 's typically many different kind of bread as well . . you can also choose to shop at giant health food grocery stores too . 
  tax credits are a spending program though , and since many of them are refundable they do apply equally to all citizens . 
  the only difference is that high income families will end up getting a smaller tax bill , while lower income families will receive money back . . 
  it does n't matter if welfare is being distributed through the tax code or through direct cash transfers , it 's money that the government is spending .
