  it does n't matter if they 're selling directly to europe or if they 're selling to china - they 'll find a buyer at rate set by the markets . 
  it 's astounding that more people do n't know how commodity markets function . 
  it 's pretty simple fucking stuff . 
  well , they 're long dead now . 
  it 's basically from what they told me before they died , and writings they left behind . 
  without getting to in depth - because i 'm short on time today - catholics just were n't treated very well . 
  i 'm 55 , both my grandfathers on my mother 's side emigrated around the turn of the century . 
   what part of my comment history makes me a troll ? 
  all of it ? 
  my relatives who emigrated when it was still british do n't have quite as rosy of a story to tell . 
  no , it 's ad hominem . 
  you think things were better for ireland when it was part of the uk ? 
  so they 're wrong about this because the same organization has been wrong about a few other things over the years ? 
  [ this , my friend , is what we call a non-sequitur ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non_sequitur_ ( logic ), 
  [ evo morales is a pretty big scumbag . . hopefully someone gave him a cavity search too ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/bolivia/8043429/evo-morales-caught-kneeing-player-in-groin-during-football-match.html ), 
  a brit accusing the us of being `` imperialist '' is a bit rich , ya know ? 
  i would imagine it would use more energy , but not nearly enough to make not be viable economically speaking . 
  it does , however , cost more to extract . 
  basically oil prices have to be at about $ 30 - $ 35 for shale to be profitable ... 
  so right now it 's extremely profitable . 
  it 's not a question of being * allowed * to . 
  countries will act to defend or advance their interests . 
  but i would n't be surprised or outraged if either government was doing that . 
  give me a break . 
  9/11 could have been prevented at many points along the way . 
  it could have been prevented by passengers on the plains , tsa , the flight schools , etc , etc , etc. 
  the point is to identify terrorists before they get here . 
  a national defense strategy of closely monitoring flight schools probably is n't going work , buddy . 
   the usa have not included in their statistics their shale oil . . [ the absence of shale is extremely significant ] ( http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424127887324049504578541601909939628.html ) . 
  with shale oil we 're closer to the top of the list . 
  within the next few years we 'll actually be the largest oil producer in the world . 
  no , i think the neo-cons surrounding bush were guilty of some seriously misguided strategic thinking . 
  there 's also a very influential israeli lobby in the u.s. that wanted us to deal with hussein because israel felt threatened by him ( and for fairly good reasons ) . 
  i think oil did play a part , but only in that a lot of neo-cons actually thought they could make the region - and our energy security - more secure by installing a democracy in iraq ( this goes back to the bad strategic thinking ) . 
  basically there was a bunch of bad reasons for why we went to iraq , but to just say `` the u.s. went there to steal their oil , '' is not only overly simplistic and not true , but it does us all a disservice . 
  the reasons the u.s. went to war were numerous and complex , and they should be acknowledged so the u.s. - or any other country - does n't make the same mistake in starting a war like that again . 
  i do n't subscribe to / r/politics , and more than 300 million people live in this country - dispersed throughout disparate regions with their own distinct cultures and mores - so i 'm not going to pretend i can categorize their naivete ( and neither should you ) . 
  nor can i comment on europeans in general , for the same reasons . 
  i can comment on this sub , however , since it 's relatively small and i follow it fairly regularly . 
   there is a lot of general naivete in this subreddit about the whole scandal . 
  the naivete is mind-boggling , really . 
  [ do n't forget black & tans ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_and_tans ) . 
  three of the 9/11 terrorists were radicalized in germany . 
  so yes , the u.s. is absolutely trying to find threats in europe - and in every other region of the world - before they make their way to the u.s. 
  the u.s. government does not have any interest in random redditor , laying on his couch in his underwear , looking at porn . 
  they 're looking for threats to the u.s. security interests . 
  if terrorists that came to your country from the u.s. and flew three planes into your country 's most iconic buildings and killed a bunch of people , your government would absolutely be doing everything they could to gather intelligence on americans in america that they thought might become a threat . 
  depends on what sort of democrat actually . 
  most midwestern and southern democrats would definitely be on the right in any european country , but most coastal democrats would be on the left in pretty much any country in the world . 
  we only obviously only have two parties , but variances in opinion within the parties tends to be pretty wide , depending on the geographic region . 
  i think the issue with american foreign policy is that our intelligence bureaucracies are so entrenched that even as presidents come and go , the people who feed the president information - the analysts and their bosses - stay the same . 
  so at the end of the day you end up getting a similar foreign policy . . bush obviously was much more aggressive with his foreign policy for a number of pretty poor reasons ( in my opinion ) , but obama 's has n't actually been much different than clinton 's or george bush sr. . from an american standpoint , the scary thing is how 9/11 really seemed to radicalize the republican party . 
  if you ever watch republican presidential primary debates the foreign policy part always devolves into who loves israel the most and who will drop the biggest bomb on iran . 
  it 's terrifying , although i suspect that the reckless rhetoric is aimed more at solidifying support in the party , and that if they were actually elected their foreign policy would be more moderated . 
  i would hope at least . 
   after a monumental financial crises , the us has not gone on full panic mode and are doing pretty well . 
  not by our standards . 
  if unemployment is n't under 5 % people freak out . 
  britain and france could n't even set up a no-fly zone by themselves in libya . 
  the only reason we even got involved with that conflict was because the european countries did n't have the capabilities to get it done by themselves . 
  france did a decent job in mali , but there is n't a european country that has the capability to act quickly on a global scale right now . 
  i never said we went to war for righteous reasons , just that it was n't over oil . 
  where are you from ? 
  i would love to know so i can write some insulting stereotypes about your country on the internet . 
  also , it 's [ * emigrated * ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/emigrated ) not [ * immigrated * ] ( http://grammar.quickanddirtytips.com/emigrate-or-immigrate.aspx ), 
  again , that 's simplistic and stupid . 
  how about the job you guys did in brazil ? 
  the us did not say that hacking was an act of war , they said it * can * be an act of war if it attacked infrastructure , cost u.s. lives , etc , etc. 
  you 're suggesting we invaded iraq for the small amount of oil that they have . 
  it 's a pretty stupid suggestion , but i get it . 
  no , until they stop trading with us . 
  more than iraq has , actually . 
  you think china needs to be liberated ? 
  i absolutely would not say that we 're the only country that 's doing it . 
  every major european power is gathering intelligence on their own citizens , and foreign citizens as they believe it relates to their security concerns . 
  this is how nations have always operated , it 's just that technology has given them new tools . 
  the problem with our allies telling us to fuck off is that at the present moment we have a very one-sided security alliance . 
  america basically guarantees the security of europe through nato . 
  they ca n't tell us to go fuck off until they actually invest in their own defense to the point that they have capable militaries . 
  countries spy on each other . 
  european countries are spying on the u.s. right now - and they should be . 
  i do n't get where the shock and outrage is coming from . 
  the us government never declared hacking an act of war . 
  we would be bombing china now if we did . 
  do n't be so melodramatic . 
  no , problems obviously do n't solve themselves , but ireland has proven pretty good at managing their small economy . 
  for instance , the reason they have so many multinationals there , and why they 're such a magnet for foreign direct investment , is because they were able to combine a business-friendly tax and regulatory regime * and * get their universities to work closely with companies like intel , for example , to make sure they 're graduating students with the skills multinationals needed in order to base operations there . 
  obviously the country is having a tough time right now , but they did come a very far way in a very short time using that export model - they still have one of the highest per capita gdp 's in the world - it 's just a matter of plugging the holes that have emerged in the celtic model with something that 's more sustainable . 
  it can take a while , but it 's very doable . 
  the challenges ireland faces are nearly as daunting as they are for greece , spain or portugal because unlike those countries the irish economy is actually competitive . 
  ireland is such an export driven economy that they 're always going to struggle when the eu and the us are struggling . 
  also , in the past a lot of economic growth was driven by housing and construction ( accounted for something like 15 % of the economy as recently as 2006 ) , so over time they 'll have to develop industries that can fill the hole the construction boom left , but more sustainably . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be able to do that though . 
  bottom line : ireland will be fine , just give it time . 
  hmm , you 're right , although i suspect that cameron is n't much of a tough guy himself . 
  we 're gon na have to find a way to handicap this though . 
  let 's say that rajoy gets to use a [ night stick ] ( http://store.gomed-tech.com/military-police-nightstick-p927.aspx?utm_medium=cse&amp;utm_source=googlebase&amp;gclid=cl_aya3jhlgcfwkcqgodiwka1g ) , while cameron has to use his bare hands . 
  technically british , but i think it would be best for all parties involved if cameron and rajoy just boxed for it . 
  put it on pay per view and make a little money off it , and use the money to help out the unemployed ... 
  politicians would finally be doing something productive .
