  it 's kinda like dating a german chick . '', 
  just out of curiosity , what 's so peculiar about it ? 
  i 've never heard that stereotype , and i would find it hard to believe that anyone who has ever been to germany or met many german women would propagate it . 
  i would put germany high up on the list of best looking women of any country i 've visited . 
   indeed we did but unlike the usa , we actually stayed and ran the countries improving them as well as benefitting from them , not just invading them , completely destroying the infrastructure and then just walking away to leave it in a state of civil war . 
  that 's an interesting defense of colonialism , but if that 's actually what the u.s. did we would have left iraq in 2004 , and would have been out of afghanistan before even going in to iraq - and again , britain was a major participant in both of those conflicts . 
  there were plenty of civil wars in countries that the european powers created in africa and latin-america after control was ceded to local authorities . 
   not by the will of the people . 
  it cost a prime minister his political career . 
  the iraq war cost the republicans control of congress in 2006 , and probably the presidency in 2008 . 
  1 ) you guys spent a few hundred years doing nothing but invading countries . 
  2 ) last i checked britain was right by our side invading iraq and afghanistan . 
  whoa , what 's your problem ? 
  never mind , i misread what you had written . 
  my mistake . 
  governance options in that a country did not include a group of people that were lgbt or women 's - rights friendly . 
  to be fair , france has always been more active in n. africa than we have . 
  you should n't . 
  it 's offensive , just as that stupid joke the american kid attempted was offensive . 
  obviously the u.s. did n't experience nearly as much trauma and devastation as european nations did during the wars but there were still well over a million causalities - not to mention hundreds of thousands of holocaust survivors and their families live in the u.s. - and it remains a touchy subject here as well . 
   the world wars are n't just a matter of waving a flag on veteran day and celebrating how we `` safed '' the world for us and shouting ` merica . 
  do you really think that 's how the world wars are remembered and commemorated in the u.s. ? 
  european countries are able to borrow money in their own currency though , that 's not the case with latin-american countries in the 80 's and 90 's . 
  the macroeconomic situations in each area makes the dynamics of a debt crises wholly different . 
  every country in latin-america is considered a developing country by the imf and world bank . 
  excellent insight . 
  i 'm not sure the latin-american debt crises of the 80 's ( or the 90 's ) are comparable to what 's going on with the euro now . 
  i mean , i guess the eu could adopt the u.s. dollar as their currency like ecuador did , but that 's probably a pretty bad idea , and will definitely never happen . 
  it 's pretty difficult to compare low-income and high-income economies . 
  the fundamentals driving debt crises , recessions , unemployment , etc. 
  are entirely different . 
  there 's not a lot of lessons for europe to learn from latin-america - both areas respective economies are at vastly differing stages of economic development . 
  that 's not what the court ruling said , and where the ticket was sold is not irrelevant , obviously . 
  if you engage in commerce inside any country you open yourself up to legal liability . 
  i think here there are instances where if you sue and lose here you have to pay the fees for the defendants lawyer , but the winner would have to sue , and start an entirely new lawsuit to do that . 
  it 's very rare that that happens though . 
  am i mistaken , or under uk law is n't there some sort of possible consequences if you sue someone but lose ? 
  the lobby for them here is pretty strong in washington - especially among democrats . 
  john edwards , who was almost our vice-president back in 2004 made a fortune as an ambulance chaser . 
  the ticket was sold inside the united states , where the united states does in fact have jurisdiction . 
  it 's a very complex concept , i know . 
  if they lost and refused to pay the company would lose considerable access to international debt markets - any bonds or overnight loans that at some point passed through a u.s. financial institution could be seized . 
  it would probably be very difficult for them to sell tickets inside the u.s. and they would be unable to borrow money from american-based financial institutions , which would be a huge deal for a company that manages infrastructure like \u00d6bb personenverkehr does . 
  the ruling did n't indicate any crime had occurred - or even imprudence on the part of the railroad . 
  all the ruling is saying is that the railroad can be challenged in court in the u.s. because they sold the ticket to her in the u.s. ( through a broker ) . 
   she probably signed away her right to sue to some lawyers , who sue at their own risk , but will keep  50 % of the damages in case of winning ( or setteling , which is probably more common ) . 
  we refer those sorts of lawyers derisively as `` ambulance chasers '' here . 
  it 's very easy to file a lawsuit in the u.s. . you could sue any company you wanted to in the u.s. from sweden . 
  it might be thrown out immediately , but it 's easy to do . 
  in this case the court ruling is saying that since the train operator was selling tickets inside the u.s. ( through a broker ) it can be sued in the u.s. 
  i doubt the lawsuit will go anywhere - but if you engage in commerce in any country there 's a possibility you open yourself up to legal liability . 
  france still has strong ties to their french speaking former colonies - les r\u00e9seaux - and with the exception of the last 15 years or so they 've always been extremely active in that area of the world . 
  if they started policing other parts of africa , the middle-east , and started getting more involved in the china-japan tensions stuff then you could call them a global policeman , but not if they continue only focus on their former colonies . 
  the executive branch negotiates them , and the legislature votes on them - although often presidents are given what 's called `` fast track negotiating authority '' which prevents the legislature from amending the deals or filibustering them . 
  when the deal is passed by the house and the senate it 's given back to the president to sign into law . 
  since rodgers is in the house there 's very little he could do to prevent the bill from being passed , since they vote on a simple majority rules basis . 
  if the bill was going to be held up it would be in the senate , but i do n't think republicans have ever seen a trade bill they did n't want to pass . 
  i would be more concerned with democrats holding this up , and for reasons unrelated to snowden . 
   go fuck yourself , mike rogers . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  not sure one representative from michigan really counts as the u.s. threatening the european parliament . 
  the house of representatives is made up of 435 crazy people , who have no role in negotiating trade pacts , and minimal oversight in setting foreign policy outside of voting for aid or to go to war . 
  the house would have to vote on the trade-pact , but the notion that snowden would hold it up is n't realistic . 
  russia wants to let everyone know how big ( and not gay ) their dick is . 
  you stated in your original comment that the u.s. still has anti-gay laws on the books - all i 'm asking you to do is clarify what those laws are . 
  i 'm not making any sort of comparison to russia , or even commenting on russia . 
  i know what the russian law is , i 'm just not aware of any similar laws in any u.s. states that are constitutional or even enforced . 
  i think there 's some anti-sodomy laws in some southern states that have been on the books for a very long time , but even if states wanted to enforce them they would n't be able to because those sorts of rights are protected under federal law . 
   anti gay laws on the books in many states . 
  besides not allowing gay marriage or civil unions , what sort of anti-gay laws exist in the us ? 
   reawakened quite a few cold warriors mccain is a cold warrior that never went to sleep haha . 
  the guy has never seen a war he did n't like - which is weird because he spent four years being tortured in a vietnamese prison so you would think he would be a bit more dovish . 
  if there 's one thing john mccain hates besides vietnamese prison guards , it 's russia . 
  in the u.s. they do , and they 're extremely aggressive about it . 
  more so than than hollywood . 
   they are particularly concerned that the dutch food inspectorate nvva has privatised control of the dairy sector and want this returned to civil servants , says the volkskrant . 
  this seems like a purely domestic issue . 
  why does russia feel the need to get involved ? 
  if the eu tried to close itself off from the liberal international system that it created - like russia in the 20th century or china in the 19th century - then i 'm sure there would be some issues , but barring that even a proper federation would n't fundamentally alter how the western financial system is integrated . 
  the financial systems of the us and the eu are too interlinked for that to ever happen . 
  we 're all one big ship , in that regard . 
  what about craic ? 
   i have a chilean and a iranian friend too . 
  i have chilean and persian friends ( lots of persian friends , in fact ) that would argue we did n't fuck over their countries . 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  these things are complicated , not black and white . 
   why do you start the wars then ? 
  we did n't start vietnam or korea . 
  we joined in . 
   and , you , and your country is unlike me responsible for suffering in vietnam and iraq . 
  you really know nothing about the vietnam war ( and i suspect almost nothing about the chilean coup ) . 
  the vc killed far more civilians than either the the us or the s. viet did . 
  the s. vietnamese would not have held out as long without us weaponry , but it was a civil war , and the u.s. is not responsible for the civil war . 
  if any outside force was responsible for the war it was french colonialism . 
   how many vietnamese people dies because of you ? 
  not as many that died because of north vietnamese . 
   instead of spending on education , you make sure you cut resourses from schools education spending in the us comes primarily from state and local governments , not the federal government . 
  again , you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
   give me a reason why you are morally superior and thus the only one allowed to talk about suffering . 
  i never said i was morally superior to you , or anyone .
