  before 9/11 americans could cross back and forth without a passport , and it was much easier for mexicans to cross as well . 
  that being said , it 's not really comparable to the berlin wall or gaza . 
  for one thing , in germany it was illegal to leave the country without permission , and gaza is ridiculously militarized . 
  it 's a war zone . 
  two totally different dynamics were/are at play . 
  in u.s. there 's just a wall ( that does n't even come close to extending the entire u.s.-mexico border ) , and border patrol that makes life difficult for mexicans trying to cross over . 
  the [ coyote 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people_smuggling#coyotes ) that smuggle migrant workers over , and the america 's response to that , is an entirely different matter , however . 
  i thought it was funny . 
  [ `` one does not simply `` hand '' a case to the ecj . 
  if the ecb ca n't buy bonds it would make the common currency pretty damn difficult to maintain . 
  approval here for the u.s. congress is like 12 % right now . 
  i do n't think politicians are ever popular when things are n't going great . 
  i see that post-affair popularity bounce has subsided ... 
   and that does seem to be a persistent us goal despite the end of the cold war . 
  it 's generally been the persistent goal of all the nato countries since the end of the cold war , not just the u.s. 
   the us has no interest in the eu becoming a superpower [ the u.s. government does feel they have an interest in european countries being more assertive militarily . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the-security-and-defense-agenda-as-delivered-by-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-brussels-belgium-june-10-2011/2011/06/10/agqlzhoh_story.html ), 
  nothing but really shitty artwork haha . 
  they could have built septic systems for the hotels , and not worried about building sewers right away . 
   yanks paste their presidents everywhere . 
  our flag yes , presidents definitely not . 
  especially not in hotels haha . 
  it 's a comparison between two games , and football is a game dominated by strategy , much more so than almost any other sport ( the reason for the halting action , and turn-based rules ) - hence the chess comparison . 
   it 's a stupid comparison that americans ( sic ) do to try and make that sport seem smarter than it is . 
  you know almost nothing about american football , how would you have any idea how smart or dumb it is ? 
  in a previous post you said this :  people also try to compare some of our football tactics with chess . 
  they 're also wrong . 
  making the assertion that strategy in american football and chess are n't comparable implies that you actually know something about strategy in american football , which you do n't . 
  in especially in that you can play it without sustaining a concussion . 
  if you admit to knowing nothing about the sport , how can you comment on `` tactics '' in football . 
  [ strategy in football is highly complex . 
  ] ( http://www.kotaku.com.au/2013/02/football-the-kotaku-review/ ) it 's fine that you do n't like the sport , but trashing something you know nothing virtually nothing about just makes you look silly . 
   it is all over the news right now . 
  well , duh . 
  that 's why we 're talking about it . 
  just because something is in the news does n't mean lots of people know about it . 
  less than 5 % of the country watches cable news , and the serious news outlets like the ny times and wsj are barely giving it coverage at all . 
   i just know that some americans hate italy for it i do n't know if i would say that ... 
  the italian legal system has n't been portrayed by the american media in best light , in regards to this case - rightly or wrongly ( i do n't know enough about this case or the italian legal system to have much of an opinion ) . 
  as for the average american , i would suspect that very few people know who knox is - or the details of her case . 
  i 've never encountered anyone ever discussing it either in person or over social media . 
  it does n't rank very high in the public conscious here , as far as i can tell . 
  if true it would seem that gaddafi made a terrible , terrible mistake . 
  fantastic article . 
  after reading this you ca n't help but feel like there 's no chance ukraine ever joins the eu or is even given the chance to orient itself towards the eu . 
   i believe it was originally meant to be in mexico . 
  but was n't a big part of the context for the film post-civil war spain ? 
   this is probably the best article i have read on this subject in a while . 
  this guys does a lot great stuff about russia and eastern europe . 
  he also tweets a lot of great links . 
  you can follow him here : https://twitter.com/edwardlucas, 
  basically a headhunter ( corporate recruiter ) that lives well beyond his means to provide for his beautiful but demanding wife gets mixed up with a real hitman . 
  great movie . 
  nice observation . 
  that 's fucking horrible . 
  props to that protester for seemingly handling that inhumane treatment like champ though . 
  he barely seems fazed . 
  yes , seriously enough to use even bigger guns to deal with them . 
  unless you have a real army , it 's usually not wise to confront a government with guns . 
   protestors are paid to be there by foreign governments . 
  you high , bro ? 
  r/europe probably is n't the place for this diatribe . 
  as much as we wish otherwise , we 'll always be the bad cop . 
  we 're starsky and to the eu 's laid-back , fun-loving hutch . 
  it 's just our nature , i suppose . 
   ameritard that 's a very creative way to begin an ad hominem attack . 
  you did n't , however , answer my question . 
  no iran-like sanctions have been placed on ukraine - no sanctions have have been placed on the ukrainian state at all . 
  in what way is revoking visas for a few ukrainian officials `` waging economic warfare ? '', 
  that 's very creepy as well , but what does it have to do with the ukrainian protests ? 
   `` you are registered as a participant in a mass disturbance . '' that 's some creepy stuff ... 
  believe it or not , due to living here my entire life i have met more than a few americans , and this stereotype - where it exists - exists among mainly among older americans who have never traveled abroad . 
  some older americans believe that french women do n't shave their legs , armpits , etc. 
  really not sure why this perception still exists , my guess is that its origins go back to the war . 
  most countries probably do have similar programs , but the u.s. has unique capabilities because we have greater resources , and so much of the global tech industry is based here ... 
  if the government had this capability during the cold war i 'm sure they would have taken advantage of it . 
  none of what they 're doing should come as much of a shock . 
  obama 's hands are just as dirty as bush 's with this . 
  he 's been in power for 5 years , and the nsa program has only expanded . 
  there 's a great documentary called [ `` bulletproof salesman '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1186201/ ) about a german armored car dealer in iraq . 
  it follows the dealer as the iraq war starts , and as it starts to spiral out of control after the ba'ath party fell . 
  i would recommend it - it '' s a very nuanced take on the whole situation , imo . 
  it 's streaming on netflix , if you have that in your country . 
  sounds like he 's been watching game of thrones . 
  cops are very intimidating in the u.s. and it does n't seem to cut down on crime much . 
  it 's not too uncommon here , actually . 
  i knew a girl growing up called chasity ... although or some reason or another it seems to be fairly popular among strippers haha . 
  i believe chasity changed her name to chase after she got the sex-change operation . 
  edit : i was wrong , she changed it to [ `` chaz . 
  '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chaz_bono ), 
  [ my favorite sarkozy picture ] ( http://a2.img.mobypicture.com/fa7e11750f7cf4b7897d184637faf738_view.jpg ) ... and [ this too . 
  ] ( http://11even.net/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/obama-sarkozy-berlusconi.jpg ), 
  of all the countries in the world i would think that the french would be the last people to elect someone who is horrible at tying a tie . 
   north korean state media called the ski lift a `` great monumental structure . '', 
  lol !, 
  wow . 
  that sounds incredibly daunting . 
  something tells me that if i lived in germany i may never get married haha . 
  speaking of baseball metaphors , before this post the only thing i had ever heard about dating german girls came from a baseball metaphor in movie called bad news bears haha : `` baseball 's hard . 
  you can love it but , believe me , it do n't always love you back .
