  just ask poland about it . 
  the u.s. should never have withdrawn plans for that missile defense system in poland and the czech republic . 
  what has it gotten us ? 
  russia has become even more aggressively anti-america . 
  best to put massive amounts of pressure on all their borders , sabotage them economically , and actively prevent them from ever becoming a world power again . 
  there 's no way they should ever be given the opportunity to invade their neighbors , and resurrect a new soviet union . 
  russia has been a huge dick to their baltic neighbors . 
  not to say that the u.s. is always the best neighbor , but we do n't try and dominate mexico and canada politically , and there has n't been any meaningful tensions with either country since the 1800 's . 
  why so defensive ? 
  chill out , dude . 
  do you have some sort of mental illness ? 
  russia does n't like nato expansion anywhere east of germany , and why would they ? 
  it puts the military might of the west on their borders . 
  sweden has marginally more . 
  in the u.s. it 's like 13 billionaires per 10 million people , and sweden has almost 10 million people , and 14 billionaires . 
  there is difference in that none of the companies that swedish billionaires have built ( or inherited ) their wealth from were started after 1965 , while in the u.s. the list is full of brand new billionaires . 
  swedish tax policy probably have something to do with that - for better or worse . 
  all states should always be wary of other states , allies or not . 
  no state has a permanent friend or a permanent enemy . 
  europeans should know that better than anyone , given the history of the continent . 
  it reminds me of the golden rule of western geopolitics , as put by leopold von ranke in the 19th century : `` the position of a state in the world depends on the degree of independence it has attained . 
  it is obliged , therefore , to organize all its internal resources for the purpose of self-preservation . 
  ** this is the supreme law of the state . 
  i think a bigger question would be , is the eu prepared to ever reach an agreement for how troops should be deployed and which conflicts to get involved with , outside of immediate domestic threats ? 
  if you were able to do that you would be a power on par with the united states , imo . 
  i would believe that , and even be surprised if it was n't true , but i have a really hard time believing that the u.s. is stealing secrets from say , vw , and passing them on to gm . 
  even if they were it sure as hell has n't helped gm build a decent car yet hahaha . 
  eu beef is no stranger to subsidies either , though . 
  the u.s. does have a built in advantage in that the dollar is much weaker than the euro , however . 
  if the two currencies approached parity i imagine u.s. beef exports to europe would decrease drastically . 
  you do n't seem to mind having choice to buy the mountain raised beef you talk of so glowingly , why classify other sorts of beef as `` another choice for another type of shit . '', 
  was n't le pen just brought up on charges of racial hatred though ? 
  would that affect her running at all ? 
   another choice , that 's a lol . 
  what pr firm are you with ? 
  so i do n't get what your issue with my previous statement was . 
  beef from the u.s. gives consumers of beef more choices . 
  here 's hoping france has some better choices for president than sarkozy or hollande next election . 
  do you think that all beef tastes exactly the same ? 
  beef and all its different cuts are going to taste different depending on where they were raised , what sort of feed they were given , and where that feed came from . 
  beef from argentina will taste different than beef from utah , and beef from utah is going to be different than beef from missouri , for example . 
  it just provides consumers and restaurants with another choice when they go to market to purchase beef . 
  yeah , we 've always been kind of a mess in that regard . 
  there 's some really awesome stuff , some really terrible stuff . 
  i think it comes from the fact that we 've always had so many cultures and ethnicities attempting to live side by side in an enormous federal democracy - things are just bound to get messy from time to time . 
   the eu 's negotiators , however , must bear in mind that the `` open window of opportunity '' to negotiate the agreement will shut with the end of the current american presidency . 
  i doubt this . 
  if a republican wins the next election , there 's no way he or she nixes any sort of trade deal , and if a democrat wins there 's really not much of a chance they 'll dismantle a trade deal that started as the project of a democratic administration . 
  i imagine if any trade deal is criticized in the next election cycle it would be the trans-pacific partnership , not the us-eu deal . 
   i find it sad that you do n't react when someone confronts you . 
  that i do n't react when some weird german kid starts trolling me on the internet ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  i do n't support much of u.s. foreign policy , but given your attitude towards my country , i 'm not about to discuss any of it with you . 
  people are always doing interesting things with american flags , but we just look at it as freedom of expression . 
  who cares , really . 
  the incident took place in ukraine , not russia . 
  okay , little buddy . 
  whatever you say . 
  shut the fuck up , asshole . 
  you really think the nsa is reading your email ? 
  lol . 
  dumb ass . 
  listen motherfucker , you do n't know who the fuck i am , or who the fuck i voted for . 
  you do n't even know what the fucking definition of fascism is for christ 's sake . . 
  i do get offended when the u.s. is called a fascist country because it 's a profoundly evil ideology that was responsible for millions of deaths in the 20th century . 
  it 's an ideology that my grandfather fought and died trying to eliminate - so it does n't make me particularly happy to see some norwegian jack-off misusing the term to describe my country . 
  no , that 's just me saying his family is shit , not putting blame for anything on anyone . 
  i opened with `` fuck you '' because he called my country fascist . 
  the u.s. is a liberal democracy , and calling us fascist is extremely offensive . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm saying that * he does n't know what fascism is , * although , being norwegian he should . 
  asshole . 
  i did n't blame him for anything , just pointed out the obvious about his family . 
   yes , my family has suffered from fascism so do n't give me that bullshit . 
  i think most of us - especially from countries that actually fought in the war or received concentration camp refugees afterwards - could name any number of people who suffered a whole hell of a lot more because of fascism than his family did . 
  sounds like you come from an outstanding family . 
  cream of the crop . 
  [ here 's a definition fascism . ], 
  ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/fascism ) now tell me in what way the u.s. is fascist . 
   somebody got to stand up against us fascism fuck you , pos . 
  [ norwegians , of all people , should know what real fascism looks like . ], 
   good guy russia , of all countries . 
  do n't they still have that super dangerous band , pussy riot , locked up ? 
  good guy russia my fucking ass . 
  [ make sure to remember the unwritten book of the road ! ], 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxz-hccduhy ), 
  and then continue in even greater volume once it does , i hope . 
  greece ? 
  probably not from within the euro . 
  they have too much debt , and the internal devaluation will continue until their finances are in order - which is quite a ways off . 
  you do have to be a little more optimistic about spain , however , just because they do have so much potential to be powerful economy . 
  it 's a matter of making real liberalizing reforms to put a charge in the job market , and they need to get their banks in order , and hopefully get the real estate market going again . 
  it 'll be tough , but it 's definitely something that can be accomplished within 4-5 years . 
  from an outsiders perspective it seems that british conservatives have always wanted to dominate europe , rather than be an equal part of europe . 
  i 'm going to write down ( and google ) all three of those hahaa . 
  thank you for the recommendations !, 
  you 're a fraud . 
  okay , that 's a little more in line with what i had thought before , although i did n't know that he stepped down in the wake of the 68 ' protests ( which i know about from the movie * the dreamers * haha ) . 
  i 've always really admired how he conducted himself during ww2 though - unwilling to sacrifice any of france 's honor - even when it got on the allies nerves . 
  same thing in leading france in the decades after ww2 .
