  this is a controversial conflict to get involved with , and it 's not like syria is a threat to any of our immediate security interests . 
  if they were a threat to our immediate security interests britain would have out backs like a rabid dog . 
  besides , britain has been in the trenches with us in iraq and afghanistan , if they want to sit this one out i think they 've more than earned that right , and americans should n't be begrudge them for it . 
  the `` special relationship '' is just as strong as it was earlier this week , or five years ago , or 40 years ago . 
  uncle france has always been our favorite uncle . 
  those people definitely exist . 
  they stand on corners with signs , and put weird bumper stickers on their cars . . generally , there 's quite a few complete nutcases in this country haha . 
  it was n't much of a war though . 
  probably better described at ` tensions and pirates '' haha . 
  i think france is the only major power in europe the u.s. has n't been to war with . 
  yeah , this is really minor . 
  a footnote in history , but it makes good copy for newspapers right now . 
  i understand where the perceived slap in the face came , i 'm just saying i do n't think it was much of a snub . 
  why would he leave it out though ? 
  the u.s. looks to be teaming up with france , and they are out oldest ally . 
  he was just pointing it out - mainly for the french and the american people - to illustrate our deep historical ties . 
  also , john kerry is a pretty notorious francophile . 
  he 's probably stoked to be teaming up with france hahaha . 
  whoa , that dude has a serious creeper mustache !, 
  how bout just ` merican . 
  like in , `` dew u speak ` merican , son ? '', 
  we can finally throw out all those silly spelling and grammatical rules the brits have burdened us with for too long !, 
  freedom fries have been replaced with freedom muffins - formerly english muffins . 
  we 're also renaming the language spoken in the u.s. to freedomlish . 
  take that , brits !!!, 
  i do n't know if it 's as much a slap in the face , as just stating the truth . 
  of course when you 're in an alliance with someone you want to hype up your ties to one another . 
  it does n't have to be a shot at britain , or really have anything to do with britain . 
  one fairly unique thing i 've noticed about a lot of the greeks that i 've met : a lot of them women seem to marry men that are a lot older . 
  people here are joking about renaming english muffins , `` freedom muffins '' hahaha . 
  possibly . 
  if the american congress - and the bomb happy republicans - reject it , i think it might be wise if we all head to nearest bomb shelter and see if we can escape judgement day . 
  the u.s. is gon na have to wait till france gets back from vacation to see if we 'll have any allies in this , i guess haha . 
  it will be interesting to see what the un weapons inspectors discover though . 
  if they determine that it was definitely assad , i wonder if britain will have a change of heart . 
  agreed . 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  this is n't the bush administration we 're dealing with anymore , thankfully . 
  obama really does n't want to get involved if he does n't have to . 
  there 's no support among the american public , even for the limited strikes outlined above . 
  this is a really war-weary country right now . 
  i said * none of us has seen whatever evidence they have . 
  * i have no idea who 's responsible for the attack . 
  you asked who they will attack , and i told what was being reported in newspapers . 
  while none of us have seen whatever evidence they have , it 's being reported that the strikes would target syrian military positions and assets with tomahawk missiles , which pack a pretty weak payload , actually , but are extremely accurate . 
  i think in a case like the , the actual gesture of firing missiles - signaling western involvement - will have a larger impact on the conflict than the missiles will haha . 
  i would n't really call the proposed missile strikes `` going to war . '', 
  i do n't think the people of the us or britain ( or france - do n't forget about them ) would tolerate any sort of protracted conflict that involved anything more than a few limited missile strikes . 
  pinochet was a ruthless tyrant ( as was allende to a lesser extent , democratically elected or not ) , but he did n't exactly run the country into the ground . 
  in fact it was in better shape than pretty much any country in latin-america by the time he ceded power in 1989 - and this was after inheriting a country in economic shambles , and inflation over 200 % . 
  anyways , the u.s. had a huge role in that coup too . 
  the u.s. was fighting proxy wars against the soviet union all over the world at the time . 
  it 's not fair to lay all the blame on thatcher . 
   the us has four destroyers in the mediterranean right now each packing 90 tomahawks apiece ... 
  this is incorrect . 
  [ each ship holds up to 24 tomahawks . ], 
  ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/28/world/middleeast/obama-syria-strike.html ) try not to spread misinformation around . 
  this `` intervention '' will be extremely limited - tomahawk missiles ( which are n't very powerful missiles ) over the course of a couple days . 
  there will be no invasion - the u.s. has no appetite for that . 
  further , the u.s. has no interest in controlling the region , and the u.s. does n't necessarily want to even see assad replaced with syrian rebel groups . 
  u.s. interests lay in stability - for the sake of the energy market - and preventing the spread of islamic extremism , which often targets the west , and is currently destabilizing the region . 
  iraq was a huge mistake by george w. bush , and a costly aberration in u.s. policy in the middle-east . 
  it will not be repeated . 
  the u.s. has no desire for a conflict with iran . 
  the u.s. has no desire to invade iran . 
  and while the u.s. may prefer to see different people in power in iran , the u.s. does not want to see iran destabilized , if for no other reason than iran has the capability to severely disrupt the oil market . 
  iran would have to do something extremely aggressive , like close the straight of hormuz , for us to risk the stability of the oil market . 
  i saw that . 
  infowars is n't much of a source . 
  it 's run by some weird conspiracy theorist in texas . 
   british economy will go bust like any other big economy in the world leftists and their warnings about the capitalist system destroying itself remind me a lot of evangelical christians and their warnings that the world is about to end , and jesus is about to come back - they 've been making the same prediction for 150 years , with the same results haha . 
   the us is destabilizing yet another country that stands in its way of control of the region . 
  1 ) how is this all the u.s. ? 
  the headline lists two other countries as well . 
  2 ) i do n't know what planet you have been living on for the past couple years , but syria is already * pretty * unstable . 
  it 's about as unstable as a country can get without becoming somalia . 
  i think the only reason we fire tomahawks is because they can be fired accurately from ships . 
  from what i know of them , they 're actually not very powerful missiles , just extremely accurate - which i think makes them perfect for these sorts of missions because you can be reasonably positive you 're not accidentally going to hit a civilian area , and you do n't have to risk sending an air force ( the support ) over hostile territory . 
  hopefully the the u.s. has learned from that exercise , and figured out to mitigate the loss of life . 
  that being said , living here i do n't there there 's any way we allow that straight to be closed . 
  it 's actually a major national priority - recognized by both political parties - that it stay open , and iranian aggression is kept in check . 
  [ here 's a decent paper out of harvard on the whole deal ] ( http://belfercenter.ksg.harvard.edu/files/is3301_pp082-117_talmadge.pdf ), 
  i think we would actually be able to keep the straight of hormuz open , but it would be extremely bloody on our end . 
  we 'd have to occupy significant portions of iran ( to create a buffer ) , on top of setting up a no-fly zone . 
  horrible , messy business though , i really hope it never comes to that ... 
  man , i 'm nervous about this greatest hits tour !, 
  for at least a few tomahawk missile strikes . 
  we 'll see how this goes , and maybe an entire reunion tour will be in the cards !, 
  a women named elizabeth warren ( who is now a senator ) did a study when she was a professor at harvard that counted every single bankruptcy in the u.s. where there were more than something like $ 2,000 in medical bills as a `` medical bankruptcy . '', 
  it was a thoroughly dishonest study . 
  bankruptcies that were actually caused by medical bills are much , much rarer . 
  edit : i was off slightly : [ `` in her ( in ) famous paper on medical bankruptcies in 2001 , warren and her co-authors defined anyone with $ 1000 worth of medical bills as having a medical bankruptcy , and used that figure to imply that rising medical bills were pushing people over the financial edge . '' ], 
  ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2010/07/considering-elizabeth-warren-the-scholar/60211/ ), 
   you 're mixing care with technology and it does n't matter how advanced the technology is if the person needing it ca n't afford it . 
  not to repeat myself , but as i said before , * the vast majority of americans can afford advanced care because it 's covered by their insurance . 
  ahhh , his posts do make a lot more sense now . 
  it 's advanced in that there 's an extremely high level of care for most of those who have insurance , which is the vast majority of the country - not just a small minority . 
  if it were true that only a small minority get advanced care , the healthcare reform law passed a few years ago would have been much less controversial . 
  where it 's inefficient is in how it 's priced , and how expensive it is because of how the system is set up . 
  there 's large amounts of waste and overpayment involved with almost every single medical bill .
