  pendejo it means : `` suck my dick . 
  idiot/dumbass '' hahaha . 
  look dude , i 'm not trying to say that stalin was n't as bad , but his purges did n't have nearly the impact on the world that nazism did . 
  italians , chinese , and indians - for instance - were not rounded up by communists and killed or put in the gulags . 
  what happened during stalin 's time was absolutely horrific , and i 'm not trying to say it 's less so than nazism , but it took place behind the iron curtain - out of the view and immediate experience of much of the world - unlike ww2 . 
  it 's important to understand why nazism left such an enormous imprint on the * world 's * collective psyche , and why stalinism did n't . 
  because no matter how evil stalin was , 60 million people - or 2.5 % of the world 's population - died over the course of a few years in ww2 , and nazism is the culprit for those deaths . 
  maybe the former eastern bloc countries will ban socialism or something someday , but the atrocities the nazi 's committed , and the lives that were lost in the war they forced upon the the world make them a uniquely evil force , that touched every continent , and almost every country in the world . 
  as bad as stalin was , his atrocities were limited to a much smaller geographical area , and thus did n't affect so much of the world 's population , like nazism did . 
  arvydas sabonis is from there . 
  he was an incredible basketball player that , unfortunately , we did n't get to see in the nba until he was older , and had undergone multiple knee operations . 
  it 's not a question of speculating . 
  it 's really , really , really , really basic micro-economics . 
  i deal with supply chains every single day . 
  believe me . 
  goods get to market in the uk just as cheaply and efficiently as they do on the continent . 
  the uk market is just too large , too profitable , and too competitive for them not to . 
  the uk is actually a * significantly * larger market - $ 1 trillion larger . 
  my point is that there are lots of different reasons for why the uk is more expensive - much of them having to do with currency and demand issues - but shipping costs are not one of them . 
  hawaii is a market of of 1.3 million people . 
  the continental u.s. is a market of 315 million people or so . 
  if hawaii was as large as the uk market - over 60 million people - things would be much less expensive , and probably not all that different than the u.s. 
  but since they 're a tiny island chain , with a tiny population , of course it will be more expensive . 
  hawaii and the uk are not really comparable . 
  to clarify , you 're trying to compare a tiny chain of islands in the middle of nowhere in the pacific ocean with 1.3 million inhabitants to one of the most affluent countries on earth . 
  a country that has more than 60 million people , and is just a ferry ride away continental europe ? 
   there 's a big chance that in 300 years we wo n't be burning gas as an energy source . 
  i sincerely hope we 're not ... 
  the uk is n't some sparsely populated backwater - it 's an island with more than 60 million people ( significantly more than spain , btw ) . 
  goods are loaded onto ships - some of those ships go to spain , some to go the uk - they 're then transported from dockyards to warehouses , then to final destinations . 
  there 's extremely sophisticated supply chains , and efficient shipping routes that are utilized to * specifically serve the very large and affluent uk market * . 
  to suggest that it costs more money to get goods to the uk than to spain because it 's an island so it requires additional , costly transport is - as we say in the states - some ignorant bullshit . 
  but you guys literally made your own country with ingenious engineering . 
  there 's a saying , `` god created the world , but the dutch created the netherlands . '', 
  so from an outsiders perspective , we 're able to overlook waiting times for social homes when we consider dutch ingenuity , 
  i wonder which commissar you had to blow to get hooked up with one of those . 
  there 's an anecdote about a prominent economist who visited china during the 70 's , and visited a site where they were doing large scale construction . 
  he noticed that instead of using the latest earth-moving technologies , all the workers were digging with shovels . 
  he asked his chinese chaperon , `` why are you using shovels instead of up-to-date technology ? 
  you would finish this project years earlier . '', 
  to which the chinese chaperon replied : `` if we used newer technology instead of shovels we would n't be able to employ nearly as many people . '', 
  the economist quipped : `` well if your main objective is large-scale employment , why do n't you have them work with spoons instead of shovels ? '', 
  it was an exaggeration - i was making fun of you because your above comment is possibly the silliest thing i 've read all week . 
  there 's many reasons why things are more expensive in the uk , and it has pretty much nothing to do with not having access to the mainland by road . 
  what makes you think that it 's less expensive to truck things into a country by road , rather than on enormous ships ? 
  if that were true china 's economy would n't be doing nearly as well as it is . 
  here 's an exercise for you : consider how much cargo a truck or a train will hold , then consider how much cargo a giant freight ship will hold , then consider [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economies_of_scale ) . 
  you can apply this same concept to a range of goods that are made elsewhere , and shipped to the uk ( and spain ) . 
  how much a mass-produced product - whether food or textile - costs to produce has a bigger impact on how much it ends up costing the consumer than how much it costs to transport that product . 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's not 100 ad anymore , buddy . 
  supply chains are just a liiiitle bit more advanced now lol !!, 
  why should german people pay for the mishaps of the greek government and the greek banks ? 
  it does n't matter if german corporations were involved : as a government , or as a business you 're responsible for keeping your own financial house in order . 
  greek politicians have no one to blame but themselves , and the greek people have no one to blame but their politicians . 
  much better analogy . 
  i still disagree with it when put into the context of german reforms , but it 's a much better analogy haha . 
  this article is a joke . 
  it 's this sort of thinking that got the soviet union to where it is today . 
  i 'm not sure i follow your analogy . 
  how does a pie `` grow '' if you cut it carefully ? 
  pies do n't grow , bro . 
   once upon a time , before the dark events of the 20th century clouded its previous history , germany was celebrated as the `` land of poets and thinkers , '' thanks to intellectual giants like goethe and kant . 
  and carl von clausewitz . 
  his work may have had a larger effect on the world than either goethe or kant . 
  this headline should read , `` germany has * saved * 41 billion euros in * lending costs * during crisis . '', 
  with the bailouts they 've funded , slow eurozone growth , and low interest rates that have hit german savers particularly hard , it 's actually pretty ridiculous to say that germany has profited at all from the crisis . 
  it 's like saying widget maker that made $ 1 million selling widget a , but lost $ 10 million trying to sell widget b , is a profitable company . 
  it 's also important to point out that the fact that germany has been able to save money in lending costs during the crisis is not part of any nefarious profiteering scheme . 
  it 's a reflection of the global market 's recognition that germany has its house in order , and in the midst of an extremely turbulent time for the world economy , investors see german bonds as a safe place to park their money . 
  the same thing has happened in the u.s. . our bond yields have been at record lows for years now because investors see the the dollar as a safe place to park their money while the global economy recovers . 
  most of us know that `` assholes '' is one word too ... 
  new england then . 
  people from all the countries seem to have a higher opinion of their own culture as they get older though . 
  i think it really depends on where you go in the u.s. 
  i mean , if you go to the deep south attitudes on gays probably mirror what you see in russia more closely . 
  it 's a really bad place to be gay . 
  but coastal states like vermont , massachusetts , california , and new york tend to be extremely progressive when it comes to gay rights . 
  i used to live in san francisco , and i 'm not sure you could find a more gay-friendly city in the world . 
  that being said , in the deep south , and to a lesser extent the midwest , there are a lot of conservatives that are pretty backwards when it comes to equal rights . 
  in 2004 george bush famously tried to push through a constitutional amendment limiting marriage to a one man and one women . 
  the legislation was n't proposed because bush thought it would actually pass , but because it would get more conservatives to the ballot box in southern and `` middle american '' states . 
  it worked too - he won reelection . 
  the question was n't : `` do you envision that military force will be necessary to restore order to the world in the near-future . '', 
  it was a general , `` is military force ever justified ? '', 
  it 's not a question about the current political situation in europe . 
  that would would even twist the question into that suggests you 're an extreme narcissist , or have major reading comprehension issues . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  the question is : `` is it sometimes necessary to use military force to maintain order in the world . '', 
  do you think that question was actually answered in the context of : `` hitler is n't rolling a tank over my flower beds at this moment , so i guess military force is absolutely never justified . '', 
  people answer questions like this based on past experiences , which is the only tangible knowledge we have to draw on to answer a hypothetical question like this . 
  i think his point was that it 's a little funny that 50 % of a country that attempted to commit genocide on all the jews in europe not too long ago would think that military intervention was never necessary . 
  no one ever said anything about ww3 . 
  a larger group of french people may ask , `` how can they defend a language they do n't even speak ? '', 
  hahaha, 
  doubtful . 
  in the u.s. people and descendents from those countries and cultures all live side by side with even more people from disparate countries and cultures . 
  europe is almost entirely white , while states like california , for example , is 42 % white 37 % hispanic , 15 % asian . 
  in the u.s. new cultures are constantly being introduced and integrated into regions where different groups of people settle . 
  the term `` melting pot '' was invented to describe the u.s.
