  i did n't think they were on the level of golden dawn . 
  those guys are out of control . 
  she 's a much more talented politician than her father was . 
  it 's kind of scary , actually . 
  i agree . 
  it 's better than having the properties languish . 
  more like a few wealthy people who work for and invest in hedge funds from around the world will own them . 
  how is the ideology behind it , as you say , relevant to french attitudes towards the eu ? 
  this is a trade deal that only involves countries in the pacific . 
  going on about the tpp in the context of this thread qualifies as a completely off-the-wall comment . 
  i do n't think even one country or political figure outside of europe is even mentioned in this article . 
  since when is the eu part of the tpp ? 
  and why is the tpp even remotely relevant to this article about france 's attitude towards the eu ? 
  you 're totally right . 
  what will poor little ukraine ever do without loving mother russia ? 
  i have no idea why ukraine would want to join itself with an economic bloc that generates $ 12 trillion a year , rather than a kleptocracy in steady decline that generates just barely over $ 2 trillion a year . 
  i was n't chiding anyone . 
  i was asking a question . . do n't be so defensive . 
  no , krugman consistently says that that france * is n't * fucked . 
  [ here 's his latest piece arguing that france is n't in bad shape . 
  ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/11/09/non-crisis-france/ ) krugman might be the biggest pro-france cheerleader among the mainstream american punditry . 
   drones will be a big thing in the future ( not only military ones but for freight delivery , and many other things ) , and it would be good to have such a tech hub here in europe . 
  i do n't dispute that . 
  the u.s. is pretty out of control with military investment though . 
  i 'm sure if eu countries really ramped up military spending a similar tech hub in europe would result from it . 
  military technology is a sensitive subject , and obviously you have to be careful which companies are allowed to have access to the technology to prevent it from falling into the hands of the wrong countries . 
  there 's plenty of waste in how the u.s. goes about thing , and we still product plenty of weapons which are obsolete because the factories happen to be in certain home districts to certain people in congress . 
  but i digress . 
  i 'm not trying to compare security procurement policies of countries , just asking why someone would be so dead-set on focusing on the products origin rather than quality . 
  that 's all . 
  why focus on where they were built rather than quality ? 
  if the european produced drones are n't as good of a value , why waste the money on them ? 
  when did krugman ever say france was doomed ? 
  i come from an irish-american family myself . 
  the irish are always welcome in the u.s. , and especially in ny . 
  there seems to be a lot of young irish people in ny right now , more than i can remember being there at any point in the past 20 years or so . 
  so spain is taxing the sun because there 's not enough actual economic activity to tax anymore ? 
  typically it 's better to use an index without fuel or food prices to gauge inflation . 
  you 're right , i missed iceland and some of the small islands , and forgot sicily was n't quite connected to the rest of the italian peninsula . 
  it 's normal in that on this map it 's the only country with natural borders . 
  i know . 
  ireland looks pretty normal on this map . 
  smoking may kill , but john player is the coolest name for a cigarette ever . 
  the holy roman empire was a wallowing , flacid bureaucracy that proved unable to defend itself - especially the german states . 
  what is now germany was basically an area that armies were marched through , occasionally annexed , and would fight on various sides of wars , depending on the whims of local princes . 
  the entire point of the holy roman empire was to keep germany divided and weak - as it emcomposses strategic middle-ground in europe . 
  obviously it 's always been a highly prosperous area , but until it united it was too weak to have much power in geopolitics . 
  pretty much every war germany - or german states - has been in , or involved in , it 's been isolated in the center of europe , with hostile powers on either side . 
  this is not a controversial statement . 
  prussian generals were making same observation 200 years ago . 
  basically he 's saying that the policies that the eurozone has pursued `` under german direction , '' have been the wrong policies , and are the driving caused behind unemployment and creeping deflation throughout the eurozone . 
  that not only goes for pushing for fiscal austerity , but how germany has designed its fiscal policy at home , and the bundesbank 's resistance to more aggressive monetary policy in the face of eurozone-wide deflationary pressures . 
  it 's not really a new argument per se , but since the u.s. treasury report columnists have taken to rehashing the same argument we 've been having the past few years . 
  for germany , i think it 's important not to take it personally . 
  germany is basically the most powerful country in eu right now , and they 're the main country calling the shots in this crisis . 
  whenever things do n't go perfectly the country that takes the lead always has to deal with the brunt of the criticism , rightly or wrongly . 
   germany would probably keep the euro anyway no it would n't , for the reasons u/cbr777 lays out below . 
   but other than that , it would likely not affect germany much at all ; it would be as it is for other schengen-area countries . 
  germany would run the risk of isolating itself in the center of europe again , as it has done time and time again over the centuries to deleterious effects for the entire continent . 
  in this rush to condemn the eu let 's not forget that it was created after centuries of conflict in an effort to usher in a lasting peace . 
  although i do n't live in europe so my opinion does n't matter much , i think the union is more than worth saving for just that reason . 
  it 's not talking about quantitative easing at all - he 's talking about fiscal austerity rather than fiscal expansionism . 
  he 's arguing that in the face of fiscal contraction - on the part of eu governments - monetary policy has not been able to work as intended . 
  the fact that europe 's banking system has not been cleaned up has a lot to do with this as well . 
  the ecb has basically been practicing expansionary monetary policy with all their bond-buying for the past few years , but credit - and thus demand - has n't expanded because fiscal retrenchment on the part of eu governments . 
  wolf blames this on germany . 
  banks are n't in good enough shape to start lending money again , either . . 
  which again , wolf blames - at least partially - on germany . 
  both were very unpopular , but i do n't think the the public saw gm and chrysler to be not as important as the financial sector was . 
  but if you listen to any national politician give a speech almost all they talk about is getting `` hard working americans '' jobs in industry . 
  manufacturing has basically been fetishized here as the ultimate goal for a government . 
  to be fair the u.s. does employ less people in manufacturing than they did 30 years ago , but productivity has still risen drastically with . 
  basically the sector is doing more with less . 
  most of the low-skilled , labor intensive manufacturing has been outsourced to china and mexico , while a lot of high end manufacturing remains in the u.s. ( airplanes , energy , medical technology , etc , etc. ) . 
  even if these jobs came back they likely would n't be as good as your average service sector job , however . 
  germany does n't do much low-end manufacturing either though , and has excelled at producing intricate , niche products . 
  the u.s. is actually the second largest manufacturer in the world , and has a combined manufacturing output larger than germany , france , india , and brazil combined . 
  just because we have an enormous service sector does n't mean we 've abandoned industry in favor of it . 
  in fact we still account for 18 % of the world 's industrial output . 
  we do n't manufacture the same things as we did in 1970 , but that 's because we allow industry to change so it can remain competitive globally . 
  europeans were already spying on the u.s. , and have been for a couple hundred years . 
  just to play the devil 's advocate , how would granting snowden asylum serve germany 's national interests though ? 
  sure it may be the right thing to do morally , but what would the german state gain from it ? 
  it 's not really about shifting export capacity to other countries though , it 's about breaking the deflationary spiral the currency area has experienced over the past several years . 
  haha . 
  this is awesome . 
  if your going to confuse the cuisines of two countries , at least make sure they 're on the same continent . 
  it 's pretty bad . 
  last year i was lobbying my office to go to a spanish restaurant for our christmas party , and pretty much every white person said , `` but i do n't want to eat mexican food . '', 
  it made my head spin . 
  the mexicans in the office , however , were well aware that their cuisine is obviously different , and were a little offended by the ignorance . 
  that 's a bureaucratic report from the u.s. treasury . 
  there 's plenty of american economists , and most likely plenty of people within the government that would disagree with that . 
  but basically what krugman is saying here is that it would have been better for the eurozone as a whole if germany sacrificed some of their trade surplus for increased consumption , thus leveling out the imbalances in the currency zone . 
  instead they continued to take advantage of what , for them , is a weaker currency than a single german currency otherwise would be , to continue bolstering their trade surplus at the expense of consumption . 
  right now the eurozone needs consumer demand , and germany is really the only country in a position to supply it . 
  krugman can get somewhat hysterical about things at times , but he makes a pretty good argument here . 
  he did , after all , win his nobel prize for work he did as a trade-economist , and he remains , perhaps , the best trade-economist in the world . 
  nice beaches , free tapas with coffee , beautiful women , jam\u00f3n ... they have ibiza , but it feels more like tropical britain than it does spain ... oh , and an embarrassingly high number of americans think spanish food and mexican food are the same thing . 
  not really a fact about spain , more of an anti-fact , i guess haha .
