  the point is that even if the eu did have a union-wide corporate tax , companies would still choose to be based in ireland because it would still be a better deal for them , and the technical expertise would still be there . 
  it 's just as much of a tax haven as texas is here - or any state that has extremely low business taxes . 
  ireland has also done a fantastic job of making sure their universities are working with multinationals , and are graduating students with the skills that so many american companies need , which is why those companies have large workforces in ireland . 
  if ireland were a state we would say it has a `` business friendly environment , '' which in the u.s. is a compliment , but since its a different country our politicians are grandstanding and calling it a `` tax haven . '', 
  rich country that never goes to war ( this might be a sign that they 're smarter than all of us haha ) . 
  famously secretive banks , and almost all formula 1 drivers seems to live there ... st. moritz is like the st. tropez of the winter , and they have the matterhorn , which was the inspiration for my favorite ride at disneyland as a kid . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  the united states has populated a large , sparsely populated land mass with 300 million people in a relatively short time by accepting wave after wave of immigrants . 
  [ even today the us is the top destination in the world for permanent immigration . ], 
  ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0aonyzs4mzlzbdenrduvkmxdxvzhcuwtrtdu4njc5m2c&amp;hl=en_us#gid=1 ) this is a nation immigrants - if you 're not from another country , there 's a good chance you 're only 2nd or 3rd generation american . 
  europeans debate multiculturalism , the u.s. has been living it since its inception . 
  sounds very dirty . 
  if only the producers of [ that movie about sarkozy ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1711484/ ) had known about this when they were writing the script ... that movie might have been a whole lot more interesting haha . 
  i 've never heard anyone claim that . 
  the us is definitely more culturally diverse than any single european state . 
  maybe that 's what they meant . 
  hahaha !, 
  did you make that word up all by yourself , douche bag ? 
  if i wanted my own comeback back i would wipe it off your mom 's face . 
  of course one country is not going to be as culturally diverse as 27 countries . 
  it 's silly to even make that comparison . 
  this is awesome , thank you . 
  my browser translates the german pages pretty well , so i 'm able to read up on the links . . 
  i 've been thinking about taking a kind of historical trip through france and germany next summer - visiting castles , and other historical sites . 
  i did n't mean to lump you with the south , sorry about that . 
  i meant they also had a distinct cultural heritage - definitely different and separate from texas though . 
  the above picture is the flag of catalonia . 
  there 's been a lot separatist agitation there lately with the ongoing financial crisis spain is enduring . 
  and speaking as a non-texan - yeah you guys are different . 
  i think a lot of the southern united states kind of has their own unique cultural heritage they 're extremely proud of too . 
  personally , i 've lived in california and arizona my entire life , and most people here are too new to the region to really identify with it over the u.s. as a whole , in my opinion . 
  any recommendations for castles to visit ? 
  i 've been fascinated with them since i was a kid , and always try and visit as many as i can when i 'm in a country that has them . 
  say someone visits spain , france , italy , and germany . 
  it 's much , much easier to just say `` i 'm going to europe , '' rather than name off every country you 're visiting . . 
  if someone is just visiting one country , on the other hand , they 'll usually just say they 're visiting that country . 
  you are a disgusting human being . 
  it 's okay , those missionaries are more mormon than american anyways ... 
  besides , they 're not so much as visiting as they are going around harassing people . 
  however , i should point out that if you engage them you can probably a get a book of mormon from them , which is pretty fun to read aloud from when you 're drunk with your buddies . 
  i kissed the blarney stone when i was eight , and grew up to work in pr . 
  if i had not kissed it i imagine i would have ended up a librarian somewhere or worse !, 
  - if you kiss the blarney stone you 'll either be given the gift of gab or herpes . 
  - entire country is addicted to craic . 
  - delicious ice cream - home of hurling - which is a pretty awesome sport . 
  - generally very nice to tourists ( and especially american ones , which i admit can take some patience at times ) . 
  i 've yet to meet anyone who has a story about anyone being rude to them when they visited . 
  - everyone in the country seems to have a good singing voice . 
  - country has suffered wave upon wave of emigration in the past couple hundred years . 
  [ for instance , in the u.s. the irish-american population is seven times greater than ireland 's population . ], 
  ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/03/17/the-irish-american-population-is-seven-times-larger-than-ireland/ ) - birthplace of colin farrel , the man who would go on to have sex with every attractive women in los angeles county . 
  - probably the most great poets and writers per capita of any english speaking country , and definitely the best . 
  - smartest and best looking people in the world ( although this is fairly obvious ) . 
  [ per capita you guys still have a high gdp ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=ireland+gdp+per+capita+&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;aq=t&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&amp;client=firefox-a ) . . [ it 's actually higher per head than britain . ], 
  ( https://www.google.com/search?q=britain+gdp+per+capita+&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;aq=t&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&amp;client=firefox-a ), 
  you mean leprechauns haha . 
   you were . 
  you were told by the various factions that if you did n't leave things would get a whole lot worse . 
  we left when we should have left , there was nothing more to accomplish there . 
   probably because we 're too tied up trying to bail you out in afghanistan . 
  with the token force you guys have over there ? 
  lol !, 
  you guys are a third-rate military power . 
  we know it , our common enemies know it , and your government knows it . 
   i wont bother trying to convince you of the glory that was the falklands . 
  lol !, 
  funny guy over here . 
  [ are you being sarcastic ? 
  the british empire behaved like stalin on pcp in their colonies ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2012/apr/23/british-empire-crimes-ignore-atrocities ), 
  that 's just not true . 
  we actually decided to help after japan bombed pearl harbor . 
  that was what got the public behind a war . . britain has been such an enormous scumbag historically that there were a lot irish-americans ( especially in congress ) did n't want anything to do with helping you guys out . 
  germany would have crushed you guys had we not gotten involved , and the tide in the war did not turn until well after we got involved in the european theater ( you seem to be forgetting that we had to beat japan back off all the colonies they took from you by ourselves ) . 
  are you trying to compare iraq and afghanistan to the falkland islands ? 
  you ca n't be serious lol . 
  i did n't even know anyone considered the falklands a war . . you scared a third world country away from a couple rocks in the middle of the ocean . 
  who gives a fuck . 
  we were n't forced out iraq , if anything we stayed much longer than wanted to . 
  we overthrew the government in three weeks , but it took a while to stabilize the country after that . 
  i get that that you 're very proud of brutally subjugating over 400 million people , but it does n't change the fact that right now the united states is peerless militarily , and we can strike any country in the world - or defend any country in the world - from a truly global network of bases . 
  that 's something britain never had the capability to do . 
  last year you guys and france did n't even have the capability of setting up a no-fly zone in libya by yourselves , so do n't lecture me on how amazing your third-rate military is . 
  calm down , spaz . 
  we would never reach an agreement on it . 
  the uk and the eu ca n't even reach an agreement on it . . 
  i think we would all be better off if we had an effective common regulator for the financial services in the us and europe , but it 's just not politically realistic right now . 
  we usurped you in wwii militarily ( which is why you 're not typing in german right now ) , and economically long before that . 
  besides , you guys were never actually a superpower , you just had a bunch of colonial holdings . 
  there were always other european powers that rivaled you guys , so you were never a true super power . 
  as for winning wars ? 
  we have n't fought wars of conquest , looking to take over territory like your country so infamously did . 
  we are , however , much more powerful militarily than your country ever was ( 900 overseas bases with military personnel in 146 countries ) , even at the height of your colonial empire . 
  you my friend are utterly delusional . 
  we usurped you as a superpower long before the suez crisis , my friend . 
  if he 's so politically able where are the reforms ? 
  outside of countries getting bailout money , he 's got to have lowest approval rating of any leader in the developed world right now . 
  i would agree that reforms need to come from the left in france , but hollande strikes me as a spineless career politico , and not up to the task thus far . 
  i 'm actually with you . 
  cheese is pretty much the greatest thing ever invented . . 
  the us and france need start working on a cheese free trade agreement .
