   i do not feel the need to prove that there 's an american anti russian pr campaign going on and that they are targeting this subreddit . 
  are you smoking crack ? 
  most cities around the world have codes regulating this sort of stuff , including in the u.s. 
  it does n't mean it 's always enforced though . 
  lol . 
  we do n't have to use the a/c in la. 
  the weather is perfect . 
  sherr has been on top of this whole ordeal for more than a year now . 
  thanks for posting , op . 
  obama came to la a few years ago and caused a traffic-apocalypse . 
  it was horrible . 
  took me 3 hours to drive 4 miles on city streets to get home . 
  we 're used to extremely bad traffic in la , but four years later people are still complaining about it here haha . 
  i wish he had just used helicopters on that visit . 
  that 's an incredibly weird analogy . 
  well said . 
  that 's true . 
  it probably would have gotten kennedy in trouble too , but more for doing things like posting selfies with marilyn monroe haha . 
  i wonder how much worse the cold war would have been if soviet officials were drunk facebooking crazy shit all the time haha . 
  from what i 've been told , mainland ukraine controls all the gas , electricity , and water for crimea . 
  it makes sense strategically for russia to secure those assets , lest crimea but cutoff completely after it 's annexed . 
  very disturbing , but not * necessarily * a sign that a full invasion of e. ukraine is about to take place . 
   for instance , baltic nations should never have been admitted . 
  baltic countries were admitted for geopolitical reasons - to put pressure on russia , and help cement liberal democracy in those countries . 
  no one has ever been under the illusion that they would be able to help out much in a war , and the fact that they do n't pay their full dues is not a major concern . 
  nato was founded as - and remains - a military coalition meant to contain russian aggression . 
  we want to be crawling all over their borders . 
   is it worth worsening our relationship with russia over a handful small border states ? 
  absolutely . 
  russia is bullying its neighbors into joining their eurasian union , and threatening destabilization on the periphery of the europe union . 
  russia is again attempting to create an alternative system to the liberal international order , and this time it 's a much more conservative and cynical vision . 
  [ some have gone so far as to call it neo-feudal . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/ae0b33ea-8761-11e3-9c5c-00144feab7de.html#axzz2vlclotly ) with each additional nato member the west draws a line in the sand that russia does not dare cross . 
  who cares if they do n't like it ? 
  they can either play ball in accordance with the international system they 're now part of , or face isolation and economic ruin like the soviet union . 
  idiot . 
  you have to marinate them and make them into tacos . 
  it makes all the difference !, 
  i do n't think anything written on what is essentially an internet message board could be described as a `` valuable public service . '', 
  if you go to any vietnamese diaspora in the u.s. you 'll find a bunch of people who hate him because he did n't extend the war for longer . 
  people who spent 5-15 years in vietnamese `` reeducation camps '' after the war hate him a lot more than you do , i guarantee it . 
  great news . 
  there 's an adage : money talks , bullshit walks . 
  there 's a number of reasons it 's the reserve currency , but the fact that the u.s. exited the war undamaged , then experienced 20 + years of rapid growth while europe was rebuilding is a major factor , yes . 
  reserve currency status is n't something awarded by council of technocrats , or even something that 's agreed on by a group of countries . 
  markets made the dollar the reserve currency because of the strength and dynamism of the us economy , institutional stability , and a large population that demanded a currency base that 's able to absorb mass global investment ( otherwise a country like switzerland might have a reserve currency ) . 
  it looked like the euro may have threatened dollar primacy in the middle of the last decade - and it may yet do that in the future - but the euro crisis , understandably , undermined confidence in its stability . 
  russia could decide to sell all its dollars , but they do n't own enough of them to trigger any sort of panic in currency or markets , and it would n't change the underlying reasons why governments and financial institutions own dollars in the first place . 
  if china decided to sell their dollars , there 's a good chance that could hurt us badly , but russia does n't have the economic clout to hurt us , and probably wo n't anytime soon . 
   there are many fascist training camps in poland . 
  yes , all children from the eu and the us attend fascist summer camp in poland every summer so we can grow up to sew revolutions in former soviet states . 
  our secret is out , guys . 
  i 'm fully aware of what the reserve currency status means to my country . 
  however , i do n't think you have much of an idea why the the dollar is the reserve currency or what it would actually take to dislodge it from that position . 
  russia does n't own enough dollars for this to be a real threat . 
  same goes for not paying debt back to our banks - balance sheets will take a hit , but it would n't create any sort of financial or economic hardship in the us as a whole . 
  it would , however , really , really screw up russia 's credit-worthiness , and make borrowing in international markets extremely expensive . 
  we 're trembling over here , vlad !, 
  lol, 
  definitely someone from the obama administration , although it 's possible the leak was coordinated with germans and other allies . 
  purpose would be to build a narrative of russia not acting rationally or in its best interests . 
  so did merkel actually tell obama this or was he just listening in on her phone call ??? 
  [ this author also wrote a column a week ago saying `` russia wo n't intervene . 
  '' ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/24/opinion/why-russia-wont-interfere.html ), 
  the us and the eu both need to reexamine their long-term strategy concerning russia or putin will continue invading and co-opting russia 's neighbors . 
   cluster fuck of fail [ haha . 
  i like that . 
  you 're speaking gibberish . 
  you should take some more english classes before trying to communicate in it . 
   all swedes are stupid forever and only want to comment wtf are you talking about ? 
  maybe he built it hoping to michael jackson would visit him ??? 
  haha, 
  [ that explains where yanukovych got his pirate ship . 
  ] ( http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/1364742/pirate-ship-was-one-more-surprising-finds-ousted-president-yanukovichs-pleasure-palace.jpg?w=660&amp;h=495&amp;l=50&amp;t=40 ), 
  one problem is that both the us and eu needs russia 's cooperation on iran right now . 
  it would be really difficult to see any sort of military confrontation between the two sides because of this , and russia knows it . 
  siege tactics are timeless . 
   this illustrates how the us has no clue what it is doing in the region . 
  since hillary clinton left the administration the u.s. state department has been unable to express any sort of strategic vision for anything it 's doing overseas . 
  pretty pathetic and troublesome , really . 
  u.s. foreign policy seems to be completely rudderless at the moment . 
  most of the websites i 've visited here defaulted to gold medal rankings first , and you had to sort for total medal count . 
  really not surprising - i do n't think there 's anyway they let go of their base in crimea . 
  it has too much significant strategic importance to them , and it would be foolish of them not to ready their military to maintain it - from the perspective of what russia considers their interests to be - although i 'm sure that 's the option of last resort . 
  it seems that 's there 's enough pro-russia sentiment in that region that putin should be able to get what he wants without using the military , but he knows that neither the eu or the us have any appetite for any sort of military confrontation over ukraine right now . 
  oh okay , sorry about that . 
  yeah , it 's not uncommon for would-be defectors to spend go to jail multiple times for trying to escape . 
  [ jose fernandez , the baseball player who was rookie of the year last year , went to jail like three times from the ages of 12-16 for trying to escape with his mom so they could go live with his dad in miami . ] ( http://grantland.com/features/marlins-rookie-pitcher-jose-fernandez-journey-cuban-defector-mlb-all-star/ ) . 
  the cuban government policy is really only spotlighted over here when a baseball player defects , but the castros are basically running a prison island . 
  thanks , i 'll check it out . 
  yeah , not overnight . 
  i do n't think the passport thing came into effect until like 2007 or 2008 , actually . 
  but my mexican friends who cross back and forth a lot tell me that for them it became much more of an ordeal as far as security and scrutiny are concerned almost immediately after 9/11 . 
   and i 'm not only talking about gaza but especially about the settlement zones and the walls in jerusalem . 
  yeah , i agree the settlements , and treatment of the palestinians , over there is sickening . 
  i live about 50 miles from the wall with mexico . 
  since 9/11 it 's become a huge pain in the ass for mexicans crossing . 
  my girlfriend ( who is mexican , but lives in u.s. ) and her friends are always stopped and searched when crossing over , but as long as they have a passport - or a border crossing card - they 're let through . 
  for americans it tends to be much easier , obviously , but if you drive over from mexico you can expect to wait in line for an hour or two on the way back ( mexican officials do n't even bother to check for papers/passports or search anyone entering mexico ) . 
  walking over for mexicans or americans only takes about 10-30 minutes , depending on how long the line is .
