for $ 350 million you think they could have built something that 's actually good looking . 
  what a hideous building . 
   i think i need to conduct a field research on that . 
  i 'll join you !, 
  if you 're going to use the wrong word it 's best that the word you use have something to do with breasts haha . 
   the cleavage between rich and poor is pretty big imho so you 're saying that the rich women have bigger breasts than the poor women ? 
  or is it the other way around ? 
  they 're like little chewing tobacco packets . 
  the swedes and norwegians are all about it . 
  edit : here 's a picture : http://s.hswstatic.com/gif/how-snus-works-1a.jpg, 
  not a lot you we can do about fringe evangelical christian groups spending money on political causes . 
  one of my favorite areas to visit in the world . 
  it 's not a sign of a `` larger process '' of economies leaving the dollar . 
  no one is leaving the dollar in a meaningful way right now because there 's nowhere else to go . 
  china is n't trying to make the rmb strong - i 'm not quite sure where you got that - they 're make it a suitable alternative reserve currency to the us dollar . 
  that is a process that has been started , but it 's a long way from fruition . 
  as things stand right now the us dollar is the only currency fit to be a reserve currency . 
  china is trying to internationalize their currency , and this is a step that must be taken . 
  by itself it will have no practical affect on the dollar . 
  it 's really not a concern for the us . 
  china is trying to internationalize their currency , and this is a step that must be taken , but their currency is a very , very , very long way from challenging the dollar 's primacy , or even the euro 's current status . 
  the point i was trying to make is that comparing russia and ukraine to a traditional business or customer is silly . 
  if russia were acting like a business it would see ukraine as a customer , and would be selling to them . 
  the media seems to love that guy here . 
  nah , your comment history says you 're a troll , and that 's all you exist as on here . 
  you 're a troll is what you are . 
   we do n't need them or want them . 
  since when is canada part of the eu ? 
  haha, 
  what does that have to do with european products you ca n't buy here ? 
  irish ice cream and real french and dutch cheeses ( not the dead cheeses that are imported here ) . 
  i have no idea how intelligent you are , but you do come across as a giant asshole . 
  [ is that where the canadian tuxedo came from ? 
  ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=canadian+tuxedo ) lol, 
  yeah , he 's just a little guy . 
  actually would have been a more believable excuse . 
  you may have a job waiting for you in moscow haha . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i 'm just not so full of myself that i presume to apologize for the 300 + million people in my country . 
   i 'm very embarrassed for this and apologize for the actions of my countrymen . 
  i do n't know if there 's more , rather i think some of them are much more vocal and visible than they were before the crisis , and for that reason it seems like there 's more of them . 
   146 % certainly the percentage of the vote putin will receive in the next `` election . '', 
  future headline : `` more russians than ever feel letdown by government . '', 
  of course . 
  who can say no to sprinkles ? 
  yes . 
  please start shipping as much irish ice cream to the u.s. as possible , and include those little chocolate sticks you put in the cones as well !, 
  most would learn about him in high school , if they did n't learn about him before that . 
  my mom would talk to me about him when i was as young as 8-9 . 
  a little shit talking never hurt anyone !, 
  i do n't know , [ san francisco fog ] ( http://utsglobalexchange.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/golden-gate-bridge-fog_21245_990x742.jpg ) is pretty incredible ... unless you 're trying to drive in it , of course . 
  hahaha . 
  excellent point !, 
  you 'll probably have to fight over that with germany and france lol . 
  your best shot would be to try and play off the newly resurrected hre and neo-napleonic france against each one another ( should n't be too hard , actually ) . 
  my ancestors were frisian , so i might be able to justify going and fighting beside you guys . . 
  although i suppose i would be pretty busy in the us fighting off british , spanish , and french invasions ... 
  i know . 
  everyone in the world would have to fight a massive war against each other , and each of us would probably have to fight for opposing sides . 
  it would be a mess haha . 
  `` instead of letting the west starve us , we 'll starve ourselves !, 
  that will show them ! '', 
  my family name is lafleur . 
  i guess the family came from friesland , but i 'm not sure exactly where . 
  i think my dad 's uncle did a lot of research on it , and went back and visited before he died . 
  i need to get a hold of the research he did . 
  when the family came to the u.s. in the late 1800 's they settled in a dutch farming community in iowa , and then later moved to a dutch farming community in michigan . 
  my dad 's side pretty much kept marrying other dutch-americans , which is probably why i supposedly look dutch despite my family being here for more than a century . 
  yeah , those too . 
  lets bring back all the dead empires , the world will be a wonderful place . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  my family still has a straight french last name , so most people here just assume i 'm of french decent . 
  i usually do n't correct people because then i have to try to explain to them why i 'm of dutch decent with a french last name . 
  it gets confusing for a lot of americans lol . 
  i actually had a friend who visited the netherlands a few years ago , and in the middle of her trip she randomly messaged me and said , `` everyone here looks like you ! '', 
  haha . 
  i messaged her back saying that i guess that made sense since i 'm of dutch decent . 
  she had no idea haha . 
  i hope to visit someday , and figure out which towns or cities my family came from , and do a little sightseeing . 
  turkey should have control of the entire middle-east , and while we 're at it why do n't we go ahead and resurrect the frankish empire in europe . 
  oops haha . 
  lucas actually owns the sf bay area , it 's steven spielberg who owns la , and i do n't think he 's selling anytime soon ... 
  the swiss always seem to get everything right , but do so without anyone noticing haha . 
   protestants came to seek refuge from all over my ancestors were huguenots from somewhere in france that ended up in friesland ( or is it frisia ? ) . 
  they picked a great country to flee to !, 
  he can pay it by forcing his daughter to sell the ridiculous mansion she bought and la ( and hopefully make her move back to the uk ) . 
  everyone wins that way . 
  hey man , what do you have against the hoff ??? 
  lol, 
   do n't wear anything ostensibly jewish , especially if in oslo why is this ? 
   harlem is right above and not so safe . 
  i 've never felt unsafe in harlem ( have n't hung out in east harlem much though ) . 
   do n't get insulted if someone has never heard of your country , confuses yours for another one , does idiotic stereotypes about it , or asks retarded questions ( ie . 
  `` wow !, 
  you have an iphone ? 
  do they have those in your country '' ? ) . 
  most people are just terribly informed about the world . 
  actually perfectly natural to be offended by this stuff , imo . 
   but , if you do ask for direction , ask at least three different people . 
  best advice .
