  seriously though , both germany the u.s. operate under different social contracts - so of course one 's welfare system would not work for the other . 
  we have welfare standards ? 
  this is news to me . 
  from a foreigners perspective , it seems like interest groups in france - often representing a minority opinion - are very good at holding very loud and effective protests . 
  i think if these surveys were honest they would just list `` by the beach in san diego '' as the best place to live in the world . 
  it 's 75 fahrenheit ( 24 celsius ) year round , everyone seems to be fairly wealthy , it 's somewhat dry for a beach city ( so humidity is n't too bad ) , it has fantastic food from all over the world , great music scene , and it 's super laid back and really close to mexico . 
  unless you really like skiing ( in which case you 'll have to drive two hours ) it has pretty much everything you would want . 
  * note : this post paid for by the san diego tourism board . 
  i think he 's just trying to stir the pot a bit , and get a reaction . 
  you can get arrested for racist comments ? 
  in the uk ? 
  stfu asshole . 
  in the uk i know you have pretty strict laws for libel and false advertising . 
  here they 're both very lightly regulated . 
  come on . 
  if it 's not racist it 's bigoted at the very least . 
  europeans : always running around censoring speech they do n't like . 
  * sigh *, 
  trust me , they just make things messier . 
  not every country is ever going to agree on a tax though . 
  if you really wanted to tax corporations effectively you would get rid of the corporate income tax - since it 's obviously becoming impossible to enforce - and replace it with higher capital gains taxes ( income generated from stocks and other investments ) so that the individual shareholders of a corporation pay taxes on the profits from their investments . 
  i suppose the individual shareholders could all move to low-tax jurisdictions , but it is n't likely . 
  it 's just a different way of taking the same amount of money out of a business , and it removes all incentives for the corporations to engage in any sort of tax avoidance . 
  this is n't new news , and it 's definitely not illegal , but congress decided they wanted to make a show of it today . 
  at least here , politicians have been whining for a very long time about companies not bringing money they make overseas to america to be taxed . 
  as far as i know most countries in europe use a territorial tax system , meaning that companies are n't taxes in their countries of origin for profits realized in say the u.s. or china . . 
  in the u.s. companies are on the hook for taxes on all profits made in other countries as soon as the bring it back to the u.s. 
  so large companies like apple just park those profits offshore , and borrow the money the need domestically at like 2 % interest rather than bringing it back at a 35 % federal tax rate ( plus state taxes for whatever state they 're in ) . 
  i say good for apple . 
  keep it up . 
  all five of those reasons are pretty much bullshit . 
  american 's do n't understand eurovision because we do n't watch eurovision , and we do n't watch eurovision because we 're not european so we do n't participate . 
  whoever wrote this article is the most annoying kind of american . 
   * the problem is that we 're not sure that hollande has the balls , political will or desire to carry out even a fraction of what 's needed to sort france out . 
  * the same can be said for all recent french presidents though , ca n't it ? 
  i agree about liberalization though . 
  actually they interviewed 1,000 greeks for their sample , and there 's a margin of error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points . 
  pew is generally a highly respected polling firm in the united states . . you can read about the methodology [ here ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/05/13/survey-methods-48/ ), 
  remember when they thought a 35-hour work week would get rid of unemployment ? 
  their policy makers have always been ... umm , let 's call them `` creative . '', 
  i disagree . 
  i think turkey 's population would make them too powerful inside the eu , and for that reason france and germany will never allow them to join . 
  it might be a good thing too : the eu is already having a tough enough time attempting to get along . 
  that 's right , brother !, 
  i 'm surprised france has n't surrendered yet !, 
  are european nazis more understanding or something ? 
  lol, 
   is n't it time europe pivot towards the one country who can offer a counterbalance to us domination , illegal wars and spying ? 
  yeah ... have fun with that . 
  also sums up what we think of europe . 
  yeah , dead now . 
  luck finally ran out . 
  looking at the map in the article , it does appear that it happened closer to the tl than to japantown . 
  honestly , i 'm not quite sure why they even mention japantown in the article . 
   almost any place worth living in the states carries a good chance of dying for the honour of being there . 
  i 've been living here for 33 years . 
  i must really be tempting fate by now !, 
  the vast majority of urban areas are controlled by democrats lol . 
  it actually is technically in sf . 
  their used to be several neighborhoods like it , but most have been gentrified by now . 
  i have n't lived in sf for like 15 years now , but the fillmore district next door used to be pretty rough , but i heard it had been gentrified . 
  thugs could have come from there , but still pretty out of the ordinary for that to happen in japantown . 
  i hope they catch the perps . 
  article says it was near japantown , which is actually pretty far from the tenderloin and downtown . 
  it 's usually a really safe area . 
  considering they 're all extremely poor , the latter seems a lot more likely than the former . 
  when i see `` silent bomber '' it makes me think of someone silently farting on the metro . 
  goddamn terrorists . 
  why are we discussing whether belgium is a failed state , and comparing it to the us ? 
  regardless of population , every nation has the chance to qualify a certain number of athletes for the same events . 
  if the uk qualified for more events they could have sent more athletes . 
  uk can enter just as many events as the us , and have the potential to send just as many . 
  if their athletes do n't qualify for enough events to send 550 then that 's their fault . 
  considering there were several thousand `` eu athletes , '' and like 550 us athletes , this is actually just kind of sad ... 
  hypothetically , can turkey be suspended from nato if they cease to operate a democratic system ? 
  i know if would probably never happen because of the strategic necessities of an alliance with turkey , but would it be possible ? 
  trump is n't stupid , he 's just a shameless right-wing populist and an unrepentant bigot . 
  he 's worse than stupid , really . 
  if he was stupid he would have an excuse . 
  it 's mockery , not anger . 
  lol . 
  his stupidity makes sense . 
  he 's not a pollster , dumbass lol . 
  [ i 'm really not sure what you 're problem is , but this is easily verifiable common knowledge . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nate_silver#fivethirtyeight.27s_election_forecasts ), 
  brexit polls were a mess . 
  statisticians track scores of polls here , and use models to tell you with near certainty who will win the election , and how by around how many electoral votes they 'll receive . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  why is england supposed to get a full meal , when all the other countries just get one food item . 
  this is exactly why it did n't work out between the uk and eu !, 
  polls are pointing in that direction . 
  he 's historically unpopular with the general electorate . 
  lol, 
  hillary in a landslide . 
  details are obviously still emerging , but appears german police responded very impressively . 
  i 've tried annoying my by telling them california wines are better , and they just tell me that california wines are french because the grapes are french lol . 
  the spanish stole mexico from the indigenous tribes , and then mexico stole mexico from the spanish and then the us stole half of mexico from the mexicans . 
  two-thirds of britons are absolutely correct . 
  who said it was good ? 
  it has a lot of strategic importance .
