  did n't do anything . 
  those dang dirty nazi sympathisers . 
  oh and especially czechoslovakia and austria who totally did n't ask for uk help and just gave it all up to team up with the nazis . 
  ( i 'm not blaming the uk for anything by the way your men and women fighting in the war and fighting for it at home are heroes . ), 
  by the way this was a sarcastic post . 
  i figured i 'd clarify . 
  the uk is doing this on purpose to try and gain leverage in the negotiations . 
  because i am a dummy , thanks for catching it . 
  i wish the uk the best of luck trying to gain full entry into the single market while not respecting the four freedoms . 
  thank you . 
  thanks !, 
  do you know the name of that documentary ? 
  i suspect that the sad part is that those deprived communities are in fact not deprived by the eu at all , and leaving is not going to better their situation in the slightest . 
  but i 'd like to see for myself before i can be totally sure , of course . 
  i think it is in fact most likely to be that outcome . 
  saying the uk has similar benefits and obligations is not the same as special privileges . 
  essentially the uk would become akin to norway and to a lesser degree switzerland : practically nothing changes and they are still in the single market and also required to adhere to eu laws . 
  however the big difference lies in that the uk loses their right to vote in the eu political systems . 
  they become followers without a voice and barely any influence . 
  it 's an awful deal . 
  they 're essentially just giving up all control for no apparent reason . 
  but it 's less devastating to the economy than flat out leaving the single market , and they can sell it to the people as a big `` we 're leaving the eu '' thing . 
  oh yeah , lab-grown meat would solve a lot of this if it was viable right now , but it is n't and op 's article clearly seems to call for some timely action . 
   also , i think that reducing farts from human can help that as well . 
  not sure how to address that , to be honest . 
  tax beans until they are too expensive to eat, 
  at first glance there a lot of merit to this idea , but i am not sure this is the proper solution . 
  it is , purely from an environmental standpoint , very polluting to produce meat at the scale we are doing now . 
  greenhouse gasses are expelled in huge amounts , for instance . 
  an overabundance of nitrates is another huge problem . 
  meat production is also extremely inefficient and we can feed a lot more humans if we use the various crops used to grow livestock for slaughter to feed people instead . 
  raising the tax , however , will mean that meat-producing companies will try to find ways to survive . 
  they will begin to cut costs in every single way possible . 
  this can be absolutely disastrous to animal welfare ( yes , the animals get killed but there is still some significance to how they are kept while growing , and how they are slaughtered ) . 
  it can also be disastrous to the quality and safety of the meat . 
  unless every single country in the world taxes meat out of the market , which frankly is not going to happen , there will be a big possibility that a lucrative underground meat-market will appear . 
  let 's say just the eu taxes meat in this fashion . 
  there might start a large-scale smuggle of meat from nearby non-eu countries such as ~ ~ england ~ ~ ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry russia . 
  that meat is completely unregulated and thus not subject to any safety and health standards . 
  this is frankly an unrealistic proposal as it hinges on unanimous action by all the world 's nations . 
  what a much better solution would be is to lower meat subsidies ( and let the market regulate this entirely ) and perhaps invest in meat alternatives . 
  meat is already fairly expensive . 
  if consumers get the choice between 5 euros worth of ground beef or paying 2,50 euros for the same amount of `` ground '' meat substitutes that fulfill similar needs in terms of taste and so forth , i would imagine that so many consumers would choose the substitute that there will already be a huge reduction in meat consumption , which in turn affects the size of production in a more subtle way compared to just dumping a bunch of tax on meat . 
  there 's already more than enough societal inequality , even in the types of food people eat . 
  it 's the farts and such from the sheer number of animals kept that are a big contributor . 
  not co2 , as was properly corrected , but things like methane gasses which are more potent greenhouse gasses than co2 . 
  the fact that these people have not even had their first interview is extremely tragic . 
  however , this is the reality of dealing with an overwhelming stream of refugees . 
  especially when other migrants that are not escaping war try to take advantage of the situation . 
  i am , however , at a complete loss how the people in this article have come to the opinion that living in a warzone with their life in danger is somehow better than living in a , admittedly quite spartan , refugee camp in greece where there is no war and no risk of bombings , etc. 
  i honestly can not answer that particular question . 
  i 'd * imagine * the worst thing is that the eu could insist the uk gave a clear signal if they were in or out . 
  it 's to be expected that the uk is discussing things like this at the earliest opportunity . 
  the uk does n't have a vast number of diplomats , in fact it relied on the eu for a lot of trade-diplomacy with non-eu countries ( simply because the eu trades as a block so they never had to hire their own uk staffers ) . 
  considering they have a fairly low diplomatic capacity , it makes sense that they are rushing to at least probe every possible option they have before they get forced into official exit negotiations with the eu . 
  obviously this is not going to lead to a trade deal between britain and india overnight . 
  these deals can take a very long time to hammer out . 
  so they have to be early to be ready for a post-brexit britain in 2018-2019 . 
  i would n't quite say that . 
  several member states are eagerly eyeing uk businesses . 
  take france for example , they are very keen on pulling uk based banks over to france instead . 
  but ireland for instance definitely wants a good deal with the uk . 
  i never said the uk was breaking any rules right now . 
  there are rules in place however governing the eu and its relations with non-eu countries . 
  those must be adhered to , yet for example boris johnson seems to believe that the rules will not apply to the uk . 
  for instance , his talk of saying uk citizens working in the eu wo n't be affected , while the uk can limit eu immigration , is simply ridiculous . 
  you either have complete freedom of movement or you do n't , it 's not a one-way deal . 
  i completely agree , and want to stress that ` experts ' are not infallible in the slightest . 
  but they should be seen as a wealth of information , not some kind of villain that tries to manipulate society for the elite . 
  while i am sure some experts have a bit of a high-horse , they are people after all , it is the very nature of scientific research that says that you are ** not ** right by default . 
  in fact , the entire scientific process hinges on the assumption that not only are experts not right by default ( as they have to back up their arguments and be subjected to constant peer-review ) , it also hinges on the idea that humans can not know everything , so there are always new areas to study . 
  i have not seen many experts consciously belittle people that question them . 
  sure , a few do , but then people can be assholes . 
  your example of automotives is frankly very disingenuous as this is quite simply not how scientists operate . 
  if you look at the brexit , economists and political analysts have constantly looked at the various points the leave campaign brought up , and provided factual evidence to show that many leave arguments are entire fabrications ( take the ' 350 million pounds for the nsh ' thing for example . 
  or the debacle on immigration and uk-expat rights ) . 
  that is not scientists turning around to ` giggle with their co-workers ' , that is scientists providing solidly backed up evidence that shows clearly that the arguments that leave used are bad , and that in their opinion the brexit is a bad idea . 
  the scientific community would generally welcome a concrete , scientifically sound , counterargument to the pro-brexit camp but quite honestly that has not been the case . 
  it has just been unverifiable or patently wrong information that is being peddled and now the british people are paying the price for it . 
  if you simply look at the video for instance posted in this very thread , you can see a scientist explaining the consequences of brexit and later explain what the various lies of the leave camp have been . 
  your example is quite simply hyperbole . 
  obviously the magazine writer is a dick , but this is not how researchers are , you can not generalize this . 
  university level studies do not automatically turn normal people into high and mighty snobs that look down on the lower educated . 
  honestly , if you have evidence of * widespread * abuse from scientists towards non-academics , feel free to post it . 
  obviously i do n't mean cherry picking but a systematic attitude . 
  because i am not seeing it . 
  what i am seeing are scientists providing evidence to support their arguments , usually against a brexit but indeed at times in favor , and they are subsequently attacked for being somehow ` wrong ' , without the attackers providing any sort of basis as to why the research is wrong . 
  that is anti-intellectualism at its finest , and anti-intellectualism in my opinion erodes the very fabric of our society , as it was built upon centuries of research and the practical application of said research . 
  just to give you my own hyperbole example of this anti-intellectual situation : a scientist writes an article providing evidence that grass is green . 
  someone tells the scientist `` screw your so called ` expert opinion ' . 
  grass is red '' the person does n't show any evidence that grass is red . 
  he just prefers to believe grass is red . 
  this does not in fact make him right . 
  firstly , i do n't think such sweeping generalizations about the humility of economists can be made . 
  second , i never made the implication that there existed experts that understood every facet of the eu , or geopolitics , or economics . 
  nor did i imply that experts were infallible . 
  however , i make the case that experts are generally far more knowledgeable about whatever subject they are an expert on , than the average person that did not spend years studying the subject matter . 
  for an issue as complex as a brexit , to then claim that experts are wrong and should not be listened to by default is incredibly disingenuous . 
  while it is impossible to make a 100 % informed decision for an expert , it is frankly ludicrous to expect a lay person to be at the level of understanding that an expert is . 
  if the question is : `` how will brexit affect the uk economy ?
