  '' , do you not think that it is far wiser to listen to ( a group ! ), 
  of experts , rather than ignoring what they say and basing your opinion on whatever , say , the tabloids write ? 
  there are specific physical and mental standards put into place for a long time that determine whether or not an individual is fit to join the military . 
  these standards are intended to provide a baseline so the military is able to reliably operate on a certain level . 
  if , just as an example , the qualification standard is to be able to run 50 miles and do 200 pushups afterwards every day , and a woman is able to do so , i see no reason to exclude them . 
  ( i know this standard that i made up is ridiculous but it 's just an example ) however , it becomes problematic if the goal is not to produce fit troops , but to produce a diverse military . 
  in other words , if , for the sake of increasing gender diversity , the standard in my example is lowered to a 25 mile run and 100 pushups , that is a liability that i am heavily against . 
  so i applaud the lifting of this ban but i hope that the physical and mental requirements do not change , or it will affect the entire quality of the british military . 
  it 's very simple in my opinion . 
  the eu did n't kick the uk out . 
  the uk voted to leave . 
  if they do indeed end up leaving the eu , they must do so with a clear understanding of the rules , and these rules must be adhered to properly . 
  this is not a matter of punishing the uk . 
  this is simply a matter of applying the rules that the uk themselves , as an eu member state , agreed to put in place . 
  it would be incredibly disingenuous to not just existing member states , but also potential new ones , if the uk was given the opportunity to bend the rules that * they themselves * helped make and agreed to . 
  thing is , that is why people ** should ** listen to experts , who dedicate years of research on these matters , and know what they are talking about . 
  here is the thing , nobody is going to say `` i am tired of these experts , let 's just fire every so called ` expert ' at nasa and build a rocket to jupiter ourselves ! '', 
  because they know that you need people that spent years studying complicated systems like the various aspects of physics to stand a chance at a reliably successful outcome . 
  the eu and geopolitics , and economics , etc are so complex that you need experts for that too . 
  yet here , people seem ready to just accept their gut feeling . 
  it is sad that this kind of mentality seems to be spreading because combining experts in various fields for scientific advances is the foundation of our civilization . 
  please note that i am not trying to point fingers are either remain or leave . 
  i have seen anti-intellectualism on both sides of the field . 
  fact is that there is plenty of good criticism to be had of the eu and with the current polarization , experts criticizing the eu have been under attack from pro-eu ` ers as well sometimes . 
  i would n't say he begged , but if that is your biggest problem with the analysis in question i do n't see how it is still not a good one ? 
  pretty sure farage thinks this is funny . 
  he has no hatred of junker the person at all , they mess around with each other and are opposed ideologically but they 're still colleagues that joke around . 
  well , firstly i am of the opinion that this kind of behavior needs to be stopped ergardless . 
  but secondly , i do n't think it is a matter of ` change their mind ' , as much as a frustration that people have with seeing this type of news , which is honestly relatively common for various reasons , and then not seeing an appropriate follow-up . 
  these situations do grow nationalist sentiment , and it is an exponential process . 
  of course there are people solidly in the far-right , xenophobia , corner that will stay there regardless . 
  but such massive ( and growing ) support for nationalist parties and ideas is not something that is fundamentally rooted in so many people 's minds . 
  it has to get there , and it gets there through dissatisfaction over how these problems are being resolved , if they are resolved at all . 
  the fact that it has gotten to the point in denmark that it is unsafe for grad students to drive through a neighborhood because a significant group of people will try to attack them shows fairly obviously that things have been left to deteriorate for a while . 
  this does not suddenly and spontaneously happen just because a handful of immigrants moved into the neighborhood . 
  something has gone deeply wrong here . 
  and it is not just that area , there 's plenty of places where things are out of control . 
  the `` sharia-controlled zones '' in english cities are a good ( if perhaps slightly overblown ) example . 
  people see this and wonder what happened , grow angry at foreigners in general , and you get a sharp increase in xenophobic-nationalist sentiment . 
  just like / u/istilllikechieftain says : the stereotypes are being justified ever more frequently . 
  nothing effective seems to happen to stop this , and moderates ( i am including `` normal '' law-abiding muslims in this ) suffer as both extremes start to clash . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  and it is the fact that this kind of behavior is not cracked down hard on that is a big part of the driving force behind things like the brexit , or right-wing movements in general . 
  well what other reasons can you think of ? 
  i am finding this behavior very difficult to explain , especially since it is such an organized attack . 
  heartbreaking that the scots have to go through with this even though the vast majority of them voted to remain . 
  yes but will you actually get the referendum ? 
  what if the uk government just tells you `` no '' ? 
  does that petition really have any value though ? 
  honestly , does it have even the slightest of chances to cause a second referendum ? 
  i do n't know the stance of the uk government on petitions . . 
  well i mean , i agree about the stereotype but i disagree that following the rules that everyone , * including the uk * , agreed on is somehow the ` guantanamo treatment ' . 
  as i said , above all the people . 
  but you can not deny that certain politicians made a huge effort to sway voters towards brexit , and they especially look bad because they lied about several things . 
  take the whole ' 350 million pounds will go to the nhs ' thing that farage shot down the morning after . 
  do n't worry . 
  even if we ca n't get all of them , our country has a strong base of ~ ~ american ~ ~ 100 % dutch multinationals like starbucks headquartered here so we 'll be fine . 
  why is he a moron ? 
  aside from being hypocritical because special treatment has been the de-facto norm almost in the eu for a while . 
  you can not blame the eu for ` punishing 48 % of voters '' . 
  this is all on the british politicians but above all the people , that is how democracy works . 
  flanders should be part of the netherlands . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ may ^ ^ ^ ^ have ^ ^ ^ ^ some ^ ^ ^ ^ bias ^ ^ ^ ^ ... 
  do n't worry , in early december the adults will become black . 
  by the logic of a significant number of people on the left , you are completely wrong and a person leaving a poor but peaceful country in say , africa , to come to europe is in fact a refugee . 
  you have never heard of the term `` economic refugee '' ? 
  on top of that , you are basically a problematic nationalist for using the term `` let in '' because borders are a western idea used to contain people and steal their wealth in the process , borders should be abolished . 
  this is a * very firm * belief that many people on the far left hold . 
  source : i was a former member of the amsterdam antifa . 
  if it truly is the decision of the people , how can you possibly proclaim to value democracy yet find that unacceptable ? 
  now , in your examples , you picked two instances where the people did not actually have much to choose at all , so they 're not good examples of an actual democratically elected government . 
  afghanistan is corrupt to the core and saudi arabia is just a monarchy . 
  you should try pasta with mayonnaise . 
  maybe not everyone but `` zwarte piet is racist '' will trigger plenty of dutch i 've noticed . 
  as for england , try `` you 're just little america '' or `` monarchies are n't democracies '', 
  i do n't know why you are even posting this here , when everything somewhat critical of the refugee crisis is not welcome in / r/europe . 
  i agree with that , and that is why i do not see things changing . 
  maybe that 's even a good thing , i do n't know . 
  but the only way to move to a federalist eu in a short time that i can see is if they radically take a populist angle . 
  otherwise the eu federalists are going to have to come to terms with the fact that at this point , their dream is dead . 
  a strong europe that is not so elitist . 
  juncker especially shows the utter elitism of europe with his remarks . 
  this might not be a very popular opinion here but the only way to get * quick * public support for europe is for the eu to go full populist and copy many points from popular movements ( aside from euroscepticism of course ) . 
  i do n't know the ramifications of this in the long term but if you want to speed things up , this is at this point your only way . 
  the forces against eu federalism are using this exact tactic and as you can see , it is working and a nuanced approach to counter it is not . 
  ` the people ' do not want nuance . 
  it will not go over well and it wo n't even be reported by the media . 
  people ( in generalized terms ) want quick , decisive , brief actions that speak to their gut feeling . 
  after all , the majority of people vote in a large part with their gut . 
  this all may sound pretty awful from an intellectualist standpoint but this is the reality . 
  people do not sit down and spend a few hours thinking over the various merits and flaws of political stances that parties have . 
  they let their gut do most of the talking . 
  hence sanders but above all trump are so popular in the us as well ( i 'm using the us as an example because it is so obvious ) . 
  it depends on what the goal is . 
  if the goal of the eu is to move towards a federal europe then they are messing it up big time . 
  if their goal is to move towards a loose eu that is reduced to a trade organisation again then they are on the right track . 
  the only way to get people excited for eu federalism is if the eu takes overall populist stances that rally the majority . 
  look at eurosceptic groups . 
  what are their main talking points ? 
  loss of sovereignty and immigration control .
