  i have n't bought it yet but from what i 've read online : [ i 'm not sure what you mean by snape and the blanket one . 
  i think amos was under imperio by delphie . 
  bellatrix was pregnant during harry 's sixth year , not seventh . 
  ] ( / spoiler ) sorry if these are wrong . 
  also you should fix your spoiler tags . 
  type ( / spoiler ) after the [ ] . 
  true , that seems weird . 
  now i really want to read it because i 'm curious about all these things that were n't spoiled to me so i 'll get it from piratebay now before i buy it tomorrow ... 
  okay , thanks !, 
  i 'm reading it right now ... 
  though why was i wrong about [ bellatrix ] ( / spoiler ) ? 
  [ we 're saying the exact same thing ; delphi was born before the battle of hogwarts ... 
  though yes , people should have noticed about the baby . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  maybe it 's because they removed the footsteps ? 
  i 'm not sure i think i 've missed what happened too . 
  yes that 's exactly what i thought too . 
  it is after the ending credits . 
  always watch them on shameless . 
  it 's not in every episode but it 's in a few so i always do . 
  the songs used are nice anyway so its fine . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  cringe is what i felt reading this . 
  that guy does n't actually want to change as a person , he just wants to be considered good by the christian standards ; one of his questions is literally `` why do women act the way they do ? 
  let me tell you why you 're a piece of shit . 
  if you had mentioned anything about bad experiences with girlfriends on your post , you would have used that as an argument for your bias against women . 
  this lady right here just told you that even though she had had bad experiences with relationships with men , she still does n't think less of men as a whole , just the ones that have disappointed her . 
  what you do , on the other hand , is meet some shitty women and then go and blame their behaviour on the fact that they are women , instead of blaming it on them as a completely seperate person . 
  so no , you ca n't reply with a `` it seems like you have a bad taste in men '' because that 's the exact opposite of what you think about yourself . 
  when i read the umbridge bit i did n't picture it as flying , but as one of those anime 10-meter-high jumps they do during fights . 
  just when she saw snape with scorpius and she prepared for a duel or something . 
  that 's what i got . 
  it 's s2e06 that ana lucia kills shannon . 
  s2e07 is the other 48 days and s2e08 is the ana lucia-centric where she lets libby , bernard , eko , michael , sawyer , sayid and jin join the other survivors . 
  really ? 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  please eli5 why everyone hates let 's kill hitler ? 
  it 's not 13 . 
  thanks !, 
  i actually like river so this is one of my favourite episodes . 
  more like 2 weeks but still it 's surprising . 
   did you notice the sun originally was kind of conservative korean and could barely speak english but later in the show , she spoke a lot more americanized . 
  the writers probably did n't really care about this , but i thought it was an interesting shift . 
  did you notice ? 
  i thought the same thing with jin , it seemed like he was angry and conservative but then later in the show , they completely changed his personality . 
  what does conservative korean mean ? 
  sun 's english and accent both became better since she was on the island surrounded by people speaking on english for 3 months . 
  jin was not exactly `` conservative '' in season 1 , he was just overly-protective . 
  after the raft fails and he comes back to the island he has become sweeter , because he loves sun and he understands she does n't want him to be like he was . 
   early in the show , it looked like sawyer was a conman and then in the flash-sideways towards the end of the show , he was a cop . 
  i wonder why they changed his profession ? 
  miles also . 
  did i miss something or did the writers just wanted sawyer to be a cop ? 
  from s6e08 , `` recon '' :, 
    charlotte : why did you become a cop ? 
    sawyer : well ... 
  i guess i. . . got to a point in my life where i was either going to become a criminal or a cop . 
  so i chose cop . 
  the writers wanted to show that what happened to him as a child could have led him to become a cop or a con man . 
  in reality he chose con man but here we see what he would have been like as a cop . 
  besides , many others , like ben , desmond , locke , have different professions than those in the original timeline . 
   helen was a 900 operator and the was locke 's wife/fiance in the flash-sideways . 
  did locke ever meet helen in real life ? 
  of course he met her . 
  she was the whole point of his many flashback episodes ... she appeared in s2e03 and s2e17 and she was in a relationship with john . 
  when he came back from the island he visited her grave . 
  the 900 operator was not * the * helen . 
  it was just a 900 operator john started talking to * years * after he broke up with helen . 
   there was one scene where jin was buying a toy panda bear , it was for a family at his office . 
  apparently he was n't married to sun at the time . 
  i never understood this , jin was n't connected to the story line at all . 
  and then we find he was back on the island . 
  he was n't part of the flash-sideways , purgatory story . 
  can someone explain that brief story arc ? 
  in s4e07 we see a flashback of jin and a flashforward of sun . 
  however they are both presented as flashforwards to the viewer just so that the ending is a plot twist . 
  at that point of his life , jin was only engaged to sun . 
  yes , this story of his past is completely irrelevant to anything , it was just done so that the viewers at first think that he is one of the oceanic 6 . 
  what do you mean by `` he was n't part of the flash-sideways , purgatory story '' ? 
  you realise that the season 4 flashforwards are * not * purgatory , right ? 
  jin was a big part of the flashsideways ( s6e01 , s6e02 , s6e06 , s6e10 , s6e13 , s6e14 , s6e16 , s6e17 ) . 
   why did jacob suddenly need body guards . 
  was n't jacob with the others . 
  why did jacob need body guards from flight 316 ? 
  i 'm not sure about this one !, 
  jacob 's followers from outside the island had the purpose of protecting the candidates after his death , while the others had no knowledge of the candidates ' existence . 
  maybe jacob picked his followers carefully because he did n't want every random other to know what a candidate is . 
   why did frank lapidus , the pilot , get so excited about going to the island and then going back to the island . 
  everyone wants to leave . 
  he wants to go and then want to leave again . 
  i guess the show needed a pilot to eventually get those off the island . 
  he seemed to be the right pilot there at the right time . 
  i 'm not sure i understand because i do n't remember season 5 clearly . 
  frank wanted to go to the island in season 4 because he felt guilty because he was supposed to fly the plane . 
  in season 5 he is not excited from what i remember . 
   on flight 316 , what happened at the end of the show ? 
  if everyone was dead with jack in the church , did kate ever die ? 
  would n't she have died of old age when she made it back ? 
  yes , kate , saywer , claire , rose , bernard , ben , hurley , desmond , penny , eloise , miles and everyone in the flashsideways that we did not see die in the original timeline probably died of old age . 
  maybe kate died 70 years later and even though jack died many decades before , they all met together in purgatory , which of course does not take place in a specific date and time .
