  i do n't think so . 
  two 60-minutes episodes are perfect for each of tpp and te . 
  i see . 
  can someone explain the joke for me ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks . 
  you 're trying to argue about asoue without even knowing the basics . 
  did i do it correctly ? 
  i 'm almost always on mobile and for some reason i can never see the spoiler tags on this sub correctly ( i see the text as a blue link that leads nowhere ) but i can see my spoiler tag alright . 
  it works fine on other subreddits though . 
  [ book spoiler ] ( #b `` they could just not mention his name and have a random character in the end of trr , like the trolley conductor in episode 1 . 
  bruce was at first a character like that anyway , i do n't even think he meant for him to come back . '' ), 
  [ book spoiler ] ( #b `` now , this is not something i 'm complaining about , i do n't even care if he does n't come in tss . 
  the thing i care about is jacquelyn being jacques after all . '' ), 
  who says mr poe 's wife replaced geraldine ? 
  i bet we 'll just see her for the first time in tvv . 
  in the novels his wife is n't the editor either . 
  her name is polly poe and she is only mentioned in tbb . 
  i think eleanora poe is his sister ? 
  i want to believe this is true but that is not evidence of geraldine existing . 
  that was just a treat for the readers to find . 
  not part of the plot . 
  what if they give mr poe a story arc of his own for thh and tcc . 
  nph said he wo n't do more than 26 episodes in total . 
  i think barry sonnenfeld said they 'll do 26 and then might see what they can do afterwards to expand the universe . 
  do you realise that the asoue books are a lot shorter than the hp books ? 
  tpp , the * longest * in the series is shorter than the philosopher 's stone which is the * shortest * hp book . 
  they could also have an article by someone called `` emily browning '' as an easter egg to the movie . 
  that does not mean emily browning exists in the tv show universe . 
  the geraldine julienne part was probably not in the script , so she does n't exist yet . 
  similarly to how in the harry potter movies , the weasly clock has a `` dentist '' tag in the chamber of secrets , but in the half-blood prince wizards do n't even know what a dentist is . 
  well i just hope she appears in the show but im sure they 'll do something nice either way . 
  they already revealed that 2 characters are not who we thought they were so i do n't think they 'll do it again . 
  it 's kind of the same type of plot twist but you 're right . 
  we do n't actually know for sure that their parents are dead ( in the tv show ) , but the audience wouldnt like it if they tried the same thing again and then it ended with them being dead anyway . 
  they are very short , the first one should take 1.5-2 hours to finish and the last ones , which are longer , maybe 4 hours each . 
  the whole book series is as long as the first four harry potter books i think . 
  what ? 
  this is not a vfd easter egg . 
  there are countless three-word phrases in the 8 episodes so of course one of them would accidentally form these letters using letters that are n't even the initials of the words . 
  this is n't even a coincidence because it means nothing . 
  i think their father 's name , bertrand , is mentioned in chapter 14 as well , it 's in that `` a series of unfortunate events '' diary they find on the island . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  * series, 
  it could be , since in the end olaf says he did n't do it . 
  i 've already made a post about every related work to asoue/daniel handler and i think it 's stickied . 
  i 've been meaning to update it since summer though , cause i have n't included some dh music and other stuff . 
  he 's a count in the books as well . 
  in the end of tbb he calls violet `` his countess '' , though this could indeed be a pun in case his first name was count . 
  however , in atwq 3 , i think lemony mentions that there were children of counts that went to his school and later says that one of the students was called olaf ? 
  so if we connect these two points we get that olaf is the son of a count and he inherited the title . 
  something like that but i ca n't remember exactly what they said in that book ... 
  i just ordered it from amazon from someone who had pictures proving it has that dust cover but now that i see the pictures more closely , it seems ... odd . 
  it 's like it 's been printed on some sort of paper . 
  take a look and please tell me if this is what it 's suposed to look like : https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/ol/b004daugma/ref=olp_page_next?ie=utf8&amp;startindex=10#olposipopover10_1485385142483 ( look at the inside of the cover ), 
  ** edit : ** forget it , i cancelled the order because i found another one that was cheaper . 
  i ca n't be sure about the quality of that since it does n't even have pics ( it says like new ) so i 'll have to wait and see . 
  season 3 will pretty much be all the stories in which old characters from seasons 1-2 return . 
  + the slippery slope : bruce , carmelita, 
  + the grim grotto : phil , mr poe, 
  + the penultimate peril : geraldine julienne , hal , sir , charles , justice strauss , jerome , the council of elders , nero , mr remora , mrs bass, 
  + the end : the incredibly deadly viper, 
  they mean books like the unauthorized autobiography , the beatrice letters etc. 
  edgar allan poe 's wife died of tuberculosis , a symptom of which is coughing a lot . 
  two of those kids are the same as the ones at the end of the episode at the school where the baudelaires are sent to . 
  they 're important characters in the books and you 'll see them again in season 2 . 
   clause, 
  you did n't like the penultimate peril ?? 
  the penultimate peril and how they 'll make dewey 's death scene because the physics in that scene did n't work at all and that 's why i love it . 
  how did all three of the baudelaires even hold the harpoon gun when sunny is usually on the floor and very short ? 
  but i still want to see it done as if all three of them are at fault . 
  also i want to see everything else from the penultimate peril . 
  apart from how the baudelaires all held a harpoon gun together , when dewey gets shot he starts going backwards and then , before he falls down he manages to exit the lobby and step into the pond . 
  why did n't he fall on the ground like a second after he was shot ? 
  could you pm me the thing about the locked room ? 
  they explain who beatrice is in the end . 
  i clearly remember the 200-page book was introduced in one of the first books but what i found on the internet just now states that it was in the beatrice letters . 
  i havent read that one , so why do i remember reading about the part with the refusal book ? 
  weird . 
  the pic is photoshopped . 
  there 's only one version in english ; the one with tim curry for all books except books 3-5 , which are read by daniel handler . 
  which death speech are you referring to ? 
  the one about the feeling you get from the one extra step on the stairs ? 
  cause aunt josephine tells that in the show . 
  i recently started listening to nightvale ( i 'm on episode 3 ) and i was just telling my friend how much it reminds me of the all the wrong questions books . 
  i would n't say unfortunate events though , but they 're the same universe anyway . 
  i ordered the unauthorized autobiography from amazon which costs 5 $ ... plus 15 $ for shipping because i live in greece , so 20 $ in total . 
  ( no greek shops have it and i wanted the original hardcover one with the dust cover so amazon.com was the only option for me . ), 
  they really are n't supposed to look similar . 
  the villagers would mistake any man with a unibrow and a tattoo of an eye on his ankle for olaf . 
  i hope they cast someone who looks very younger , maybe blonde and anyway looks nothing like olaf . 
  it does n't matter that book!olaf does n't look like show!olaf , what matters is that book!olaf does not look like book!jacques , thus show!olaf must n't look like show!jacques . 
  the slippery slope will be a premiere , so it will be really awful to make the viewers once more believe that the parents are still alive and just reveal after one year of waiting that they are n't ( because the baudelaures found out in tss ) . 
  so either :, 
  + lemony tells the audience right away that the snicket file is not about the baudelaires, 
  + during the austere academy or the ersatz elevator , we see the snicket file being written and a conversation between the people who wrote it . 
  maybe it could be at the end of the austere academy and have esm\u00e9 somehow involved ( i want her to appear in all episodes from season 2 onwards ), 
  + at the end of the vile village , we can see a conversation between quigley and jacques ( in a flashback , with a `` a few weeks ago ) , which will somehow confirm that the survivor everyone will be talking about from now on is actually quigley . 
  also we 'll think at first that he 's duncan because they 're played by the same actor .
