  if it 's not after those three there wo n't be a scene . 
  yeah , what you should do is one discussion thread for each of the episodes and have a stickied post with links to each discussion ( see / r/blackmirror ) . 
  that can replace my everything we know post . 
  how is 13 episodes per book even possible ? 
  lol . 
  it 's 2 episodes per book and season 1 will be the first 4 books , so 8 episodes . 
  yeah i just hope they * do n't * do that . 
  though handler is in the production team so even if they do it wo n't be bad . 
  but i think what they 're doing is the best solution . 
  from the first teaser : [ very flammable dandelions ] ( http://veryflammabledandelions.com ) ( the bad beginning ), 
  from the latest teaser : [ visceral fantabulous debut ] ( http://visceralfantabulousdebut.com ) ( the reptile room ), 
  also the second trailer came out exactly 30 days after the first one , so maybe the third one will be released on 3/12 and the last one on 2/1 . 
  there 's been many comments on it , just not in this thread . 
  it 's actually a good thing they have cast poc actors for some roles since every illustration depicts the characters as white and we would instead end up with an all-white cast . 
  at first i read the title and honestly thought this was / r/todayilearned and was so confused . 
  what is the whole thing with 270 votes about ? 
  if a state can give 10 points and a candidate wins the majority of that state do they get all of the 10 points or the fair percentage ? 
  where did you find the better quality pic ? 
  thanks !, 
  [ shirley disguise . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/03rwxba2yog ), 
  is that `` oh my god , that 's magnificent '' or `` oh my god , that 's horrible '' ? 
  sorry , not that i mind , but why is this post getting upvoted while mine gets downvoted ? 
  i posted the same link first . 
  oh well , okay !, 
  sorry i thought ca means canada . 
  i 'm not even from america so i do n't really know about this stuff . 
  the first four books , two episodes per book . 
  it 's been confirmed that the first season covers the first 4 books , 2 episodes per book . 
  the plan is to make 3 seasons in total . 
  i have one question . 
  [ why was grindelwald pretending to be an auror ? 
  was it to be able get information about the macusa ? 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  ohhh okay , thanks !, 
  fixed . 
  that makes sense , thanks !, 
  yeah but he also played jimmysteve on shameless ( us ) and it 's one of the most liked characters . 
  even i do n't know how that happened . 
  ### it 's `` peek '' . 
  forgive me . 
  she was also in hell bent !, 
  i know and i 'm sorry . 
  series 10 starts in april and it will have 12 episodes . 
  then the 2017 christmas special will be moffat 's last episode as showrunner . 
  wrong link ? 
  i just noticed that the links posted from mobile have `` mobile . '', 
  at the start . 
  we do n't actually know that he 's gay and it 's more likely he is n't . 
  why ca n't i find the bar with the play button ? 
  i think i remember listening to the start of this episode some weeks ago but now it 's not there !, 
  i do n't know about 2014 and 2015 , but there was a comic relief short in 2013 , though i remember it was in spring , not november , so maybe it was n't cin . 
  it was something similar to this year 's fantastic beasts video and back then it was a call the midwife/doctor who/one born every minute crossover . 
  edit : [ this is it . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4doj-9qywl8 ) it was for red nose . 
  anything 's a dildo if you 're brave enough . 
  why not record it !, 
  it 's okay !, 
  though `` a few days '' is just too long !, 
  two weeks in all . 
  why not have purple as the `` mixed reaction '' color ? 
  red + blue = purple . 
  he did watch it . 
  read it again carefully . 
  i was also confused and had to read it again some times . 
  guys is there a mirror ? 
  i do n't have a netflix account !, 
  the brazilian fan account uploaded it on facebook . 
  1:35 pause at the scene with olaf and another man . 
  the shop is on the left . 
  i think i commented this somewhere else too , but my biggest fear is if they do n't manage to bring back all the guest actors for the last episodes . 
  i think season 1 should have been books 1-5 but i do n't mind a lot . 
  i like how season 3 is going to be books 10-13 though , since they all have something in common : each book features an character from the first books coming back :, 
  + tss : carmelita , bruce ( another fear of mine is him not being in trr , not that it affects the plot ), 
  + tgg : phil , mr poe ( he is in the main cast so he will probably return ), 
  + tpp : justice strauss , sir , charles , nero , mr remora , mrs bass , jerome , mrs morrow , mr lesko and the council of elders members , hal, 
  + te : the incredibly deadly viper ( i think we 're safe for this one ), 
  i also did n't like the incredibly deadly viper in the newest trailer , violet 's clothes in tbb , but they does n't ruin anything for me . 
  other fears : we have n't seen mr poe coughing and sunny talking or biting . 
  i hope they handle the talking like that did in the movie ( subtitles ) and not try to be original in every aspect , because the movie was very nice ( except plot-wise and klaus 's glasses-wise ) . 
  source on both of those things ? 
  i guess you 're right about the first one , but bruce 's casting is certainly not official and probably fake . 
  imdb is probably the least credible source on anything , especially before it has even aired . 
  until some weeks ago they had bernadette peters credited as aunt josephine . 
  anyone can edit it !, 
  since there 's no source ( e.g. 
  interview ) for bruce , it 's probably wrong . 
   so we 'll do the first four books , through the wide window . 
  sir . 
  doctor who . 
  after the series 8 finale , it 's `` last christmas '' ( the 2014 christmas special ) , then series 9 ( 12 episodes ) and then the husbands of river song ( the 2015 christmas special ) . 
  / r/prematurecelebration, 
  nope , it 's not . 
  they have everything prepared though , so that in case they get the green light they can start production immediately . 
  you should change the upvote and downvote buttons into something that is ` in ' and something that is ` out ' respectively !, 
  go on / r/himym and look at the images they have instead of the upvote and downvote buttons . 
  they 're a duck and a rabbit . 
  similarly , we could have an aqueous martini glass for the upvotes etc. 
  remember , the sugar bowl is not necessarily something bad . 
  i think parsley soda is in as well .
