  i think many conspiracy theories which claim quigley is a villain stem from the fact that duncan and isadora said they 've been in the school for three ( i think ) semesters , so quigley is lying . 
  but since they never mentioned it again later in the series , it 's pretty clear that their house burned down after the baudelaires ' house and that duncan and isadora were in prufrock only for some weeks at most . 
  that 's great then !, 
  okay then , i 'll try that one . 
  i have n't found it yet , but if i search it i 'm pretty sure it 'll be somewhere online . 
  the other comments suggested sites that have some of the episodes . 
  thanks for the detailed reply !, 
   i 'll try to decide where to start . 
  it 's a plot hole . 
  it 's not like it 's stated anywhere that it was 2-3 weeks . 
  plus , when they are in a tough situation in later books they always say things like `` i would even prefer being with aunt joshepine instead of this place ... '' and then remember their lives with her with nostalgia and all , when in fact they only knew her for less than two days . 
  the timeline is fucked up ... 
  why did someone downvote this ? 
  i hope they do this actually . 
  but they 're not doing additional episodes . 
  i do n't think the quagmire parents would send their children to a school like prufrock . 
  well it 's the bad part of vfd , at least when the baudelaires and quagmires go there , or else they would get a proper education . 
  unless the show changes mr remora and mrs bass and has decent teachers instead . 
  thank you !, 
  i did n't see what sub this was and i thought this was about lost so i was very confused . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i had tried loading an mkv file on wmm and it would n't accept it . 
  that 's why i did n't try it again recently but i might be confused . 
  i just tried using wmm and it worked for some reason , but i also googled it and it says they have to be converted into some other file format in order to work ... weird !, 
  thanks for replying anyway . 
  mr poe literally never had anything to do with the medusoid mycellium . 
  i 've read the books many times . 
  mr poe has had the cough since he was a kid ... 
  source : the unauthorized autobiography, 
  nope !, 
  in the unauthorized autobiography it says that he 's always had the cough , ever since he was younger . 
  how is the [ book spoilers ] ( #b `` denouements being triplets '' ) not a huge revelation ? 
  perhaps no one who has n't read the books even knows what we 're talking about , but this sub has strict rules regarding spoilers ... 
  you 're wrong , buddy . 
  why did olaf call her jacqelyn ? 
  maybe because his character is kind of a stalker . 
  i remember seeing this at the end of a good man goes to war !, 
  it was like 10 seconds long ... 
  i 've been trying to find it since then . 
  but it was only during the first time i watched the episode . 
  not sure but i think rowling said that when a living thing is a horcrux , it must die in order for the horcrux to be destroyed . 
  these could be just random , unexplained things that she needed in the story , but only later found a way to explain ... 
  look , rowling is not the best writer that ever lived , and stop acting like harry potter is a flawless story . 
  she did have the story sort of planned from the beginning , but i think there 's no way she had the horcruxes in mind when writing tps . 
  okay . 
  [ here it is ] ( https://youtu.be/5d3uikgcp7y ) uploaded from the official bbc youtube channel . 
  also i think in cos , the final battle did n't happen at the end of the school year , it happened on valentine 's day . 
  hmm ... 
  okay , thanks , but that 's still not the end of the year , why was i downvoted ? 
  there are extended cuts ( like 10 additional minutes each ) just for ps and cos. . apart from that you can also watch the deleted scenes , that 's all . 
  i think it * is * often deep and raising some philosophical questions now and then , but it 's not at all hard to follow/understand . 
  the first season is the first 4 books , which also happen to be the 4 least good ones . 
  the books just keep getting better and better . 
  i think they both came out in 2009 . 
  harry 's fourth year was september 1994-july 1995 . 
  the second task was after christmas so it was in 1995 . 
  where exactly does it say he died in 1492 ? 
  i do n't remember that one though i see people saying it all the time . 
  the one i know about is that in deathly hallows , harry 's parent 's names on their grave say that they died in 1981 . 
  thanks . 
  i did n't notice that ... you 're probably right . 
  i remember reading an interview where they both said that they have . 
  the only thing i could find now is that malina weissman read them before she got the part ( [ source ] ( https://www.konbini.com/us/entertainment/interview-malina-weissman-series-of-unfortunate-events/ ) ) . 
  yes but they already did the `` secret doctor in between two other doctors '' trick with the war doctor . 
  perhaps in a few decades ... 
  * 12 , not 13, 
  * 11 , not 12, 
  nope . 
  data . 
  there 's no baum either . 
  the names are : gantos , eager , kerr , whelan , cleary , snyder , sones , seibold , walsh , selznick , creech , danziger , koningsburg , lowry , scieszka , griffin , snicket , dahl , woodson , bellairs , kalman , peck . 
  well , back when he wrote it , it was n't like jacquelyn was going to be a character , he just borrowed the last name of author jon scieszka . 
  at the start of episode 5 , when lemony is at the news station , the two anchors ' names are veronica ( the man ) and * vincent fig demetrios * ( the woman ) . 
  [ source ( pdf ) ] ( https://www.dgc.ca/assets/uploads/britishcolumbia/availsproductionlists/documents/production-list.pdf ), 
  but they 'll have finished filming season 2 by then , wo n't they ? 
  ^ it 's ^ actually ^ 25 ^ percent ^ longer, 
  seriously ? 
  the leftovers is shit ? 
  i would n't say that ... 
  trust me , it 's so unimportant that they can just omit it from the show and the story will not be affected in any way . 
  i hope they include it though . 
  jude law is 44 , while dumbledore was 47 in 1928 ( film 2 ) . 
  that 's pretty close . 
  did you want michael gambon to play in the fb films ? 
  susan appears in a photo on the doctor 's desk , we saw that in the clip they released . 
  i 'm guessing river 's appearance is something similar too . 
  about the last one , i think snicket sleuth mentions something about it in one of their theories . 
  edit : [ link ] ( https://snicketsleuth.tumblr.com/post/136070189105/why-was-kit-imprisoned-in-the-thistle-of-the ), 
  where did you find this ? 
  thanks . 
  a series of unfortunate events . 
  one more thing is that what the `` s. '' stands for in `` s. theodora markson '' is hidden in the last volume of atwq . 
  the entire plot of the series happens during the span of less than a year ... 
  thanks , i did n't know that !, 
  that 's not isadora but both girls might be in carmelita 's clique or something . 
  no , they did n't . 
  could this be a reference to something that happened in 1810 ? 
  how do we know fernald meets the great unknown ? 
  i do n't remember that part . 
  thanks !, 
  did you mention cursed child as an example of a good work done by him ?
