  i only have 3x09 left to watch but i 'll also sleep for a couple of hours because it 's on at 4 am where i 'm from . 
  daddy kevin, 
   i like to get a little * l o s t * . 
  who 's the baby . 
  and old laurie . 
  wait , laurie is alive . 
  it seems * i * am a little forward in comparison to everyone here . 
  i 'm not watching on hbo , that might be why . 
  it 's been so many years , maybe she eventually had it removed . 
  pacemaker scars look just like the scar kevin had last episode !, 
  old laurie 's baby would n't really be a baby after so many years though . 
  just like the guy in jarden . 
  edit : goddamnit kevin really try to remember anything . 
  this is brilliant so far . 
  i hate how this episode will get a bad user score on every site just because it does n't answer anything . 
  which episode was he in ? 
  * s03e08, 
  they are where the departed are holy shit . 
  edit : nora thought this was the case . 
  edit 2 : it * is * where they went . 
  edit 3 : what . 
  since we 're not getting any flashbacks , i do n't think she 's telling the truth . 
  no , she did n't . 
  she went where the departures had gone , not the dead people . 
  wait , that 's it ?? 
  i loved it . 
  it was the most quiet finale of any show , yet it was still great . 
  literally , the most action-packed scene in the entire episode was nora falling off her bike . 
  i think it 's one of those things for which we do n't get an answer . 
  sure , tom thought he was a fake but holy wayne * did * say , `` i see my death and it 's coming upon me very soon . '', 
  so i would n't bet on any of the two sides . 
  great theory , but it turned out not to be true . 
  well you 're not wrong . 
  so you 're saying we have n't seen much of the space aspect of the tardis because every episode is set on earth , yet you think almost all of the next series should be set on earth . 
  they did n't kill everyone else . 
  all of the people who went through went to the world of the 2 % ( i think ) . 
   shower, 
  the argument for that is that nora told them to stop pouring in the liquid and left the machine . 
  you can see her opening her mouth right before the flashforward and you may think she either takes a deep breath or yells `` stop '' . 
  look up lindelof 's interview on the finale , he says it 's up to interpretation . 
  he intentionally made it so there 's no way we can know for certain if shes lying or not . 
   the dsd administration setting nora up to chase the carrot stick intentionally ? 
  sorry , i 'm not sure what you 're talking about here . 
   lori with a baby ? 
  the baby is jill 's . 
   kevin clean shaven and wanting to show off his chest scar ? 
  not sure what the issue is . 
  it 's not the twin kevin from last episode of that 's what you 're implying . 
  they just made this parallel between them . 
   his dad is 91 now so does it mean its been 30 years ? 
  that would mean sr. was 61 in season 3 , but we know kevin was ~ 47 at the time , so they would only have an age gap of 14 years ? 
  the finale was around 15 years into the future but i 'm not sure where i read that . 
   matt is dead , 400 people attended his funeral . 
   the dog people are n't a thing ? 
  why would they be ? 
  they have n't even been mentioned since the premiere where i think it was made clear they were part of dean 's delusions . 
  the only way this episode might possibly work for me is to think that nora is in another in-between world after she died in the machine ; that her fantasy about seeing her children was her last thought , a sudden realized fear that she might be entering an opposite world where her family are `` the lucky ones '', 
   in the place she 's in now everyone seems to be pretty immoral in this world she 's living , clean shaven kevin , who was killed by his bearded self in the other in-between-world is now in this other purgatory and is obsessed with nora after his last words were `` we fucked up with nora '', 
  it could be true , but it 's not . 
  confirmed by an interview from damon lindelof . 
  the world we see in the finale is the same world from every other episode except the international assassin episodes . 
   how is she talking to laurie , because laurie is dead too ; and she has a baby , suggesting the baby she miscarried/departed from her body . 
  as i said before the baby is jill 's . 
  laurie did n't die , she just went scuba diving . 
  also confirmed by the interview . 
  ** edit : ** [ here 's the interview ] ( http://www.esquire.com/entertainment/tv/news/a55441/the-leftovers-series-finale-explained/ ), 
  lindelof confirmed laurie is alive and well and that all of the finale took place in the real world . 
  i thought the writers decided to end it and then hbo told them they 'd only do 8 more episodes this season . 
  the dog after everyone had passed out on the table . 
  the entire episode was about suicide :, 
  + at the beginning laurie takes pills to kill herself, 
  + the opening has a song about suicide, 
  + nora telling laurie how to kill herself without anyone knowing by scuba diving, 
  + the story about how judas is laurie and how he killed himself, 
  + laurie actually attempting the suicide nora suggested, 
  she saw everyone around her go crazy so that was the final straw for herself that made her decide to commit suicide . 
  of course this is what we were led to believe after 3x06 . 
  turns out she changed her mind , perhaps because of the phone call or even before that . 
  this has been a very popular theory since a long time ago . 
  and the thing about the hotel turned out not to be true , so ... 
  i think in the translation notes for volume 2 of turn it says that the original japanese volumes were n't colored either . 
  and they should be . 
  i think in 2018 ( 7th anniversary ) kevin was 47 and nora 39 . 
  i 'm on season 3 of that show right now and honestly , i ca n't even imagine how it can have a bad finale . 
  i liked the final episodes of lost and how i met your mother ( which get shit from most people too ) , though many other fans like them too . 
  but with dexter , not a single person seems to like it ... 
  i wonder how bad it is . 
  yeah this list is only the top final episodes ever though . 
  the one in the link is every episode ever . 
  when i made the post the episode used to be # 71 on that , now it 's # 72 . 
  i have n't watched it but i think the six feet under finale is the exact opposite of the dexter finale . 
  literally everone loves it ( while literally everyone hates the dexter finale ) . 
  yeah , it 's been like that for a couple of weeks . 
  it 's not even second place now all of a sudden , it 's much lower ... 
  also , that 's odly not the one with the lowest score . 
  it 's on the second-to-last place , only behind the two and a half men finale . 
  nope . 
  i just ca n't drop shows . 
  also i 've heard seasons 5-7 are good . 
  not as good as seasons 1 and 4 which get the most praise but still good .
