  its probably : `` please make an appointment with my secretary opposite me . '', 
  nero 's office !, 
  with season 1 , every unconfirmed actor who was in the cast list on imdb turned out to be in the show ( like one of mr. poe 's sons and that annoying old lady from the cinema ) . 
  so this one and the actor for mr remora could be valid information , since they too are minor characters . 
  the flash-sideways story does not take place after they died . 
  of course it does n't take place before they died either . 
  there is no `` time '' there so the ones who died earlier than the others did n't have to wait for everyone to die . 
  they all arrived there together . 
  that was the april fool 's joke by 667 . 
  and i did n't say everything on imdb is valid , i only said we ca n't completely reject anything with certainty . 
  especially when it 's about minor characters like the school professors . 
  yeah but no-one had to wait for the others because there 's no time in the flash sideways . 
  yes , but that does not mean nothing true can come out of it . 
  all i 'm saying is we should n't say this casting is fake certainly . 
  i 've read the manga and watched the anime and i 'm pretty sure both boys * did * kill those people . 
  keiichi 's friends were just covering for him because they knew he was into something suspicious and that 's what friends like that do . 
  as for satoshi , i ca n't remember when exactly they said a street thug did it because it 's been quite some time since i last read the manga , so i ca n't recall how the police came to that conclusion , but it could have something to do with takano and tokyo . 
  i think teppei died and then mion had the sonozaki family move the body or something like that ... 
  but i ca n't remember why satoko kept claiming he 's alive . 
  i really need to read/watch the whole thing again . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't think any book hinted he was n't all bad . 
  because , you know , he * was * all bad . 
  the only think that comes to mind is how he loved kit , but that does n't mean he has good qualities . 
  seasons 2 and 3 will be filmed between april 2017 and april 2018 , so 12 months . 
  since season 2 is longer than season 3 it will probably take more time to film , so a bit more than six months . 
  meaning filming will end around october/november . 
  so there 's no way your theory stands , but i 'm hoping for a trailer on that date and then a random release date in december/january . 
  as for season 3 , we could have it on friday the 13th of july 2018 . 
  the manga is completely translated online at least . 
  he might also have been to those places with rose . 
  rose just was n't next to him when the pictures were taken . 
  perhaps she was in a street nearby or maybe someone had kidnapped her and the doctor was trying to find her ... not that what you believe is impossible . 
  but your arguments are n't working . 
  both possibilities are equally possible . 
  i last re-read the entire series a few months ago and i also read them many times before that and i 'd say the whole `` chef 's salad '' thing was there just about the orphan 's actions . 
  we see how they deceive people and steal in order to achieve noble things . 
  but until book 13 , it 's never about bad guys ( if i am remembering it correctly ) , with the exception of fernald , only because he was the one who said it . 
  though you could argue that because this is the moral of the whole story , olaf must have a good side too ( even though we 've seen very little evidence that supports this ) . 
  i ca n't even think of one scene where olaf shows signs he loved esm\u00e9 . 
  and up until the very end , i do n't think there 's anything `` more '' to olaf . 
  you do have a point . 
  i guess olaf does have a nice side , even if it might only be a small one . 
   maybe all the years of research as an immunologist has disqualified me from liking this show . 
  / r/iamverysmart , even though you say in your title you are not smart . 
  thanks !, 
  that looks cool . 
  i was worried it would be too confusing if it was something similar to the red truth font , but since the color is white it 's pretty distinguishable . 
  / r/savebrendan, 
   unfortunately, 
  stupid question , but * who is * david burton ? 
  people have been mentioning him all the time lately yet i do n't remember this character or his name at all and now that i see who the actor is i have the impression i 've never seen him on this show . 
  i have n't watched the latest episode ( s3e5 ) yet so please do n't spoil that for me . 
  why am i being downvoted ? 
  it 's a serious question . 
  i 'm not a casual viewer but i do n't really remember every detail of the show either . 
  honestly , i ca n't remember `` david '' . 
  oops , sorry about that . 
  and thanks for the answer !, 
  there 's also a scene of kevin in a white suit in [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/ysa93nsmigc ) trailer that i think we have n't seen yet ( around 0:20 ) . 
  well rose had n't been in new new york yet but okay . 
  * ex * - husband . 
  yeah , me neither . 
  why be a dick about this ? 
  could be , but they only finished austere academy yesterday so they will probably do ersatz elevator next ... maybe we 'll know about the actors for jerome and esm\u00e9 soon !, 
  is it just me or has louis 's voice gotten really deep ? 
  yes but you 're forgetting that the doctor 's blindness did n't come suddenly in terms of the plot of `` extremis '' , it came before it . 
  the deus ex machina usually has to come after the main characters have tried to solve what seems like an unsolvable problem and are at the edge of giving up . 
  so now , his blindness ca n't ever be used as a deus ex machina , since any future conflict will begin while he 's still blind , which means we 'll allready have his blindness as a solution in mind . 
  what 's wrong with the lgbt relationship ? 
  it was in the books too , it was just more obvious in the show . 
  i did n't read that right . 
  i think the doctor told the villain from thin ice that bill is 31 . 
  oh , i thought he 'd said * she * . 
  okay then . 
  better call hank . 
  we had already learned about exactly what it was in that episode ( s1e03 ) . 
  it 's actually scieszka , with an `` c '' , not an `` e '' . 
  that 's the way it 's written in the titles of the zombies in the snow movie and also that 's the surname of an american author i think . 
  so the one on the poster is probably a typo ( or code !, 
  perhaps they have her for a plan-b in case one of the actors playing justice strauss and jerome ca n't make it for the penultimate peril . 
  although they must have contracts for that , i 'm still afraid that not all of the returning characters in season 3 will be able to film together at the same time . 
   bringing laura to life, 
  i see what you did there . 
  where is the picture on the left from ? 
  because sean pertwee looks nothing like that . 
  i see , thanks . 
  as in , to not explain the departure ? 
  because we knew from the start this was going to happen . 
  why do you keep replying to yourself, 
  yes , it was . 
  not only about kevin , but mostly about kevin . 
  the book of kevin was kevin-centric . 
  i think he may have been in every scene of the episode except the first one and the last one . 
  well , the good news is you wo n't have to wait one year for season 3 !, 
  really ? 
  that hand when the monk was opening the door reminded me of the dementor train scene from prisoner of azkaban . 
  was that the cybermen theme ? 
  i started binge-watching the show from the beginning on friday . 
  it was pretty convenient that my school exams finished that day and so i started watching as soon as i got home .
