  edit : nope . 
  that 's what i was referring to but it seems i remembered it wrong . 
  one more thing , what about the hungry earth ? 
  rory and amy see themselves in 2020 iirc . 
  right . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  no it was n't . 
  the end of the episode showed that now that rory never existed , only the amy from 2020 was there to wave . 
  still future amy . 
  but how/why did one amy go a bit into the past ? 
  i do n't remember this part of the episode very clearly . 
  it 's a this is gallifrey variation !!, 
  i knew he had eyeliner on . 
  the master gave himself a boner . 
  dirtiest joke in the entire show . 
  does this count as a suicide ? 
  double suicide !, 
  the theme from heaven sent !!!, 
  in what way ? 
  this episode has been fucking awesome so far . 
  please have a mid-title scene with the 1st doctor !!!, 
  like in death in heaven . 
  leading to the christmas special . 
  the master commited suicide twice in one episode . 
  `` run you clever boy '' on a ( chalk ) board was from hell bent actually . 
  op said `` by himself '' . 
  why would she know that ? 
  hell bent when clara leaves the doctor and his tardis in the dessert and flies off with ashildr , the doctor sees the chalkboard in his tardis has those words written on it . 
  clara 's final words to the doctor . 
  so what ? 
  it was still part of the time the timelines were out of sync , so she could n't remember it . 
  just like the rest of the episode . 
  nope . 
  they later discussed why she did n't remember when they were at the forest at some point ( `` the timelines are out of sync '' ) . 
  she definitely did n't remember . 
  last episode she could n't remember what she had done to bill . 
  if she did and did n't warn the doctor that would mean she truly was evil but the point of this series is that she 's good and would stand by the doctor as a friend . 
  the only way to avoid seeing who it is is by isolating one 's self from any thing even remotely related to doctor who . 
  meaning , you ca n't go on fan pages or groups and you have to literally act as if you have never heard of this show . 
  why ? 
  because the `` who the next doctor is '' is n't even considered a spoiler after all these times it has been announced before it should have . 
  why should we have to distance ourselves from the fandom so that we can avoid bbc 's stupid spoilers ? 
  they * did * fuck up with the name of the doctor too ... 
  many fans who had preordered the series 7 dvds received it earlier than they should have , so between nightmare in silver and the name of the doctor were broadcast . 
  even when they do n't want to spoil anything , an accident like that happens . 
  what ? 
  * dutch, 
  is the program free or does it only have a free trial period ? 
  so you 're saying that without daleks in the trailers for bad wolf , army of ghosts and the stolen earth , without clara in the trailer for hell bent , without the simm master and the cybermen in the trailers for world enough and time , the show would have been canceled ? 
  nope . 
  you 're wrong . 
  well why would they pick a bad one ? 
  is this the first time people are going to use `` chin-ball '' unironically ? 
  many people on facebook still want to blame moffat for this even though he has nothing to do with this . 
  great casting choice though !, 
  the timeline of when he writes the books does n't make any sense so it 's a plothole . 
  but it does n't affect the orphans ' story so it does n't ruin anything . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are like 170 million indian muslims though ( in india ) . 
  jack would probably have a 100 % on both categories tbh . 
  the second half of the season is as good as the first two seasons imo but i can see why people might disagree . 
  i did n't like the first few episodes either . 
  because someone died in the last episode ? 
  it 's lucille 2 probably ... 
  well they already killed someone though . 
  she 'll be the victim most likely . 
  got is definitely not able to keep secrets . 
  of course , hbo does n't reveal spoilers themselves like the bbc does . 
  but the entire plot of season 7 is online with details on what happens in each of the episodes and so far i think they 've been correct so it 's credible ( there 's some website ) . 
  true . 
  i hate all the doctor who spoilers we 've been getting . 
  i think the one with the most interesting bits of information is the unauthorized autobiography . 
  but in the beatrice letters , there are hints about what happened to the kids after they sailed away from the island . 
  so you should get both actually . 
  the all the wrong questions series is n't as connected to asoue but there are tons of references to characters and places from the original series in it and its last book is one of the best lemony snicket books imo . 
  filler episodes are those in which the plot does n't move forward , the ones you can skip and not miss anything . 
  `` fly '' from breaking bad is filler for example . 
  i 'm pretty sure the `` jack = boe '' thing means jack becomes the face of boe at some point , so he would n't remember something he has n't said yet . 
  how did they mess up with matt lucas ? 
  i never noticed anything strange . 
  oh sorry , i 've thought of this too actually but i thought you meant something else . 
  delete the name you mentioned in your post because that 's not a [ season 1 spoilers ] ; it 's an [ all spoilers ] . 
  edit : unless you have n't read the books and you have no idea what i 'm talking about . 
  lol sorry , good thing i did n't mention the specific point i was talking about because i would be spoiling something . 
  ignore anything i said . 
  he 's been in only one episode so far , right ? 
  oh , i only knew about lazarus . 
  and also danny boy that the other comment mentions but i had forgotten about that . 
  edit : lol why did someone downvote my comment ? 
  just ... leave it be ? 
  i think 1 point is fine ... 
  i knew who he was but it 's clear it 's not common knowledge that he was in twors and tdtwatw . 
  about # 3 , we also need to mention this passage from chapter 13 of the end :, 
   klaus knelt down beside his sister , and stared into the villain 's shiny eyes . 
  `` you 're the one who made us orphans in the first place , '' he said , uttering out loud for the first time a secret all three baudelaires had kept in their hearts for almost as long as they could remember . 
  olaf closed his eyes for a moment , grimacing in pain , and then stared slowly at each of the three children in turn . 
   `` is that what you think ? '' he said finally . 
   `` you do n't know anything , '' count olaf said . 
  `` you three children are the same as when i first laid eyes on you . 
  you think you can triumph in this world with nothing more than a keen mind , a pile of books , and the occasional gourmet meal . '' he poured one last gulp of cordial into his poisoned mouth before throwing the seashell into the sand . 
  `` you 're just like your parents , '' he said , and from the shore the children heard kit snicket moan .
