what are your views on sexual orientations other than heterosexuality ? 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  `` the ring '' ( 2002 ) . 
  it is an american remake of the japanese movie `` ringu '' , which is based on a japanese book . 
  i was really terrified by the plot , there are no jump scares from what i can remember . 
  just a little one at the beginning , and it 's not even scary ... 
  hey hank !, 
  i wanted to tell you , i love your crash course science shows !!!, 
  are you guys working on anything new ? 
  she is credited as a main character for season 9 though ... also , she is in the gang from 2013 onwards !!, 
  whatever ... :(, 
  it was going to be a perfect episode ... until satomi survived . 
  i liked her , and i think she was cute with shinichi , but she should have died . 
  give us somthing to feel sad about ( i know , migi and all but still ) ... 
  i personally believe that it would be a nice ending if she had died , the rest of the episode is vert good . 
  the little mermaid , when the priest got a boner, 
  sure it was, 
  yes, 
  thank you !!!, 
  i was thinking of not buying it if it did n't have the special features but now i probably will !, 
  okay !, 
  if i get it , i 'll make sure i inform you !, 
  that 's great !, 
  when i die , i want to die like my grandfather , who died peacefully in his sleep , not screaming like all the passengers in his bus . 
  seasons 2 , 6 and 9, 
  top 5 ( number 1 being the best ) :, 
  tracy, 
  victoria, 
  bottom 5 ( number 5 being the worst ) :, 
  becky, 
  naomi, 
  jeanette, 
  what was the last thing anyone said on the titanic ? 
  ' i know i ordered ice but this is ridiculous ! ', 
  those damn weasleys ... 
  the ancient greek tragedian aeschylus died because of an eagle mistaking his bald head for a rock and dropping a tortoise on it to break its shell . 
  that 's it . 
  there 's nothing better than this and never will be . 
  wow . 
  greenland gets bigger each time i see it . 
  am i the only one who hated john wick ? 
  it is literally the worst film i 've ever seen . 
  the plot makes no sense at all , that 's what i hated . 
  i have n't watched the room yet , i 'll try to do so . 
  i read the whole thing picturing natalie as juliet from lost in my head . 
  the head tilting and staring was a lot scarier because of that, 
  i 'm 15 and i have the same opinion as you , do n't worry . 
  how is the relationship between you and your parents now ? 
  something similar happened in my town too , 2 years ago . 
  a family ( 2 parents , 2 grandparents and 4-5 children ) were inside the grandparents ' house when it caught on fire . 
  the parents and grandparents escaped ( i think ) , a kid went back to save his siblings , but he did n't manage to get everyone and he was eventually trapped inside . 
  the mother was teaching french in my school . 
  i like skyler more than walt . 
  he was an asshole to everyone . 
  the maze runner . 
  i prefer [ this one ] ( https://alancook.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/mrtickle.jpg?w=470 ) . 
  so is he still your boyfriend ? 
  a post on / r/nosleep called `` her name was emma '' . 
  many people said that reddit had many subreddits full of talented writers , so i decided to check them out . 
  ended up subscribing to / r/nosleep bu rarely visiting it . 
  thanks !, 
  air . 
  thanks !, 
  i found it , it 's in the chapter 5 and chapter 13 illustrations . 
  i do n't have this one yet ... 
  but i just found it in the carnivorous carnival too ( chapters 5 and 13 ) . 
  thanks !, 
  maybe daniel had n't thought of vfd while writing the first books though ... 
  but where did this version appear ? 
  i 've seen in it many times on the internet but never in the books . 
  i see ... 
  it 's much better than the official one ... 
  sooo are you going to tell us what you found ? 
  i am currently re-reading the reptile room and i just got to a point in which it says that klaus `` looks back at the moment stefano arrived years later '' ... you 're right . 
  i do n't have the beatrice letters yet though , i did n't know it mentioned anything about the kids , i thought it was a prequel . 
  i never thought of that , probably because he tells us not to read the books for a comedic effect ( i do n't know how else to describe it ) . 
  you 're right though ... 
  pretty cool ... 
  i 'll get it someday . 
  * disney *, 
  * disney *, 
  mushrooms . 
  i hate mushrooms, 
  what do the upvote and downvote buttons mean on this subreddit ? 
  i ca n't get the reference . 
  same . 
  my first language is greek and i have been learning english for 8 years ( i 'm 15 ) . 
  at first i had to translate everything word-by-word but now i can just think what i want to say directly in english ( i have passed the cpe exam ) . 
  though i still do n't know some rarely used words , which i can only learn through reading books/the internet by coming across to them . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  s1 : the pinapple incident, 
  s2 : slap bet, 
  s3 : how i met everyone else, 
  s4 : right place , right time, 
  s5 : girls versus suits, 
  s6 : subway wars/the mermaid theory, 
  s7 : the burning beekeper, 
  s9 : slapsgiving 3 : slappointment in slapmarra/how your mother met me/gary blauman/last forever ( idk which one really ), 
  iran dropped firefox for internet explorer ?
