  i 'm surprised they are just being turned around , considering what we 've been hearing on the news you 'd think they 'd be getting arrested . 
  i 'm told sandy balls is a great place for caravanists . 
  but then , so is hell . 
  partridge is really , really not appropriate right now . 
  the government has deployed eight wrist slaps in over ten cities !, 
  good job dodging the question , you should consider a job in an active war zone . 
  if you have any actual evidence of the us shooting bombs at random on their own soil i 'd like to see it because i have a sneaking suspicion you 're a conspiracy theorist with no basis or understanding of the world beyond / r/conspiracy . 
  the nazis killed perfectly healthy animals to feed other animals . 
  and so it begins . 
  i expect war with switzerland by christmas . 
  ever seen the hunger games ? 
  it 's that kind of win , but sadly less colourful . 
  yeah i really liked it but got turned off as it went on . 
  skylar cheating on him does n't mean anything , it does n't put walt 's selfishness in a different light ( he 's cooking meth , obviously he 's a shit father ) and then when he uses his own money and time and energy to fix up the house so that it does n't fall down she just glares at him for fucking hours for no reason . 
  so it 's legal to just start the engine then go on with breakfast in russia then ? 
  that 's interesting , you have to have somebody in your car ( not necessarily the driver ) in the uk for your engine to be running . 
  i suppose you 're situation is a bit colder than ours though . 
  what are all your predictions about the referendum ? 
  i 'm pretty far southampton of ~ ~ the wall ~ ~ the border so i do n't really know any scottish people and i was wondering what the general sentiment is - from what i 've gathered over the last few months cameron is being a moron ( lol ) , salmond is constantly wrong about everything and there 's a surprising lack of discussion about braveheart . 
  personally i think scotland will vote to stay and there 'll be a right media kerfuffle about a bunch of scots moving to norway . 
  pretty sure that 's ireland 's motto . 
   they 've done far worse than that . 
  they really have . 
  have you ever heard of that mp ( i think it was fairly recently , last decade perhaps ) who liked to shit himself and then walk around with skids ? 
  it 's really weird stuff like that that helps sky rocket you career . 
  maybe they thought that since we 'd been fighting each other for hundreds of years and were both still standing ( and fairly powerful ) joining together would create some kind of ~ ~ super reich ~ ~ super empire that would take over the world . 
   '' ~ ~ french and british ~ ~ leaders disagree , welcome to europe . '', 
  and the israel/palestine issue is far more complicated and confusing ( and murdery ) than this situation . 
   ** obviously that 's not the right thing to do ** i 'm quite clearly not defending them i was just asking for more context because that video is clearly lacking in it . 
   then it came out that president fran\u00e7ois hollande 's favorite pasttime during the crisis appeared to be traipsing about paris from one tryst to another -- at least if you go by accounts in the french tabloids . 
  i 'm not to up to date with french tabloids but is the last line a subtle dig at them lying about stuff ? 
   britain 's parliament even rejected the possibility of joining the us , its closest ally , in a possible mission against syrian dictator bashar assad . 
  britain 's * everything * rejected that idea , not just parliament and they did the right thing . 
  adding `` dictator '' to the sentence ( and it 's not like it 's a secret that assad is a wanker ) just makes it sound like david cameron put his feet up on his desk and said `` i love dictators , let 's let this guy do his own thing ! '', 
  and not `` oh , the entire country does n't want to go into another pointless war , best not then . '', 
   it remains to be seen whether german involvement in africa will go beyond that of pure logistical support . 
  germans as a whole are highly skeptical of foreign combat missions . 
  does it though ? 
  it 's not like germany created gsg9 to sit around looking cool all day , it 's fairly obvious the `` aid '' will be more than just supplies . 
  still , it 's a good article that brings up a few good points . 
  wo n't stop people making jokes about france though . 
  more of a shatapult . 
  it would be nice if you also posted some context , there 's clearly more going on than what we can see from a video that 's not even a minute long and shows the actions of three/four policeman in a group of thirty odd people . 
  and really , `` beat up '' = hit them a few times ? 
  obviously that 's not the right thing to do but it 's not like they pinned them to the floor and beat them . 
  it 's not like they freed all the slaves after they defeated the confederacy . 
  `` europeans are so racist and bigotted '' which leads me to beleive he 's not from round ` ere . 
  you 're my hero . 
  tell me that in my own upper atmosphere i 'll scuttle you blud, 
  you 're one to talk . 
  see , i do n't even know where your from and i can tell that 's a decent reply . 
  welcome to earth mate . 
  damn , you reminded me of a bit from live at the apollo like this . 
  i ca n't remember who it was or who said it but it was basically `` southampton and portsmouth will always hate each other ... until a city in the north comes along . 
  then it 's all `` we 're the south , we 're better than you ! '', 
  and then they will only unite when someone from scotland comes along ... '' et c et c. i really ca n't remember who it was or find it on you tube though :(, 
  uplike !, 
  * finger/thumb ok sign *, 
  british coloniars fightning brits while being backed up by the spanish and french empires / how is that not a bit euro ? 
  * we * ( the people arive right now at this moment right here in the world at the present ) are n't really to blame . 
  blame that the millions of years off humans messing shit up . 
  if we send actual scientists to mars they 'll know not to mess it up . 
  gibraltar has plenty of cool history , some scietists/historians think it was the very last place to have neanderthals before ~ ~ they were all killed ~ ~ they all took a holiday and did n't come back . 
   would waffle over the ridiculous economic damage of breaching the dams etc etc. 
  `` mr churchill , we have a choice . 
  blow the dams , drown the nazi 's and live on in infammy for destroying the european economy for the foreseable future '' `` or ... '' `` or we could not do anythiong and let the nazi 's invade and kill us all '' `` well i never claimed to like europe anyways '', 
  nobody trusts anyone else enough to let them handle something so important . 
  yeah but it 's anti-muslim so it fits right in . 
  you laugh now but you just wait . 
  i 'll be having you !, 
  by which i mean `` yes , can you all call me daddy so i do n't feel inadequate ? 
  i 've ... i 've got something in my eye ... * sniff * '', 
  can we go back to the empire days ?!, 
  please please mister europe !, 
   europe should recolonise africa you know what lads just leave that one to us , i 'll make it a christmas present for old liz . 
  well we are n't * all * a single continent . 
  nk should * both * be solution . 
  soviet russia is joke . 
  we should go back to communism , east germany was a shining example perfection . 
  it was so great they built a giant wall and put machine gun nests on it to stop people getting out . 
  japan invaded russia ? 
  i thought japan was only against america . 
  we try and encourage someone to give it another go . 
  scotland ( clyde i think ) . 
  some people have a sneaking suspision that this is a subtle jab at the fact that scotland going independent will mean a lot of lost jobs . 
  yeah ireland belongs to the queen , that 's why there was a civil war with people saying things like `` god save the queen '' and `` please let britain be incharge we really love them '' . 
  the north korean space agency is currently working on the mega glorious ultra better than america 10/10 paper super rocket . 
  have you ever thought that maybe the people tell conspiracy theorists to get a tin foil hat is because most of them are nuts ? 
  oh wow you said nigger you 're such a super troll . 
  ofcourse , a party with just 7 % of the vote in a single european country means the entire continent is racist . 
  would a few neo nazis in america mean the whole country is racist ? 
  i think it 's best if we leave all sharp pointy hatchets out of this discussion . 
  i think that was on purpose since it was talking about how saying the wrong thing can make you look stupid . 
  it was probably supposed to be a joke for the people that already knew what it meant . 
  brilliant , he is german therefore his grandparents were nazi 's . 
  it 's impossible that he and his family moved there after the war , and there 's no way they did n't support the nazi 's , nooo , that would be impossible , all germans are nazi 's . 
  they are great !, 
  really great ... what 's a euro ? 
  for fuck sake , most people refuse to vaccinate their kids because they think it causes autism , not because of religion . 
  and you do ?
