  is it compared to murders like in this graph though ? 
  obviously it 's not nice but you 're comparing petty theft to robbing a bank . 
  it 's awful , would not recommend . 
   either he 's a complete moron well he is a tory ...  or the evidence was planted into his pc . 
  why would it be ? 
  if he has said something moronic it 's not been stupid enough for him to make into the papers and i really doubt cameron , for all his faults , would plant cp onto some guys pc for making him look like an idiot . 
  during ye olde prohibtion days canada had plans for a us invasion and they were going to give the conquered americans beer to make them complacent . 
  somebody that smart ca n't be left standing . 
  there are far to many french people there for them to be peaceful . 
  if he was alive now he 'd be delivering the beating of our time . 
  he may not have been perfect but he 's better than cameron . 
  the anthrax it 's laced with is * very upset *, 
  uk has our own and according to some mod ads on tv they actually can be controlled with an xbox 360 control . 
  but the simpsons movie said eeeepppppaaaaa was useless . 
  did they lie to me ? 
  my knowledge of international politics tells me that no one is nice they are just temporarily not evil . 
  fat mines are best mines . 
  `` blow shit up '' probably . 
  cod6 actually . 
  the russians did n't invade until mw2 . 
  you trust the russian defence ministry ? 
  the one that just walked right into ukraine denying they were doing it ? 
  yeah , they sound fucking fantastic . 
  you trust the russian defence ministry ? 
  the one that just walked right into ukraine denying they were doing it ? 
  yeah , they sound fucking fantastic . 
  western world usually has a better excuse than `` we just gave these guys passports , that makes them one of us '' though . 
  and soon we 'll all suffer the politics of a madman . 
  our island wo n't seem far away when we 're in a war , friend . 
  russia denied sending in any troops when they were just wandering in . 
  you can not trust the russians . 
  there are probably * a lot * of spy satelites over the area right now . 
  what we find out via bbc news cobra has known for hours . 
  it 's quite likely that there are several experimental ` weapons ' that are supposed to blow them out of the sky but testing them would n't be easy . 
  or soviet like russians . 
  putin just has n't realised the cold war ended a long time ago . 
  yeah , it 's been quite a week , you wo n't believe it . 
  f * e * bricated militia groups obviously . 
  there 's not much chance of scotland going independent now so that 's a bit pre-emptive . 
  that 's camero ` ns britain for you . 
  it is now `` it 's own thing '' so that 's not relevant . 
   russia 's geopolitical interests are those that , from their point of view , minimise the risk of world war 3 if russia did n't invade ukraine none of us would be here talking about russia invading ukraine . 
  if anything does happen it 's putin 's fault , no matter how much you or anyone says it 's all just for the greater good . 
  let self determination be damned , millions die and sit safe with the knowledge that atleast we are all right ? 
  rather not . 
   edit : 10 upvotes , 8 down . 
  / r/europe [ 1 ] , you can do better . 
  what , you think this place is full of europeans kindly discussing this issue ? 
  nah mate , there 's a reason it does n't say `` europeans '' in the side bar . 
   cameras , authoritarianism jog on . 
  over 90 % of the cameras in london , i.e the place with most of the important things and people a country needs to survive are privately owned by business owners who have a few cameras inside of their shops and on the street outside . 
  i suppose we should tear down the cameras and let chavs steal what they want otherwise somebody might mention orwell . 
   its funny how everyone hates the usa until their country is under threat . 
  i 'm sure the brit a few posts above you feels fucking terrified of putin swimming over the channel . 
  shock horror , not everyone likes the us 's `` ideals '' and you ca n't just sweep that under the rug while moaning about how it 's all just a bit circlejerk that should beignored . 
  mate , shut your mouth right now , if those natives did n't want me on their land they should have spoken up before i shot him for looking at me funny and saying some weird gibberish . 
  at least you 'll be really safe when the aliens invade . 
  `` our army is shit , do n't drag us into this . 
  p.s ignore everything the tiawannesse say to you '', 
  it 's time for them all to switch the the language of the ents so they can all claim they are actually talking it out over the next fifty million years . 
  now we just need to work on employment for literally every one else in the uks ... 
  oh hahaha oh so funny . 
  it 's not like chamberlain had a choice , the country/empire was n't in any way ready for a war , they needed time to get ready . 
  sounds like some sort of weird depressing superhero movie version of rocky . . 
  they all have the militarily to back up those displays of power . 
  north korean soldiers are several feet shorter than the rest of the world 's soldiers . 
  and the entire eu . 
  do n't act like the cold war was just usa versus russia . 
  i 'll see to it personally that france is royally messed up . 
  the raf are already on their way to belgium . 
  rules are made to be broken though init . 
  i do n't think a split is all that likely , if the situation gets that extreme they may end up convincing the splitters to russia . 
  is this how the third world war starts ? 
  maybe the second cold war ? 
  i 'll tell my grandkids and their fourteen ears about his one !, 
  yeah i 'm from southampton and i 've never been more norf than london . 
  everything above that is some scary place where they have big moustaches and use gravy granules instead of tea leaves for a cuppa . 
   there is a north/south divide that we uncomfortably sit inbetween . 
  you mean in the north ? 
  it 's everything north of thames , sorry lad . 
  if it was just teens in general he would n't have said '' ( you know ... `` youths '' ) '' he 'd have said `` teenagers '' . 
  it 's quite obvious if you stick around on this sub for more than a few months that a lot of the people here are very intolerant to islam if just a few of them cause trouble , as i learned last year during the riots in sweden . 
   anyway , it 's considered a haven for crime , be it from the old `` french/corsican connection '' or street thugs ( you know ... `` youths '' ) if you 're going to blame muslims for your problems then just come out and blame muslims , do n't beat around the bush like that makes it okay . 
  not of the sc themselves like this though . 
  and it 's not like we never gave the covenant a chance to fall back and surrender . 
  yeah but it 's not like there is a load of death 's / resignations after a unsc meeting . 
  maybe they could pop up to scotland to discuss all this tomfoolery with salmond . 
  just had a look , discovered my socks say tuesday and not sunday but i 'm recovering from the shock quite well . 
  the horse meat shenanigans did nothing but make us more hungry . 
  let 's give one to the new president before they are even elected , it stopped obama from hurting anyone . 
  ih look , the dog was n't on rhe dangerous dog list . 
  it 's almost like the way you raise a dog is more important than what breed it is . 
  i 've had a stafi for two years now and i 'm yet to wake up to find out it 's eaten my leg . 
  yeah , nothing beats panda meat . 
  not really . 
  the news lost interest in ukraine until people started being shot earlier this week and they should be reporting stuff like that . 
  you on about the english team ? 
  i remember a few years ago they were against southampton before the stadium was completely built and all the saints fans were singing `` i 've got a shed bigger than this '' . 
  he ate the puppy after that . 
  all the jokes about massage parlors probably originated in truth somewhere along the line .
