  where the fuck else will it come from . 
  except china , probably . 
  the latest civ game will let you play as stalin , churchil and hitler . 
  typical nazi collaborator ... 
  i joke but it 's not like hitler did n't ask for it . 
  some may say `` but more people died in dresden then in all of the london blitz '' !, 
  to which i say : hitler should have used bigger bombs then . 
  space oops . 
  when you 're in space it 's quite space easy to get space confused , space apologies . 
   and maintain a space blog i 've always wanted to be an astronaught so i 'd have a reason to put `` space '' in front of absolutely everything . 
  space tea , space walk , space jog , space poo , space window , space door , space window , space fantastic . 
   the crew will also manually `` launch '' a peruvian microsatellite during an upcoming spacewalk , by throwing it overboard by hand . 
  and science founds a lot easier and more fun when you 're in space . 
  also plug for http://howmanypeopleareinspacerightnow.com/ , it 's great . 
  that 's all the western propoganda . 
  nobody tells yorkshire !, 
  so the americans are hipocrites because they wo n't let a random unidentified drone into their airspace ? 
  i think not . 
  proud to say that i got every single line of the anthem wrong . 
  eventually i just kept on going `` send her fleeets victorious '' hoping i 'd get it right eventually . 
  no welsh dragon in josephs technicolour dream coat ? 
  ca n't say i 'm impressed . 
  not any-more . 
   it offends me i found you 're problem : learn to calm down a bit and stop being offended by every little thing in the world . 
  trust me , you 'll have much more fun . 
  i 'm with you my untrusting friend . 
  when the recent news broke about the new suspect ( who apparantly has an `` unhealthy '' interest in young white girls , who knew ) i mentioned to my family that the parents were obviously dodgy , there were reports that they drugged the kids to get them to sleep , that they sue the rozzers everytime they try and look into the fact that some of the kids hairs were found in the boot of the car i was told that `` obvious the parents would n't do it , they could n't do that to their own kids '' ... this is the attitude that makes proper investigation impossible . 
  i think kate and jerry mccann , even if they were n't involved ^ ^ ^ ^ which ^ ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ ^ were , just need to get over it . 
  i know that 's an awful thing to say but everytime they go on the news and show the latest weird e-fit of the slightly older madeline they steal the attention from fifty other missing kids who have a chance of actually being found because they were n't disappeared six years ago in a foreign country with the worlds shittest parents watching over them . 
  i 've heard about babies in prams ( buggies , do n't know if you 'd call them something different in the continentland ) outside a shop while the parents look inside , have you ever had any experience with this ? 
  apparently it 's actually quite common overseas . 
   bureaucrats have been laughing about sanctions ( it seems most of them evacuated their assets back into russia during autumn-winter that 's awfully convenient , do n't tell me you 've got a physic locked up over there !, 
   petition to accept alaska into russia [ 32 ] gathered 9k signatures during 2 days ; yeah i 'd regret selling a giant frozen cash cow to , sorry russia ... 
   everyone is minding their own business ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
  how much is obama paying you to say that ? 
  even if there was n't the imminent risk of ruski shenanigans they would n't do this . 
  it would make them look childish and with the us back across the atlantic who would be there to tell them to get their act together and grow up ? 
  ever heard of this little thing called `` the ussr '' or `` the second world war '' ? 
  that 's for the warm up . 
  do we speak latin ? 
  are there roman citizens in the uk upset that people do n't speak latin ? 
  remember to thank putin for the fireworks show !, 
   `` if elected , i 'll go and bug fix the eu . 
  we need to reboot the thing called democracy and make it work . '' he told us . 
  oh my god he speaks computerese what a genius moron . 
  do n't stay long and keep to to the western bits ? 
   are we going to draw lines in the sand like we did with the nazi 's , or sit here ahitting ourselves on the sidelines ? 
  hahahahahahahahhhhhhhhhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah ha aha ahhahaahah you 're funny . 
  look up the phoney war and the munich agreement , nobody was in a rush to draw lines in the sand . 
  would you kick a baby if it was being protected by a lion ? 
  would you kick a baby if it was being protected by twenty seven lions with tanks ? 
  we should send a few great people over to get peace for a few turns while we rush a load of tanks and spitfires . 
   in my opinion , it all comes down to whether nato is willing to intervene because of estonia . 
  he managed to grab land twice now , with pretty much no consequences . 
  this will lead only to want more . 
  he has manged to grab land from a non-nato member . 
  if he tries it inside nato he 'll be shot down faster than the flash can fart . 
  they are a member of nato and the eu . 
  as far as they are concerned there army is sat in france right now . 
  and then a load of oil was found right ? 
  wars with france are part of the fun mate . 
  atleast i can admit it and do n't go around accusing people of being an `` anal rape doll '' . 
  that 'd be weird . 
  that 's ironic coming from a german . 
  thousands of russian soldeirs were watching people put a one sided vote into a glass box . 
  get your head out of rt 's arse , the kremlin are not the good guys . 
  did n't sadam hussien once get 110 % of a vote ? 
  maybe him and putin share election strategies . 
  quite literally since they put the results into a glass box . 
  probably banned here along with other bots since they drag the quality of subreddits down . 
   mostly tada maybe somebody should help these poor souls and not just literally leave them outside to die ? 
   kbc one of our big banks is asking people not to use windows xp anymore also government agencies are still using 15000 dated computers . 
  i got a message today telling me xp support is ending on march the 14th . 
  i thought it was funny my pc is that old but a bank still using it suddenly is n't so hilarious ... 
   two dogs were put down after the death of a baby a few weeks ago the owners do n't raise the dog properly and are n't punished at all , pathetic . 
  i 've got a staffie , a breed which is supposebly dangerous and it 's the cutest thing in the world . 
  it even hides under a table when people shout . 
  the fact that the reaction to this ( obviously tragic ) kind of event is to show a cute picture of the child and write and article 75 % about how much some parents love their child ( you learn something new everyday with the bbc ) and not to tell people to take their dogs to training classes is just ridiculous and will not stop mistreatment like this at all . 
  not chamerberlains fault . 
  britains armies were n't ready at all ( read about the production of the spitfire and tell me that sounds highly organised ) and nobody wanted another world war because the last one was so horrible it was called `` the war to end all wars '' . 
   and 200 people isolated in the bar , dear god , is there anything more awful ? 
  have no fear , large un peacekeeping force will soon arrive complete with designated pilot . 
   they would n't face much opposition if they did . 
  yeah i 'm sure all five of the muslims outside of crimea would n't mind , they certainly would n't create a global uproar would they , since there are n't very many of them ... 
  [ should be good now . 
  ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zn8ec/meta_am_i_the_only_one_that_has_this_bug_could/cfvcx7g ), 
  it was more of a bbbbbllllrrrrr sound , i really should get it checked out . 
  yeah , putting a flag in the corner every now and then is nice but i would n't mind a new background , maybe the 28 stars and a bit of a colourful sidebar like / r/unitedkingdom . 
  and change `` europhiles '' to `` europeans '' . 
  i think just getting rid off all the foreigners would do . 
   fuck jews who teach people to think like this through their media . 
  do i smell a holocaust denier ? 
  i thought i 'd flushed the toilet after my last shit . 
  did the echo chamber of r/theredpill tell you that ? 
  it 's amazing what you can learn when everyone repeats the same bile . 
  just last week i found out from / r/conspiracy that obama is actually a muslim . 
  what a shocker !, 
  i started watched the video thinking that the third world war had started and humanity was about to find it 's downfall in a new era of nuclear holocaust and a second ice age . 
  what i found was much , much worse . 
  is that really `` violence '' though ?
