  or not pc . 
  or ukipiphobic ? 
  i do n't remember what word we 've got to use when we critisise ukip . 
  i bet that cigar is n't even british . 
  or a history lesson . 
  britin many stronk . 
  or the putin fan club . 
  `` atleast now you can put up a decent fight aye ! '', 
  would n't be eu if.it was n't slightly wrong . 
  when russia invades we do n't want them to steal all the research before we 've had a chance to fly off to europa . 
  it 's all a genius plan to revitalise the disenfranchised russins . 
  putin is genius !, 
  sadly i think that all the little boys and all the little girls will have to wish upon a star before that happens . 
  germany saying one thing while uk says some thing else while poland shouts `` yeah fuck you round two come at me bro '' does n't really inspire thoughts of a united europe . 
  i think if they did all start taking this alliance stuff seriously we would just see even more sanctions , i doubt the eu will commit to military action until the ruskis get to france . 
  that 's really ruined my day that has . 
  i think if russia did end up in civil war a lot of un troops would take a quick holiday and declare the nuke sites independent . 
  they may be inept but nobody wants random anarchists in control of nuclear stuff . 
  i dunno if scary is the right word , putins economy is in the shitter , the ~ ~ invasion ~ ~ nice holiday to russian bits of russia that belong to russia has backfired masterfully . 
  the eu can continue to run around like headless chickens , russia is screwing itself just fine . 
  does he have a peado stash ? 
  it 's very important information . 
  even if they were n't protected i suspect the announcer would be in big trouble , barely anyone really likes train companies as it it , they do n't need this weighing them down even more . 
   therefore not be aware of the large roma presence in that location ? 
  that 's just assuming that they are all pickpockets though and that 's discrimination . 
  he could have said `` chelmsford central , please be aware of pickpockets in the area '' there was no need for anything else . 
  remember to use protection !, 
  such as a full hazmat suit , who knows where the peasants go these days ... 
  the first poster is brilliant since fromage is in deep trouble because he ~ ~ * might * have `` borrowed '' a load of expenses ~ ~ used his `` allowance '' for nefarious purposes . 
  i 've always loved the `` foriners are after your job and they dont even speak english ! '', 
  type of adverts , if some random johnny foreigner is better at your job then you then you should be better . 
  shit , does that mean cornwall is next ? 
  cornish pasties are like no other and they 've always wanted to be their own country ... 
  yeah there 's barely any muggings . 
  like the airfield ? 
  there wo n't be many civilians there . 
  i was just do happy to learn my fellow countrymenfolk were less racist than i thought they were . 
  there 's a party in / r/ukcirckejerk , nobody bring a pig ... 
  will they be stopped then ? 
  i ca n't see merkel deploying ze troopz just for this . 
  this discussion revolving around a bear in a tent should definitely not be serious . 
  are you joking ? 
  how do you know that that site did n't just make these in five minutes just to get some pageviews ? 
  and it probably would n't say `` top secret '' it would say `` eyes only '' / no eyes/eyes alpha '' and so on . 
  `` top secret '' is n't very descriptive is it ? 
  how do you know they are real and not just a joke that people took to seriously ? 
  there 's no actual proof on your first link though . 
  and who 's to say snowden is n't some sort of counter intelegence agent and not the freedom fighter/superhero people think he is ? 
  much like every intelegence agency on earth i also have better stuff to do . 
  do they provide proof at all ? 
  care to eloborate or will you just sit their looking smug ? 
  i doubt it . 
  they probably , and stop me if i 'm sounding insane , have better stuff to do !, 
  nuts , i know . 
  ca n't be nostalgic about the ussr if you were n't in the ussr . 
  let 's hope they are the right kind of cunts aye !, 
  out of interest what do you mean by far east koreans ? 
  i thought there was only a north and south . 
  welcome to ussr , ussr can do no wrong , ussr is not wrong you are . 
  i hear there 's massive underground caverns full of oxygen in alaska , we 'll have to get rid off all the oil though , that stuff stinks . 
  your oppressing valuable chinese air , prepare to be inva ... annex ... self defence forcesed !, 
  i hope not , then the nuhams would realise that the oh mighty humans were idiots . 
  no , not really . 
  you could say `` oh but art is subjective ! '', 
  but personally there 's not much overlap in my opinion . 
  where do i do that ? 
  i ca n't think of a single time i 've mentioned `` american art '' . 
  `` no europeans were harmed in the making of this europe '', 
   repelled nazi germany under thousands and thousands of casualties on their side for example ? 
  only after they were attacked by the japanese . 
  they were perfectly happy to make some money of the uk and the ussr before pearl harbour . 
  besides , that was a long time ago , eventually the time cones when you have to stop looking at the past and see what 's happening now . 
  how does he ? 
  why ? 
  what have the americans ever done for you ? 
  you forgot to mention all the fucking rain . 
  fan y big was very wet * chortle chortle *, 
  i 'm not sure what is funnier , the idea of the russians trying to invade scotland or the idea that when they get their there will just be cows as far as the eye can see . 
  in 1938 the italians invaded greece and ran into a bit of trouble known as `` greece '' and had to get the nazi 's to bail them out . 
  ofcourse not , the italians never surrender !, 
  they just start a war , get destroyed and have to ask the nazi 's for back up . 
  stalin said he 'd handle it so we just went back to bed . 
  why should the belgain taxpayer pay for a security circus around `` the worlds most powerful man '' ( your article is the only non us paper i 've seen calling him that for some reason ) ? 
  surely somebody so magnificent , regal and beautiful can pay for his own shit ? 
  you should charge the bloody americans , i 'm not from belguim and i can think of plenty of things you could use that money for . 
  and you all just look ... forin to us . 
  except those bloody french . . 
  does northern ireland belong to the roi ? 
  `` i saw nozing , i vas never even here ! '', 
  or the us is sick and tired of babysitting eastern europe . 
  how does it ? 
  reminds me of thatcher - people hate her and drone on about how shit she is while forgetting she was voted in three times . 
  but but but [ insert reason nobody else ever does this bollocks ] honest . 
   0 dead people in crimea that we know of . 
  you may not know but russian news is n't all that free these days . 
  surely a german understands the irony in asking that . 
  you 'll come on them because you want to live ? 
  so here 's our genghis khan ? 
  but there are n't any star trek baddies named after him ... 
  why do people always say `` the tax payers money '' ?
