  do you believe that prosecuting those responsible for the banks ' crimes will eliminate the need for higher taxes and lower spending in greece ? 
  i think the answer to that question is no . 
  that is the * only * point i 'm making . 
  i 'm not making one issue out to be more important than the other , i 'm saying that both are problems and solving one will not solve the other . 
  em , no that 's not what i said at all . 
  any person or company that breaks the law should be prosecuted and new regulations and laws are needed to ensure that loopholes are closed and future crises are prevented . 
  but greece 's problems are only indirectly caused by criminal behaviour by financial institutions . 
  most of greece 's debt is owed under standard , legal instruments issued at government run auctions . 
  you can argue that greece or the eurozone or the world might be better if a default occurs , but no amount of obscene , ill-fitting analogies justify it on legal grounds . 
  they 're both at fault for the crisis . 
  and while punishing those responsible in the banks would be right and just , it would n't make one whit of difference to the fact that greece is bankrupt as a result of its government selling out to rent-seeking vested interests . 
  there are lots of reasons to emigrate but , depending on your degree , there are graduate jobs out there . 
  the export side of the economy is in rude health and , although it employs only a couple of hundred thousand people , they tend to come disproportionately from those with third level qualifications . 
  that 's a surprisingly erudite label for greece . 
  i think the cabinet has a veto , but otherwise she 's free to say what she wants . 
  if it makes you feel any better , 43 % more of us idiots topped ourselves in 2009 than in the previous year . 
  and 24 % more again last year . 
  so we 're paying for our sins . 
  you smug cunt . 
  ireland 's debt problem stems from two distinct but interconnected problems : 1 . 
  low interest rates and poor regulation led to one of the largest property bubbles anywhere in history . 
  when lehman bros went under , investors in irish banks got spooked and they could n't access credit . 
  the banks came to government claiming that they were facing a liquidity crisis , which was serious , but by its nature short term . 
  the government responded by guaranteeing all of the banks ' liabilities . 
  it later emerged that the banks were in fact * insolvent * not illiquid and over the ensuing two years $ 70bn would have to be injected into the banks . 
  during the property boom , the government reduced income taxes and increased spending to win elections . 
  it was able to this because the tax receipts from property transactions were so high . 
  when the bubble burst , this income dried up . 
  this was compounded by the fact that most employment growth between 2002 and 2008 was in the construction sector . 
  as these people lost their jobs they joined the dole queue increasing the government 's spending commitment . 
  the [ government 's budgetary response ] ( http://www.irisheconomy.ie/index.php/2011/03/22/behaving-like-teenagers/ ) and the public acceptance of it is , by historical standards , impressive . 
  however , the outstanding sovereign liabilities are now so high that ireland appears to be entering a debt spiral - the deflation from cutting further and faster will eviscerate the budget surpluses needed to repay our debts . 
  corporation tax is only linked to this problem in a very indirect way . 
  the peripheral budget crises in europe arose because those countries did n't undertake the discipline needed in a monetary union where interest rates are matched to the exigencies of the core countries . 
  interest rates were extraordinarily low during the last decade because of germany 's economic malaise . 
  peripheral governments like ireland and greece should have dampened demand through taxing and spending . 
  instead they did the opposite . 
  to prevent this problem afflicting the eurozone again , the core countries want to harmonise a number of economic policies , among them corporation tax . 
  this , however , will have no effect on the current crisis ( at least as far as ireland in concerned ) which will most likely require investors in irish banks to take a hit for investing in reckless institutions . 
  i 'm uncertain about how much sense the harmonisation of a corporate tax base , or tax rates , makes . 
  i know the motives behind them are n't the most rational - in ireland the 12.5 % rate has become a sacred cow and in germany and france attacking it is a useful way to impress voters angry about bailing out insolvent sovereigns . 
  in reality , ireland budget problems are totally unrelated to corporation tax ( it makes up a greater share of government revenue than the [ eu average ] ( http://www.ronanlyons.com/2010/11/16/and-its-hard-to-craft-a-budget-when-youre-watched-by-olli-rehn-open-letter-to-soon-to-be-european-overlords/ ) . ), 
  ireland is also unusual in that its average corporation tax rate ( after loopholes and exceptions ) is very close to its headline rate ( about 11 % ) in contrast there is a difference of about 25 percentage points between [ france 's ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/finance/2011/0323/1224292848181.html ) average and headline rates . 
  ireland also lacks easy access to large ports and european transport routes . 
  this makes it heavily reliant on services and high value manufacturing , which are notoriously footloose . 
  in attracting these mncs ireland is competing as much with jurisdictions like switzerland , israel and singapore as germany and france . 
  ireland tax rate obviously does bestow it with a competitive advantage , and [ some mncs ] ( http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/39784907/ns/business-bloomberg_businessweek/ ) do abuse it , but on the whole i think its a legitimate and necessary economic strategy with benefits for ireland and the eu . 
  why does the times not have a brussels correspondent ? 
  i would have thought that big players in the us economy have skin in this game . 
  reporting from london does n't really cut it . 
  the one piece of data he cites is uncontroverted and publicly available . 
  it should be pretty easy to judge his conclusions on their merits . 
  anyway karl whelan has a phd from mit , has worked as a research economist for the fed and is currently a professor of economics at university college dublin . 
  it all comes up if you google his name . 
  i tend to chose slightly misleading headlines , so as to encourage people of the opposite view to click through . 
  i do n't think it does any major harm and , in opening some minds , might do some small good . 
  pretty much . 
  there may be a cost issue with cyprus as well , since it 's an island nation which have has recently joined the eu and commercial transport may not be operating at an efficient scale yet . 
  one thing i forgot to mention is intellectual property rights . 
  there are a lot of exceptions for things like trade marks and patents . 
  luxury and premium goods manufacturers in particular are allowed to stop retailers from , among other things , marketing their products in way that damages the image of the brand . 
   b ) laws are different , by segmenting the markets they do n't have to make or market products that follow all local laws for each country in the eu . 
  it may sound counterintuitive , but in a lot of cases segmenting the markets will be cheaper than figering out how to make/market products to the whole eu without breaking any laws and maximizing profits . 
  legal barriers are n't actually that big an obstacle . 
  there 's a string of cases going right back to the 1960s where the european court of justice has found that goods which can be lawfully produced and marketed in one member state can not be banned in another , except in strictly limited circumstances . 
  [ source ] ( http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/internal_market/internal_market_general_framework/l21001b_en.htm ), 
  well , i chose an attention grabbing quote . 
  i think people are in fair position to decide whether that is a fair * precis * of what they did say after reading the article . 
  both need to be done . 
  and governments would find it a lot easier to former if they paid more attention to the latter . 
  which under the nato treaties would be considered an attack on france ( not to mention the us ) as well . 
  i love rauchbier , though i could n't drink very much of it in a sitting . 
  are there any german lagers or wheatbeers ( or other ` pure ' beers ) you 'd recommend ? 
  i 've only ever found a handful that really stand out . 
  austerstouts = [ oyster stouts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stout#oyster_stout ) thanks for notes . 
  i was so concerned with getting that relative pronoun in that i totally missed the passive voice . 
  my understanding of the numbering issue is that you can use firstly , secondly , thirdly or first , second , third , but that it 's incorrect to confuse the two i.e. 
  first , secondly . 
  it looks like an impossible mistake to make when the words are right next to each other , but can happen when you 're numbering long paragraphs . 
  apologies for the assault on your language btw . 
  do n't get much of a chance to practice it any more . 
  no , i mean beer . 
  the german beer laws ( which have btw been repealed ss inconsistent with eu law ) are exceptionally strict and exclude many drinks which are unambiguously beer . 
  that 's why the german beer market is dominated by pils and wheat beer ( which is technically contrary to the 1516 law ) while much smaller belgium has many more . 
  the quality stems from the brewers in each case , not the ingredients . 
  in legal terms the rule is protectionist nonsense.in semantic terms its unnecessarily restrictive . 
  that would mean the end of several high quality belgian beers, 
  first , i 'll take that deal as long as i can continue suing the manufacturers of faulty products without having to prove negligence on their part . 
  i do n't have to defend every policy , i just have to establish that in general the citizens of the eu are governed by better policy than they would be without it . 
  secondly , i already addressed this point in my earlier reply . 
  how do you suppose small countries which favoured a copyright regime without criminal penalties achieve it ? 
  if you do n't sign up to these international treaties you get hit with trade sanctions , which would eviscerate any of the smaller members of the union . 
  those smaller members also only have a hope in hell of making meaningful changes at the negotiation stage if they 're part of a large bloc . 
  now that does n't mean that they make every change they want or , more pertinently for this discussion , want to make every change that you or i want , but that it 's impossible in the scenario where they have more power does n't mean that it 's possible in the scenario where they have less . 
  you know up until the passage of the lisbon treaty , all the institutions had really unwieldy names . 
  there was the council of ministers of the european community , the commission of the european community , the court of justice of the european communities . 
  the use of the word `` europe '' and `` european '' to denote these institutions and their acts was one which emerged from the people affected by their actions - the changes in the lisbon treaty actually followed popular usage . 
  i think that 's a remarkable contrast with newspeak which you might recall involved the elimination of linguistic possibilities by official dictat , as opposed to their natural expansion through democratic use . 
  having actually studied law i can tell you for a fact that european legislation has strengthened standards in environmental protection ( nitrates directive ) , consumer protection ( unfair contract terms directive ) and women 's rights ( equal pay clauses ) and a raft of others in ireland , many of which were tardily implemented by the irish government despite their nominal support . 
  but leave that aside for a moment ( one might argue that a woman 's right to equal pay for equal work is less important than the sovereign right to obfuscate the issues and bamboozle voters . ),
