  culture . 
  japan , south korea , qatar , bahrain . 
  culture clearly is n't the determining factor . 
   so , if everyone has the right to express themselves as you say , do you allow migrants from oppressive regimes in the middle east who have different expectations to do as they please in a country that has been kind enough to grant them citizenship ? 
  do you condone honour killings that allow parents to kill their own daughters because it 's culturally acceptable where they come from back home ? 
  i was clearly assuming a framework of principles above cultural norms , because rights ca n't arise out of cultural norms without such assumed principles . 
  those assumed principles must be universal , and an individual right to such life and autonomy is such a universal principle . 
  no person has a better right than me to tell me what to do and how to act if i am not interfering with them . 
  what i 'm saying is this - these rights , to travel , express oneself and live and work inhere in us as human beings , not because of where we live . 
  migration is a fact of life and not a special circumstance . 
  if i come from somewhere else i should have full right to all of these things insofar as it does n't limit the exercise of the same rights by another . 
  if it does interfere with the rights of another , one or other person , or both have to have their rights limited . 
  where they are limited , the place of origin of a person should n't matter - limitations should be justified by reference to principles which treat everyone equally as human beings . 
   no , you play by the rules because you 're escaping a shit life . 
  it 's not mindlessly giving privilege to ` the people who got there first ' . 
  where the fuck is the privilege here ? 
  this exactly the mindless privilege i was talking about . 
  why do i get to prescribe conditions because i was here first ? 
  and `` you are escaping a shit life , therefore you have no rights '' does n't cut it . 
  just because somebody else abused your rights does n't justify me doing it . 
   additionally , if you moved 5 million french people into country x in the middle east , do you think their government would give a fuck about what they want ? 
  the fact that this situation even makes the news and is a contentious issue shows how kind they really are , that it was even considered . 
  same logic applies here . 
   but oh , silly me , we ca n't be critical of anything related to immigration without being labelled a racist by the pc brigade . 
  says the person who assumes i 'm a sentimental idiot for criticising criticism of immigration . 
  in immigration debates people always talk about whether the immigrant should change or stay the same . 
  why do the people resident in a country have a sacred right to resist change ? 
  migrations have been happening for the entirety of human history . 
  all persons should have equal rights to travel , to express themselves and earn a living and that means searching for compromise between peoples rather than mindlessly privileging the people who got there first . 
  might it not be feasible to offer both options ? 
  i would be surprised if many muslim communities were arguing that public schools should serve exclusively halal food . 
  there would n't be enough specialist abbatoirs in the country to supply them . 
  unless this is all a plot to secure huge government contracts for muslim butchers . 
  those crafty moors ... 
  i was a little uncomfortable with the swimming pool proposal to be honest . 
  but it runs directly contrary to a european principle of equality between the sexes and involves segregating people in a public place , while serving halal meat does n't * necessarily * involve similarly important principles . 
  eating non-halal meat is part of the french way of life ? 
  are you suggesting any accommodation of other cultures is tantamount to self-hatred ? 
  if there 's an animal welfare issue , i can understand , but if it 's purely symbolic , then i find it uncomfortably xenophobic . 
  well is n't he just a regular charles martel ... 
   the president of the council and commission are not elected by the people . 
  i do n't think this is right . 
  the only people elected in the eu are the members of european parliament ( meps ) who have little power . 
  well the council has a democratic mandate , just not a direct one . 
  the parliament 's powers were significantly enhanced by the lisbon treaty . 
  it has veto power over the union budget and has equal legislative power with the council in almost all areas of union policy , except the most sensitive ( monetary union , common foreign and security policy ) . 
  even in those areas it has a right to be consulted . 
  i think the main problem is with the perception of the parliament , rather than its substantive power . 
   1 ) who said anything about sovereign default ? 
  billions of the money we paid was n't even covered by the guarantee this implies we should have honoured the guaranteed debt , which would have required a bailout anyway . 
  also , the money paid was owed by state owned institutions , so the problem is still the same . 
   2 ) what difference doesd it make who triggers it , the whole eu banking system is fucked and the euro is a joke , wake up . 
  is your point here that it would have made no difference whether or not a default on irish bank debt happened ? 
  why do you think that ? 
   3 ) just because something is in your interest doesnt mean you stop it at all costs , there is a line . 
  our banks have to roll over debt all the time . 
  only ten per cent of the money you place in the bank is kept there . 
  in order to meet all the withdrawals , the banks need long term funding . 
  every time you hear about a bond being paid off , the bank is actually borrowing a new bond to maintain its liquidity . 
  if it ca n't borrow any more money , then you 've lost 90 cents of every euro you have on deposit . 
  what is an appropriate cost to prevent that happening ? 
   the eu only needs to do one thing , the same thing the yanks did and the english devalue the fucking currency already . 
  they could have stopped this before it ever really got started . 
  [ you mean exactly what they did today ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/01/us-ecb-weidmann-idustre8201dh20120301 ) ? 
  how do you expect this to fix the immediate problem that ireland , greece and portugal have in raising money on bond markets ? 
  or the longer term problem , that a single interest rate for a currency zone of very different regional economies creates significant distortions in their respective trade balances ? 
  can you explain then , 1 ) how it would have been in ireland 's interests to take an incalculable chance on a sovereign default ? 
  2 ) how it would have been in ireland 's interest to trigger a credit crunch in the european banking system ? 
  3 ) how it would have been in ireland 's interest to lock its banks out of credit markets ? 
  if none of those things was in our interest , what exactly did the eu that was n't necessary to prevent them from happening ? 
  please do n't single out the one phrase that accords with your point of view and repeat it . 
  i 've given a careful explanation of why i think our interests are somewhat aligned and , where they are n't , other eu players are n't acting in a wholly self-interested fashion . 
  i 'd be interested in reading what you find amiss in that explanation . 
  right , but how do you think things would have panned out if we refused to pay the bank debt ? 
  there are two things to consider : 1 . 
  we can only guess whether the markets would have distinguished between debt issued by the sovereign and debt guaranteed by the sovereign . 
  if it did n't we 'd be looking irish assets being seized abroad ( which would scare the living ** shit ** out of any foreign firms headquartered here ) and a refusal by markets to lend to the government at a time when its balance was in deficit . 
  even if the markets did n't link it to the sovereign , it would have triggered a credit event and an unknowable quantity of credit default swaps would have been called in . 
  this means the total amount to be paid by all the countries affected would have been far larger than the amount ireland has to pay now . 
  furthermore , our own banks would be locked out of credit markets and we 'd have to cough up to the money to roll over their debt and recapitalise them anyway . 
  i think these factors are enough to raise doubt about whether we 're some sort of sacrificial lamb . 
  merkel , sarkozy etc are n't acting out of pure charity but a reasonable case could be made that they are acting with some degree of dedication to the eu interest . 
  and there is enough at stake for this country for the course of action taken to be in our self-interest also . 
  why do you think that ? 
  those are all fair points , but i read the emphasis on ` private investors ' as referring to the issue of moral hazard . 
  if investment in sovereigns and banks always gets paid back , it 's an incentive to disregard inherent risks in those investments . 
  also , if ireland had defaulted on its bank debt , would that not simply have the donor countries to put the same money into bank recapitalisation instead of efsf loans to ireland ? 
  less in fact , because we 're also borrowing to close a general deficit that arose from the collapse of tax revenues/climb in social spending . 
   at least with the fiscal compact you can remove morality from the play and just say that these peoples had bad luck you know , that 's a very interesting perspective , and probably one of the more cogent reasons in support of the fiscal compact that i 've heard . 
  i may get out and campaign for a yes vote after all . 
  that 's about right , but can you think of a country who has run the necessary budget surpluses for the best part of a decade ? 
  hard to see how a government could stay in power while taking far more in tax than they spend . 
  in ireland 's case it was about 1.6 % of gdp and the opposition were beating the government repeatedly over the head with it ( until the bust came and they began accusing the government of reckless profligacy ) . 
  edit taxing property alone would n't have been enough , i do n't think - the liquidity would just go inflate another bubble . 
  fiscal policy would have to be a drag for it to work . 
   but to say that was `` to pay off private debts to investors from france and germany '' is just silly , and not only because ireland 's biggest creditor is the uk . 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
  hello again !, 
  i 'm going to add to this that the common interest rate is key to the problem . 
  what the crisis has shown us that when interest rates are low , money will find its way into overheating economies one way or another .
