  [ this article ] ( http://www.irisheconomy.ie/index.php/2012/05/08/is-irelands-fiscal-adjustment-failing/ ) makes a lot of the same points . 
  because it will fund health , welfare , education and public sector salaries if we ca n't return to the markets in 2013 . 
  that said , some of the no campaign are attacking the esm on the basis that we 'll have to make an $ 11bn contribution to the fund if all of it is called up . 
  ironically , in ireland the government parties are selling the unpopular fiscal compact by connecting it to the popular esm ... 
  anything but what i would predict . 
  i know in germany most wages are set by national agreements , but does the government have that much control ? 
  i thought it was hashed out between the employers and employees ? 
  central banks are independent of government . 
  they do n't have a say . 
  edit i should say that the inflationary effect could be offset through lower government spending , but i think even the germans would balk at the cuts necessary to half the rate the rate of inflation . 
  mobile phone companies are oligopolistic ( that is , most of the service is provided a small number of large firms ) because there are big barriers to constructing the kind of infrastructure necessary to put in place the services . 
  oligopolies are thought to have [ kinked demand curves ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blhwq2utloa ) . 
  that means prices tend to get stuck at a level higher than you 'd get in a competitive market . 
  there 's a theory that these markets can be made more efficient through price regulation . 
  but wages have room to rise in germany as well , no ? 
  their low level is causing the current account surplus that economists are complaining about . 
  you know , i 've never seen one of these pieces which actually takes a comprehensive look at what happened to iceland 's economy , beyond headline gdp figures . 
  there are still currency controls in place and many people have seen their pensions wiped out . 
  it has n't been as painless as made out . 
  furthermore , some ( i do n't know how many , because the reporting is so biased on this issue ) of the international depositors who got wiped out with iceland 's banks were local authorities , foreign pension funds and ordinary citizens . 
  i 'm not necessarily saying that spain should follow the irish example , just that it would be nice if such an important issue was reported in greater depth . 
  there 's christian democratic parties throughout europe . 
  it 's part of the political history of the continent . 
  nowadays they just espouse a general conservative platform . 
   this law would pay women that choose to be stay at home moms a certain amount of money every month . 
  in fairness , most countries do this for those who take care of the old and infirm full time . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily a bad idea ( provided men could get it too - otherwise it 's just a straightforward attempt to marginalise women ), 
  this guy is n't worth it . 
  do you really think you 're going to reason with somebody whose username is `` wheres_the_clitoris '' and openly claims to be racist ? 
  just let it go and make a cup of coffee . 
   economist and hack ftfy, 
  well , all the efsf countries also get loans from the imf . 
  the conditions attached are exactly the same . 
  the imf is cooperating pretty closely with the efsf etc anyway . 
  it would put them in an awkward position to assist an ez country which refused to sign up to the esm . 
  if hollande gets elected i will be sorely tempted to vote no in ireland 's ratification referendum on may 31 . 
  the only reasons i can see for ratifying it is that it 's mostly harmless and a failure to do so will piss off the cdu . 
  if a renegotiation is a political possibility then annoying an unpopular german government becomes a less salient factor . 
  on the other hand , a referendum defeat will be a boost for sinn f\u00e9in . 
  * shudder *, 
  is there a source for the claim that this was a direct and immediate threat ? 
  i am sceptical . 
  why could n't the eu have threatened to retaliate by withdrawing visa free travel too ? 
  does n't seem to me that the balance of power was that skewed ... 
  kroes was formerly the competition commissioner - it 's not surprising she dislikes attempts to erect barriers to entry and prevent creative destruction . 
  all in all , a good choice for the digital agenda portfolio ( though it does sound pretty wishy-washy - what exactly falls within her brief ? ), 
  it 's probably just booked in switzerland for tax purposes . 
  barroso is the most powerful of the eu 's seven presidents ( council , parliament , court of justice , commission , european council , court of auditors , european central bank ) . 
  the preponderant majority of eu measures start with a proposal from the commission , whose members he recommends and oversees . 
  though the commission has relatively little power over the euro and lacks the legitimacy to push the union in directions not explicitly set out in the treaties , so he does n't play a big role in the current crisis . 
  first , the eu courts do n't have jurisdiction over national laws unless they implement or otherwise affect european law . 
  most criminal law is purely national . 
  second , in [ * kadi * ] ( http://courtofjustice.blogspot.com/2010/10/case-t-8509-kadi-ii.html ) the court of justice quashed a council decision to freeze the assets of alleged terrorists where the owners were not subsequently given a hearing . 
  that 's just one example of many pieces of eu legislation that have been found invalid by the cjeu for breach of fundamental rights . 
  are you referring to the eu courts or national courts ? 
  i personally think that the eu courts have handed down some of the least logical and least consistent judgments of any judiciary in the world . 
  they 're not as politicised as the us , which is a good thing , but that 's only because people do n't realise the gigantic role that trade , competition and regulatory law plays in their day to day lives . 
  the judgments read like a badly written technical instructions too . 
   without copying any of the u.s. judicial/constitutional crap as a lawyer i am mystified . 
  what would happen if there were disputes about the division of powers between federation and states , or between parliament and commission/government ? 
  would parliament be free to pass legislation that trespasses on human rights ? 
  we have a similar issue in ireland with a community called travellers . 
  from what i can tell , as the economy became more specialised , they became dis-integrated . 
  when the entire country was uneducated and impoverished the economic and social opportunities were more similar for settled and travellers . 
  now settled people occupy a very different world . 
  this means that settled people see travellers as `` the other '' , and are more likely to discriminate against them . 
  at the same time , i think it 's a distinct possibility that travellers are now also more likely to see settled persons as `` the other '' , and be less inhibited about committing petty crimes where only settled persons suffer . 
  president of the european council would have been the perfect candidate ( forgive the pun ) . 
  good potential for visibility , but little executive power . 
  it would n't shake up the balance of power between the parliament and council too badly , but would have given a highly visible symbol of european unity . 
  in the same week as [ this ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/weekend/2012/0324/1224313801698.html ) came out across the irish sea . 
  we now have three former prime ministers who are hopelessly compromised . 
  i only hope the british do n't let the same thing happen . 
  psychologically as well as physically . 
  the survivors must carry a huge burden for children so young . 
  it 's in the human rights act though , which the house of lords/supreme court have hinted might be an `` entrenched '' law ( ie of a quasi-constitutional status , like the magna carta ) . 
  whoever made this map should probably have hired some common lawyers . 
  as far as i 'm aware all central bank actions everywhere in the world begin by creating money and giving to commercial banks in exchange for collateral . 
  that 's what the bank of england and the fed did , whose actions you lauded . 
  if there is another mechanism , i 'd be interested to know , because that would actually substantially undermine my position and i would have to revise it . 
  well , you have clearly already considered the differing points of view on this subject in greater detail than i have ( i 'm especially impressed by the remarkable synthesis you 've achieved in both supporting and opposing devaluation at the same time ) . 
  it has been a privilege to converse with one of the greatest minds of a generation . 
  i have learned so much . 
  thank you . 
  thank you . 
  ltro * does devalue * the currency . 
  all the money that the central bank lends is new money . 
  david mcwilliams leaves out two things in that video : 1 ) germany 's representatives on ecb board were vehemently opposed to the operation . 
  one of them quit the last time it was done , and the german government appointed yet another candidate who opposed it . 
  so this conspiracy theory that david mcwilliams is weaving makes no sense . 
  2 ) when he says `` we pay '' for the ltro , he does n't mean literally . 
  he means through inflation , which , incidentally , will lower the debt burden of indebted countries . 
  but he does n't say that because he lives on outrage . 
  do n't agree to disagree . 
  * actually * disagree . 
  * tell * me what 's wrong with what i 'm saying . 
  the only dog i have in this fight is figuring out what policy decisions make sense . 
   why do central and western european countries have some of the highest standards of living in the world ? 
  culture . 
  why do the united states , canada , australia and new zealand all have some of the highest standards of living in the world ?
