  ireland ran surpluses all through the noughties and yet still ended up being the second country in a programme because the private sector borrowed too heavily . 
  the same was true of spain . 
  if the fiscal compact had been in place , we would be looking at precisely the same problem . 
  who initiates the prosecution in that case ? 
  flagrant is a bad translation . 
  anyone have a better one ? 
  is this an exemption from civil liability we 're talking about ? 
  have you even read anything that jean monnet or any of the other people involved in setting up the damn thing actually wrote ? 
  i suppose . 
  still not every oxymoron is orwellian . 
  * plus ca change , plus c'est la meme chose * is hardly a sinister expression for example . 
  i did n't see a single point of similarity between the video and anything orwell wrote . 
  unless you already assume that the eu is orwellian and so find the message inherently suspect . 
  rogoff spoke very cogently but i think he 's awfully optimistic about the prospect of political union . 
  the government here is petrified that the new fiscal treaty will necessitate a referendum - people vote with their guts and they 're feeling a little queasy after having been forced to eat too much europe . 
  sovereign debt is almost never paid off - it 's just rolled over . 
  all these fancy graphics characterising debt as a lump sum do n't do anything to aid comprehension of sovereign debt . 
  debt is dynamic . 
  interest payments flow out of government , taxes flow in . 
  if the flow of interest grows faster than the flow of taxes then it 's a problem . 
  if it does n't , it 's not . 
  inflation will eat away at the total debt until $ 3trn wo n't even be worth the wingnuts on those trucks . 
  prices used to be even crazier under the punt . 
  the reason we went into the euro was because the tiny size of the market in punts made it vulnerable to speculation . 
  a lender of last resort . 
  by the same logic we could take all the bad things the church did and say they 'd be worse if it had never existed . 
  there are an unlimited number of counterfactual scenarios . 
  we do n't consider a person good or bad against the standard of all possible worlds - just on their actions in this one . 
  and the work of monks in the dark ages was one such action , as is the sheltering of paedophile priests . 
  i think it overstates their influence to say that their policy on condoms has been a significant driver of the aids epidemic , but i 'm open to correction . 
  in any case , the behaviour is inexcusable ( though i still think it 's important not to call a murderer a genocidaire . ), 
  your conception of the dark ages is totally inaccurate though . 
  christianity was the dominant religion of rome for 200 years before the empire collapsed . 
  christianity disappeared from europe for 400 years afterward . 
  the places where knowledge was preserved were rome , constantinople and ireland , all under the influence of the church . 
  in ireland in particular , large numbers of secular and religious books were copied and kept in the monasteries themselves . 
  these were later spread throughout europe by irish missionary activity . 
  i 'm reading a copy of tacitus ' histories at the moment which would never have survived if it was n't for its preservation by monks . 
  we would know fuck all about ancient rome without the church . 
  oh , almost forgot - plato and aristotle were key influences on early christian theology also . 
  we 'd be missing an awful lot of their works without the church as well . 
  ps ancient egyptian civilisation rose and fell millenia before greece , and , unsurprisingly , little of their intellectual work survived . 
  they did n't have any direct influence on the athenian enlightenment . 
  if josef fritzl told us to love our families , would you say `` love our families '' was not a good message ? 
  how did they cause aids to be epidemic ? 
  that sounds like wild extrapolation . 
  also i 'm curious as to what source convinced you that they responsible for lack of learning during the dark ages when 1 ) the church was the only repository of such learning and 2 ) its secular power was at its lowest ebb . 
  i agree with your overall point , but it pisses me off when people imagine things to confirm their own point of view . 
  in unrelated news , eu imposes carbon tax on airlines . 
  the unambiguously * bad * kind of right wing ... 
  right wing ? 
  i thought france was the most dirigiste economy in western europe, 
  right , but my question is why ca n't eurobonds be brought into being as part of package which involves oversight of countries who get into budgetary difficulty ? 
  as i see it , the euro will not survive the next few days without the federalisation of debt or the intervention of the ecb . 
  it wo n't survive the next few years without fiscal integration . 
  yet germany has ruled out the former , while aggressively pursuing the latter . 
  it does n't make any sense to me . 
  bundesbankbunker is my new favourite word . 
   the euro , from day one , was a cdu project . 
  are n't the spd in favour of eurobonds though ? 
  edit i just realised the possibility that a bundesbankbunkerbeamteb\u00fcro exists . 
  * that * is now my favourite word . 
  well , i admire your stoic optimism . 
  but it seems to me that the german government is n't on the same page as you . 
  if the euro is doomed , why are they bothering to discuss future fiscal integration ? 
  from your point of view that would seem to be an irrelevance . 
   now we should risk the little security we have to rescue systems that are doomed with or without our intervention , based on the promise of eu-level oversight . 
  nope . 
  if the euro hits the wall and you have to return to a rapidly strengthening dm , what will the point of all that austerity have been ? 
  who 's going to keep buying german goods when they double and triple in price ? 
  you do n't inhabit some economic island immune from the chill winds that blow across neighbouring countries . 
  it 's in germany 's interests to defuse this crisis * and * prevent the next one . 
  i just do n't understand why your government cares exclusively about the less urgent of these things . 
  in all seriousness , i think it 's the red that 's the problem . 
  it 's a very bright shade on the italian flair - it 'd be more distinct if it was darker . 
  the only way i can think is to look for which comment is more favourably disposed to sarcasm over content . 
  you could look at this . 
  if the sarcasm/content ratio in the jason o'mahony piece is a 9/1 , then this is a 7/3 . 
  :-) [ short guide to lazy eu journalism ] ( http://www.kosmopolito.org/2011/11/18/short-guide-to-lazy-eu-journalism/ ), 
  is n't it price stability rather than low inflation ? 
  expectations deeply south of 2 % could give them cover for this kind of action . 
  yes it is . 
  what 's wrong with his analysis ? 
  it predicted events better than the architects of the bailouts . 
  and anyway if having a lender of last resort is so controversial , why do the brits , swiss and germans have one ? 
  simply put , if a group of member states want to push ahead with integration in a particular area where the eu has competence , they can proceed by themselves without having to involve the eu 27 . 
  for example , the eurozone countries could use the procedure to involve the commission in supervising member state budgets , without the other countries having to agree or be involved . 
  only the participating member states would be entitled to vote on any subsequent measures ( and only through the council ) and any costs involved would be borne by them exclusively . 
  [ title iii tfeu - enhanced cooperation ] ( http://euwiki.org/tfeu#title_iii_-_-_enhanced_cooperation ), 
  but with enhanced co-operation you can bring an intergovernmental treaty within the ambit of eu law , even if every member state is n't involved . 
  i do n't imagine they 'll worry too much about ireland if gets obstinate and refuses to get in . 
  sweet . 
  referendums for christmas . 
  i love voting . 
  looking at the schengen thing , it seems to have been integrated into eu structures following the amsterdam treaty . 
  but enhanced co-operation was n't available at its inception , so that would be less likely to happen this time around . 
  i would be surprised if france/germany/ecb would be satisfied with anything without the binding status of eu law . 
  yeah , shit 's getting scary . 
  i just hope that the intransigence we 've been seeing from the main players is just brinksmanship . 
  ** any ** of the proposals being proposed at the moment are preferable to allowing the status quo to continue to its inevitable conclusion .
