half the time we get told we 're too poor , too broke and too worthless to ever survive as a country on our own . 
   the other half is spent telling us that leaving will cause some massive collapse of the worldwide financial market . . those two things are n't mutually exclusive ... 
   i ca n't imagine individual nations , having lived with local sovereignty with centuries in some cases , would opt to hand over the power to brussels and share their ideals with that of other nations . 
  what you 're describing has been the status quo for about 50 years now ... 
  most of the way there already - the judiciary is based in luxembourg , the executive in brussels and the legislature is in strasbourg ( at least when it 's legislating . 
  yet another telegraph article that gleefully fuzzes the distinction between the european court of human rights and the european union . 
  i like the english . 
  but i was born at the tail end of the troubles . 
  that makes it easier . 
  specifically that if you quit smoking the risk of contracting fatal heart and lung diseases decreases . 
  how far back do you mean by the past ? 
  the issues britain had to deal with and the means used to do so changed pretty dramatically as decolonisation occurred . 
  you tend to encounter bigger problems and address them differently when you control a globe-spanning empire . 
  i would say that britain has never been affected by such large problems with so little global influence as it is now . 
  when you say the `` price paid in terms of sovereignty '' , it seems to me you think it 's always a bad thing that powers be ceded from westminster to the eu . 
  it seems to me that ordinary people in the uk are better off being represented in a supranational legislature that can actually address issues like energy security , climate change , terms of international trade etc , than in a national parliament which has far less influence in such matters . 
  in a very real sense that makes them more sovereign , in the sense of having more actual control over the issues that affect them , no ? 
  what do you mean by sovereignty ? 
  the free movement of goods means that workers in the uk are already competing with workers in eastern europe for jobs ... a whole lot of services and goods can be supplied from there very cheaply . 
  that 's before you take into account that the idea of an exhaustible pool of labour and `` stealing jobs '' is a transparent nonsense . 
  surprised this does n't happen in ireland too - we have the same penchant for tea and soap operas ... 
  why do you say that ? 
  a good rule of thumb is to assume that if something sounds too awful to be true it probably is n't and vice versa . 
  sean fitzpatrick and michael mcateer have both been charged and have been sent forward for trial . 
  that might be why i was confused . 
  can you actually name the crime they 've been charged with ? 
  do you even know who `` they '' are ? 
   intentional degradation of language by the increase of ad-hoc single-application rules for the purpose of keeping an individual group happy at the expense of broadening a definition unnecessarily . 
  well , first , i 'm using the [ original sense ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?allowed_in_frame=0&amp;search=nation&amp;searchmode=none ) of the word . 
  the reason nation , in some contexts , has become coterminous with the word state , is because most states are nation-states and explicitly or implicitly derive their legitimacy from the nation they purport to represent . 
  second , there 's a huge body of political philosophy which deals with the significance of that concept which i 'm not supposed to call nationality and that 's the sense in which it 's used . 
  i would suggest that the use of the word nationality in the sense i 'm suggesting is n't a symptom of the problem you describe , but rather a historically correct and useful way of denoting an attitude or belief of large parts of the population . 
   as a specific symptom of what would be a general problem , yes . 
  what 's the general problem ? 
   still british . 
  you know how i can tell ? 
  i look at a map . 
  it 's that simple . 
  that 's more of a response to an argument than a premise , but anyway . 
   i do n't get why this is so hard . 
  it 's hard because you 're acting like i do n't understand your definition , when in fact i 'm rejecting it . 
  i 'm saying that the state i 'm born in does n't define my nationality and the reason is because in a fringe case like northern ireland ( or the basque country , or scotland , or the balkans , or tibet , or nigeria ) we learn almost nothing important about how people think about their nationality or the nationality of others by conflating it with the state . 
  i think the best view is that nations are [ imagined communities ] ( http://www.lrb.co.uk/v28/n18/tj-clark/in-a-pomegranate-chandelier ) and that comes with all sorts of real world political consequences , from the legitimacy of state power to the morality of redistribution . 
  why is that wrong ? 
  why is your definition right ? 
  are you implying it degrades the concept of nationality for people born in northern ireland to be called irish ? 
  [ newry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newry#demography ) is a northern irish town which is closer geographically to dublin than cork , galway or limerick . 
  it 's 89.6 % catholic , which is almost the same percentage as the republic . 
  its constituency returns nationalist politicians at every election . 
  a number of its schools teach exclusively through irish . 
  when they drew the border , they included scores of towns like this one where the majority of the population were irish nationalists . 
  i really struggle to see what sensible grounds anyone could have for claiming that they are n't of irish nationality . 
  they share every badge of nationality with those of us who live on the other side of the line - same geographic area , same language , same religion , same culture , same ancestry . 
  they identify with the same events and persons in the island 's complex history . 
  am i missing something ? 
  so you 're saying that the most important ( nay , the definitive ) criterion for nationality is the place you were born ? 
  why ? 
  corporate tax has never been linked to sales . 
  that 's what vat is for . 
  corporate tax is linked to place of incorporation or control . 
  because article 50 , paragraph 4 says ** for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
  ** also your reply was rude as all get out . 
  why ? 
  the member states leaving are not entitled to participate in the european council , so britain would be determining the terms of their departure !, 
  an italian , not an irishman . 
  but here , a treat for you anyway : http://comeheretome.com/2012/11/28/rare-photo-of-ww1-trench-sign-breaking-news-of-easter-rising/, 
  i love it . 
  it has the same texture as chewy caramel . 
  mostly pr and diplomacy , but occasionally you need somebody outside the cut and thrust of day to day politics to deal with a constitutional crisis . 
  king albert in belgium is probably the only head of state who does this more often than the shaking hands and visiting neighbours . 
  i 'm irish and i 've had germans match me drink for drink . 
  ok , i realise we have to put in place the steps to prevent the next crisis at the same time as fixing this one , but we * please * have some focus on the former ? 
  i find it bizarre how much more attention is put on the future shape of the eu compared with dire present need for more economic growth , smaller government deficits . 
  also , nothing in this about the governance of the banks which are responsible for pushing two of the piigs off the edge . 
  it 's actually written in the schumann declaration . 
  russia 's been knocking on the door for 200 years . 
  it 's never stopped the other powers going to war ( in fact , it 's caused it on a number of occasions ) . 
  economic integration was only part of the aim and predominantly the * modus operandi * for the prevention of war . 
  note that ecsc dealt with steel and coal - critical resources for military purposes . 
  but directive 2004/38/ec does n't regulate lo ... oh wait , yes it does . 
  i 've actually just spent the evening writing a paper on what happens when eu law and member state laws conflict . 
  eu law is very much binding - just ask julian assange , facing extradition on foot of a european arrest warrant . 
  the european court of justice is the ultimate interpretive authority when it comes to eu law and if a member state fails to adhere to its judgments or any other binding measure of eu law it cam be fined by the commission . 
  finally , every single member state recognises the supremacy of eu law over domestic law ( albeit subject to some conditions ) and the national courts treat it as overriding national law . 
  that was history , not facts . 
  as sympathetic as i am to elements of that narrative you ca n't pretend that he 's made some sort of incontrovertible objective statement ( in fact `` told us to pay for famine relief entirely ourselves '' is demonstrably untrue ) . 
  not to mention the fact that the wealthy are a heterogeneous group and their activities on the market are heavily ( albeit imperfectly ) regulated . 
  our economic system is massively complex . 
  the recipe for its repair is n't available in a simple slogan . 
  the only thing i want more than fundamental reform of the ecj is to avoid another irish referendum . 
  unfortunately it 's a package deal . 
  well , speaking on behalf of the country at large , i think conditional bailouts are seen as the lesser of two evils . 
  popular may have been the wrong word . 
  but having access to the esm is certainly seen as more desirable than not having access . 
  speaking for myself , i think the conditionality represents a good faith effort to restore creditworthiness to the country - the troika has nothing to gain by having us on emergency programmes forever . 
  ireland is an open economy with high levels of imports and exports - fiscal expansion/contraction has a smaller multiplier than they have in a more closed economy like france/greece . 
  it slows growth , but not to the point that it becomes self-defeating ( i.e. 
  debt does fall faster than output ) . 
  also , what never gets discussed is that ireland 's slow return to growth has as much to do with * private * debt as public debt . 
  household spending is n't simply restricted because of higher taxes/lower benefits - a whole generation is paying back hundreds of thousands of euros of mortgage debt , with reduced wages and a house whose value has halved .
