  and i do n't count the german position of enhanced fiscal supervision as a proposal . 
  that 's an answer to the next crisis , not this one . 
   i confess i am reading between the lines on some of that , from this article it sounds like the germans have capitulated on the ecb ? 
  and that it wo n't be a full eu treaty but rather a eurozone only one . 
  i wonder how this will work . 
  do you know if schengen takes place within the eu 's institutional framework ? 
  in ireland , any power granted to the eu to make laws or perform other governmental functions is considered to be an amendment to the constitution and requires a referendum to effect . 
  so a standard international treaty wo n't require one , but if the treaty is binding under eu law and enforced by the cjeu it 'll require a vote . 
  i 'm not sure the imminent threat of financial armageddon will be enough to get one through . 
  might be looking at an eu-16 when this done . 
  that 's an incredibly arrogant comment in its own right . 
  there are plenty of credible voices on both sides of the argument . 
  the only thing that 's crystal clear is what we can see with hindsight , and that is that the common sense which supported the crisis measures so far was completely wrong . 
  http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/11/19/incredible-europeans/ http://www.istockanalyst.com/finance/story/5538746/nouriel-roubini-s-solutions-for-europe-essentially-weak-countries-must-leave-so-they-can-debase-currency-or-the-ecb-turns-into-the-fed, 
  hence my describing it as a new power . 
  new mandate may have been more accurate . 
  surely it 's both ? 
  do n't most other central banks act as lenders of last resort ? 
  of course , you need broader fiscal supervision at eu level to ensure that the exercise of a new lender of last resort function by the ecb is n't taken advantage of by the more profligate eurozone members , but i ca n't see any other downside to granting it that new power . 
  until his prosecution is finally brought home . 
  he 's going to have a much tougher time fighting it as a private citizen . 
  i was in wales last week and got most of my news from the times . 
  despite a deserved reputation as one of the world 's foremost newsources , it made no effort to distinguish between the echr and the ecj . 
  i can only imagine how bad it is in the less reputable titles . 
   but seven years ... is she going to prison , or this ... `` parole '' ( i do n't know the right word ) ? 
  you might be referring to the idea of a ' [ suspended sentence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suspended_sentence ) ' or probation ? 
  non-bank private = pension funds ? 
  the kind of growth ireland is experiencing is barely distinguishable from recession . 
  it 's like saying a temperature of 0.5 c is `` no longer freezing . '', 
  the collapse of any of the three economies will ** destroy ** the other two . 
  seriously - in this our destinies are one . 
  awesome , i studied eu food law for a semester , so i actually have some acutely relevant questions ( which may not be of interest to anyone but me . ), 
  europeans tend to have a greater sense of national feeling for their home countries than for europe as a whole . 
  what does she think the consequences of this are for the parliament 's legitimacy and efficacy ? 
  european food and agricultural standards are some of the highest in the world . 
  does she think that european farmers ' products can compete on an even footing with imported food in the common market ? 
  what is her opinion of eu policy on gmos ? 
  it seems to me that the precautionary principle in this area is being used as a cloak to service the populist concerns of member state governments . 
  edit : also , what advice might she have for a recent graduate who 'd be interested in getting some experience working on food policy issues at an eu level ? 
  ireland never broke the growth and stability pact and ran constant budget surpluses to pay down its debt . 
  but the ecb 's policy is that bank debts must be repaid in full by the sovereign if necessary and so we have taken on +70 % of gdp in debt and our solvency teeters on the edge . 
  and of course there 's the moral hazard of paying back commercial risk takers who took the wrong bet . 
  this is a banking as well as a fiscal crisis . 
  even if you eliminated the national governments and handed budgetary control to some omniscient technocrat , the banks will , without regulatory overhaul , still find some impossible risk to take , safe in the knowledge that they 're too big to fail . 
  ireland 's sovereign did n't borrow , it 's banks did . 
  in other countries it might be semi-state bodies , municipal governments , credit unions . 
  the lender is only half the problem . 
  i am aware of that ( you would not believe the promises made in ireland during the 2007 election . ), 
  but it 's a big jump to argue that certain countries are chronically unsuited to democracy . 
  i think this is the most sensible response . 
  there needs to be closer fiscal supervision , but discussing fantasy scenarios where profligate eurozone states are just going to meekly accept the complete evisceration of their political power is pointless . 
  we need to discuss the intermediate situation , where consultation ( and perhaps limited veto ) of national spending decisions is carried out at eu level with the full participation of the council and parliament . 
   there are benefits to the single currency , but the fact that is one country can fail because they 're fiscally irresponsible and cause a domino effect that destroys the economy of the entire content . 
  with the exception of italy , all the countries in fiscal trouble were lent money by banks in other eurozone countries ( this is fact has to be the case because if the debt was entirely domestically held it could simply be paid off by raising taxes . ), 
  the sane and moral thing to do would be to distribute losses between lenders and borrowers . 
  instead borrowers with unpayable debts are being lent even more money so that the lenders can pretend that their loans are worth 100 % of their original value . 
  besides being completely unsustainable , it deflects attention from the lending practices of the banks who funded this crisis . 
  you can make an argument that the borrower bears greater responsibility or whatever , but consider this - if the efsf strategy works and the banks get all their money back , does n't that mean they profited from inducing the near death of the euro ? 
  wo n't it be in their interests to try again ? 
   if you ca n't get your shit together properly and consistently fly in the face of good economic practice when you 're in a shared currency block the other countries in that block should have the right to take control of the wheel to make sure you do n't crash the car with everyone else in it . 
  second , the nature of these proposals is so extreme that the country will probably leave the driver seat through the window . 
  this usually crashes the car . 
  i am sure mr. rutte is politically astute enough to know that this is the case . 
  this is a fucking travesty . 
  all these years i 've argued with eurosceptics that they do n't understand the eu , that the institutions are how they are because they have to balance the exigencies of national sovereignty and democratic accountability and great things have been achieved by them . 
  and then the dutch prime minister wades in with a proposal for the commission , in its present form - unelected and unaccountable , to emasculate democratically elected governments . 
  it 's unconscionable and reeks of the same colonialism that stains the netherlands ' great tradition of republican liberalism . 
   asked whether voters would still consider themselves in a democracy under such extreme conditions , the official said : `` in that case , they need to take their own responsibility . 
  if you want to be in the club , you have to play by the rules . '' trade freedom for prosperity . 
  might as well be the premier of china or vietnam talking . 
  wtf ... you realise how seriously ignorant a comment that is ? 
  the governance of the united states is achieved through extremely complex system , some elements of which are world class , some of which are seriously deficient . 
  and you think pointing out that they are suffering a economic crisis is an indictment of every feature ? 
  grow up and read a book . 
  am i right in thinking that `` correcting macroeconomic imbalances '' will have the same effect on the distribution of national incomes as straight up ongoing cash transfers ? 
  is the difference essentially political ( ie more acceptable because people in peripheral countries are working for the gains ) ? 
  yeah , but that 's no more than nibbling on the crust of democracy . 
  this would be impaling it on a stick and drowning it in the fondue . 
  when i think of the political implications of common fiscal policy i just ca n't see it happening . 
  for it to be properly accountable you would need it to be subordinate to genuinely democratic and federal legislature , which is nearly impossible to create out of the existing institutions , since they include non-ez countries . 
  and an unaccountable european treasury is the kind of thing that we 've ridiculed the eurosceptics for claiming could exist . 
  it would be a travesty of governance . 
  but the alternative is another global recession ... 
  a lot of the other words you mentioned do n't have the right associations for a meeting of ministers or heads of state . 
  board is too commercial . 
  conclave , conference , congregation and synod have religious overtones . 
  directorate evokes the government of autocratic communist states . 
  assembly and congress are more typically used for directly elected legislative bodies . 
  the reason council is used so prevalently is that it sounds elevated without sounding dictatorial . 
  a lot of organisations want to take advantage of that . 
  ok , this is a hypothetical scenario . 
  it does nothing to change the fact that greece needs to borrow money to pay its way and shows no prospect of generating the budget surpluses necessary to pay for that debt . 
  let me ask you this : imagine there were no speculators on the market , only investors who were trying to figure out how much to pay for a promise from the greek government that they will be paid $ 150 in ten years time ( i.e. 
  how much a greek 10 year bond is worth . ), 
  how would you tell the difference between that market and one dominated by speculators ? 
  how do you know that is n't the kind of market that actually exists now ? 
  yes . 
  greece currently has budget deficit of 10 % . 
  thus it 's current level of spending is only sustainable if it grows at 10 % or faster every year forever and 50 % of the debt instruments it has issued are void . 
  neither of those things are particularly likely .
