this horse looks traumatised, 
  no point in sharing if the wine is n't gon na be appreciated . 
  why does he sound like an anime character ? 
  watch out , jumpscare at the end !, 
  i think you 're vastly underestimating the extent of my social ineptitude . 
  but thanks anyway , will definitely try . 
  wow , you just put thousands of therapists out of business . 
  the sad thing is , there 's probably thousands of people out there who actually did that convinced that it was a great idea . 
  why stop at the fridge ? 
  unplug the freezer too !, 
  great , so we 're kinkshaming the cats now . 
  got ta be the neck-biting action . 
  that is the face of a man who just lost all of his will to live . 
  resident evil vii : the early years, 
  ca n't help but admire the dedication , though . 
  there 's being a fan of van gogh , and there 's taking things just a tiny bit too far . 
  oh please , that 's obviously an alien parasite taking control of a new host . 
  that ... sounds like something my cousin would have written when he was 13 . 
  eh , who am i kidding he probably still thinks that 's how you flirt . 
  `` lol '' ? 
  in what parallel universe is `` lol '' the appropriate reaction ? 
  i know , i was moved too . 
  well , i suppose the lighting could use some work ... 
  tomatoes , honey . 
  tomatoes . 
  aqua - roses are red, 
  no , you 're talking about a different video . 
  it was actually `` do n't poke me i 'm scared '', 
  i ca n't believe they actually think nikola tesla is american . 
  on a different note , the usa does n't even make the top 10 on a list of nobel laureates per capita . 
  i managed to make it say `` ya 'll '' . 
  i 'm not at all proud of that . 
  dude with a bear ? 
  this is the best kind of troll . 
  i was driving on the motorway in the late afternoon and i changed the radio station not because i did n't like the music that was playing but because i was looking for the traffic announcement . 
  here 's looking at you , kid . 
  slugs and snails , to a ridiculous degree , like actual nightmares . 
  ca n't see them pictured of even read about them without my skin crawling and eyes watering . 
  opens up a great range of self-deprecating jokes though . 
  that would n't be so bad if they just kept to the fucking right for god 's sake people are walking here !, 
  i do n't quite understand the reasoning behind this thought . 
  no need to specify gender there . 
  i 'm pretty sure anal would be much less appealing period . 
  well thanks for giving me one more thing to stress about in my day-to-day life . 
  don ' think of it as a fine , think of it as paying extra for quicker transport . 
  nah , doubt she 'd be too upset . 
  that 's not really something to lose your head over . 
  reading this actually made me yawn . 
  but ... why ? 
  strap yourselves in , this is gon na be a long one !, 
  i had this guy friend i accidentally fell for a while back . 
  a year into knowing each other we hit that weird stage of flirtatious banter in our friendship that 's usually reached when both parties are sort of attracted to each other but nobody really has the guts to make the first move . 
  after about half a year it got to ridiculous heights . 
  ironically calling each other ` sweetheart ' , ` darling ' etc. , playful groping , just generally lots of casual touching . 
  at that point most of the regulars in the bar we frequented just kind of assumed we were dating already , but no , still neither of us dared to actually make the first move . 
  at this point , it had just kinda become routine for me to come up with some kind of flimsy excuse like not wanting to walk all the way back home and for him to invite me to spend the night at his place if we happened to run into each other at the aforementioned bar . 
  i figured he would catch on eventually but still , no attempts to take this strange not-dating thing to the next level were made . 
  i 'd sit on his bed changing into a pair of his boxers and a t-shirt of his while he was in the same room , we 'd cuddle up and go to sleep then spend the next morning still cuddled up just talking about anything that came to mind . 
  when even my most obvious attempts at provoking him into action either failed ( we 're talking about straight up straddling his lap and flirtatious banter ) or were met with mild amusement ( not to mention that one time he thought it 'd be appropriate to talk about a friend 's ex-girlfriend whom he found really attractive but could n't make a move on because bro-code while he was * literally spooned to my back * ) i accepted the fact that apparently i had missed the friend-zone by a mile and went straight into the zone of sentient cuddle blanket and that it was time to bury these pesky little feelings and move on with my life . 
  this man obviously did not feel a single ounce of sexual attraction towards me . 
  so another year passes . 
  no more flirting , no more cuddling , most importantly no more sleep overs . 
  and since he did n't seem to mind , i considered my assumptions confirmed . 
  you can smell the not-suprising-at-all plot-twist from a mile away , ca n't you ? 
  cut to another evening in that faithful bar , alcohol was consumed , random incidents were brought up , jokes that bore a little too much truth were made and somehow the two of us found ourselves in the midst of a conversation about times past we were neither sober nor sensible enough to hold . 
  and ex-lover-boy-that-could-have-been-but-never-was speaks the fateful words : `` yeah , i used to be really attracted to you but i just did n't think you were interested . '', 
  mind you , this was said to me by the man who had had me sitting on his lap while wearing his clothes in his bed as my bra lay abandoned on the floor -, 
  and that , dear fellow redditors , is how i learnt to never * ever * underestimate the power of male obliviousness . 
  at least it makes for a mildly entertaining anecdote . 
  i might go back and edit this tomorrow for better legibility . 
  i wish i could say yes , to give this long-ass story the nice and neat wrap-up it deserves but sadly , no . 
  a lot of stuff had happened in the meantime like him developing a massive crush on a former classmate of mine ( which he still harbours to this day and which has remained unrequited about as long ) and me making out with two of his flatmates on two separate occasions ... 
  but that 's a different story altogether that would probably take all night to type out . 
  we 've remained friends though , we just do n't see much of each other anymore because life tends to get in the way sometimes . 
  many kinds of cut fruit but especially apples and bananas . 
  always me gag . 
  it 's not . 
  that 's it . 
  i 've found it . 
  the single greatest simile ever created . 
  ( edit : typo ), 
  * the nanny * definitely had a couple of lgbt characters in it over the years . 
  usually those were cameos , though , so i do n't know how viewers would have reacted to one of the main characters being gay . 
  one of my friends once remarked off-handedly that `` if they 're talking to you about other people behind their backs , then chances are they 're also doing it behind your back . '', 
  really changed my outlook on life , that remark , and made me be much more conscientious with what i say . 
  not gon na lie . 
  the cuteness of this photo actually made my eyes water . 
  `` what ? 
  second-hand smoke ca n't harm you , it 's not like you 're inhaling it directly . '', 
  said to me by my sister who was smoking up the car while i was hacking up a lung in the passenger seat because of a nasty cold . 
  moved there to go to university but ended up liking it so much that i stayed . 
  fuel efficiency . 
  going fast takes more kerosene and if you end up running low you 're gon na have a hard time finding a filling station up in the air . 
  also , more fuel used = more costs . 
  ( not to mention , some pilots will speed given the opportunity ), 
  good omens by neil gaiman and terry pratchett, 
  ignorance by paramore might be a good place to start . 
  careful , this one might be a tad gross . 
  happened at a music festival . 
  while waiting for the next band a friend and i were people watching and we spotted a group of guys who were absolutely piss drunk .
