  one of them had his dick hanging out and did n't even seem aware of the fact that he was peeing while another guy held a plastic cup with some left over beer under the stream which he then proceeded to pass around for the others to have taste of . 
  only got worse from there when the guy who had been peeing threw up after his friend put the cup to his mouth . 
  we could n't hear what they were saying but from gestures it seemed like your typical `` i dare you to ... '' spiel and sure enough the guy who was holding the cup ( which at that point must have been a mixture of half digested fast food , urine and stale beer ) takes a gulp , which his friends seemed to find absolutely hilarious . 
  more gesturing follows and of course they also get the other dude who was now dripping out of several orifices to have another gulp . 
  and again , all of them were in stitches . 
  that 's when the only girl of the group who apparently was his girlfriend got involved . 
  we sort of expected her to step in and sort out the situation but nope . 
  girl was fully on board with everything that was going on and just casually started making out with him like it was nothing , puke running down his chin and everything . 
  and all of that happened in bright daylight in the middle of the festival area in plain view of literally hundreds of people . 
  that day drastically altered the way i perceived humanity and the image will be burned into my brain forever . 
  when you see it you 'll shit bricks ... 
  another good option would have been `` ask your mum , after last night she 'll be able to tell you all about it . '', 
  wow , now you made me realise that my car is older than some of my cousins ( one of which is in middle school ) . 
  still wo n't get you far if you 've never learnt to operate a car with a clutch . 
  i still have a cordless landline phone but nowadays the only thing i use it for is to figure out where i left my cell phone . 
  told my friend `` just let me check if i 've got everything . '', 
  almost forgot the car keys . 
  put the car keys in my purse , left the flat and closed the door . 
  lifted my hand to lock the door . 
  realised i was turning an empty hand in front of the lock . 
  muscle memory 's all well and good but it 's still no replacement for an actual front door key . 
  a red button saying `` do not press '' . 
  that would be my stepdad putting a plastic straw in the dishwasher in order to put it in the silverware drawer and re-use later . 
  well , ares * is * the god of war after all , so i think you 're on to something . 
  that adult life consists of roughly one part knowledge and one part sound advice but like 50 parts of fake-it-till-you-make-it-hopefully-they-can-repair-that-oh-my-god-i-hope-nobody-noticed . 
  anthems for doomed youth by the libertines, 
  i 'd been on the phone with my mum when i heard the toilet flush activating in the background . 
  for precisely the reason you 'd assume . 
  rage faces, 
  definitely the first couple of days right after passing my country 's equivalent of the a-level exams . 
  i had all of my oral exams on the same day and we had been confined to the same area from 12 am when the exams started with an hour 's delay until the results were announced at 8 pm . 
  it was mid-june ; the school building was badly insulated and nobody had eaten since breakfast . 
  i do n't think anything will ever come close to the feeling of liberation that seized me as i was leaving the school building that night fully aware that it was * over * . 
  for the first time in years i had absolutely nothing to stress over or worry about . 
  the day after my bed felt a little softer , the suns shone a little brighter , the champagne my best friend and i had bought just for the occasion tasted bubblier . 
  for those couple of days we truly felt like we could take on anything . 
  the handshake battle for dominance thing . 
  absolutely hilarious . 
  trump vs macron especially . 
  tall and female . 
  definitely shopping for clothes . 
  it 's usually a choice between too short or too wide . 
  sometimes i 'll get especially lucky and happen across clothes that are both . 
  receiving a text from a friend who just felt like checking in . 
  i 'm reasonably sure you meant to type `` ca n't '' , however , interestingly enough , your comment works anyway . 
  kinda . 
  sad but true . 
  after jobs ' death things started going downhill . 
  i only stick around for the trackpad . 
  `` explain to me why you 'd be a valuable addition to our company . '', 
  the city of leicester . 
  lancashire . 
  northern ireland and london tie for second place . 
  that right there is how you recognise a caring friend . 
  not feeling particularly daring right now . 
  could you elaborate on what made these websites creepy , please ? 
  i do n't think anybody deserves the death penalty , period . 
  and that 's not sympathy talking.the moment you consciously decide to end another human life , you just stoop down to the criminal 's level . 
  many people speak of `` justice being served '' when in reality it 's just their thirst for revenge talking . 
  killing the criminal wo n't undo the crime ; the dead stay dead , a rape victim ca n't be `` un-raped '' . 
  all that happens is that you add one more body to the body count . 
  a notebook . 
  sounds like a no-brainer and pretty much every college student owns one anyway but where i 'm from very few students also bring their notebook with them to the lectures/seminars despite it generally being a ) quicker to type your notes rather than write them out b ) easier to look for specific information in those notes and c ) easier to keep them organised . 
  also , back ups are another plus . 
  alternatively : `` is my mumbling that bad ? 
  is it my accent ? 
  damn , they must think i have some kind of speech impediment . '', 
  `` whelp , at least i tried . '', 
  the desk in the oval office has got to have seen some shit . 
  would love to hear some of the stories it could tell . 
  i agree with you to a certain extent , especially about there being different degrees of crimes that have to be considered . 
  it 's just that , i find the notion of there being circumstances in which somebody `` should n't be afforded the same rights as a human '' hard to stomach because of its potential to be abused . 
  it took long enough for humanity to come up with the current version of the human rights and if we start coming up with scenarios under which we can exclude people from it , then we 're ( slowly ) approaching a slippery slope that ( probably wo n't but ) might be exploited in the future . 
  also , i dislike the implied hypocrisy of it , like `` murder is a crime . 
  crimes are bad . 
  you killed someone . 
  you 're bad . 
  we 'll kill you for that . '', 
  i know , that 's a severely oversimplified way of putting it but to me it feels a lot like saying `` a crime 's is not a crime if it aligns with our interest . '', 
  you can also add the man who sold the world to the list of great nirvana covers . 
  i feel like it captures the essence of the song so much better . 
  would n't that make her the donkey in the room ? 
  because if humanity/society were to go down the drain , we 'd be going down with it . 
  getting screwed because we live in a world that seems to be driven by ignorance/greed/egotism tends to really put a damper on your day . 
  if anyone 's gon na ruin my life , it 's gon na be me , for fuck 's sake . 
  subtle guilt tripping . 
  my parent 's had it down to an art form and learning by example is a thing , you know ? 
  i usually actively avoid doing it because it 's really petty and would probably put a strain on family relations in the long run ; but damn , is it effective when you do use it . 
  edit : wording, 
  i think this might be a variation of the old `` if it was n't for x , all of europe would be speaking german now '' claim except that he mixed up `` deutschland '' and `` sudetenland '' . 
  like , i assume that according to this line of reasoning , if einstein had been convicted of theft at an early point in his life he would n't have had access to the kind of education that played a big part in making him the albert einstein we know , thus never making any significant discoveries pertaining to nuclear power , thus delaying the invention of the first atomic bomb , thus causing the allies to lose the war and all of europe to fall under german control . 
  obviously , for this line of reasoning to work a mix of substantial disregard of historical facts and ignorance of european geographic terminology is imperative . 
  maybe not everybody , but during my home country 's presidential elections the amazing phrase `` rarely has the country been more in agreement about politics . 
  100 % of the citizens believe 50 % of their compatriots are morons '' cropped up . 
  please excuse the clumsy translation . 
  tbh , i feel like this sentiment can apply to a variety of situations , not just politics . 
  that seems rather implausible . 
  admittedly , my knowledge on the topic is mostly reliant on high school history classes , a shit ton of documentaries and the occasional chat with people from my grandparent 's generation so please take everything written here with a grain of salt , but on the eastern front in particular , germany had little chance of the tides ever turning in their favour , especially after stalingrad . 
  you have to remember that germany had been fighting a war on multiple fronts , france in the west , the uk in northern africa and russia in the east . 
  furthermore italy ended up requiring military assistance in the mediterranean ( believe it was in greece to be exact , but i ca n't be bothered to check the details rn ) .
