  i got lost for two whole days at work just reading articles . 
  it 's absolutely mind-blowing that these empires existed and most people have n't even heard of them . 
  after reading enough i have the distinct impression that without the greco-buddhist kingdoms buddhism may have been a small sect that died out . 
  the greek empires in the region were the first to become buddhist in a large scale . 
  the skeptic school of philosophy probably started when greek philosophers who traveled with alexander returned from a long stay in greek india . 
  these greco-buddhist kingdoms lasted for some 600 years in northern india and central asia , interacting with chinese , indian , and southeast asian kingdoms as well as those of the middle east and west . 
  [ start here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-buddhism ) and read whatever links look interesting . 
  you 'll be busy for a while . 
  i guarantee that the feeling you had when first learning about byzantium will be replicated here , maybe even stronger just because all of this is so unexpected and , really , exotic . 
   against troy ? 
  it was like 10 cities versus one , and you still had to use the horse . 
  troy only lost because the dumbasses brought the horse in for some unfathomable reason . 
  they had big fucking walls , man !, 
  and dozens of allies !, 
  they were n't alone by any means . 
   or against rome ? 
  you won in the sense that your culture completely took them over and you got into all the positions of power . 
  you almost did that with the ottomans too . 
  goddamn your advanced and ancient culture . 
  i really admire the romans because they took the best of greek culture and , for a time , managed to keep from succumbing to the downfalls of overindulgence , hubris , passion , etc. 
  then they just fell for the same shit later on . 
    that makes me incredibly sad . 
  i do n't think anyone can look at byzantine history and not be completely enthralled by it . 
  i would assume greeks would be very protective of that . 
  i 've only recently started being interested in it . 
  at the risk of embarrassing myself , i thought it was all iconography and repressive christianity . 
  i was so , so wrong . 
  i actually have [ a short history of byzantium ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0679772693?psc=1&amp;redirect=true&amp;ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00 ) and [ sailing from byzantium : how a lost empire shaped the world ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/055338273x?psc=1&amp;redirect=true&amp;ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00 ) in my ( physical ) book queue ( i buy way more books than i read - so i have one stack of books that i 'm going to read , and another of books i 've recently read ) . 
  byzantium is so amazing , so interesting , that it 's hard to imagine very few people learn about it . 
  the interactions with china alone are astounding and something i never knew . 
  also learning about the greco-buddhist kingdoms and the kingdoms alexander 's generals setup through random wiki articles when the mood strikes . 
  so much enthralling history that so few people know . 
   when the marble king returns , he 's going to be very angry . 
  there are people in greece that have told me after he fell , palaiologos was carried wounded but alive into hagia sophia and taken into a room below the church ( as the story goes ) . 
  there , he was turned to marble by one of the archangels . 
  the priests held the invading ottomans at bay while the room was sealed off completely with the patriarch and archangel inside . 
  when the priests were killed by the ottomans , they tried to bash the wall down . 
  a flash of light killed everyone that struck the wall and the ottomans , fearing some crazy magic , ran away . 
  the ottomans filled in the tunnel to prevent anything from getting out and it 's been since lost to time , awaiting his return ... 
  would n't that be a utopian mix of socialism and technocracy since he wants a bureaucracy of experts basically controlling production ? 
  i 'm half dutch , half greek - i 'll broker the talks !, 
   pft , that 's only what the greek city-states told themselves after !, 
  no no , we were n't conquered by some uncivilized barbarians ; they 're actually troyan , so it 's ok . hey , * we * won that one !, 
   relatedly , there really is an astounding lack of knowledge about the byzantines in general . 
  how does greece teach byzantine history ? 
  i do n't know , i did all my schooling in the usa . 
  afaik it 's not really covered much , though . 
  the school system in greece is shit until university . 
  deal !, 
  of course we 're better . 
  we founded rome !, 
  the aeneid is truth !, 
  [ that 's a lot of place to patrol ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xzph9bd.png ), 
  can we just do byzantine ? 
  maybe , at worst , rum ? 
  cause , y' know , we 're not roman - we 're better . 
  yes and no . 
  most people do n't want anything to do with them officially , but they wo n't cut ties with you if you 're a friend/family . 
  greece has an interesting political makeup . 
  there are people from all over the spectrum - from furthest left to furthest right - and most areas on the political spectrum have representation in the parliament . 
  golden dawn at their biggest only had some 6 % of the popular support which is , i think , around what the communists had . 
   does greece not have a national coast guard that has the authority to drive away whichever boat illegally entering their waters ? 
  yes , we do . 
  but we 're having a bit of an issue with funds at the moment and we only have about 7,000 people in the coast guard and less than 200 boats . 
  to cover [ all this area ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xzph9bd.png ) . 
  it 'd have to be a joint effort , for sure , because we ca n't do it alone . 
  our best bet would maybe be to expand the mandatory military service back to 1 year and get whatever boats we can to start patrolling . 
   geez , how did greece defend itself before it became part of eu ? 
  our navy and air force are quite good , but also small . 
  our special forces as well . 
  but we 've also been unimportant enough that people did n't really bother us the last 70 years . 
   turkey hosts 2 million , lebanon hosts 1 million people and they have yet to explode . 
  so how come you are telling me millions of refugees would be a disaster for europe ? 
  of course , if we receive a million per year for a decade or two things could turn worse . 
  but right now we are dealing with manageable numbers , even more so if certain countries would do their part . 
   they host these people in camps , not in their cities and towns . 
  they 're not providing them with welfare past basic necessities . 
  all indications point to things being very different in europe . 
  do you think we 're going to go ahead and build camps to house these migrants , or will they be given homes and money to live off of ? 
  the latter is much more probably and much more expensive . 
   ` for life ' we do not intent to host them for life . 
  some will get deported once syria is safe others will become contributing members to our society . 
  simple as that . 
  that 's an incredibly optimistic view . 
  i hope that if things continue the way they are right now the end result will be as you describe it . 
  it 's the absolute best case scenario . 
  the reality , i fear , is that because the majority of migrants coming in are n't even syrian there 'll be nothing to do but let them in and keep them . 
  even if the syrians return to rebuild syria then the afghanis , pakistanis , bangladeshis , iraqis , north africans , sub-saharan africans , north caucasians , etc could very probably not . 
  we 're letting everyone in now and that 's a very dangerous game to play . 
  for the record , i 'm all for helping the actual refugees . 
  i do n't think there 's a better plan than refugee camps in greece to house them . 
  i do n't think there 's much more europe can do than have eu-sponsored camps in western thrace and on a few islands to house these people until the syrian conflict comes to its natural end . 
  but if we start giving them houses and free money what happens then ? 
  yes , but neither of ours reach even halfway across the border . 
  if you build a wall that people can get around , they will do so . 
  if you 're not going to build a massive wall , with cooperation from both bulgaria and greece , then whatever you do build will just be waste of money . 
  the eu will have to block the land borders turkey shares with greece and bulgaria , as well as the massive amount of ocean between the two countries . 
  some of the islands are just a few kilometers off the coast of turkey . 
  there will have to be ocean patrols and permanent outposts on the majority of islands , including crete . 
  then there 's the issue of cyprus ...
