  they had great industry before but now they 've really been able to rake in the money with a deflated euro . 
  sympathy for those who voted yes ? 
  those who wanted the current terms - that the imf themselves have called unfair and unsustainable - to continue ? 
  sigh , some people will believe anything . 
  i was for a no vote from the start because the terms need to be renegotiated and the troika is too busy trying to save face than being actually committed to making a fair change to the terms . 
  the troika cares about looking tough , not making necessary changes , so they can go fuck themselves . 
  this was our last option to change things . 
  if you 're european your taxes have given money to project in almost a eu countries . 
  that 's how the union works . 
  what you do with your personal money is of course up to you , and i would sincerely hope you give to countries like haiti and the philippines before you give to greece . 
  i left greece , too . 
  am i supposed to be a total dick about it and try to make myself feel better for leaving or should i have some sympathy ? 
  his point was wrong . 
  he 's trying to say eastern europeans should n't care about the problem in greece because the people of greece make more . 
  that 's incredibly simplistic and , frankly , stupid . 
  cost of living is very different between those countries . 
  next time there 's a european crisis let 's tell the spaniard and italians not to mind because the indonesians and thai makes much less . 
  yeah , that makes sense . 
  you seem to have trouble with cost of living . 
  take your estonian wage and move to london . 
  you wo n't make it for a month . 
  that 's a dramatic example but it 's similar in greece . 
  cost of living in greece is higher and we have higher taxes across the entire board . 
  massive income taxes , vat taxes , property taxes . 
  it 's not even double-dipping in greece , there are dozens of hands taking the money from your pocket . 
  $ 400 takes you much farther in estonia than in greece . 
  do you think i 'm to blame for all those things ? 
  i 'm being smug because some people ca n't seem to understand that different countries have different standards of living . 
  take your monthly wage and try to live off that in berlin . 
  not very easy , is it ? 
  that 's where my smugness comes from . 
  some people just have trouble understanding that you ca n't live in slovakia , greece , holland , or switzerland making the same exact wage . 
  if you do n't want to help , fuck it . 
  do you think i care ? 
  i do n't even want to be in the eu . 
  they showed that * real people * do n't mean shit to them , that they 'd rather save face and not make any concessions to make an example of us . 
  they played their hand . 
  it 's been obvious for a while now their plans are n't working , that they 're just making things worse , and they have n't been willing to meet and discuss with the greek government because they do n't like the greek government 's political stance . 
  who the fuck is getting $ 850 pensions ? 
  where did you read this bullshit ? 
  my family 's pensions were cut and the best paid one is making $ 400 . 
  her rent is $ 200 . 
  that leaves $ 200 for her and her sons to live off of , because they do n't have any jobs . 
  another thing to mention in regards to costs of living in different countries - $ 350 will get you much father in estonia than it will in greece . 
  even though our economies are the same size things cost more in greece . 
  and you 're not being fucked from both ends , like greeks are . 
  you 're not seeing your taxes increase across the board while your wages are being slashed and you ca n't say shit because you 're the only person left in your family with a job . 
  $ 1500 pay checks that you made 6 years ago are now $ 1000 while your taxes have gone up and goods cost the same . 
  you 're completely ignoring the details and only looking at two numbers - pensions in estonia and bullshit figures from greece about pensions that i have n't seen in a few years now . 
  well thankfully you 're here to set all of us ignorant , foolish greeks straight with your incredible knowledge of economics . 
  i agree . 
  for me a yes vote was a vote to continue the status quo . 
  we 've seen how unsustainable that has been . 
  if we want real reform , and we need it , we need to destroy what 's there now and rebuild from the start . 
  for me a no vote was a vote that the status quo is n't doing anything good and we need change . 
  what change that will bring is uncertain but i can only hope part of it is a total reset . 
  one month of growth is one thing , sustaining that growth through the winter and into 2016 would have been very , very difficult . 
  we ca n't quote the very short term growth and say greece was on the road to recovery . 
  so ... is the greek government beholden to the * german * people , or the greek people ? 
  it 's almost like different countries have different standards of living . 
  wow , who 'd have though ? 
  i would expect a swiss to understand that better than most . 
  is n't there a proposal to create a ubi in switzerland of around $ 45,000 ? 
  what should the hatians say when they make us$ 100 a year ? 
  complain that the swiss are willing to just give citizens hundreds of times that without working for it ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i do n't live in greece anymore and do n't follow the clusterfuck that is greek politics , unfortunately . 
  if i married a swiss i could live in switzerland . 
  and i love me some alps !, 
  bern is one of my favorite cities in the world . 
  can you marry me so i can become a swiss citizen and actually vote on things ? 
  edit : despite your initial thoughts , i assure you i have a positive net worth and am a hard worker . 
  i will do whatever i can to advance the position of our household and make sure our children have better lives than we did . 
  i also have a house on the beach in greece with a killer view , 
  maybe the manufacturer should make green cars people actually want to buy ? 
  you 're assuming they buy the diesel * in addition to * the electric car . 
  if they buy the diesel instead they 're paying perhaps the same or less than the electric car and saving the inevitable high prices they 'll have to pay to rent a large car during holiday season . 
  makes more sense to buy the diesel . 
  or a hybrid , if the environment is of more concern . 
   not a bad idea actually . 
  i would hope they would n't need to be forced to defend their homeland , though . 
  and of course the should be paid for their efforts . 
  that 's the problem - * we * ca n't pay them . 
  if frontex is willing to recruit greeks for one or two year contract positions that would not only help the greek economy but it will help with unemployment ( obviously ) and the migrant crisis . 
   that 's why we have navies , drones , satellites ... we ca n't really spare the money to have our navy buy more boats . 
  as it stands they 're all already patrolling . 
   not a bad idea either . 
  better than leaving them defenseless against the hordes invading their homes . 
  while i 'm sure it would make the islanders feel more comfortable/protected i think we 're just one itchy trigger finger away from a media uproar there . 
  frontex really , really needs increased funding for this . 
  my father has seen them at the border with turkey and there are very few there , nowhere near enough to make any difference . 
  frontex should really open up recruiting and the eu needs to do whatever is needed to give frontex the ability to secure europe 's borders . 
  we do n't have the ability to . 
  no money , no soldiers , no police for this . 
  what 's your proposition ? 
  round up all the unemployed youth and force them to volunteer ? 
  if we just had a land border like our northern neighbors we could build a fence . 
  but we have hundreds of islands for the refugees and migrants to land on . 
  should we just give the islanders guns and tell them to shoot anyone without a valid passport ? 
  shane , they should have used xbox .
