  being proud of your culture and not wanting to lose it are n't nationalistic and , for that matter , being nationalistic is n't a negative !, 
  in other posts on this sub today i 've read `` thankfully the racists have n't been posting as many ugly comments today . '', 
  i think it 's disingenuous to call everyone that does n't agree with an open doors policy racist , and i think that , while it may draw fire from the fringe on both sides , your first sentence is the best bridge between doing what is right * as humans * and * for europe . 
   the only viable non-humans-involved approach that i can think of would be automated weapons with sensors . 
  orrrr ... release 10,000 mountain lions in the border area that have been genetically modified to have a taste for human flesh but that die after 180 days . 
  us$ 5,000 per head to do * that ? 
  * looks like i 'm opening a smuggling office in libya , boys . 
  who 's with me ? 
  first merkel , now arvanitakis !, 
  we 're being betrayed from all sides !, 
  that 's not fair , they 're not * all * leaving their wives and children . 
  oh , it 's definitely not !, 
  if you are n't for the total free movement of migrants into europe then you 're racist , a fascist , a nazi , a nationalist ( oh , apparently that 's bad now ? 
  ) , intolerant , close-minded , etc. 
  this could be a cheap win for them . 
  pretend they 're doing europe a favor by willingly taking migrants that would end up there anyway to win some goodwill among the other countries in the eu that actually have money left to support these people . 
  when hungary closes their southern border syria will follow suit . 
  then skopje . 
  greece is the port of entry and we * will * be overrun if our northern neighbors close their borders ( which they have every right to do ) . 
  or maybe we should phrase that in a way merkel would actually care : when the migrants overrun greece the greeks will respond by joining up en mass with groups like golden dawn . 
  fascism in europe !, 
  she said legitimate asylum seekers , right ? 
  well , there 's isis in iraq and several countries in sub-saharan africa ( boko haram , but they also allied themselves with isis ) , violence in libya , afghanistan , pakistan , and bangladesh ... are n't all those people technically legitimate asylum seekers ? 
  europe ca n't save everyone whose country is in a spot of trouble . 
  there 's a way you can find out for yourself !, 
  step 1 : go to border of sweden and finland step 2 : toss your documents into a bush step 3 : ????? 
  step 4 : finnish asylum !, 
  yes , but , why go out and say everyone is welcome ? 
  why not just say you 'll help the other eu countries carry the burden of refugees ? 
  why try to impose very underestimated quotas on the other eu countries ? 
  for us i know we appreciate the taking of migrants but the * real * help would be in securing the border and islands . 
  taking migrants from greece wo n't do much to help the people most affected by this crisis - those that live on the islands currently overrun by migrants , those that live on islands that will soon be overrun by migrants , and those at the eastern and northern borders of the country that stay inside after dark because of the hundreds of migrants that are making their way through ... 
  seriously , what the fuck ? 
  let the refugees in , help them . 
  try to integrate them . 
  send the true economic migrants back to where they came from . 
  do good without overstepping what you can realistically handle . 
  but no , announce to the entire world that europe 's doors are open to everyone . 
  i 've never wanted to be a part of the eu experiment less than i have these past two weeks - and i wanted greece to drop the euro . 
  this is going to get worse and worse and worse and the astounding thing is it 's already been happening for * years , * but now people are starting to pay attention . 
  now the politicians of western and northern europe are being asked to do something , but by the time anything actually gets done it may be too little too late . 
   it is possible to live a good life in nigeria or congo ... ... if you 're from a family in good standing with the government that has money and lives in or near a major city - but it you 're the other 95 % of the country then europe looks really good . 
   if any of these countries were going to literally pack up all their population and move to europe , they would have done so long ago . 
  the quarter of a million or so that have been coming in yearly for the last decade were the ones who took the most risk . 
  they did n't know what was waiting for them , they did n't know what was going to happen when they made it to their destination . 
  now they have an open invite . 
  they know where to go , and they know how to get there ( throw a fit and demand you be taken to sweden 's doorstep ) . 
  it could get a lot worse now that this is international news and millions believe that all of them are welcome . 
  the north of skopje is basically a free-for-all for migrants , i think , and it has been for years . 
  it 's their first real test . 
  they 've been traveling for weeks , maybe months and they 're now in a very cold , mountainous , and desolate/remote area without much food and improper clothing . 
  in a place where the police are n't known for being the nicest ( this is true for serbia and greece also , but more for skopje ) to illegals and where getting caught by them will result in a bad beating and a bus back to the border with greece . 
  the mountains in the north of skopje are littered with migrants - some stay there for months , repeatedly trying to cross the border into serbia and getting caught while trying to remain unseen by skopjan police for fear of getting sent back to greece and having to do the hardest part again . 
  we just want these migrants out of our country . 
  99.9 % do n't want to be here anyway , so we do n't impede them unless we 're officially asked to . 
  several thousand refugees arrived in thessaloniki on a cruise ship the other day and were expecting to then be loaded on buses and sent north ( of course , this is all completely paid for or heavily subsidized by the greek government ) . 
  the germans asked greece to prevent them from leaving greece so the government of thessaloniki was forced to put them on trains and buses going to athens . 
  the migrants were pissed , they want germany !, 
  athens is pissed , they have no money and no proper housing , with many homeless and unemployed !, 
  greece will be forced to take more and more refugees that we not only ca n't afford but that we ca n't provide decent accommodations to without help . 
  these people do n't even want to be in greece , they want to leave , so within days of arriving in athens they 're already disappearing and going up north with the other migrants that show up in the peloponnese and attica ... 
  you must * really * have a great imagination to `` find '' any economic advice in my post . 
  in 20 years there 'll be swedes coming the other way looking for asylum in denmark . 
  then you can let them sweat for a while on the bridge before finally relenting and opening the doors . 
  make sure you remind them daily how denmark is their savior . 
   to have the crap kicked out of them by camerawomen ? 
  oh , wow - i was n't aware that this was a coordinated effort by all camerawomen of hungary , trying to brutally attack these poor migrants . 
  i was under the impression that it was one asshole acting alone . 
   they are well integrated - source , my ca . 
  500,000 population city has about 20 % of foreign origin ( 94,999 total according to 2012 statistics , ~ 20,000 of them from turkey ) . 
  it works well . 
  ask the people of marseilles how well it works when that percentage gets a bit higher . 
  if the foreigners with very non-european cultures , religions , and beliefs do not feel they have a stake in society - whether it 's the fault of the country for not helping them integrate or the fault of the person for not wanting to integrate - then they 'll live their life like leeches . 
  they 'll take whatever they can and not give back . 
  they may only live off welfare or they may commit crimes . 
  if we , as a union , are going to be letting these syrians in we need to be prepared for the most likely eventuality - that they wo n't leave - and begin integration as soon as possible . 
  for me this mean - do n't ask them where to go , tell them where to go . 
  country , state , city/town/village . 
  do n't throw them all in one place and hope it works , because it wo n't - there are plenty of examples in europe that prove this . 
  send a couple families to one village , a half dozen to a small city , and 4-5 families to a town . 
  provide them with a place to live and a job - be it sweeping the streets or cleaning the trash , i highly doubt it matters to them - to give them a stake in society . 
  give them free lessons in the local language that are mandatory for certain benefits , say , maybe you 'll get an extra 25 euro per month per family member that attends all classes . 
  make sure they can not only communicate in the local language but that they can really express themselves . 
  giving them a stake in society and teaching them the language will , i think , ensure a * much * more peaceful future of these migrants in europe vs. just tossing them to germany or sweden and hoping it works ( which is what the current `` plan '' seems to be ) . 
  shhh , let them pretend like bringing in immigrants will somehow fix all of the eu 's unemployment and economic issues . 
  this is fun to watch . 
   who was gon na kill them in macedonia ? 
  the stretch of land that includes this area and southern serbia is apparently the most dangerous part of the migrant 's journey , according to an independent vice documentary . 
   for the next hour . 
  do n't sell yourself short , 
   i ca n't wait to get to what the art must look like !, 
  remember those massive buddhas that the taliban blew up ~ 15 years ago ? 
  those were a prime example of greco-buddhist art from the end of the greco-buddhist period . 
  there 's a lot of art from the period , it seems . 
  some of it looks like the kind of stuff you 'd still see in india . 
  enjoy !, 
   look at this majestic fucker . 
  he definitely looks ready and willing to retake constantinople , that 's for sure !, 
  greco-buddhism is so damn interesting . 
  i do n't even know where to begin .
