   the oil really makes them completely immune from criticism in our media this same oil money is being funneled into the capitals of europe to set up or buy multinational corporations and invest billions that they can go on to live off of when the oil dries out and their home countries turn back into dust . 
  there are so many migrants in those gulf countries because the citizens ca n't be bothered with anything `` blue collar . '', 
  they 've been living the good life for so long they 're above that , so they import people to work in the service industry , manual labor jobs , etc. 
  not sure if joke but those four countries are not great , and may only get worse . 
  pakistan is not stable and western companies dread being pulled into doing business there . 
  europe has a great trade agreement with bangladesh , but is n't willing to do anything to help the situation there . 
  it 's a total clusterfuck and no one wants to help . 
  the end result will be tens of millions of people leaving . 
  where will they go ? 
  most will probably hit india , but the determined ones will be coming to europe . 
  imo europe 's best option is to work on improving those countries the people come from . 
  do n't just throw money at the problem , but set up better trade deals to shift imports from the far east and southeast asia to the countries most of europe 's migrants come from ( or will come from ) . 
  if we can make things decent enough there we 'll be better off here . 
  china has ghost cities because they build them up years before anyone is going to move in . 
  the government of china plans these population shifts carefully . 
  a ghost city of 2010 wo n't be one in 2020 . 
  the cost of production in china is very different from region to region and those that get expensive end up becoming manufacturing centers for higher quality goods with larger margins while the cheap manufacturing moves further inland and west - conveniently in those cities that were empty just years ago . 
  the syrians are a small part of the whole . 
  there are migrants coming in from over a dozen countries . 
  i do n't think everyone is saying to kick the syrians out and let them figure shit out on their own . 
  i think the majority of people are saying that the migrants coming in with the syrians are the most concerning . 
  you call it a lack of empathy , i call it a lack of resources . 
  we just do n't have the money or the ability to help these people . 
  there are almost as many migrants as refugees on one island and on two other large islands the migrants are 25-30 % of the island now . 
  and they 're creating an issue with the safety of the locals . 
  riots in lesbos , increased crime in rhodes . 
  many of the migrants are upset because they 're not being processed as fast as they 'd like because the local greek governments are so overrun by migrants they have to prioritize the syrians first . 
  the other 70 % of the migrants do n't like that - they want to get the fuck out of greece asap and get over to where the money is . 
  besides , we 've been sheltering migrants for many years . 
  there are tens of thousands of filipinos living in athens who love greece and would never dream of leaving , even with the current economic climate . 
  there are sub-saharan africans who came and learned the language and made a real life for themselves . 
  there are also thousands of pakistanis that have set up shop in nea ionia and refuse to integrate or learn the language . 
  imagine my surprised when i walked into a shop to ask for directions to the metro station only to see 10 pakistani men staring at me with bewildered looks on their faces ? 
  in the heart of athens ? 
  you ca n't help everyone , and not everyone will integrate as you 'd hope . 
  this is n't going to end well if european leaders actually believe we can help everyone applying for asylum . 
   understandable . 
  this is a crisis after all . 
  however we are going to be fine . 
  a million refugees wo n't bring down a continent which has gone through much much more worse in the past . 
  at current rates we 'll be at 1 million * per year * sooner rather than later . 
  1 million total is absolutely fine an sustainable . 
  1 million per year is a disaster waiting to happen . 
   do n't let this subreddit blind you : nothing is going to fall apart . 
  you are not going to be gang-raped . 
  no one will take your house . 
  sharia law will never be enforced . 
  the fear mongering in this sub is out of control . . you 're putting words in a lot of people 's mouths . 
  your country has estimated that it 'll cost near half a million usd to support , for life , migrants that settle in germany . 
  multiply that by a million and you 'll have an amount that can actually make things fall apart . 
  would n't it have been better for you if they just stayed in their home countries where you could sell them actual tanks and weapons ? 
   until that is rectified ( and it probably never will be ) things will only continue to get worse . 
  europe is full of a lot of very opinionated people from diverse cultural and economic backgrounds . 
  it 's natural the something that works for you wo n't work for your neighbor , for various reasons . 
  but the fact that we ca n't even * talk * about it with most people is ridiculous . 
  for the record : i 'm very worried about the migrants issue . 
  i 'm not against giving refugees asylum , but i feel that the reality of our situation is that the majority of these migrants are n't from syria but from places outside . 
  there are greek islands that are drowning in immigrants and the people that live there fear leaving their houses at night . 
  the majority of those people are n't even syrian - they 're just economic migrants looking for a way into the heart of europe either looking for the work or welfare promised land . 
  they get on a train to denmark, 
  just toss your documents before the border and tell them you 're syrian !, 
  reminds me of when the albanian population in my family 's summer town went from 5 to 35 . 
  many of the people freaked out and said crime would go through the roof . 
  one house was burgled and everyone felt vindicated . 
  turns out it was actually a gypsy , but ca n't let the facts get in the way of a good argument , right ? 
  20 or so of the 35 albanians stayed even after the crisis . 
  they have great jobs , they 've started families , and they own homes . 
  the other 15 went to scandinavia to start over , but i ca n't blame them . 
  some people in the town are still convinced the albanians that are left are criminals , they 're just waiting ... 
  same shit is happening in greece . 
  and as things start to get worse , more and more of my facebook friends are liking golden dawn pages . 
  thankfully that 's only a small minority , but the fact is the majority of people are set in their views on the migrants and unwilling to budge . 
  did you look at his link ? 
  if not , i 'll save you the effort : the guy had 4 wives in syria . 
  he studied how best to get asylum in europe , and was told that he should n't mention he has 4 wives because in europe polygamy is illegal . 
  he stated his first wife is his only wife and the other three are his girlfriends . 
  there 'll be no migration issue in europe if there 's no one to migrate to europe !, 
  sounds like a great solution , very final . 
  i propose we call it - the final solution . 
   a couple of thousand of refugees hardly constitutes a great migration . 
  pull your head out of the sand and look at what 's happening around you . 
  a couple thousand migrants are landing on greek islands * every fucking day . 
  * 350,000 migrants have entered europe from january to august , compared to 250,000 in the same time frame last year . 
  it will only get worse . 
  and it 's not something that 's been happening for only the last two years , either . 
  this may not yet be the great migration but we are seeing the beginning of it . 
  if we do n't at least have a plan to stop this we may be seeing 1 million people per year in 5-10 years ... 
  someone asked me earlier why greece does n't close the borders . 
  i was thinking to myself - have you ever picked up a map ? 
   why do they open their border to those people in the first place ? 
  in case you have n't noticed , greece and italy have almost indefensible borders . 
  it 's a little hard for us to close them . 
  we stop the migrants entering kos , lesbos , and rhodes and they 'll enter limnos , samos , and chios ( where there are already hundreds , maybe thousands entering ) . 
  block them from entering crete and they 'll start striking out for the interior of the aegean . 
  their boats will be wrecked by the strong seas there and we 'll be labeled criminals for not shepherding all migrants into the heart of greece . 
   there is eu money available for that . 
  keep your money , take your share of migrants . 
   they still have to prove , using documents , that they are from syria . 
  haha , do you really believe this ? 
  and the thousands and thousands of non-syrians who are tossing their documents and saying they are syrian are idiots ?
