  and eastern europe is giving western europe shit tons of cheap labor to be able to make the money to do that . 
   they 're not dynastic but they 're still despots . 
  they 're the definition of corporatocracy . 
  gorgeous , wonderful country with good people but anything based around the continued economic success of a few privately-owned companies is doomed in the long run . 
   south korea is a good country now because it had a people who were willing to stick by hard times and make it such rather than running off or hitching boats to japan to live in ` paradise ' . 
  let 's not forget the billions the united states invested in sk , the shared border defense which helped sk secure their country at a greatly reduced cost , the very beneficial trade agreements that helped sk corporations like samsung and lg get to where they are now , and the continued support of sk through economic and military matters . 
  same stuff happened with japan . 
  the us managed to help japan rebuild from the ashes left at the end of wwii . 
  unpopular opinion time , but the same thing happened in germany . 
  the us pumped so much money into germany and helped germany get back on its feet ( and then some ) . 
  the us also provided a massive stabilizing force in the region that allowed most european countries , germany chief among them , to focus less on defense spending and more on rebuilding their countries . 
  no one cares about the middle east in that way . 
  the me is n't important enough by any stretch . 
   at the end of the day , someone has to fix everything , or we 're all screwed . 
  very true . 
  and it 's not like europe is totally blameless in the clusterfucks that are the middle east and the entire african continent . 
  and , to preserve our lives ( in the figurative , not literal sense ) , we can fight back if their better life will harm ours . 
  case-in-point : migrants have every right to try and get into europe . 
  europe has every right to decide who can actually come in . 
  that 's one place . 
  and that 's those who are showing up on the islands . 
  there are tens of thousands making the land crossing as they 've been doing for years already . 
  the land crossing has been perfected by those who have been smuggling people across northern greece for a decade or more . 
  this also does n't count the tens of thousands crossing over to italy , of which the majority are surely not syrian . 
  i think the actual percentages may be closer to 50/50 , personally . 
  and , surely , as the tide of syrians slows there will be iraqis/afghanis to take their place , as they 've been saying recently . 
  at least one billion . 
  if you 're looking at the regions where migrants come to europe from you 're looking at middle east ( 220m + ) , north africa and sub-saharan africa ( 1.1 b + ) , central asia ( 66m + ) , and bangladesh ( 160m + ) . 
  the population of sub-saharan africa is exploding and just one country ( nigeria ) will have 500m around 2050 . 
  helping to fix these countries is the best solution if we want to save europe as we know it . 
  it will be much cheaper in the long-run , surely , and it 'll prevent a massive ( destabilizing ) influx of migrants as wars intensify and resources dwindle . 
   better be prepared there are no euros next year . 
  the were cancelled !, 
  i have n't seen any pictures from the last week but prior to that it already looked bad . 
  sucks for the locals . 
  i know people have been fleeing the island to just not have to deal with this . 
  it 's just too small of an island for those many people from such disparate backgrounds . 
  especially when the migrants are so agitated . 
  it was posted elsewhere in the thread , you can look around for it . 
  it 's not just the toe , as you say . 
  if you 've got a headache ( hungary freaking out ) , a sore throat ( migrants overrunning greek islands ) , stuffy nose ( munich with entirely too many migrants coming in at one time with the situation not looking to let up any time soon ) do you say nothing is wrong because my nose is stuffy or do you put 2 and 2 together to find out you 're sick ? 
  that 's not to mention the issues on serbia , skopje , and the border crossings between denmark and sweden . 
  if the situation was limited to munich and munich alone i would be right there with you . 
  but the issue is pan-european and not limited to munich . 
  munich is just a part of the whole . 
  your third paragraph is why many people are worried these migrants wo n't integrate . 
  they 're uneducated and poor on their home country and they do n't speak the language of their destination country . 
  it will be very , very hard for them to integrate . 
  that 's the best long-term solution . 
  for the short-term i think we should just keep pointed the refugees into the general direction of germany and let the german government reap what they 've sown . 
  did you enjoy the angry hordes of non-syrian migrants angry that they 're not being processed fast enough or the badly-spelled `` we will take over the island '' signs ? 
  more than 66k have already come in september with 40k more expected by close of the weekend . 
  estimates might have been a little low ... 
  63,000 migrants in the last week and change with another 40,000 expected throughout the weekend . 
  that 's not just tough for munich , that 's tough for germany considering they 've already adjusted their yearly estimate of migrants from 800,000 to 1,000,000 + . 
  this issue in munich is a symptom . 
  you do n't ignore one symptom and hope everything else will be fine . 
  exactly . 
  what she meant and what german law states are irrelevant when thousands of people in baghdad and kabul start marching through the city holding signs thanking her . 
  the migrant crisis has just begun . 
  the syrians are the first wave . 
  the afghans and iraqis will be next . 
  sub-saharan africans , north africans , bangladeshis , and central asians will be coming in greater numbers then , too . 
  the statement was interpreted by those who really matter as an open invitation . 
  the tsipras government wanted renegotiation of tees to something more fair for us . 
  even the imf agreed it was needed . 
  germany stood firm and refused . 
  this led to more political turmoil in greece and more people than ever angry at germany and the eu project . 
  now the migrants are coming in and germany is asking us to help . 
  the interim government is , as best they can , by moving migrants to athens . 
  but almost as many that get to athens leave within days . 
  the interim government does n't want to ruffle any feathers with the eu so they 're doing what germany says . 
  the elected government will probably not be as willing . 
  the refugee crisis will probably swing the election towards more nationalist and right wing parties , too . 
  the migrants we 're transporting to athens are the ones germany told us we had to keep . 
  they just leave after a few days . 
  the migrants we 're transporting to kavala and thessaloniki are the ones going right through greece . 
  they 're the ones wer ' e not even trying to keep . 
  the migrants that come here do n't want to stay here . 
  they want to leave asap . 
  they even restored to rioting when they felt they were n't getting processed fast enough , waving signs saying `` we will take over the island . '', 
  pretty scary when the local population is 80,000 and there are 25-35 ,000 migrants in the island and only dozens of police ... 
  she 's worried about losing \u00d6zil, 
  how ironic, 
  what she actually said does n't matter anymore when there are marches in baghdad and kabul showing her as a savior and thanking her ... 
  the amount of migrants will increase even more thanks to her words , whether they 've been misinterpreted or not . 
  they should have been put into holes in the ground up to their neck and stoned !, 
   i respect all people , we need to do our part to help actual refugees , but economic migrants from africa , and other parts of the middle east are not our problem . 
  100 % agree with your statement here . 
  i do n't understand how people can read this and say that it 's a racist or xenophobic belief that * we ca n't help everyone . 
  * we need to help those who really need the help . 
  if we try to help everyone who is poor then some 2 billion people are now our responsibility . 
  who wants that ? 
  we can help refugees from countries that are currently being torn apart by war . 
  syria mostly but iraq and afghanistan . 
  pakistan , though ? 
  north africa ? 
  what gives these people the same rights as refugees from countries being torn apart by war ? 
   culture does exist here . 
  swedish culture , germany culture , estonian culture etc etc another thing that i think a lot of those who will call your first statement xenophobic seem to assume is racist , somehow .
