have a couple gyros after a long night of drinking on the beach and you 'll see what they mean, 
  it 's a shame so few realize this and keep buying into it by calling them macedonian . 
  they have their own proud history to look to , why usurp someone else 's ? 
  i live in the usa , but i hope to move back in the next 5 years . 
  not like you do either !, 
   this would trigger an exodus of greece 's youth it 's already happening , and in large amounts . 
  there 's so many greek youth out in asia now - when i was last in hong kong i found out that the greek community has almost tripled , with most of the new ` imports ' being young professionals . 
  same story in shanghai as well , and i 've heard that melbourne is getting pretty packed ... 
  clydesdales , obviously . 
  working on it mate . 
  thinking it may be a good idea to allow all migrants in only if they join the military . 
  then we can send them to attack turkey . 
  no , no , this is different . 
  we just want this one city . 
  they can keep all the asian parts . 
   as for expenses , if i am not mistaken the refugees pay for their own tickets , but i could be wrong . 
  i thought they were heavily subsidized ? 
  like you or i would pay 30 euro and they 'll only pay 5 . 
  trade you it for eastern thrace . 
  yes , that includes constantinople . 
   let 's say turkey made that area a military zone and you ca n't sail without permits , do you think it will make any difference in the overall situation ? 
  the only way this will make any difference is if all of turkey 's coast on the aegean is blocked . 
  otherwise they 'll just go somewhere else . 
  it 's a tough spot to be in . 
  and when the coast is blocked they 'll just move up and pass through thrace . 
   in the u.s. alone , will this actually be an issue anywhere else ? 
  afaik yes , they lied , but they only lied so they could pass california emissions which are among the , if not the , strictest in the world . 
  if they can pass everywhere else will those other countries fine them ? 
  with that said , the fact that they put their whole company on the line just to pass california emissions is even more stupid than i could ever hope to explain in words . 
  i like it , it 's a great car . 
  much better value than most of the other options in this price range and a well built car with good power and great consumption . 
  but fuck vw for doing this . 
  they need to be made an example of . 
   50,400 from greece so the migrants from lesbos and kos , then ? 
  these 50k migrants who are going to make it to the rest of europe anyway are now being forced to go to certain countries they do n't want to go to from which they 'll flee within days . 
  we already have another 50-60k at the land border and on other islands . 
  and with 4-5k more coming per day we 'll still be overrun , it 'll just take 10 days longer ... 
  this is stupid and it was only done to make it seem like these ministers are doing something when in reality they 're just playing with themselves . 
  this seriously accomplishes nothing except to fragment opinion on the `` union '' further . 
   what are we supposed to feed them ? 
  ~ ~ feta ~ ~ white cheese, 
  we 've been in the same spot for nearing on 4,000 years . 
  does that count ?!, 
  and the majority of peoples that inhabit europe came as tribes from scandinavia , so that 's close enough !, 
  i was going off the page [ linked in the sticky ] ( http://ekloges.ypes.gr/current/v/public/index.html?lang=en#%7b%22cls%22:%22level%22,%22params%22:%7b%22level%22:%22dhm%22,%22id%22:9284%7d%7d ) which i 've only just realized is for one administrative region . 
  6.99 % is the final figure , as you said . 
   but they were completely stomped . 
  they ended up getting 10 % which is nothing to scoff at . 
  so who would you rather have ? 
  someone i knew a few years ago was very good friends with him and i can promise you everything i 've heard about tsipra pales in comparison . 
  meimarakis is one of the good old boys from nd history he 's nothing new and special . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm not in love with tsipra or syriza but i can at least be thankful that they 're doing * something * when their predecessors would just waste time and bullshit their way through their time in government . 
   if gd had become first or something else wacky , this thread would be quite different . 
  but gd at 10.5 % is still massive . 
  i called at least 10 % for them once the news about tsipras stepping down broke and no one believed me . 
  `` 8 % at the most , '' they said . 
  but here we are . 
  i do n't really mind it since i know they wo n't really do anything but once things start going south with the migrants the international press will have a field day . 
  `` 10 % of greeks are neo nazis ! '', 
  will be a headline we 'll be seeing sooner rather than later . 
  no , that 's what i 'd heard and was asking . 
  a quick google search shows that tesla uses a shitload of panasonic 18650 batteries for their battery packs , but that 's it . 
  all they have to do is scare everyone tomorrow with spooky stories about migrants and we may see them hit 9 % . 
  i do n't think they 'll be far from that already . 
  i vote we elect ivan savvidis as pm . 
  guaranteed to pay off all debts within three years or your money back !, 
  her left titty is confusing me, 
  are n't all their `` innovations '' just panasonic ip repackaged ? 
  the more i read about greece in the decade following the junta 's fall the more upset i get at people who tell me they ca n't believe this is happening and this is so surprising . 
  no , it 's fucking not . 
  this country has been a corrupt free-for-all for decades . 
  it 's amazing it took this long for the whole thing to come tumbling down . 
  and the worst part is it 's not going away . 
  everywhere it 's fucking visma . 
  those with visma can still make it even with everything as it is now and those without are fucked . 
  muslims staying in countries that used to be part of the ottoman empire will have a very rude awakening when they see the ugly side of europe . 
  greeks have always been very wary of muslims . 
  with the migrants making total asses of themselves the people are turning against helping them . 
  the right-wing parties are already seeing a boost , and golden dawn has something like 11 % of the vote now ( which i think is their highest ever ) . 
  it will only get higher . 
  we 're one incident away from 20 % of greece voting for neo-fascists . 
  is n't his grand ? 
   there was the genuine need to take some pressure off greece and italy when we said we wo n't send them back . 
  now there have been a few eu meetings about refugees and they probably have a general idea how to handle the crisis , so they can continue enforcing laws hahahah oh my god - this comment is amazing !, 
  what a way to whitewash a major issue . 
  `` what we said was said because we were helping greece and italy for the short term . 
  within a couple meetings they 've learned how to managed an unprecedented migrant crisis so now they 're good to go . '', 
  sorry , mate , but this is absolute bs . 
  we do n't have a general idea of how to handle the crisis . 
  at all . 
  and even if we did we do n't have the money . 
  we 're completely and utterly fucked . 
  your country had their arms wide open expecting a tens of thousands of migrants , not hundreds of thousands . 
  when you finally woke up from your utopian dream to see the reality you decided to drop everything on greece . 
  the agreements in place were always going to favor the central and northern european countries , so i ca n't say i 'm surprised that you 're dropping it all on us . 
  11m in the us out of 350m is n't much . 
  there are a lot more than 11m in europe . 
  the 11m you 're talking about are n't coming in per year , while 800,000 is only germany 's estimate for this year ( which has apparently increased to 1 million plus , about 300k expected from eastern europe ) . 
  there have been over 300,000 people that have already passed through greece so far this year alone .
