  what western or northern european government will refuse refugee status to someone who says `` i 'm fleeing the war in syria and , unfortunately , i lost my papers somewhere along my torturous journey ... '', 
  hungary is n't safe !, 
  quick , all hungarians flee to the uk !, 
  send us a half dozen more , for free !, 
  we 'll put them to good use !, 
   greece satisfies that requirement . 
  no no no , we 're currently having a , um , class war . 
  please help these migrants that feel unsafe in our country . 
  cross , or close ? 
  brilliant idea . 
  eastern thrace , here we come !, 
  and this time we 'll know where to stop . 
  land wars in asia have n't exactly gone well for us recently . 
  then skopje will do the same thing , and we 'll be left with all of them . 
  we ca n't clean up the islands , it 's just not possible . 
  we ca n't close our borders . 
  we 're so fucked . 
  counterpoint , though - they 're actually forced to integrate . 
  they now have to be productive members of society and learn the language . 
  they ca n't just get lost in the bureaucratic shuffle of large cities , they ca n't start muslim-only schools and they ca n't try and enforce sharia in their insulated communities . 
  while i 'm sure it will be very hard for them at first it will end up better for the country as a whole . 
  the children will surely grow up much more invested in their new country when they 're forced to learn the language and go to a school full of local kids that they 've grown up with . 
  they 'll have similar aspirations to their new friends , and they 'll really earn their place in society . 
   they should 've beefed up the borders and deported the shit out of the immigrants . 
  easier said than done . 
  please tell me how we can beef up the thousands of islands we have ? 
  how italy and spain can beef up their massive coastlines ? 
  this is n't something we can do alone . 
  we need help . 
  we do n't want them coming into greece but we just ca n't stop them . 
  we 've been failing at it for many years now . 
  it 's only now that western and northern europe are seeing what is happening . 
   as a gesture of gratitude , they went on an instant hunger strike . 
  and they demanded to be sent back to malmo , right ? 
  that the town they were sent to was n't good enough ? 
  alright . 
  i 'll start , you can pick up halfway through on friday . 
  i feel that we 've sold ourselves short . 
  like typical , lazy greeks we cut it down from its original length of 158 stanzas to just 2 just so we can leave official events early to go drink coffee in the square . 
  i , personally , am standing up to this travesty . 
  i sing all 158 stanzas every time i heard the anthem . 
   and some other countries . 
  some other countries are actually having issues already and it 's clear it will only get worse . 
   for a terror organisation like isis it 's much easier to fake some papers and fly into germany with an airplane than taking the long road throgh the other european states and apply for asylum . '', 
  i think the issue is n't with people that are * already * jihadis , but those that will turn to it after they get increasingly more radicalized in their insulated communities . 
  look at second and third generation jihadis from marseilles , london , copenhagen , and munich that have gone back to the middle east to fight for isis . 
  it 's only a matter of time before isis , or whoever replaces them , decides that europe should be their focus . 
  if isis ever manages to carve themselves a stable state then they 'll turn their attention to europe , surely . 
  we already know they have thousands of people across the continent ready and willing to travel and fight for them there - it does n't take a wild imagination to see even more people willing to fight for them in their new , adopted homes . 
  nothing wrong with albania . 
  most of those albanians making it to sweden , denmark , and finland are leaving greece because of the crisis . 
  i used to have a lot of albanian buddies in my town . 
  they 're almost all gone , now , except for a few with good , steady jobs . 
  almost all of them went to sweden , with a couple to finland . 
  oh , yeah , of course . 
  those isis guys are n't doing anything at all . 
  they 're just peacefully coexisting with the other factions in syria . 
  and eastern thrace used to be almost all greeks , now there are none . 
  the population exchange moved so many greeks out of eastern thrace and so few turks back that every village and town have many abandoned houses . 
  it sucks , and it 's unfortunate that we all got caught up in this . 
  the people that now live in my families ' villages are some of the nicest people i 've ever met . 
  they have absolutely nothing but are willing to do anything to make us feel welcome . 
  james blunt - the hero of the balkans . 
  originally the issue had to do with the irredentist claims - tito wanted northern greece . 
  he wanted my city , thessaloniki , so he could have a southern port . 
  while the real claims may be gone skopjans have grown up thinking greek macedonia is their birthright , and that the people in greek macedonia are being oppressed by the greek state ( which is n't true in the slightest ) . 
  for me not really . 
  i 'm macedonian , and it 's not the land of my people . 
  does that make sense ? 
  i would personally have no qualms with a regional qualifier at all but , and from many comments in this thread this seems an `` outdated '' idea , i think a name giving them seemingly sole `` ownership '' of the macedonian identity is unfair . 
  some 85 % of the region is in greece , though . 
  which is why northern macedonia would be much more appropriate . 
  so much of their national identity is wrapped up in ancient macedonia . 
  there are statues of alexander and philip everywhere , with streets and airports named after them as well . 
  imagine if kaliningrad broke off from russia and named themselves warmian-masurian , and said one of your countries biggest national heroes is actually from there ( when all evidence points to the contrary ) . 
  at best , it 's frustrating . 
  at worst , it 's irredentist . 
  if they dropped claims to greek macedonia then why do their politicians still speak in front of maps showing half of northern greece as part of greater macedonia , and why do they place their flag on top of mount olympus ? 
  let 's just glass everywhere there is someone named muhammed , just to be safe . 
  yes , i mean everywhere . 
  those are five beautiful ships you 've got there, 
  those damn immigrants, 
  one on island and in western thrace , near the border with turkey . 
  the reason i mention the border with turkey in thrace is because that 's a massive area for drugs smuggling ( especially heroin ) . 
  a few camps at that border that is now basically vacant and you 'll hopefully have an impact on the drug trade as well . 
  we invented it , we can handle it, 
  why ? 
  it floats . 
  that 's all you need a ship to do for it to be a good ship . 
  no , our cities went underwater when our loans did . 
  it 's an obvious joke , and a pretty funny one . 
  no need to get upset and insult people . 
  one of the issues is how we 're all looking at how much debt greece has . 
  we 're looking at it like it 'll all come due at once and it wo n't . 
  these are long term loans . 
  if greece can pay back the installments things should be okay . 
  to help greece pay the installments the terms should be renegotiated to a level where greece will pay . 
  all parties lose of greece goes bankrupt . 
  uhh ... germany has such healthy industry now in part because the ailing euro countries are keeping the euro down . 
  germany is killing it with their exports .
