  there are 100,000 migrants on the greek islands and in western thrace . 
  the us does n't face anything of this sort at all . 
  the us also is n't in the midst of a crisis . 
  europe is , and europe does n't have much money . 
  the immigrants into the us are , at least , working their asses off to make a new life in their new country . 
  the immigrants in europe have n't shown what they 're doing just yet , but many of the ones that have come from the same regions in the past just want to hang around and collect their nice government money to not work . 
  in the us , afaik , the illegals that come in either work or do n't have any money at all . 
  also , the us 's unemployment is very , very low . 
  it 's much higher in eastern europe , which these migrants are all passing through . 
  greece has something like 50 % youth unemployment and 25 % total unemployment . 
  those migrants that come to greece to work are taking food out of greek 's mouths ( most greeks nowadays will work for very low wages anyway ) and inviting them in with open arms would only mean that the situation gets worse for greeks who are n't willing to like 10 people to an apt like the pakistanis have show they 'll do . 
  the type of migrant in the us is totally different . 
  the amount is also totally different . 
  it 's not simply 11m vs 800k - that 's the total estimated amount currently in the us vs the estimated amount to come into only one country for only one year . 
  hahah , i like this . 
  germany is sure they can bring migrants in and integrate them as contributing members of society so what do we do ? 
  send them all our gypsies !, 
  lol deporting gypsies . 
  that 's a good one . 
  gypsies do n't go anywhere they do n't want to . 
  we 've bulldozed their `` towns '' and seized their trucks but they do n't care . 
  they keep doing whatever they want . 
  i can admire them for that , at least . 
  no one tells them what to do . 
   spruedelwasser he ordered some water and got mit gas . 
  was very upset , and this is the result . 
  i almost did the same the first time i went to germany . 
  i thought that ended up just being money that was given to frontex to reinforce the greek border ? 
  afaik the eu has n't sent us anything , but i could definitely be wrong . 
  i 'm with you . 
  i know many , many greeks are . 
  you 're doing what we ca n't . 
  our politicians will never say anything , though , because they 're all spineless populist bastards . 
  germany and sweden sank us ( and we thought it could n't get worse ) . 
  agreed . 
  a map showing just the islands would be great , too . 
  we have plenty of big ships that can make trans-atlantic crossings . 
  please have obama send me a letter certified mail and i can begin the transport process . 
   they want to a better life and the german and swedish tax payer have to pay for that . 
  yeah , well , they wo n't have much of a life in greece . 
  and i 'd really prefer if you * did n't * try and shift all of them onto us . 
  we can barely afford to process them and help them transit through greece , we can not afford to house them for any period of time ... 
   tens of thousands of people have died in that conflict over decades . 
  the stuff in the last week are just skirmishes . 
  the worry , though , is that it could get much bigger and then send turkish and kurdish refugees into europe , too ... 
  the rest of europe is worried about hungary building a fence or how best to get these migrants spread out effectively so there are n't too many in one city at a time . 
  meanwhile in greece these migrants are overrunning the islands , making life for the locals a living hell , and rioting when they do n't get their way . 
  then , when they finally get off the boat in thessaloniki or kavala , they go * shopping * and expect the greek government to pay their way to the border with skopje . 
  and get upset when the greek government says they ca n't . 
  if this keeps up greece will be in a lot of trouble . 
  most of those syrian males are actually coming into europe - to germany , denmark , or sweden , say , - and hoping to get settled before they bring their family . 
  this way their host country has to pay to bring the rest of the family over and the family does n't have to endure the long , hard , and dangerous road . 
  i 've heard the opposite . 
  do n't worry !, 
  if it is n't the migrants they 're using it 'll surely be us once the migrants end up stuck in greece and we fall apart even more . 
  we 've got over a million unemployed that would gladly work those jobs . 
   i 'll have to say that this post is still factually inaccurate . 
  many of those people do n't need any help from europe . 
  how ? 
  where did i say all of these people will need europe 's help ? 
  i did n't say every single one of those people will need europe 's help . 
  he listed a population estimate , i did a little more research . 
  you 're arguing against a point i never made , for some reason , and continue posting about it . 
  dammit , we ca n't win * anything * anymore ... 
   it should be greece job to turn the boats away but we know the story uh ... what story ? 
  do you think we even want them ? 
  we 're not going to let them drown , though ( they overturn their boats and send out sos signals ) . 
  there 's so much sea to patrol and so many islands that it 's nearly an impossible task for greece alone . 
   and if kurds attack turks in europe , they should face justice as well . 
  yes . 
  * european * justice . 
  you know , since they live in europe . 
  not backwoods turkish or kurdish justice . 
  yes , but not all kurds are pkk ... 
  no one 's disagreeing with that assumption , or saying that we 'll ever be able to reduce the amount of migrants to 0 ( as i said in my previous comment to you ) . 
  the goal is to improve these countries so instead of tens or hundreds or thousands of people coming per year it 's only in the thousands . 
  besides , it 's better for the entire world to improve these countries rather than to wall shut the edges of europe ( which would be impossible , anyway , unless europe managed to control several miles of the coast line around the southern and eastern parts of the mediterranean ) or hope that the millions of migrants can be integrated peacefully and effectively . 
  you really like misinterpreting comments , do n't you ? 
  reading between the lines a bit much , are n't we ? 
  we 're not talking about giving them western standards of living and reducing migrants to 0 . 
  we 're talking about a stable government that reduces the number of migrants . 
  improving these countries to a livable standard is n't unrealistic at all . 
  or , welcoming those 1000 into your home . 
  the first 10 make themselves useful . 
  there 's nothing for the next 90 to do to help but it 's fine because the 101 of you ( 100 homeless and you ) have enough space and resources to survive comfortably enough . 
  the next 150 start to strain the resources . 
  by the time the next 250 ( 501 people total ) have come , you 're out of space and out of food . 
  the next 500 pile in and find there 's nothing left ... 
  throwing money to a country rarely solves the problem unless the country already knows what they need to fix . 
  and , even then , it can all be squandered if the money is n't channeled where it 's needed . 
  throwing money to africa is very , very different from throwing money to a germany that already knows what they need to do and a south korea that 's having their hand held by the usa . 
  do n't forget that germany and sk were relatively homogeneous when they were being given money and advice from the usa . 
  african ( and middle eastern , central asian ) countries get money from the usa and it 's often diverted to the group in power who then uses it to further oppress their tribal/cultural/religious enemies . 
  honestly in most of these countries , which were so arbitrarily split up by europeans a century or more ago , the best solution for long-term peace may just be splitting the countries up further into smaller , more manageable populations that are more homogeneous thus making them easier to control . 
  first order of business in africa is , imo , political stability - and then we can work on improving the people 's lives . 
  it 's nowhere near as significant as what 's coming through the islands , but it 's been one of the main routes into europe for a while now . 
  the paths merge around serres or kilkis . 
  serres because a lot of the people coming from the islands come through kavala , and kilkis because the people that came into greece by land or landed in kavala meet those who landed in thessaloniki or athens . 
  the route through kilkis to skopje took only a few thousand migrants around 5 years ago , but some 50,000 last year . 
  and this year it will probably be three or four times that , on the low end .
