how is that working out for you ? 
  the issue is that all benefits will disappear when their culture takes over ( something they would like to happen ) . 
  in the world cup ? 
  dutch * football * fans ? 
  highly doubt that . 
  no , so far they only send a letter , no fine yet . . ( and i was driving someone else 's car ), 
  when they took my photo in belgium doing 157 , they send me a letter that i should have been going 120 . 
  born and raised in amsterdam , there is your problem , 
  are you dutch and living in the netherlands ? 
   for some reason half the country hates amsterdam and wishes for it to be returned to the sea . 
  oh come on , you know the reason ( s ! ), 
  pretty sure that tourists are ripped off everywhere . 
  that 's because we do n't speak real dutch when foreigners are around . 
  wow , one simple question and you answer with : ` you moron ' and ` stop being ignorant ' . 
  you must be a very cool guy , too cool for me at least . 
  and by the way , ` we ' dutch have something called ` inburgeringscursus ' , where immigrants learn about the language and country . 
  available in their native tongue . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  do you want them to start shooting ? 
  for me it was belarus . 
  landing on the airport , seeing the soviet style soldiers , them not letting me in the country as i did n't have health insurance ( i have world wide travel insurance , but this did n't apply ) yet . 
  thought it was going to cost me a lot . 
  turned out it cost about 2 euro . 
  i 've never been to greece , but in brazil they also do n't flush toilet paper . 
  strangely ( but luckily ) it did n't smell at all . 
  tell us you do n't speak english but * any other language * and most will speak dutch to you . 
  the uk independence party think they will all go to the uk . 
  according to some dutch politicians this is completely wrong and they will all come to the netherlands . 
  really enjoyed the :  and all your arguments that the american decimal system is better wo n't convince them, 
  they eat fried pig ear ( and it 's pretty good to be honoust ), 
  heh - i * thought * the bible belt skipped the holland provinces , just looked it up and saw i was wrong . 
  in the south holland province there is a part of ` our ' bible belt . 
  if you only count the holland provinces , we would be # 1 . 
  heh , after i fell through and called for help i encountered some friese doorlopers and had to save myself ( [ dirkjan ] ( http://assets.catawiki.nl/assets/2012/12/6/2/6/e/26e7b860-21d3-0130-a9e2-005056960004.jpg ) ) edit : added link, 
  do you mean the part where i say that the cows are better looking then the girls in friesland ? 
  majority rule do n't work in mental institution ( nofx ), 
  no , because they know that they are on the receiving side of europe . 
  question is : are the german/dutch/scandinavians nuts ? 
  aaaaaannnnddd the video is now blocked due to copyright claims from berlusconi 's television channel . 
  let me rephrase : if you want to work in international politics , you should be able to speak some foreign languages on a basic level . 
  the questions asked were n't to difficult to unserstand . 
  heck , i do n't work in international politics and i 'm pretty sure i would understand the questions in about 5 different languages . 
  good thing we have money enou ... 
  damn . 
  so ... we are arguing humor now ? 
  if you do n't like it do n't read it . 
  while i do n't agree with lots of their opinions , i do think they bring it in a funny sarcastic way . 
  agreed , shitty system . 
  however , if you claim to represent the pyblic you should n't be stealing from them , that is ehat he ( and others ) are doing . 
  should n't be , unfortunately it is . . 
  sorry , wrote it wrong . 
  this guy only came to sign his name , making sure he would receive the 300euros extra ( for not doing what he is supposed to ), 
  do n't worry , you are not the only one , 
   in a language where the mep would be comfortable to communicate in i 'm pretty sure that all mep 's should speak and understand english . 
  the reporter did n't use any big words hard to understand for a non native speaker ( which the reporter is n't either ) . 
  if you work in the public field you should be resistant against journalists . 
  rest of your comment i agree with , 
  the 300 euro pay is on top of their regular paycheck . 
  they receive it for coming into the eu meetings , not for not signing their name . 
  if they are in ( other ) meetings all day long , they do not deserve this 300 euro . 
  this guy is not the only one who does it . 
  the video is made by geenstijl.tv together with a dutch member of the eu parliament who annoys himself green and yellow ( sorry , could n't resist using this dutch saying  ) of these practices of his co-workers . 
  thanks, 
  thanks, 
  here you go - as you can see he enters the elevator and then presses the button to go down . 
  - so he 's on his way to the drivers in order to go home . 
  - well daniel it was a rough day . 
  - it was a long day and i hope you 've learned a lot about what happens here in the ep . 
  - let 's have some beer . 
  well you have some and i 'll have a lot , but that 's because i 'm german . 
  - and i assume europe will pay for this right ? 
  - sure . 
  any italian speaker who can translate what raffaele baldassarre is saying ? 
  thanks , i thought the victims were the 298 people who died . 
  guess i was wrong . 
  so , yes or no ? 
   they 're promoting it as a referendum on the eu in general . 
  i never read anything on geenstijl.nl with regards to it being about the association agreement with ukraine . 
  so you are saying you do n't read geenstijl.nl , in pretty much every topic they write about this ( and there are many ) they mention the aa with ukraine . 
  how is ukraine the victim in the mh17 disaster ? 
  `` asian led prostitution ring '', 
  i do n't know how it is in other countries , but if i do n't renew the contract the policy and price remains the same . 
  * partially true . 
  no mention of any dead cop ( s ), 
  for volkskrant it is . 
  i do n't enjoy either , but if they make me watch a game i 'd choose regular football . 
  american football has too many pauses ( aka advertisment space ) for me to handle . 
  so is a pineapple . 
  it is in the netherlands , we 're trying to get limburg to join belgium ( ok not really , but the sentiment can be found in the provinces above the rivers  ), 
  http://fof.se/tidning/2015/5/artikel/darfor-okar-de-kriminella-gangens-makt why do n't you read for yourself . 
  read the title , knew verene shepherd had something to do with this . 
  yes i am , mainly because we live in between usa and russia . 
  with clinton it would have taken only one ( fake ? ), 
  cyberattack for us to be fucked . 
  was replying to :  a ban on the wearing in public places of garments concealing entirely or partially the face . 
  but thanks for assuming the worst . 
  so , no helmets while riding motorcycles ? 
  it 's like asking americans if they live in the greatest country on earth . 
  yes , without the internet there would n't have been any terror attack ever . 
  yes , do n't let merkel turn us into a second grade usa .
