uk ( live ) ireland france netherlands germany portugal italy switzerland austria hungary romania norway poland canada australia india so 16 , ( not counting stopovers , constituent countries of the uk and the vatican . ), 
  liked least : australia . 
  great country but culturally it 's mid way between us and the americans , so personally i got a bit of reverse culture shock , everything a bit too familiar . 
  though conversely i really enjoyed canada and found both its cities and wilderness a lot more interesting . 
  liked most : austria , india , romania , canada . 
  i found them fairly often in devon hedgerows . 
  i think they are widespread , if not particularly common , if that makes sense . 
  on hearing i 'm british , with no other context , ask if i 'm from london . 
  talk in very americanised english ( unless north american ) . 
  i know this one should n't bother me , sorry . 
  in the uk ex colonies were classified as `` old commonwealth '' ie white , and `` new commonwealth '' ie non white . 
  the old commonwealth , australia , new zealand , canada , and i 'd add anglo south africans , have generally been very close diplomatically , and culturally their citizens usually fit right in to any uk social group as if they were n't foreign . 
  going back 10 -20 years australians and new zealanders ( less so canadians ) often had a chip on their shoulder with regard to the uk , often to the point of mild anglophobia , in desperation to prove they were different and better than the `` poms '' ( english ) . 
  in the past few years i think these countries have grown up though , and have less need to broadcast their difference as the uk has relatively declined . 
  as for the `` new commonwealth '' there are dozens of different answers depending on the country . 
  generally we are lucky to have reasonable relations with most , i can only think of zimbabwe where the relationship is particularly hostile . 
  i think a lot of older britons still have a deluded idea of how fondly the empire is remembered however . 
  - very expensive housing , and despite this often of dubious quality . 
  - no real wilderness - too london centric - no skiing, 
  apart from cuisine , which has become a bit of a clich\u00e9 , i do n't think south asian culture has changed english culture much , except on very localised level . 
  most people are pretty ignorant of it . 
  being the larger entity english culture is harder to define , than welsh or scots , but this does n't mean it has changed more necessarily . 
  there was a bad choice of leaders imho and there was no realistic outcome that would have made me completely happy . 
  i was hoping for a big increase in libdem seats ( not just for being anti-brexit , i support them anyway ) , and a strong showing for unionist parties in scotland of whatever party . 
  i also did n't want labour to get a majority , or the tories to increase their share after such a patronising and uninspiring campaign . 
  tbh most of theses things have happened , although the libdems only made small gains , though it may be stupid to wish for chaos ... 
  japan seem to be trying to ride the whole thing out , which is not without drawbacks , and certainly leads to more sluggish gdp growth , though in terms of quality of life are they any worse off for having lower immigration ? 
  in the uk we certainly appear to need immigrants as carers for the elderly , but i think the whole argument that the younger generation is too small to support the boomer generation has been used as an excuse to have as open a labour market as possible to drive down wages in the service sector and given the whole economy something of a pyramid scheme feel to it . 
  ( this is pre-brexit of course , which i am against for other reasons ) . 
  the elephant in the room is that those workers we use to prop up our demographic pyramid often come from countries with far lower birth rates than the uk , so is a pretty selfish thing to encourage , something left wing supporters of immigration seldom acknowledge . 
  on the cultural side , i see globalisation/commercialisation as a far greater threat to culture than immigrants per se , though the two are linked to some extent . 
  do you mean the style where the presenter and the `` journey '' becomes the main focus ? 
  i ca n't stand that in nature docs . 
  it 's not just nature where the bbc shines though , if anything their science and history output is what sets them apart for me . 
  i think british nature/science/history documentaries are on a different level to us ones , due to the bbc ( docs from other british channels can be pretty dumbed down ) . 
  one of the main reasons i am so in favour of the licence fee . 
  i 'd be happy to be proved wrong , maybe i 've been unlucky , but us documentaries from the likes of national geographic i have found to be incredibly mickey mouse . 
  on the other hand the us is far better at `` box set '' programmes precisely because they do n't treat the viewers like idiots . 
  edit i do n't think i read the title fully - you asked us about popularity as well as what we think . 
  in tv we are less americanised than in other media . 
  the overwhelming majority of top rated shows are british [ link ] ( http://www.barb.co.uk/viewing-data/weekly-top-30/ ) these figures are fairly typical , the top rated programmes are usually in the region of 9 million , the only us show rated over a million is a new episode of the big bang theory . 
  indian restaurants are run by bangladeshis ( seldom indians ) . 
  small corner shops are run by indians , often families that fled uganda , who if iirc are largely gujarati . 
  taxi firms are run by pakistanis . 
   i do n't think that i could be friends with a religious christian to be honest , since i do n't think we would have much in common ... i have quite a few muslim friends who attend mosque sometimes though are your friends are more `` cultural '' muslims ? 
  if not it seems rather contradictory , both are abrahamic religions , if you object to one as a non-religious person i ca n't see how the other would be palatable , particularly as islam is generally the more doctrinaire in a european context . 
  the cluster of museums around the viking ship museum is well worth it , apart from that i agree . 
  though it 's a pleasant enough city , it cant be helped it will never have quite the same buzz as larger european capitals . 
  you make strong points . 
  the annoyance comes from the fact that in general americans are still more likely to assume knowledge of their domestic set up , even compared to people from the other large countries you mentioned . 
  i got talking to a guy from india once , who knew i had visited his country , on asking where he was from he just said india , when pushed said north india , then vaguely `` not that far from delhi '' it was a real struggle to find out what state he was from . 
  all anecdotal of course , but compare that to americans who frequently ( out of habit obviously ) not only just mention their state , but sometimes just the two letter abbreviation of it , which , even despite america 's cultural power , usually means sod all to international ears . 
  reported tv ratings for sporting events are routinely massively exaggerated by the media , and are little better than regurgitated press releases . 
  where i live in the english south midlands no one would confuse rugby with being a minor sport , i would say it matches football for popularity , even in participation . 
  tbf if you ask whether rugby is popular you will get a very different answer in east london or liverpool than you would in cornwall or small town worcestershire . 
  in romania , hiking in the mountains , walked about 10 miles in summer heat to a hostel clearly marked on the map , but when we got there we found the hostel had been abandoned for many years , had more or less collapsed , and was unsafe to even enter . 
  we had no tent so were pretty stuffed . 
  walked on to a shepherd 's house to see if they could help us , got within a few hundred meters and they set their dogs on us . 
  anyone in the region will tell you these can be truly vicious animals , there was a terryfying retreat out of their territory , hurling rocks as we went as i feared for my life . 
  retraced our steps back to a lumberjacks house , they were awesome and fed us and put us up for the night , then gave us a lift to civilisation the next day . 
  no money was asked for but plenty was given in gratitude !, 
  great country , will return !, 
  the conservatives have done well to capture a lot of that hindu and sikh vote , groups that used to be solid labour only a few electoral cycles ago . 
  i 'm not a conservative myself myself , but i 'm glad the main right wing party is not a whites only affair and there is competiton for minority votes . 
  i would have thought tory strategists who look long term would be very happy with this . 
   i want scotland to be independant so we can resume our alliance against the king of england and invade them from the north and the south at the same time just like old time . 
  at last the truth !, 
  i respect this opinion a lot more than that of some keyboard warrior in czechoslovmania who supports scots independence because they thought braveheart was cool . 
  you think the london parliament acts for manchester or newcastle any more than scotland ? 
  i would imagine most of the snp leadership are at heart republicans , but they do n't want to risk alienating voters when they do n't have to . 
  the monarchy is no more english than scottish . 
  in fact like the rest of the british aristocracy it has close links with scotland . 
   the celtic culture of wales is non-existent . 
  while i agree that the celtic union is a stupid idea , arguably wales is the only country with a genuine sustainable celtic culture through its language . 
  i agree , the uk/france having similiar populations/wealth and historical trajectories make perfect rivals . 
  i 'm glad some french think the same !, 
  many brits say we are most similiar to the germans , if pushed to name a country that side of the channel , but personally i find france easier to understand as a nation , there are so many parallels between the two countries . 
  i would say france is possibly the only country that has unambiguously influenced us more than the other way around . 
  ( sorry if that sounds arrogant , possibly italy as well if you consider the roman and catholic legacy ) . 
  some british journalists do it , so i certainly ca n't hate the us for it . 
  then again many british journalists have a fawning obsession with us politics , and it does n't take a week of covering us politics before they 're dropping americanisms all over the place . 
  this has provoked a surprisingly anti-skyscraper view , i do n't think there is a right or wrong answer , but personally from a british perspective , i would like to see a few more of them . 
  after wwii the historic cores of war damaged british cities were not comprehensively reconstructed as before , like in germany or poland , nor did they avoid significant damage , like paris . 
  they were redesigned , with 20th century , often brutalist architecture , and with a virulently pro-car agenda . 
  i do n't criticise planners trying to look into the future like this , but it turns out they were on the wrong side of history in terms of style , public transport and city livability . 
  in addition regional british cities never emphasized 4-6 storey boulevards or apartment blocks like continental europe , apart from scotland for some reason , so were slightly less statuesque and impressive to start with . 
  for these reasons english cities have been left with an inconsistent style , interesting in itself , but not necessarily ruined by highrises , which in a densely populated country are in my view not unwelcome . 
  i 'm actually glad manchester for example has a lot more high rises planned , as long as it does n't mess with the bits of the victorian core that are left , which it does n't seem to . 
  i agree with those who say one or two skyscrapers look a bit shit , and do n't think cities under a million or so should have them , but when you go all in like rotterdam has i like it . 
  charles . 
  it would seem bizarre to miss out the only family member with a brain cell . 
  the other royals seem to have fairly generic upper class and charity interests , at least charles has branched out a bit , with the green agenda and architecture ( though i generally disagree with his views on the latter , at least he has an opinion ) . 
  he 'll need to be told to rein in his interfering , but i 'm not sure what he has done wrong apart from have an imperfect marriage . 
   we do n't get offended when people think we are english , but we often find a different attitude when they discover we are irish . 
  a sort of `` ah , you irish . 
  that 's alright then . 
  we thought you were english '' response . 
  you 've been clever there !, 
  `` look , i do n't think you 're twats , but the rest of the world ... sorry guys '', 
  depends how measured ; tv viewers , live attendance , people following general media coverage .
