that explains a lot about their notions . 
  `` they say it 's bad , must have fat '' . 
  i never drink coke and i know it has 139kcal in 330ml , so . . about 139/4 = 34,75 g of sugar . 
  two years ago me and some friends of mine changed all the signs with our village name . 
  it was an expensive prank and we had to bribe the guy the makes the original plates/road signs ( 75 $ / plate ) . 
  one night , we basically changed the village name . 
  during one week , nobody understood what was happening . 
  in the end , the official entities took the signs down and apologized for the mistake . 
  `` i think i 'll never quit smoking . '', 
  true story . 
  tl ; dr : it consultant/prostitute . 
  in portugal i 've never seen any . 
  i once had a friend who killed a cat with an air gun . 
  i * had * a friend . 
  armpit hair . . is that a thing in the us ? 
  or just another show of their laziness ? 
  a parrot is 1/4 the size . . this is a macaw . 
  yesterday was the first time i witnessed someone ( and it was a foreigner hambeast ) get stuck trying to use the escalators . 
  too good . 
  you guys probably wo n't recognize `` amorim '' from portugal . 
  it 's the world leader in the cork industry : http://www.amorim.com/en/, 
  ** it translates to `` who does n't cry , does n't suckle '' . 
  and it 's used to explain that it does n't hurt to try . 
  ribs !, 
  it reminds me of sunday lunch with my family , with a hangover . 
  muesli or granola + some raw nuts + goji + fresh raspberries with soy milk . 
  i woke up too late just to realize that there was no soy milk for my holy breakfast . 
  went to the supermarket and they only had `` white brand '' soy milk ( i like alpro ) . . bought it . 
  drove home , looked at the clock . . fuck this . 
  came to work pissed off . 
  spoken portuguese ( pt-pt ) is a world apart from spoken pt-br . 
  lusotropicalism : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lusotropicalism, 
  it 's the portuguese flag !, 
  because it was the day i was born . 
  yeah , that 7 . 
  de los algarves ?? 
  how that fuck can that be on the official title . 
  we are independent !, 
  i see , algarve was claimed by the portuguese some centuries ago too . 
  if portugal had a king , both would say `` king of the algarves '' . 
  lord of the fattening kingdoms, 
  tea is horrible . 
  fuck , i 'm blind now . 
  as a portuguese i 'm really happy to read this comment . 
  my grand parents used to grow chickens , rabbits , pigs , and cows . 
  due to the old age they only grow chickens nowadays , but after all the interaction i 've had with animals the respect i have for them is really different from someone who only saw them as food . 
  30 + years ago meat was expensive and the cheapest way was to raise the animals . 
  our diet was mostly vegetables ( or soups ) and fresh fish ( we live near shore ) . 
  once a week ( at weekends mostly ) one animal would be killed for the family launch . 
  i confirm that portuguese rally fans are nuts !, 
  and portugal 's rally ( wrc ) is going to the north again next year , expect crazy stuff to happen . 
  mutations would be enough to have a great influential level on simple prokaryote cells . 
  the smiles . . because they have to `` show '' they are happy even when rotting inside . 
  damn , now i 'm even more salty we did n't play when you came to the algarve . 
  the problem was that you went to the chat instead of posting it in the forum . 
  when i discovered it was too late . . there 's no actual scene here , only me and . . myself . 
  i work with a public institution in portugal , all my contracts and the value per hour are public ( published for everyone to search/see if they want ) . 
  people do n't go asking around but i think it is n't a taboo . 
  also , it 's not that hard for you to know the salary if you know the job position . 
  every time this pops up on reddit it gets the reddit hug . 
  * group hug *, 
  i never use the elevator . 
  do n't tell them i had a mostly-skinny-condition once and it was horrible ( * spontaneous pneumothorax * ) . 
   tall young men are at increased risk of developing primary spontaneous pneumothorax ; researchers suggest that rapid growth of the chest during growth spurts may increase the likelihood of forming blebs . 
  and it 's genetic you shitlords . 
  and therefore . . a witch !, 
  well , there was a `` fph selfie thread '' or supposed project by a mod . 
  it was a good idea to show them we are pretty guys and girls . 
  i had an old dog ( 12 years at the time ) that got so nervous that all his muscles just stiffened and he could n't move . 
  i went to the vet and `` kid '' ( dog 's name ) got tested for several diseases . . nothing . 
  my dad though he was dying but i refused to give up ( i have another story with a `` dying dog '' that is still alive ) . 
  during one week he did n't move , i had to give him water and food inside the mouth , clean him , everything , he only moved his mouth to chew and swallow . 
  after some days he started to move the front legs and started to crawl , two weeks later , more or less , i woke up and he was running like nothing happened before . 
  he lived happily for more 3 years . 
  do n't know why but it makes me remember the aliens from sesame street !, 
  trying to use me to sell stuff in * ponzi like * schemes . 
  no , i do n't want your vacuum cleaner nor your amway shit . 
  we are friends , do n't try to use me . 
  [ when am i supposed to blossom ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqvq6buwa8e ), 
  i do n't have gold or silver , but take my upvote . 
  and if you tolerate this , then your joins will be next , will be next , will be neeeeext, 
  damn , all the shitladies are so cute . 
  the challenge accepted shirt is on point !, 
  saw your post on fph and it lead me here . 
  i 'm not disappointed !, 
  the rotation is probably the best idea . 
  she 's wondering about her family . 
  shitlord clan is a great idea , but i doubt i will find someone from my country in here . 
  never !, 
  but it is a repost . . 
  i ca n't recall if i saw it on fph or fatlogic , but that scene from in bruges was already posted some months ago . 
  i was n't saying it is n't oc . 
  only saying that i knew the scene was posted before . 
  500 calories shitlords !, 
  they need to eat more fish & chips . 
  it 's fish & vegetables , totally healthy . 
  i hope the word spreads and they kill themselves faster . 
  the title may vary i believe , i 'm a food engineer ( bsc ) and the msc can be done in food technology . 
  my thoughts exactly .
