  britain does not have 330 million citizens . 
  while it 's unfortunate that they 've chosen to target a select few , that does n't mean i 'm not grateful to them for revealing shady behaviour, 
  no , he 's saying muslims naturally blow up, 
  why is being moderate and saying moderate shit so unpopular ? 
  2015 prediction was way off, 
  oh i see , only the emotionally compromised get to decide who we go to war against , that wo n't end badly, 
  what 's going on with canada ? 
  they used to rank 1 for many years and now they 're 10 ? 
  why the / s ? 
   he is fluent in german are you sure about that ? 
  i remember when he was first elected as president of the the european council many people were saying that he is fluent in german yet to this day i could not find any prove of that so i assume he might be as fluent in german as he is in dutch , 
  so when are we kicking dutchland out of nato ? 
  you guys have really low standards for what constitutes a good leader if obama was a good president . 
  though admittedly he did face an uphill struggle with the republicans . 
   soviet union actually got bombed by nazis . 
  so obviously ussr were not nazis ? 
  there you go, 
  is winter that much warmer in ireland ? 
  if they ban sale of mount & blade 2 it would be very sad, 
  i 'm sure britain will join norway as a superpower once it rids itself of the eu, 
  [ congratulations ] ( http://blog.gentlemint.com/media/photos/colbert-slow-clap.gif ), 
  who says they are ? 
  higher percentage in your class anyway, 
  depends on your circle of friends . 
  i know extremely few who smoke it, 
  ] ( http://blacksportsonline.com/home/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/nick-young-confused-face.jpg ), 
  dude , we 're talking about very different things it seems . 
  let 's just leave it, 
  yes ... and the law was broken by her sharing the pictures . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  it doubt he meant `` sharing of all pictures '' is n't allowed , so it 's safe to assume he was talking about the only relevant pictures to the case, 
  i never said otherwise, 
  her immunity is only lifted in regards to the tweeted images . 
  the corruption case is another matter entirely and she still has immunity . 
  if you 're conscripted first and then want out , you avoid siviltjeneste as far as i 'm aware . 
  at least none of the people who dropped out during my recruit period did any of that . 
  it seems the disagreement is simply whether or not the threat is valid enough to implement conscription at this point in time . 
  i 'm not really qualified or knowledgeable enough to discuss it, 
  i 'm sure it is , but in this case it 's the unequal enforcement of the law . 
  they 're choosing to prosecute her , while ignoring many others who have committed the same crime . 
  yeah man , you 're onto us . 
  laws are not equally enforced . 
  this law qualifies , alongside the blasphemy laws some countries have . 
  when sandpaperthoughts talked about `` sharing pictures '' he was clearly talking about the beheadings . 
  you accidentally or deliberately misinterpreted him, 
  this is pathetic and will only strengthen her cause . 
   she has n't had it revoked for `` sharing pictures '' , she has had it revoked for sharing pictures dude . . 
   i do n't think the majority would agree with you at all do n't ask if you 're just going to dismiss the answer . 
  it 's better to have conscription going before the emergency arises . 
  there might be a better solution sure , but that was n't your line of arguing earlier . 
  well , we generally do trust the state over here . 
  we do a lot of things that are forced by the country/state . 
  not sure what you are trying to say exactly, 
  as far as i know there is no forced labour . 
  the people who could n't handle the basic training were just sent home . 
  if the country needed us to spend a year planting vegetables then yes , i would be for it . 
  the state already forces us to do a lot of things , conscription is no different . 
  besides it 's not actually forced , as you can get out of it pretty easily if you really wanted . 
  having been conscripted myself i can say it was a very valuable learning experience and i made friends for life . 
  the roster is generally full of volunteers though , so the people who do n't want to be there do n't actually have to . 
  you have to compromise if you 're going to unite 3 countries . 
  not being stubborn = / = giving up, 
  you can actually help this guy if you 're danish and get rid of a dumb law in the process . 
  film yourself burning the bible ( i 'd say quran , but that 's putting your life on the line ) to show how stupid this law is . 
  they ca n't prosecute you all !, 
  why is gb still on the map after 2019 !, 
  in the words of former norwegian minister of culture trond giske `` everyone who has grown up in tr\u00f8ndelag , has had karsk at some point '', 
  i got my stereotypes mixed up , karsk is tr\u00f8ndelag . 
  11 is that orange blob above number 9 for you foreigners . 
  these names though ... why not just remain with akershus for 9 ? 
  and what 's with h\u00e5logaland ? 
  sounds like a theme park for karsk enthusiasts . 
  has he said something positive that did n't contradict something else he said ? 
  no , but unless you can tie the bombings to immigration it does n't really belong here, 
  very impressive when you consider that cameras did n't exist back then so this was all hand drawn by the drone, 
  that scene stopped me from ever sleeping in the basement again . 
  pretty sure it gave me a recurring nightmare that i had up into my 20s . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d-rynpetws ^ the music is excellent . 
  groke/hufsa comes at 4:08, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yt3xbsorx0 < - loved that shit as a kid . 
  the intro is so memorable, 
  why would they need help ? 
  is there a problem with being gay ? 
  care to provide valid arguments against nuclear power over coal power ? 
  and why does the church view it as a sinful ? 
   because it due to huge campaign to protect them from other people . 
  i do n't find all it healthy . 
  i do n't understand . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  they do n't have the same rights as they are n't allowed to marry the ones they love , so it 's technically incorrect . 
  the worst kind, 
  you 're using circular reasoning here : `` gay people should n't get married because they traditionally have n't been allowed to do so . 
  and they traditionally have n't been allowed to marry because tradition dictates that they do n't marry . '', 
  if you have no real issue with homosexuality , do you think maybe it 's time to change tradition and allow them to marry each other ? 
  [ homosexuality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexual_behavior_in_animals ) is natural , so it is as normal in my country as it is in yours . 
  ca n't you answer why you think homosexual individuals should n't have the same rights as you and me ? 
  homosexuals are n't guests . 
  why would it be a problem for you that they are allowed to be married ? 
  are you comparing consenting intercourse between to adults of the same sex with the rape of a child ? 
  care to tell us why we should n't respect gay people and give them equal rights ?
