  have you heard of `` there is an exception to every rule '' . 
  well , it exists so we do n't have to discuss every exception . 
  so penis piercing at age 2 is allowed ? 
  why would we do this to ourselves ? 
  fun fact , even though i send 90 % of my time on the internets i somehow have no idea what gamergate is . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in cross country skiing , and i 've been involved in numerous winter olympics , and i have over 300 gold medals . 
  i am trained in biathlon and i 'm the top rifle shooter on the entire norwegian team . 
  you are nothing to me but just another bronze medalist, 
  is n't ireland a tax haven , and do n't we dislike tax havens ? 
  i did n't say it was just your opinion, 
  that 's your opinion , me i 'd rather see a faithful restoration . 
  to see something great rather than a reminder of something that was once great . 
  the arch of triumph may have been beautiful once , not anymore . 
  palmyra 's theatre on the other hand still looks great even today . 
  the mona lisa is hardly a pile of rubble , but an beautiful painting . 
  i do n't see the comparison at all, 
  i 'm one of the people who find looking at piles of old rubble to be boring , so i 'm a little excited at this news . 
  edit : no reason to downvote an opinion people, 
  while some ruins should n't be messed with , most ruins are just that , ruins , a pile of rocks . 
  honestly see no problem with making some of it look good again . 
  of course , i have no respect for old buildings/ruins so do n't listen to me, 
  why is norway not coloured ? 
  looks like [ a level from mirrors edge ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/lysgeqe3tss/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  i 've never thought much about the eu until i saw the potential for it to fall apart and it made me angry seeing britain try to shit all over european unity . 
  watching britain leave made me very pro eu for some reason, 
  how can you live next to someone that long and not know they 're dumb enough to leave the eu ? 
  his bitterness and anger actually made him watchable for once . 
  that does n't seem realistic . 
  you guys have 2 years to make new agreements . 
  you are 100 % responsible for this entire debacle, 
  probably the kind of response they 're looking for so they can call us nazis and shit during the world cup, 
  or they can try to change things where they are , that 's democracy for you . 
  you can take solace in that you still make a lot of money . 
  and people do n't cruise through life on welfare ... 
  you still make more money than other people ? 
  actually he asked `` what does non marital fertility ratio entail '', 
  french get mad even when people try to include them . 
  feelsbadman, 
  man , breivik really fucked us over . 
  we used to look good on all those statistics :( that was his real crime !, 
   the problem is the kind of culture that would force people into accepting this , not a legally non binding pseudo court with zero authority . 
  so it has power then, 
  are n't american houses in general more flimsy ? 
  do n't think they have the same level of build regulation as we do . 
  found out what triggers you at least, 
  turkology, 
  we know what it is , it 's pretty self explanatory . 
  it just sounds weird , like americanology . 
  there are gays everywhere , in some countries they just choose to hide it . 
  says it 's local news . 
  did n't know that was against the rules . 
  i feel like `` a developed country '' is pretty shit translation, 
  and i answered your question : `` according to your own link , no '', 
  nope , i did n't . 
  i was responding to your claim that it was proven not to be assad . 
   was n't it proven the last time assad was suspected of using chemical weapons they were in fact supplied by turkey to the rebels ? 
   we do not claim to know who was actually behind the attack of 21 august in damascus . 
  from your own source, 
  that 's your proof ? 
  did you even read it ? 
  malena though, 
  seems the only thing i 've done is given the image that you ca n't take a joke, 
  according to your own link , no, 
  it 's not so bad , you get used to women in positions of power eventually, 
  fuck me you right wingers never get tired of sarcasm do you ? 
  [ italy pls , y u no take him ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38159056 ), 
  were you equally sarcastic about ut\u00f8ya , before they caught the perpetrator ? 
   the perfect villain/scapegoat because it will never ever hit back . 
  same reason barnevernet is seen as the devil in eastern europe, 
  they associate them with a nice orange glow and prefer that to the blueish hue of the modern ones, 
  it 's not a parallel . 
  he used the argument that it 's morally ok for the uk to do this because it 's their strength . 
  ergo , playing off your strengths is fine , no matter the strength . 
  i say it 's morally bankrupt to withhold information that could save lives . 
  it 's like the firemen in the us who let a house burn down because the people in it had n't paid for their service . 
  if it 's ever discovered that you could have prevented a terrorist attack , but did n't because you wanted a better trade deal with the eu you will be demonized by everyone , everywhere, 
   right , so the eu playing to it 's economic strength is just and fair . 
  the uk playing to it 's security strength is blackmail . 
  there you go , someone did say that . 
  playing off your strengths is perfectly ok . 
  well , hamburg is in europe, 
  if you can live with 1/3 , the eu can live with 2/3, 
   i doubt the eu would be willing to risk citizens lives out of revenge . 
  the uk on the other hand ... 
  and spend it where exactly ? 
  where it 's needed the most ? 
  like in the more poorer countries in europe ? 
  is n't that exactly how the money is spent ? 
  extremely selfish way of thinking though . 
  because you might not get a good trade deal you 're willing to look away when russia invades its neighbors ? 
  no , but it 's all fair to play of your strengths right ? 
  so you 'd be completely fine with a country using their military to get what they want ? 
  if it 's a close call like brexit was , leave it up to the government to make the final call, 
  does n't matter , it 's just a good idea either way, 
  maybe require the side that wants massive change in a referendum to win by more than a couple of percentages . 
  in eu . 
  important difference . 
  / u/sampo care to comment ?
