  if i have to pay for greece i want to have a say how the money should be spend . 
  then again , the articles of confederation gave way to our constitution , and the united states of america saw their existence as states with competing interests give way in many respects to a powerful federal government , one which redistributes among them , and holds power over them . 
  federal military bases in texas are n't texas national guard . 
  alabama 's federal aid is coming from california . 
  it 's the federal subsidies of the midwest 's agriculture that makes the coast 's consumer economies possible , etc. 
  only texas had a shot at being a real nation , and no state is sovereign . 
  but , of course , californians have an equal say in the upper house of federal congress as do north carolinians , through their senators , and proportional say in the lower house via representatives . 
  * that * kind of loss of sovereignty and binding of fates is the price for ` no taxation without representation ' . 
  is there a european identity strong enough to pay it ? 
  this is it , though . 
  this is how federalism works . 
  there is the ruling body , there are subordinates . 
  every struggle for independence was because a people believed they would better rule themselves than supposed superiors . 
  every domination of a nation has been because people believed they would rule others better than they could on their own . 
  union and independence are simply not possible , they are the dialectical opposites in power . 
  an * obligation * to a union is * literally * a * binding * to it ; ob ligare . 
  bound , shackled . 
  whatever the bunde chosen , or enforced , it is that - - there is a reduction in the degree of freedom . 
  europe and its europeans need to make peace with that and choose . 
  will there be individual sovereign nations , or * not * . 
  there 's no middle ground . 
  nations are polity , economy , and military - - and binding one eventually means binding the others . 
  there will be a federal eu or there will be local federalizations or there will continue to be as many sovereign nations as there are now . 
  in the first two , certain sovereign nations cease to be anything more than culturally and ethnically and linguistically different - - they do n't get to have their own nation . 
  in the third , no one gets the policy , bounty/poverty , or security of another people . 
  what the balance is will have to be chosen , but it 's pretty much all or nothing . 
   show me hard stats of people who refuse welfare ? 
  the government does n't even collect those . 
  nope , but it 's an overriding cultural identity . 
  we 're just lucky in that our nationality specifically encapsulates the notion of that cultural identity not requiring a certain ethnic background . 
  [ this is n't unusual for americans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gary_locke ) [ this is n't exactly a normal thing in germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philipp_r%c3%b6sler ) * then again * , there seem to be waaaaaay more americans who get butthurt about a non-white person doing something as a representative of government than there are any germans complaining about racial minorities . 
  they 're saying the poster is effectively `` not roma '' because for them , it 's the cultural identity and derivative practices of roma that matter ( especially since there is no roma nationality ), 
  no , that happens here too - - and not just to black people . 
  there 's plenty of generationally poor whites who are poor because their culture around education is lacking . 
  the problems of poverty in the us largely * do * fall on black americans because of historical racism , but there 's plenty of graft all around for all racial groups . 
  there are always some people in society who ca n't function , just the same as there are people who function at an * incredible * level . 
  the real mark of a society is n't just how it rewards the latter , but how it takes care of the former . 
  and to be sure ; racism 's legacy in the us means that often , the groups of our poor whom people discriminate against get much less help than they ought to receive ( and are often harmed ! ), 
  i 'm sure there are examples of this happening to the roma in europe ; it 's just a bad tendency humans have . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2009/crime/02/16/buffalo.beheading/ nothing 's topped that one for me , personally . 
  if laws have been broken , then punishments are due . 
   they were targeting the people that were raiding villages . 
  not one woman or child was killed at srebrenica . 
  hardly a good excuse . 
   maybe if they were n't raiding villages . 
  , the adult serbian soldiers responsible could 've had some self control and acted better ? 
  come on . 
  killing unarmed people in captivity just does n't have much of an excuse . 
  i 'm totally fine with gas warfare , i have no qualms about troops shooting women and children who take up arms , etc. 
  but once the enemy , even if they are * definitely * the enemy , are under your control and the fight is over , any violence beyond that point is just to sate a bloodlust . 
  estonia is shaming everyone else in nato , even the us . 
  they 've only had their independence for a few decades , there are hardly any estonians to produce things for their economy ( it 's like san diego as a country or something ) , and they still come in and meet the two percent guideline . 
  it 's humbling , how quickly and resolutely their population decided to just not take any shit and get things done . 
  i wish larger powers like germany and france would step up their spending , so that the baltic/central european nations in the most danger could have some time to really develop powerful industry and develop their militaries without the economic strains of contributing to the alliance . 
   things like this are going to happen , you ca n't eliminate it completely . 
  agreed . 
   meanwhile we have a 0.2 gun related death rate , and the us 10.6 . 
  that 's driven by our poverty and drug trade in our cities , not mass shootings . 
  our politicians * do n't * try to eliminate poverty or our terrible drug laws - - that 's what i feel bad about as an american , not gun control , which i do felicitously ridicule . 
   afaik all protestant countries have a high work ethics . 
  in case the allusion is missed : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_protestant_ethic_and_the_spirit_of_capitalism#summary, 
  they just need to make it more illegal-er to murder someone or obtain a firearm for criminal purpose . 
   have you ever set foot in a desolate city in europe ? 
  nope , only been to very populated ones . 
   i 'm talking about places like charleroi , dresden or even fucking sarajevo . 
  berlin and stuttgart did not seem empty . 
  i 've never been to sarajevo , but i want to go . 
   do you thinkt the level of economic and social violence people living there have to endure is vastly inferior to detroit 's ? 
  well , comparing detroit to , say , dresden , i would say it 's * pretty * clear that dresden is far and away much safer , and has far more economic integration than does detroit . 
  certainly less poverty . 
  detroit is one of * the * poorest cities in the us . 
  as for sarajevo , i think the breakup of yugoslavia kind of excludes it from the discussion of * just * criminal activity , considering all the other stuff . 
   the only significant divergent factor we can observe is the ease to buy a gun and prevalence in gun ownership . 
  ** then how come vermont is so safe ? 
  ** there are * no * gun laws there - - to legally carry a concealed weapon in vermont , you need only load it and put it in your pocket . 
  that 's it . 
  then you can walk around the whole state . 
  you can even enter places of business . 
  pretty much * any * where , but a government operated building . 
  chicago , by the way , has some of * the * strictest gun laws in the country . 
  it does n't do anything . 
  the meaningful variable * is n't * access to firearms , it 's economic and social integration , and in the us , for huge , huge numbers of people - - largely on the grounds of our historic and enduring racism - - there is a sub-society that is deprived of true integration with the rest of society , and therefore has a higher propensity to crime . 
  * that * combined with prolific firearms , is what drives our firearms homicides numbers . 
  there are 300 + million firearms in the us and approximately 100 million gun owners . 
  at most , there are somewhere between 12 to 14 thousand firearms homicides in the us , and they 're concentrated in cities , and committed by criminals . 
  it 's patently obvious we do n't have an issue with civil firearms ownership , but ** do ** have a problem with drug crime and mental health infrastructure . 
  yeah , columbine and sandy hook are more like utoya . 
  and it 's not the mafia , but urban drug dealing and those drug dealers that have the largest share of young men taken out of legitimate economic activity and put into criminality , which requires violence . 
  that 's why chicago homicides outnumber war deaths in afghanistan in a single year . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/06/16/chicago-homicide-rate-wor_n_1602692.html the problem is and has always been criminality resulting from economic deprivation and social non-integration constituting the vast majority of crime drivers ( including the weapons and weapons-committed homicide crimes ) , with all other violent crime ( mentally deranged or ideologically violent people ) being a vastly smaller share . 
  the first is easily addressed , the second not so much . 
  that 's why america has numbers that reflect way more criminality ( look at the numbers of our cities and the percentages of people on public assistance/below the poverty line/routinely jailed and kept out of civil society and opportunity ) , while places like norway or germany only have the occasional mass homicide in a camp or a school . 
   you do know what that means right ? 
  yes , it means the overwhelming majority of firearms crime is n't mass shootings , but the chronic gang violence in america 's urban centers . 
  mass shootings are a tiny , tiny fraction of all homicides each year , and only a slightly larger fraction of homicides committed with firearms . 
  but the greeks who for decades and decades voted for the corruption that bankrupted their country and made it completely uncompetitive - - they 're not supposed act better . 
  germany has been spending the last 25 years trying to rehabilitate millions of economically depressed people/the remains of a nonsense economy already , and it 's not yet entirely complete . 
  why should the germans be singled out to help greece ( again ) ? 
  i 'm not unsympathetic to the greek issue ; every single greek who is older than 35 is inherently responsible as the members of the previous electorates ( or nonparticipating ones ! ), 
  which have plundered the economic futures of younger greeks .
