sometimes it even make sense to fear usa . 
  argentinians have a reason to complain if the u.s supreme court babysits wall street 's vulture funds argentina has literally no reasonable grounds on which to contest their atrocious loan `` repayment '' behavior . 
  sorry , i often use scandinavian/nordic interchangeably , and should n't . 
   that ship sailed when qaddafi gave up nuclear capabilities ... only for nato forces to intervene soon after . 
  this will sound callous ; i thought perhaps it was n't totally compromised , because he had also started a shooting war with his own people , and was n't of or ruling a european nation . 
  with ukraine , the veil is totally off - there 's no more illusion , let alone a guarantee . 
   it 's not a russian invasion most of the world is scared about . 
  most of the world is either an important trade partner , our outright a client state of our security apparatus , yours being the latter . 
  there 's little to fear unless there is any threat to our security or ` trade ' hegemony . 
  * ( not insulting , i actually quite like all of scandinavia - just saying how it is ) *, 
   russia had nukes when they gave up ukraine the last time , without bloodshed . 
  followed by them taking crimea by force , with lots of blood shed . 
   with a government so unstable as to rest entirely on the strength of one man , who 's to say it wo n't happen again ? 
  putin 's domineering creating a russia dependent on his rule for stability does n't exactly make me think a post-putin russia will lead to peaceful resolution with crimea/ukraine so much as it does make me think russia will go back to that awful business in the transition period . 
  the western world will come to regret this when it means there 's a snowball 's chance in hell of ever peacefully encouraging nuclear non-proliferation . 
  no nation with nukes is ever going to give them up again , and everyone has a huge incentive to get them , underscored by russian actions contrary to the budapest memorandum . 
  credible lethal force is apparently the only thing that matters now . 
  please reread where i wrote out examples contradicting the idea that proximity means much . 
   the point is that ( excluding the `` war on drugs '' and the `` war on christmas  ) these wars happen overseas eh , lots of european nations had lots and lots of war in their own back yards for decades through the centuries before ww2 . 
  the public taste for war is easily diminished by devastation ? 
  look at all the killing in the middle east and south asia !, 
  people are willing to go to war if they think there 's something they 'll `` win '' for having done it , else something dear they will `` lose '' if they do n't , no matter the truth . 
  it 's hard to make a robust historical argument for humanity ever necessarily `` tiring '' of war when so much of our experience , within generations involves war , overseas or not . 
   , i think that is the reason why the us is still so eager to engage in wars . 
  for them , war has been a distant business for the last 150 years . 
  wat the entire trope of war mongering americans explicitly rests on wars we 've had since world war two with great frequency . 
  there 's never been a huge swath of time in our history where we * have n't * been militarily involved somewhere , while we 're at it . 
  after the civil war , we * still * had military conflicts - including going to world war 1 . 
  this directly undercuts your notion that it is a lack of tangible experience with war that leads to its romanticization . 
  you just wanted to wax philosophical and bring out the old chestnut of `` lololol , dae america shoots people ?! '', 
  the crazy economic growth and stepped up military spending in comparison to the rest of former warsaw pact nations is why i think poland will be a power . 
  i just hope we can get a good crop of immigrants from central and eastern europe before then - - we need educated and skilled westerners , too , not just low scale latin american labor to develop our population base 30 years out and smatterings of physicians and engineers from india and china . 
  ... maybe we can swipe some of the gulf countries ' best while we 're at it ... 
   give me one example when isolationism has worked for a country ? 
  no one said that , stop inventing straw men to knock down , mkay ? 
   trying to delay the inevitable except not having one 's society overrun by the impoverished and aid-seeking of another society whose culture ( and language , and religion ) is often quite different ( and which left to its own devices , has not produced the same bounty as one 's own ) * is n't * an inevitability . 
  it 's a matter of what laws you 're willing to have and what geographic susceptibility you have . 
  maine does n't have a lot of illegal immigrants from spanish speaking countries . 
  texas does . 
  that 's simply not a coincidence ; it 's geography . 
  canada does n't have a lot of immigration of poor people ; the us does - - that 's not a coincidence , it 's the intersection of geography and rule of law that produces those different results . 
  if you 're so concerned about their human rights being violated , and you believe it 's `` inevitable '' immigrants from less developed , less safe , less economically productive countries should go to those places where the living situation is better , i hope you 've made up a spare bedroom and are preparing to buy some more plates and dishes and silverware for your new roommates . 
  you will , of course , be dedicating * your own * resources to these people , right ? 
  because you 're so high up on that horse of yours ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debutante was n't that long ago the aristocracy in europe were marrying off their newly pubescent daughters to the ` right ' families , as well . 
  this is an example of a low prestige population maintaining something that has its roots in a very old/high prestige circumstance . 
  other societal norms changed , theirs did n't because they 're not part of the larger society . 
  shit happens , yo . 
  educate and include them if you want to change them in a few generations . 
  northern pennsylvania checking in ; we need this so badly . 
  on this and so much else , everyone keeps having the policy conversation without the values conversations , talking past each other and marching for and against . 
  yep , happens both ways . 
  `` tier '' is supposed to just mean ` animal ' , but english turned it into quadrupeds and then * deer * specifically . 
  also , lol when self proclaimed members of the left talk about the left/right dynamic or liberal/conservative and then get angry at state security services , state enforced regulations on religion and building , and state directed economic changes . 
  i 'm an outsider to the culture , but they way i think this happens is because russia from the time of the kievan rus ' onwards has actually been a series of ethno-cultural adoptions of different religious/political models , all of which have serving the expansion and defense of the ` russian ' people as the fundamental objective . 
  not so different from classical societies - the roman republic and roman empire were totally different , but for their perpetuity of romans , or other civilizations whose distinctiveness is enough to give them a sense of people and nation . 
  like , that 's why so many slavic people get ` claimed ' - the belo russians , the ukraina living russians , the rusyn and ruthenian russians . 
  at every point , the primacy of russian ethnic identity and it 's dominion and incorporation and the strength and resilience of such binding is what the culture prizes . 
  so the orthodox church is cool now , because it 's what means rossiya is strong and pure , not like the godless , effeminate west . 
  the bolsheviks just happened to see the church as cloying and weak compared to the ideology of lenin and stalin . 
  tsar nicholas was thrown out , but if he had been way more successful as a leader , would the revolution have happened ? 
  would he and his family have been killed ? 
  the tsar was always supposed to be the caesar of the russian people , strong , moralist , steadfast . 
  and here was this romanov who could n't lead them to victory , made them hungry and had a hemophiliac heir . 
  from the tribes , to the empire ( s ) to the soviet to the federation , the protection and domination of a slavic identity whose ultimate form is russian , whose fate is russian and whose guardians and champions are russian - this seems to be the fundamental cultural impulse . 
  it 's not totally different from the han-centric identity politics of red china . 
  so it 's not actually contradictory they can prize the sacred war , the great patriotic war of their atheist communist soldiers fighting the dark fascist hordes , their imperial past with its heavy orthodox infrastructure , their kievan roots and the modern mantle of assumed religiosity and rehabilitation of soviet figures all at once - the basic impulse is russian supremacy . 
  these arrangements were all in service of that . 
  you know , a lot of `` christian '' traditions and iconography come from pagan religions which would 've persisted alongside christendom as cultural traditions of they were not extinguished and the post-colonial era had n't seen christendom give way to a western secularism ( pretty much everywhere but america that had * revivalist * movements ) . 
   so it 's like saying that male circumcision is christian tradition , just because it happens often in the usa . 
  but if you were a hindu indian talking about american christians moving en masse to your homeland , about people who * do * have a religious and cultural link between circumcision its purity origins and american christian moralist revivals of the 19th and early 20th century , in numbers that might upset local demographics balances it ** would ** be totally reasonable to talk about circumcision as an american or christian practice . 
  `` run them jewels fast '' - thomas jefferson, 
   that 's why people dislike the us describing itself as `` exceptional '' . 
  because it implies superiority . 
  except it does n't . 
  the usage is to point out how unusual it was at its founding from pretty much any other nation , how its political traditions were then , and are now , largely the * exception * to normal modes of polity , and how its culture is just * different * to the continental philosophies it is otherwise comparable to . 
  america 's weird . 
  ( i wo n't bother using `` exceptional '' because of the butthurt it inspires ) . 
  plenty of our states beat le sophisticated europe on gay marriage , several on medical/recreational marijuana . 
  many on weapons laws have much stricter policy . 
  most on weapons laws have much laxer policy ( because they do no more than the federal policy , which does little ) . 
  our military drove both racial integration and gender integration . 
  our military lagged in gay rights standards . 
  frankly , the us is weird enough in culture and policy and legal mechanisms that i do n't think it 's useful to anticipate too much one way or the other with the us or europe as the prior when considering one of them . 
  because little britain and the european discord can use the tutelage . 
  obviously i brought the us political process up because it got mentioned in comparison to the eu . 
  i 'm just pointing out that political union comes greatly second to the unified identity . 
  the time is n't what 's important . 
  identity is . 
  israel has only existed since the late 1940s , technically . 
  `` russia '' only since the fall of the ussr . 
  a germany that shares a border with poland ( and what that border is ! ), 
  and france simultaneously is only something which came into existence again after reunification . 
  ^ these statements are silly the legal and political unions and governmental pomp and circumstance come * second * to identity . 
  right after the berlin wall fell , there were germans embracing germans , germans shouting at germans , germans being suspicious of germans , germans competing in elections with germans . 
  there was an east german or west german language , or ethnicity , etc. 
  there were different ideologies , but culturally ? 
  it was always the same basic people . 
  the us created this and creates it with immigrants assimilating . 
  china did it with ethnic homogenezation programs .
