  couple that with [ even slicker propaganda for the younger crowd ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlesb4eqqri ) , particularly young men , and rossiya strongk is n't just something a vatniki mumbles to himself , drunk and out of a job , but something * regular people * , regular russians , who like the people of any nation want to feel proud of their fathers and their fathers fathers , want to feel proud of their country , will see as an ideal that needs fulfillment . 
  america 's `` manifest destiny '' was the subjugation of the new world , and the dominion of the virgin lands that lay between plymouth rock and the pacific ocean , and then western hemisphere . 
  russia 's ( the one that putin wants russians to swallow whole ) lies in an irredentist narrative of betrayal at the hands of the west , after they beat back the dark fascist hordes single handedly screaming ooorah from stalingrad to berlin fueled only by their common slavic blood , a betrayal that is as much ideological in consequences as in geographical in loss of territory , and which has to be set right for the sake of all russians . 
  the oligarchs are * okay * with putin , because [ ** he did this ** ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/04/gdp_of_russia_since_1989.svg/2000px-gdp_of_russia_since_1989.svg.png ) we can say whatever we want in the west about the russian economy not being diversified , or its the regular russian having a lower life expectancy , but for the oligarchs ? 
  for the hundred or so multi-billionaires ? 
  post-yeltsin life has been * pretty fucking great * for the many thousands , close to millions of newly middle class and upper middle class residents of russia 's larger cities ? 
  moscow in 1990 was n't so good - - under putin ? 
  it became and for a long time stayed , one of the most expensive cities in the world ( read : one where people , russians and foreigners , were spending lots of money on businesses of all kinds ) ______________________ the thing to do is * crush * putin 's propaganda control of the average person with mean mr. 
  reality just like taking down an sjw 's saaaafespaaaace , and make the financial math of the oligarchs view putin 's presence as a net negative , not a tolerable zero-sum or net positive . 
  russia should simply not be able to do business of any kind with any eu nation for what they did to ukraine , if ukraine is at all worthy of any kind of common sentiment or protection or solidarity as a european people . 
  no need to have us tanks ride around eastern europe . 
  no need to have georgia or moldova or ukraine train with nato troops . 
  make it impossible for the average russian to buy or get anything coming from europe : food , clothing , antibiotics , student visas , computers/phones , vehicles , medical instruments , etc. 
  anything . 
  make it impossible for the oligarchs to buy/get anything from europe : cheap real estate investments and money washing/depositing , financial services , industrial concern cooperation , etc. 
  do that , and the two tiers of putin 's power will be crushed . 
  do it openly , and do it with the publicized goal of putin stepping down , and russian forces and russian sponsored forces withdrawing entirely . 
  eat the financial cost , whatever it may be , and show solidarity as a european union . 
  the eu is much more capable of working together and providing for and protecting its own members and investing in them so they can stand on their own two feet than is russia with respect to its pretend nations of the dpr ... right ? 
   silly for the most part , given that the commonwealth includes india , kenya , pakistan ... 
  pretty sure most citizens of the uk who think about the `` commonwealth '' in any sense are * pretty much * limiting that to the uk , and probably ireland before , say , canada . 
  no , i understand what it is . 
  what i do n't think it can be is an alliance with members who actually spend the money required to respond to any attack on a member nation , and members who basically free-ride . 
  same here in the states . 
  lots of privileged college kids who are n't planning on working in the service , agriculture , construction , or retail industries for very long or at all wondering why older people or poorer people who do n't live in cities and have a life-plan that involves an office job are always yammering on about illegal immigrants . 
  please do - - maybe even vote for politicians who will do that . 
  then your nation can spend money on its own security , and you can leave nato , too . 
  not kidding ; i hope any nation that does n't want to be part of nato obligations leaves it , and i hope any nation which does n't want us foreign policy influencing its defense decisions makes its own defense plans . 
  is n't it great how putin does that ? 
  `` nato expanded into the east ! '', 
  like a bunch of american tanks and trucks flying the weird compass-thing banner just rolled into poland or the czech republic and said `` oi , you 're part of nato now , right ? '', 
  planted a few flags and that was that and the local governments just sort of shrugged their shoulders in resignation while looking eastward at the gloriously pure slavic hinterland . 
   i still fail to see the difference between `` non-scary non-lethal-aid '' like counter battery radars that have been provided and have been very effective , that for some reason is okay and `` big-no-no aid that does bang '' because one is stuff that does n't kill people , and one is stuff that does . 
   are you talking about providing ukraine with javelins in secret ? 
  why in secret ? 
  why not in the open ? 
  why should n't the us openly say `` we are going to provide lethal assistance to the ukrainians against who they tell us are russian nationals '' ? 
  i mean , even ignoring the syria issue , that 's basically the us saying `` we are going to materially aid people in killing russians . '', 
  as a matter of official policy . 
  that 's pretty big , dude , even if putin maintains no russians are there ( which he ended up recanting , though he denies sending any himself )  it could be used unchanged against giving ukraine any aid at all and end up with the conclusion that ukraine should stop struggling and let the rapist do whatever he wants . 
  i 'm not saying that . 
  i am * also * saying however that ukraine should be financially helped , and no one , not germany , not france , not britain - no one should do * any * business with the ` rapist ' as you put it , in perpetuity unless the government is replaced . 
   i just think putin really is too unpredictable to basically point a gun to his head . 
  the alternative is actually pointing guns , * or * deciding that mass ukrainian casualties , thousands of europeans dead and displaced , is not worth refusing to do business with russia . 
  or perhaps that ukrainians are n't even europeans at all , insofar as being part of `` europe '' means fellow european people wo n't just ignore death and destruction . 
  * this * is what bothers me about the whole thing, 
   the russian economy ca n't even support itself it 's supporting it self right now , because we do n't have harsh enough sanctions . 
  it still does business with europe . 
   is escalating the conflict further really wise tho ? 
  i think it would be very foolish , and that 's why i think harsh economic sanctions that basically means the west takes its ball and goes home , would be the right thing to do . 
   also you said that that would push out putin 's regime , but it could also lead to even more support with a strong `` them vs us '' feeling but that 's happening * now * because we 're letting putin control the narrative and doing a total half measure with sanctions . 
  we need to have putin 's leadership be completely unpalatable to the regular russian who just wants to live their life , without worrying about what food costs , about what antibiotics cost , about feeling like they 'll have a future , * and * the billionaire oligarchs . 
  eroding putin 's support like that would be what leads to his downfall , and he 's smart enough to look at the rest of the world and see he should n't entertain that . 
  giving up crimea and the donbass would be a small price to pay for him being able to retain power . 
  i mean , is * that * the assurance you have as a dutch warplanner about to commit young dutch lives to a mission ? 
  that 's what you bank on ? 
  the control of russia over the separatists is that good ? 
  and if some die , do you tell the families of those soldiers `` well , we thought for * sure * russia would n't direct anyone to shoot at them !, 
  i guess i should have just said the whole russian energy sector . 
  everyone , including ukraine , has a stake in continued russian output because the alternative is simply far too costly in monetary terms , apparently . 
  very precious , that money . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable for there to be little appetite for war on the part of europe 's leaders . 
  that 's perfectly respectable , and smart . 
  it does n't matter that there are plenty of grizzled men who are willing to fight and die - any large scale military action is going to have lots of young kids who should be living their lives getting chewed up . 
  that the willingness of europe to come together to respond to greek insolvency was n't there is one thing . 
  that apparently thousands of dead and displaced ukrainians are n't worthy enough as europeans to simply pursue harsher economic actions astounds me . 
  the us should n't be who the poles and romanians look to when they 're worried about russian overtures , and the us should n't be the leaders of economic sanctions against russia for what it 's done in ukraine , nor providing them their primary military assistance . 
  are n't ukrainians europeans ? 
  why are n't ksk personnel showing ukrainian soldiers how to clear rooms , how to do fire and movement drills ? 
  why is n't bnp paribas being made to lead the way on refusing russians banking and export capacity ? 
  france and germany are the two biggest powers in every sense on the european continent , and of the eu . 
  are n't ukrainians europeans like them ? 
  are n't they worth something ? 
  it would be a proxy war if putin 's response were to keep russian troops in a meat grinder we kept adding more gears to like afghanistan . 
  i think he would massively massively escalate beyond any us appetite , though . 
  ( leading to only a worse version of what we have now ) if we tried keeping pace ? 
  with stuff like open russian aggression , missile batteries , tanks , close air ? 
  solely through supplying ukrainians , i do n't think it could be done like afghanistan . 
  i think there would have to be us trainers involved like georgia , and if we did n't pull them out like then ... 
  i do n't know what would happen . 
  that 's what should be done . 
  eu should be leading it what 's more , with * zero * business between their nations and russia . 
  no financial transactions , no energy , nothing . 
  that should be followed by massive financial investment and energy cooperation between the whole of the eu and russia to ensure the energy needs and financial solvency of all cooperating nations is taken care of . 
  no russian exporters . 
  no russian importers . 
  russia gets to be a completely self contained financial and economic zone . 
  keep that up for a year or two . 
  putin 's regime would be dead and it would be the russians who killed it . 
  okay , say we had stepped up what we 're doing still , and in addition to training ukrainian forces , taken the best and brightest to fort bragg , had special operations training given to them , sent them back and provided them javelins , us commo and transportation equipment , and let them loose against russian motorized infantry and armor ? 
  after the first five or six tanks are blown apart by javelin missiles , or the first ukrainian soldier is found dead holding one , or a russian separatist group takes possession of a us origin vehicle , what happens next ? 
  the russians have a much shorter supply line - what happens if they escalate ? 
  if they start moving in lots more in earnest , and call the us bluff and hit ukrainian positions with missiles - real earnest missile strikes - like they did against the georgians in south ossetia and abkhazia ? 
  do we give the ukrainians phalanx ciws to operate against any incoming missiles ? 
  do we send them m110s to deny russians forward movement ? 
  jdam kits and hellfires to take out russian missile batteries and fortified positions ? 
  and do the ukrainians * never * lose any of this stuff that * we * rely on to fight with * ourselves * ? 
  if we bring weapons into it , especially weapons which directly defeat those arms and equipment the separatists are being provided with from russia , or outright manned by russians , then we 're in a war with russia . 
  not a proxy war like in syria , like a war war . 
  right , but playing chicken like that and risking your own people 's lives in order to force putin 's hand gets you what ?
