  i 'm saving up for several of their offerings right now ; might be a couple years , but i want to get 'em all in the same go . 
   gun fetish seems to be purely american thing . 
  nonsense . 
  the czech republic , germany , france , switzerland ( of course ) all have gun laws that allow much more extensive carry and types of weapons for ownership than do several states ( with many of our largest cities/bulk of population ) of the united states . 
  in the city of new york , where we have a statue of liberty given to us by france , gun ownership is essentially banned for the common person . 
  france has no magazine , or ` assault weapon ' laws - - just a permit for semi-auto rifles . 
  european gun owners got to have the cz 805 bren well , well before american owners ( edit : actually , we still ca n't really have it because of various federal and state restrictions on the import and configuration of firearms which do n't exist in europe - - only a ` pistol ' version exists legally here for purchase ) , and many americans will never legally be able to own what people in france and germany can . 
  i certainly ca n't here . 
  and the czech republic ( the origin of such a rifle , and many other wonderful ones ) ? 
  carry licenses are totally possible . 
  they 're flat out impossible to get in many american cities and certain states . 
  if new york state had czech gun laws , i 'd be so much happier . 
  even french gun laws . 
  20 percent of the swedish population has a sense of humor . 
  lol, 
  ** or just stop providing them aid ** the aid never goes to useful things . 
  ever . 
  look up how much has been spent on aid to africa . 
  we just crush local economies and create perverse incentives . 
  any european who will find fault with a multinational for profit conglomerate not living up to some imagined responsibility to provide jobs in france or germany at an expense to itself ... ... who is * also * one of those europeans who thinks immigration policies set by national governments for foreign persons should n't principally favor that nation 's own people , should engage in some introspection . 
  they have to get more people speaking the language of their ancestors . 
  the israelites brought back the language of the hebrew people - i do n't see why welshman , cornish people , irishmen , and scottish people should not all speak their languages instead of only just the language of their anglo-conquerors . 
  many . 
  guns . 
  1 ) scottish independence 2 ) join the eu 3 ) chill out with ireland 4 ) ????? 
  the welsh ???? 
  join the darker side . 
  i mean , that 's still kind of overplayed . 
  presumably if you 're committing to a lifetime with another person , you 'll put their needs first and vice versa . 
  everyone sex life gets worse as they age anyway , `` compatibility '' or not . 
  the real issue , marriage or no marriage , is that everyone has gotten super selfish and does n't understand partnership . 
  plenty of nightmarish relationships outside marriage too . 
  skipping to fucking and just not doing anything with paperwork is pretty much the best option . 
  and you can rotate out !, 
  it 'll do them good to see some titty . 
  unsatisfied male sexual desire is the root of violent aggression . 
  so , lefties against the eu for the debt treatment of greece , rightwingers for the immigration issue . 
  looks like britannia is going to split , eh ? 
  a policeman 's riot baton * is * used for crowd control , along with battering a suspect . 
  what 's macedonia to do , anyway ? 
  from the report , the migrants all seem to be flooding through greece and macedonia to get to germany later anyway . 
  are the authorities supposed to give them 1000 euro , food , clothing , and a train ticket ? 
  maybe a night in a skopje hotel ? 
  juxtaposing sharp raps from a baton against a full grown man not going the direction an officer was telling him , with a crying baby girl in another shot is just dishonest emotionally manipulative editing , also . 
  shameful treatment of these people started with bashir al-assad and isis and all the powers that be who never took islamic militant movements seriously enough . 
  no one knows how to call the drones back - cheney took the drone horn you have to blow into from the top of the washington monument . 
  all those dead kids are n't obama 's fault !, 
  look no further than every redditor college aged liberal villifying the nsa ... ... but obviously obama has nothing to be blamed for !, 
  have you not noticed that we have a public , american culture we melt everyone into ? 
  mueller and podolinski and o'hara and hamilton and mendoza etc all end up speaking the same way , eating the same goods , etc in public . 
  we only recently have started tolerating public differences . 
  multilingual ( lol , rather , * spanish * ) signs and advertisements are super new to us . 
  sounds like we should send all the refugees to the place called sweden . 
   the us 's policies and positions are about us interests , not european interests . 
  happily they do align somewhat some of the time . . `` hey this other guy in the insurance pool does n't have me listed on his policy ! '', 
  i mean , really ? 
  that 's your criticism ? 
   `` the progessive left '' by that do you mean the liberal left no , the progressives . 
  at least in modern english in anglo countries , this is has a specific meaning . 
  the ones who view broad social change as a thing to be authored by the large institutions of government power which change the ` choice architecture ' ( cass sunstein is one of them ) of the society it governs . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robin_morgan she is one such progressive ( though , in an older socio-political vocabulary , it was merely the ` radicals ' on the left , much as there were , like in the john birch society , ` radicals ' on the right ) : `` we ca n't destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage '' plainly stated is no longer the mo , but progressives ( and no , not all of them want to , and very few are so cynically against marriage or whatever ) inherently view the role of societal change as to remove older social norms in order to pursue a * new * order , and view government as * the * tool of doing it . 
  contrasted , of course , with conservatives and the ` reactionaries ' who react to this pull ` forward ' with dug in heels . 
  http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-esential-20014230-video-romanii-internet-televizor-ecran-plat-fundul-gradinii-64-dintre-tarani-traiesc-evul-mediu.htm there are ... differences in public infrastructure priorities . 
  that said , internet service providers the world over should stop pretending that it 's more difficult than actual utility provision and nickel and diming everyone for minimal services . 
  and what if the masters who want federalization and the diminshment of nations ... also are the same globalists who want such cheap labor that they 'll do whatever they can to achieve mass unskilled immigration ? 
  because we might as well talk about `` i want a common european currency '' vs `` but i do n't want central dictatorial terms from ecb/german banks '' . 
  it 's not like the people advocating for the second are opposed to the first , either - - have you thought about why that 's so ? 
   some people might ask , `` why should we be responsible for their countries ? '', 
  because europe and america contributed in some way or another to destablize the middle east and have made zero effort to rebuild . 
  serbia ? 
  poland ? 
  what was hungary doing to syria ? 
  ever ? 
  this is just slave reparations/pan-latino guilt tripping for a different set of people . 
  last time i checked , the entire european continent 's defense rests on us troops and capabilities , as well as the security of its energy markets and exports markets , the us are a massive trading partner for any nation of import , and have the single largest national economy on the planet . 
  seems like eu/ez policy is going to have to do something with us desires . 
  spend more and replace the broomsticks if you want otherwise . 
  i personally enjoy how often i 'm told i hate immigrants or believe america should only have white people ( am brown , parents are immigrants ) when i express anything short of a `` bend over and ask for more '' attitude on illegal immigration to our southern border . 
  pretty much . 
  but we also have a much easier time picking talent because pretty much anyone can have an american identity . 
  arrey yaaar , * i am indian * in origin . 
  i just , i just do n't get how so many restaurants fuck up naan , you know ? 
  or dhokla . 
  or saambar . 
  and speaking of saambar and idli , holy moly is the southern food underrepresented . 
  they 're very serious about keeping their hair clean . 
  some cut it short and just wear the turban , but plenty clean their hair very fastidiously and comb and tie it up in the traditional way . 
  if only the us had gotten some in before the revolution . 
  there 's something about indian people food in the uk that 's just better . 
  like they built the ingredients around the anglo palate , but it 's still indian . 
  i 've never enjoyed paneer dishes the same way over here after eating over there . 
  someone drunk , hospitalized , and in police custody who * still * somehow leaves the impression they were just having a rough time is probably a solid bloke when they 're not knackered . 
  coming from \u017di\u017eek !, 
  when the marxist intellectuals are n't buying unmitigated immigration , you 'd think the left would take a hint . 
  it 's like all of russia 's `` slavic brotherhood '' shit when they 're afraid the people they view as underlings will align with the west instead of tolerating all the abuse and dependency fostering . 
  nonsense . 
  a * stable * population is entirely possible . 
  a * stable * economy is entirely possible . 
  but it requires having replacement ( not growth , just replacement rate ) fertility and budgets which are n't debt funded , both of which for social and fiscal reasons are an anathema to the left . 
  the same reason leftist politicians in the us bend over backwards for our massive illegal immigrant population , their ethnic voting bloc cousins ( not kidding : [ mixed-status ] ( http://www.undocumentedpatients.org/issuebrief/demographics-and-socioeconomic-status/ ) describes a huge portion of the illegals family populations because most of them are coming here to established family and community networks to live ) : they 're young and have lots of babies in comparison to the native population ( after about 50 + years of progressive social policy and media promotion doing its job to denigrate marriage , traditional gender roles , family , and childbirth ) `` non-hispanic white '' women ( or `` white women '' ) [ do n't have kids ] ( http://www.childtrends.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/13_fig1.jpg ) - - most of them , for historical reasons , are part of the dominant socioeconomic status white people enjoy ; homes with equity , everyone going to college , moving to big cities for careers , etc.
