  a lot of western anxiety is n't just what putin does with uncontested power , but what it means for who the inevitable successors of that power will be . 
  it 's not like the last 15 years have cultivated a lot of western co-operative people , nor anyone who seriously wants to put russia first * but is n't * putin or putin approved . 
  from the outside looking in , it seems like you have very right wing people who are severely nationalist , putin , and then a few token opposition parties and the communists . 
  he 's almost 70 . 
  he ca n't really keep this up . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_athens_%281946%29 so , that 's sort of the ` big one ' , but there were n't fatalities , thankfully . 
  http://www.policeone.com/officer-survival/articles/7367632-texas-man-who-shot-at-cops-serving-warrant-acquitted/ that situation is a slightly more common one ( obviously still rare ) and gets battled out in court . 
  anticipating any further shenanigans , the state legislature of indiana went a step further . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-06-05/nra-backed-law-spells-out-when-indianans-may-open-fire-on-police so it 's the first state wide protection . 
  no longer a matter of municipal law or courts opinion . 
  i believe the nra is looking to back similar laws elsewhere . 
  you 're right ; it 's easy to imagine turkish spending is motivated by greek spending is motivated by turkish spending , etc. 
  and the us too has an interest in a `` western '' power with us in the middle east which is n't arab or jewish but is muslim and nato when it comes to negotiating force . 
  just vote find a couple more attaturks or something . 
  the impression i get from them is that the butthurt is mutual and enormous and about history that 's kind of murky . 
  same deal with all the balkan tensions . 
  it 's hard to understand from a us perspective . 
  we took lots of land for ourselves and no one has really interfered with that in any living memory . 
  i 'm sure if that were n't true we 'd be more sympathetic . 
  several jurisdictions have outright passed laws codifying when their citizens can use lethal force against police , if the cops are breaching the law . 
  indiana as a relatively large us state is the most visible one . 
  our 2a is n't really there for self defense against criminals , or resisting an invasion though it has that value . 
  it is and has always been about the american people 's ability to kill the security forces of their government and clean the slate if civil systems fail . 
  we 're a very , very long way from any of that , though . 
  no one really makes use of the 1a in terms of going beyond protesting and drafting candidates , or whatever . 
  we just like to be sure we have the material access to our rights . 
  on the whole , we do n't really have to do too much but be careful about who we vote for , same as any other country . 
  though , we often are n't , same as any other country . 
  i sort of think that now . 
  maybe they 'll retake cyprus , lol . 
  either way , i do n't think they should be spending so much cash on this . 
  i ca n't imagine 1966-2009 french people being okay with either a conventional land war or nuclear exchange between europe and russia where they did n't take sides . 
  much less one where they did n't take sides with the west . 
  i think they just did n't want their nuclear capabilities being controlled in some manner by non-french people and so bugged out , especially with de gaulle 's non-allignment preference . 
  but germany has a real-nation economy , too . 
  neither nation needs gold reserves at all . 
  really ? 
  it 's not highbrow certainly , but i found the lyrics ( well , via spanish and long unstudied french ... ) to be rather playful/sensual . 
  as pop songs go , it could be worse . 
  the rhyme of rome , apple , and men at the end seems a little forced though . 
  holy fuck this song is catchy, 
   would n't we say that enslaved black americans had a right to freedom even before legal emancipation ? 
  and would n't we say that slaveholders had no right to own black americans , even though the law contradicted that view ? 
  oh cool , let 's make comparisons of the plight of illegal immigrants who chose to break entry laws and gain access to publicly subsidized education and healthcare and who do n't assimilate to our culture _ to the institution of human slavery _  sheriff joseph arpaio , the face of american xenophobia , was able to migrate across borders to get to arizona from his native massachusetts because state borders are open . 
  because he 's an american national , a citizen of these united states of america . 
  that he was born in the state of massachusetts means he can freely travel to all other american states and territories ; the only issues are where his car and weapons and home/health insurance are purchased or titled . 
   if the eu 's constituent countries can open their national borders , nafta 's constituent countries can do the same . 
  why ? 
  1/10 mexican nationals is currently living in the us , and we have some 15 million illegal immigrants here already , burdening our healthcare , education and law enforcement resources . 
  we have birthright citizenship as a holdover from our civil war wherein we vowed to make all black people and native americans into american citizens as a birthright in the way that it existed for other americans , and this is exploited by those illegally coming here via anchor babies . 
  once one relative is a us national , the rest can clamor for amnesty . 
  we never had birthright citizenship for the sake of mass importation of people we are n't screening for suitability . 
  it 's very easy to ask for open borders when the costs are n't ones you 'll bear , just the same as the left often makes the case for more and more charity by government - - to be paid for by someone else . 
  when i was 18 , i thought the voting age should be 21 . 
  at 24 , i 'm not even sure i 'm comfortable with a voting age of 25 . 
  right now , i 'm leaning towards 35 , with taxes paid and property owned before someone is a person who ought be voting . 
  kids are the worst . 
  nope , for : 45,56,34,67,23,67,12,34,45,67,23,56,67,45,67,45,46,47,48,68,45,45,45,34,56,54,43,56 the mean is 47.8 ( 48 years old basically ) , and the median age is 45.5 . 
  for : 12,34,56,67,45,34,47,46,45,34,6,45,47,47,47,47,46,46,47,46,46,45,45,44,4 mean is 41.12 median is 46 !, 
  the median is always the number that separates the distribution into halves , or else the average of the two `` middle '' values - - the mean is only going to be the halfway point if the distribution is symmetric . 
  the reason the median data would be interesting is it would tell us even more about the demographic fate of germany because we would know what age separates each half of the `` old '' or `` young '' . 
  if it 's a very , very * old * age one has to reach before you 're breaching into half the distribution of ages , the population is * quite * old overall , for instance . 
  if you only need to be 16 in order to be in the old half of the population , there are lottttaaaa babies in the country . 
   as long as words are flying back and forth between the russian and american governments , it is likely that ballistic missiles wo n't . 
  yep . 
  look up the nicky-willy telegrams ; literally childhood cousins raised in contact with each other ; speaking a language they learned to talk to their shared victorian ( yep ) relatives . 
  what 's that people say when they want to avoid a fistfight ? 
  `` let 's talk this out '' it 's not any different for nations , but for the stakes ; if you believe you can negotiate , and believe it 's worth trying , killing and risking your people being killed is way worse . 
  one thing - forgive me for being inelegant - that white western people routinely do n't get is how hugely religion and religious forms figure into a lot of cultures . 
  like , obviously there 's a lot of ` background ' christianity and even some paganism in the wests ' cultural touchstones from christmas day to winter solstice holidays , to much of its classical music and art and architecture being church focused or outright a result of patronage , etc. 
  sure . 
  but the west nailed secularism * and * the preservation of its culture and modes of pluralist thinking that can be secular . 
  you can * be * a very ` german ' german person without being religious at all . 
  you probably ca n't be especially religious and have an identity as a typically finnish person . 
  there are n't that many ways to fit into indian society without having in the food , the music , the holidays , the social decorum , the family relationships , the schooling , etc , a strong undercurrent of religious forms and norms . 
  that 's not to say it 's bad , or impossible for them to be secular - - bharathanatiyam is as beautifully performed as kabuki , regardless of its origin in devotional temple dance ( enhances it , really , because the musical tradition accompanying it is pretty fervently practiced ) , nor is it true there are n't secular indian modes of polity - - - tagore conceived of a non-nationalism that was specifically meant to not be organized aroung the western notion of city state . 
  but if it 's this hard for hindus in the west ( source : am a hindu in the west ) when we notice how often we run into two very different sets of expectations about our identity ( i 'm an american born in rural country , own guns and usa , usa , usa ! ), 
  ( but also i do yoga and am a vegetarian and dark skinned ) ... ... then imagine what it 's like for * muslims * whose ideology is a harsh abrahamic religion of right and wrong , prescribed and forbidden , which has a history of inspiring militant fanaticism . 
  it 's an even greater tug from all directions , i imagine . 
  if society does n't have a way to embrace them , the terrorists ** will ** that 's the danger of non-assimilation in this case . 
  dude . 
  [ obviously this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zqqyyshqwc ), 
  every time the american left makes this argument about illegal immigrants ` deserving ' the jobs they take from the unskilled labor market of poor/young americans , i bring up their fetish for minimum wage laws/wanting to tax companies that outsource and all that 's left are variations on the `` but that 's different ! '', 
  theme . 
   what if even the already existing young people often struggle to find jobs ? 
  fewer people and less domestic consumption will surely help with that !, 
   we can always import more africans . 
  that 's just as good , right ? 
  yes , import culturally , racially , and linguistically different people from another society to supplement yours !, 
  i 'm sure they 'll assimilate in no time !, 
   children are selfish ungrateful little pricks . 
  if * your * children are like that , it 's because you 're a shitty parent . 
  not running out of asian/south asian/southeast asian , african humans any time soon . 
  european humans are a smaller and smaller share of humanity each year . 
  having children without stable families is useless for economic advancement - - c.f. 
  inner city america . 
   many younger americans are iraq war veterans . 
  not really - - almost no americans actually serve in the military . 
  the percentage of people who were veterans of that conflict during its peak was miniscule . 
  their share of the current 18-30 population * now * is even smaller .
