  wanting to join the eu is n't enough for anyone to lift a finger . 
  signing accords with the us and russia on the often trumpeted nuclear non-proliferation objective is n't enough for america to contribute plate-carrier clad riflemen . 
  germany and france , as the two biggest defense/economic partners on the continent are doing what exactly in response to russia 's aggression ? 
  i believe there still is n't a final decision on the mistral carriers , and germany 's military is n't exactly legendary anymore - - and a quarter of their energy imports are from russia . 
  * putin is pushing at the edges of the paperworks of civilization and post-war peace , because he is asserting a new russian dominance . 
  * * he is calling into question what it really means for there to be an eu , what it really means for there to be a unsc , what it really means for there to be a nato * , because in his calculation , the west much softer than its higher spending and more modern hardware might otherwise imply . 
  that 's why he took crimea with impunity , took eastern ukraine with impunity , and is n't budging on either territory despite sanctions . 
  what kind of post-westphalia order really exists , when we had ww2 , and then the cold war , and then all the struggles in the balkans , and now this mess in ukraine ? 
  i fear we 're reverting to the contest of nations and interests that existed before the pax americana of post-1945 ( or perhaps simply post 1995 ... )  besides , the point seems to be to `` starve them out '' . 
  so what happens if they airdrop supplies ? 
  what happens if they start flying in more troops and supplies and materiel ? 
  is moldova going to launch an sam at a russian federation tupolev ? 
  are they going to scramble jets to take out the fighter/bomber escorts ? 
  i 'm no expert , i have n't trained as us army war college , i have n't done a phd in foreign relations , but i can read the statements and writing and white papers of people who have , outside of the prattling of common journalism , and i am very , very , very worried about what 's going on between russia and the eastern portion of europe . 
  i do n't know what measure of assertiveness is enough , but i do know it all risks open war . 
  dangerous . 
  moldova is still officially neutral , and post-1992 they have n't changed that or done anything like this over the trans-dniestr occupation . 
  given its proximity to the black sea and the ongoing russian federation/ukrainian rebel operations there , and how willing russia was to escalate in abkhazia and southern ossetia when they were faced with opposition from a non-nato ( but nato sympathetic ) party in georgia , i do n't know if this is the wisest move . 
  maybe they 're assuming russia would n't attempt brazen aggression now , and that their off-the-books-warmaking-support types are fully engaged with ensuring eastern ukraine and the crimean peninsula can be taken from ukraine , but still ... . russia was able to invent entire ethnicities and political movements in soviet areas in order to destroy local unity and ensure order would be as it enforced from the late 1800s onwards , and those nations are * still * using cyrillic and having their young migrate to russian cities . 
  now they 've got much more capital and a massive security apparatus . 
  td just seems like totally easy pickings if moldova makes it an issue while russia has so little face to lose . 
  i hope they can encourage the rf 's forces to move out , but ... i do n't think it 's going to go down like that . 
  sorry , we 're trying to import all of latin america at the moment . 
   what the fuck did part of europe get annexed by alabama ? 
  the spaniards might have a halfway decent space program then . 
  sure it was , all europeans settling the new world committed genocide ( just the spanish had a system of ethnic based slavery to go along with it ) . 
  then the us when it existed was pretty shitty to them for a century and a half afterwards , and we 're still not a perfectly harmonious racially equitable society . 
  but there 's no continuity between that and the current government in terms of approving those actions , nor does anyone deny what has to be done - - deep service and aid to first americans for what was done to them . 
  that 's what turkey is terrified of because of national pride , probably a good helping of racism/xenophobia/economic concerns . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  why would n't you ? 
  land is the difference between 30 million kurds having no real home and no perpetuity in government or autonomy and 350,000 icelanders being able to build the society they want . 
   because the last deployment of the german military was afghanistan oh , of course - - but does the german government anticipate fighting in such theaters in the future to the point the rifle simply can not be retained ? 
  the overheating is a problem , but is it really * that * large of a problem ? 
  and if so , what 's the procurement strategy be ? 
  and what gets exported ? 
  ~ ~ his ~ ~ her candor is pretty refreshing , if anything . 
  it 's interesting to me because : germany , pre-war , was one of the largest arms builders and exports , and post-war , retained much of its heritage - dwm , krupp , walther , jp sauer/sig , hecker and koch , rheinmetal , luger , etc. 
  a massively innovative and utilitarian group of people , those teutons , when it comes to weapons design . 
  but post-war , germany has actually been for these reasons ( and by dint of its foreign policy not really allowing for military adventurism ) actually quite a prolific arms exporter - - and not just heavy hardware ; light arms , * in particular * rifles . 
  thyssen-krupp , rheinmetal , and kmw are some of the biggest exporters in the world ; apcs , big anti-armor guns ( krupp was * this * close to being like `` xerox '' - machine ) , etc. 
  but h&k has always had success in exporting light arms ; pistols , submachineguns , and rifles . 
  the mp5 for instance is probably the single most prolific pistol caliber carbine in police and military usage worldwide . 
  it 's kind of * the * pistol caliber carbine , and anticipated both the advent of urban combat and `` personal defense weapons '' long before nato pushed for such a standard . 
  it 's just no accident germany is the world 's third largest arms exporter . 
  the last rifle h&k developed which saw mass adoption was this g36 , the post-reunification rifle of the bundeswehr . 
  but this rifle has been plagued with issues for a long , long time ( any other americans here might be quick to bring up the sa80 and how hk saved that , but that 's does n't count ) and those never manifested much in terms of the bund 's decision making for acquiring * or * exporting them . 
  but now , on the heels of [ germany 's export minister saying germany has to greatly tighten up its arms sales ] ( http://www.npr.org/blogs/parallels/2014/09/23/349641603/germanys-new-economy-minister-takes-aim-at-arms-exports ) and the defense minister saying a natively built gun is n't going to continue in service , i wonder what the extent of the distaste is . 
  obviously , germany is n't going to do away with a military - - they 're purchasing leopards and russia is n't being less ridiculous . 
  but i wonder what the nature of german arms development and its export industry is going to be . 
  will issues of efficacy and issues of morality combine to produce a great reduction of the activity at obendorf am neckar ? 
  will germany cede its position and go to number 4 , 5 , or perhaps lower in total sales ? 
  what will the composition of its export targets be ? 
  small arms are n't long term cashflow ( servicing can be done easily , domestically in that nation ) , but they 're good volume sales ( all your troops need a rifle , though they do n't all need a tank ) . 
  furthermore , their use is hard to control . 
  it 's one thing to sell off a main battle tank ; it 's another to quickly box up a set of rifles for cash . 
  i dunno , this is just my musing , but it 's strange to me that germany is talking about problems with desert heat and dust on a rifle whose ( presumably ) main theater of use should be in the defense of germany . 
  if nato does n't go full force for a partner , article 5 is dead and the alliance shattered . 
  then it 'd be no more than a putative eu member state getting invaded and everyone turning a blind eye . 
   just a small thing : a main goal of the military is job creation , just not of the research part of the military . 
  ( at least not as far as i know of ) of the us military ? 
  hardly . 
  we have a tiny portion of our population employed full time by it , and its pay has always been terrible compared to public sector services . 
  the purpose of the us military is to be deployed worldwide to keep markets safe and allies and trade untouchable . 
   i 'm not saying the military funding is useless , just that it could do 80 % of the usefull research with way less funding . 
  effectiveness as a military force is n't a linear function of spending , and research is n't the bulk of the military budget - personnel cost is . 
  furthermore , us military funding of general research is an investment in us supremacy . 
  we do n't care about the cost - we care how well our technology and warfare capacity dominates other nations in the future . 
   i just think that taking a small part of the funding of the military and giving it to the nasa will have a net positive effect . 
  for whom ? 
  nasa exists to explore space - - its fundamental mission is completely intangible . 
  that there are spinoff technologies is a bonus , but not even a unique one . 
  internet and gps did n't come from nasa , for instance . 
   there are a lot of very passionate people working there that do it just for the science . 
  meanwhile at the defense department most high-ups are doing it for other reasons . 
  military funded science research is done at universities . 
  you do n't know how it works - - - most research labs in the us get navy or air force funding and publish their results to the entire world 's public . 
  the military funds it because non-mission critical stuff is fine to publish and science research requires openness . 
  it 's just another , but another * very large * source of grant money . 
  pretending there are idealistic and materially unconnected scientists working without a practical care in the world at nasa , and wage slaves in dod research labs and affiliated universities is silly , not how it works , and clearly what has n't produced the us/everyone else gap in science/tech supremacy . 
  immigrants either add to the labor pool or the welfare line . 
  immigrants either assimilate to your culture , or they change your culture . 
  often , these are each hand in hand . 
  but perhaps for greece , a change of culture is what they need in order to shrink the welfare population and increase the worker population . 
  science research by nature is ineffecient , and not profit motivated . 
  that comes well after establishing first principles and doing basic investigation . 
  the point of the us military is n't job creation , neither is nasa . 
  the point of the military funding research is to ensure us technological dominance in physics , chemistry , biology , and mathematics because those fields have direct application to warfare , and developing robust theory and devices and practical knowledge is crucial to security . 
  the point of nasa is civil exploration of space ( the unstated truth is that there is inherently military interest in space which it complements ) . 
  that it 's technologies are sometimes capable of being released to the general public is a bonus , but also not the point of nasa . 
  nor is job creation the point of public funded research . 
   military spending is a terribly inefficient way to invest into technology innovation . 
  yeah , darpa affiliates , argonne national , livermore , jpl , nsa , picatinny : they just do n't invent anything !, 
  military spending on research includes things like almost every top research university in the us getting grant money from navy/air force to do basic investigations and specific inquiries . 
  it 's why the us crushes everyone in scientific and technological output and dominance . 
  the other way to do it is civil research , which is public sector like nasa , or private sector research meant to move product . 
  outside of petroleum and pharmaceutical ( still heavily supported by public money , often military as well ) , there 's not much that gets done . 
  there are literally differences in statin drugs and bmi indices for different races . 
  the markers of different racial founder populations are found in certain heritable pathologies . 
  race is real , and it 's why white people * do have to put on sunscreen * and why south asians need to be aware of their diets , and why africans have malarial resistance .
