  * i 'm more interested in what someone does . 
  if the government now finally tightens rape laws , all the better . 
  really ? 
  the motives behind the sudden interest in women being sexually assaulted does n't matter ? 
  because along with the government tightening rape laws , they could advance other stuff with the same rhetoric on the basis of those motivations she apparently has n't been interested in for a long time now . 
  * neither * schwarzer or wizorek are `` wrong '' or `` bad '' or `` stupid '' or `` dumb feminists '' in my opinion . 
  both of them are making some really good points , but i think they 're mutually failing to see where the other is precisely right . 
  wizorek - as schwarzer ( kind of dismissively ) points out , is sort of young , and does n't see that she 's refusing to accept that indeed , there are problems with male immigrants , and that these problems ca n't just be handwaved away with `` because patriarchy !, 
  '' , because then you 're interpreting islam to make it fit your ` cultures are all equal ' narrative and chalking up what might be problems of * culture * to * masculinity * ( now just called ` patriarchy ' , and pathologized because some men raped people ) which is a totally different assessment . 
  schwarzer - as wizorek points out , is apparently just going to go ahead of * not take issue * with how forceful and * how suddenly * many political elements have gotten interested and involved in defending those poor delicate women against the leering and grabby foreigners , and become so willing to talk about the lurid picture of public sexual assault , as though their motives do n't matter , insofar as it could be they ( potentially ) do n't give a fuck at all about women , so much as they see them as useful to justify anti-immigrant laws . 
  both of them are clearly really smart , both of them are clearly really invested in gender politics , and tragically , i think both of them are ignoring a really , really important pair of realities that they each hold at least in their own heads separately , which is * probably * the reason they were both invited for this interview . 
  if the british ca n't let vladimir putin get away with murder , what about the eu ? 
  natalist policies to bring the native fertility rate to a growth schedule , and then to incentivize replacement rate levels so the population can go into a steady state with its pension and economic growth demands . 
   their music influenced it but bluegrass itself is most definitely not african in origin , it was a part of the musical tradition brought by the scots , irish and english settlers in appalachia . 
  i agree ; but bluegrass as it exists now is a synchronistic development of lower class whites and blacks occupying much of the same social strata in the country 's history . 
  that 's why blacks influenced it , and not , say , russian jewish immigrants to nyc . 
  there are two groups of people who are basically what define what ` deep ' americana is : the traditions of appalachia , and the traditions of black people . 
  pre and post-civil war , they 've been the two culture forces that more or less made our common culture , even as the post-ww2 period left them behind economically . 
   if the host country 's culture is n't willing to integrate an ethnic group their integration will fail regardless of how willing they are to assimilate . 
  oh yes !, 
  i can only imagine how isolated i would 've been if people had been uniformly racist towards me growing up . 
  luckily , they were n't . 
   i 'm using ghettos more to demonstrate the fact that they are n't integrated into american society , was n't implying that they 're really unsafe or anything . 
  `` ghettos '' has a very specific connotation , though little italy and chinatown simply ca n't be called `` ghettos '' even though they went through periods of much more non-integration than they have now . 
  `` ghetto '' means shit is going really wrong there , just a heads up . 
  think like , dharavi + crime = that 's a ` ghetto ' . 
   they have far greater rates of violence , crime . 
  zero generational wealth , institutionalization and massive overpolicing and generational poverty will do that . 
   lower levels of education . 
  you 're aware that they were prohibited from learning to read when they were owned as humans , and it was only a * century * after we stopped doing that , that we completed the process of them no longer being legally barred from schools ? 
  and that for decades on , public and private institutions were * more * than willing to deny them schooling and funding for school all the same ? 
   pretty much all the things you do n't want an ethnic community to have . 
  yeah , that 's why i do n't think we should import lots of people from the third world . 
  not a reason i doubt the american-ness of my black countrymen . 
  nearly every metric of `` goodness '' and `` fit '' you can think of is one which is acquired over generations of earned wealth and property and community functioning which centuries of literal law and about a half century of social discrimination afterwards have * specifically * denied black people in the us . 
  it 's not like this shit happened arbitrarily . 
   i was n't really aware that there were significant marathi ghettos anywhere in the world well , it 's hardly like the indians / `` more indian than american '' americans who populate certain parts of new jersey and nyc have made them ghettos . 
  they 're safe , economically vibrant areas . 
  i just do n't feel like they 're very american in character . 
   to the best of my knowledge , even statistically , the largest indian communities ( and therefore probably also the most segregated ones ) are tamil , punjabi , gujarati and telugu ones oh * overwhelmingly * , for sure . 
   whereabouts is this ? 
  new jersey ? 
  california ? 
  california got all the telegus and bengalis and tamilians jersey has a * lot * of them , too , but i feel like there are more north indians . 
  i 'm specifically referring to edison , nj fwiw, 
  black americans are entirely assimilated . 
  furthermore , they 're not just `` assimilated '' into american culture , a huge degree of american culture as it differs from australian or new zealand or canadian culture * derives from them * . 
  whether or not , following a * century * worth of slavery before our nation 's first battles for independence , and nearly a century after that , and then * another * century before they were allowed to even * vote * and go to the same schools - - ( and the subsequent half century has n't exactly been great ) they happen to have exactly the same socioeconomic opportunities as everyone else is n't part of whether they 're americans or not . 
  can you imagine an america without bluegrass ? 
  blues ? 
  rock and roll ? 
  jazz ? 
  yeah , me , neither . 
   immigrants might self-segregate but america is fantastic at integrating the children of immigrants . 
  that 's because until 1965 we had harsh limits on immigration from the 1790s and onward which always deeply limited the quantity/quality of foreign elements in the country , meaning that it was always more like adding a few strawberries to the banana milkshake , and never finding ourselves in the situation of having a mostly strawberry milkshake with just a hint of banana remaining . 
   aside from the amish and the hasidim , what truly multi-generational isolated communities are there in america ? 
  asian communities , latino ones , indian ones . 
  when i visit places like edison or iselin , new jersey sometimes i feel like i 'm stepping into india . 
  i end up speaking hindi more often with shopkeepers than i do english , and occasionally some marathi . 
  it 's ** very ** unusual , and i do n't think it 's good . 
  i personally like what my family did , which was to move somewhere with almost no other indians , and yet make sure their kids were * very * much steeped in the language and culture and heritage traditions . 
  i will be able to teach my children how to make kichidi and raita and saag paneer from scratch , and what the prayers and philosophy of our religion means when they chant in sanskrit . 
  but i 'll be damned if they are n't gon na be americans . 
  the idea of this nation having its background culture usurped by any other or else diluted in public life is one that causes me consternation , to say the least . 
  i can see that being reasonable , but the tricky thing is : if someone has a right to abort , do they have a right to force anyone to bother helping them do it ? 
  requiring hospitals to hire and host doctors who perform abortion is still pretty much : `` hey you !, 
  adopt * my * morality ! '', 
  where a hospital group that simply elects * not * to hire is n't committing any act of restriction . 
  the way the us does it ( in part ) , where for profit clinics can be opened by physicians who are willing to perform those services , unconstrained by any institutional/personnel problems , so long as they are lawful , is the way to do it . 
  no physician should be forced to perform an abortion anymore than they should be forced to be the one removing a patient from life support . 
  simply put , no one has complete agreement on what constitutes morality , or even medical ` death ' or ` life ' . 
  there 's no settled point at which all medical professionals and authorities are willing to say `` medical ethics means you ca n't use this for experimentation , it 's immoral '' - the standards are different . 
  that 's just one area : abortion , end of life procedure , stem cell use , euthanasia , etc. 
  ultimately any kind of ` inteventionary ' measure is there because we want to save or better , a human beings ' life . 
  that 's the whole point of it all . 
  so * naturally * if a medical care provider feels that in doing so they are unjustifiable doing * harm * and not actually healing , there 's going to be conflict . 
  once someone refuses to accept that some people can view a developing human as having rights larger in scope than a pregnant woman and that some people can view it as * not * having rights before the pregnant woman , or else fails to see that this is fundamentally a values question , they 're just going to talk in circles of agreement with people they agree with and disagreement with people they disagree with . 
  same thing in the us - except for our massive foreign immigration ( legal and otherwise ) after 1965 and then 1986 , especially from latin america . 
  for us , it will be a little more obvious because we 'll go from a `` white '' ( even when we anthropologically changed what that meant to just be skin color ) nation to a decidedly `` minority-majority '' one - and in the west and south west , a latino majority nation . 
  countries like germany will simply have a sub 50 million ( maybe less ) cohort of ` german ' germans , and in a century ? 
  two centuries ? 
  who knows . 
  i 'm not hispanic , but i am a ( progressively ) better and better spanish speaker , so i do n't mind . 
  the baby boomers were never going to be a demographically * normal * trend , but following the sexual revolution and the work revolution of women ( via the pill , and greater career participation ) , along with the normalization of abortion in the western world , and ` no-fault ' style divorce laws : marrying young , starting a family , and doing the work of building wealth and hearth is simply * abnormal and undesirable * . 
  you ca n't have `` fun '' in the way it is prescribed by consumer culture to have fun from 18-35 if you get married in your early 20s and have a kid or two by the end of your 20s . 
  even if you kept technological and social changes around how the west does sex and pregnancy the same , practically speaking , you simply could n't have that many partners , or responsibly raise kids , if you were getting married and living in a single home and not travelling for what is now a effectively ubiquitous `` away from home , but not in the workforce '' experience of university . 
  this is particularly acute for women ; men have * long * been ` away ' to undergo whatever kind of social ritual or trial of necessity that their culture tells them to do before they 're worthy . 
  whether it 's a rumspringa or a bramhachari 's pilgramage , the spartan 's making certain youth leave their agoge to slaughter insurrectionist helots during crypteia , american boy scouts learning how to tie knots and lifeguard , going to fight a war , toiling in the fields etc. 
  male roles have always been those of ` outside doership ' ; outside the home , outside the country . 
  female roles have always been ` inside doership ' ; in the home , in the country . 
  the west for better or worse ( i think both in a lot of different areas ) has impartially , by technological and social means , broken a lot of this down , intentionally and unintentionally . 
  this was all not so much a problem for a long time , but it * is now * because demographic realities that do n't care about bottom lines just as evolutionary ones do n't care about social change ( their timescale is so much longer ! ), 
  are starting to bite governments in the ass . 
  what happens when your proportion of retirees to workers goes from 8 to 1 to * 3 * to one ? 
  what happens when all the older people are working longer because their kids are in school ( for programs of study which are dubiously fit to job demands , though socially , unavoidable ) for longer ? 
  when they do n't retire and there are simply fewer * advancement * slots for current middle management , and thus - outside of profit/loss - way less incentive for hiring ? 
  what happens when your nation 's once easy flow of credit in consumer markets contracts , not only because younger people earn less , but there are just * absolutely fewer people to spend money ? 
  * what happens when your workforce is almost entirely lettered and none of them want to do manual labor ? 
  what happens when almost all young women regard the idea of staying at home raising multiple children as a * prison * , a physical and * moral * prison ? 
  what happens ?
