  ^ which is the point of cursive writing . 
  a lot of instruction confuses cursive with near calligraphic styles . 
  the point is to give someone the ability to write legibly , quickly , and professionally for their own studies and communications . 
  has no benefit * yet * . 
  no matter what : for the west , reliance on petroleum is directly tied to reliance on russia and reliance on the middle east , either for overland or sea-shipped energy , which complicates all of their foreign policy choices and solidarity in dealing with those actors who are often hostile to the west . 
  lessening the dependence on their energy export is a good move , even if it only ever becomes true that certain critical economic operations and industry simply have seasonally cheaper energy prices to deal with because consumer use of petroleum is n't swallowing up so much . 
  ^ unfortunately , whether or not something actually exists in the constitution is no longer a test for whether it is or is n't guaranteed or prohibited or not authorized by the constitution . 
  for a very long time , people refused to accept that there was a right to keep and bear arms despite our second amendment , and apparently , there is a basic constitutional guarantee to healthcare insurance resulting from the taxing power . 
  it worries me a lot . 
  what happens if russia attacks you guys ? 
  or the poles . 
  how ambiguous is article 5 ? 
  what inaction could be argued for there ? 
  i 've no doubt american armor and mechanized/airborne infantry will be sent immediately if you guys have open aggression agaidnt your territorial sovereignty ... but will they be going alone ? 
  * for sure * will there be germans and french and dutch with us ? 
  turks ? 
  definitely ? 
  and if they come to the party , will they be able to stay all night ? 
  that it even came to this ought trouble us . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2013/07/12/tech/social-media/facebook-jailed-teen/ worse has happened , but that case seemed especially orwellian to me , because of the `` benevolence '' angle of public safety and state-supplanting of parenthood , in the context of firearms culture . 
  oh for sure - - but it started back in obama 's first term with north korea . 
  he would n't take a hardline on them after their nuclear tests , nor would he on iran ( even during the green revolution ) because he did n't want to pursue the foreign policy positions of the previous administration wrt to nkorea and iran as examples of se asia and central asian residual threats . 
  so he pussied out on them , and everyone 's been taking advantage of it since . 
  no , we 're starting to pussify our legal traditions to be more like europe , too . 
   there was significant support among the population . 
  because of the legacy of the holodomor . 
  if east germany had had millions and millions of ethnically german people starve to death , with the ussr shipping in ethnic russians , making russian language education mandatory for those germans left behind , penalizing people who refused to learn and opted for german-use in their businesses and public life , etc. 
  over a period of decades , and then russia eventually said `` lol , let 's put it to a vote '' , it 's not just konigsberg to kaliningrad that would 've happened . 
  same thing with georgia - - it 's not like south ossetia and abkhazia * always * had such low populations of georgian speaking people ... 
  with the ussr 's breakup , ukraine inherited about 1/3 of its nuclear arsenal - - icbms , launch facilities , warheads , hardened long range bombers . 
  obviously , this freaked the fuck out of everyone , because they were now this tiny sovereign nation removed from all the old agreements with enough nuclear firepower to fuck up anyone 's shit at the drop of an ushanka . 
  so the budapest memorandum was signed : in return for ukraine giving up its nuclear weapons ( repatriating them and all attendant mechanisms and launch vehicles and platforms to russia ) : ______________________________________ * 1 : the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america reaffirm their commitment to ukraine , in accordance with the principles of the final act of the conference on security and cooperation in europe , to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of ukraine . 
  * 2 : the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine , and that none of their weapons will ever be used against ukraine except in self-defence or otherwise in accordance with the charter of the united nations . 
  * 3 : the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america reaffirm their commitment to ukraine , in accordance with the principles of the final act of the conference on security and cooperation in europe , to refrain from economic coercion designed to subordinate to their own interest the exercise by ukraine of the rights inherent in its sovereignty and thus to secure advantages of any kind . 
  * 4 : the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america reaffirm their commitment to seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine , as a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , if ukraine should become a victim of [ 4 ] an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used . 
  * 5 : the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america reaffirm , in the case of ukraine , their commitment not to use nuclear weapons against any non-nuclearweapon state party to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , except in the case of an attack on themselves , their territories or dependent territories , their armed forces , or their allies , by such a state in association or alliance with a nuclear-weapon state . 
  * 6 : ukraine , the russian federation , the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the united states of america will consult in the event a situation arises that raises a question concerning these commitments _____________________________________________________ the ukrainians signed this agreement in good faith , and went from being perhaps the third or fourth most powerful nuclear armed nation on the planet , to a disarmed one relying on a conventional segment of the former soviet military , and an economy in tatters . 
  poroshenko is calling out the west with this request . 
  he 's shaming them : you could n't even protect us when we gave up the single most powerful martial bargaining chip a nation can have - - at least give us some means to defend our land from russian tanks . 
  * so what i 'm saying * is that any leadership in any nuclear armed and non-treaty signatory nation , and any close to nuclear nation can just look at this - - - - look at a treaty that eventually had ** all ** members of the unsc agreeing to non-violence for the sake of nuclear non-proliferation , and see that : 1 ) conventional military action in the 21st century is an option for larger powers to destroy smaller ones 2 ) nations that pledged to have your back , unless they 've done so with specific military guarantees , will leave you to have your shit wrecked by those larger powers if you 're in a conflict with them 3 ) no one fucks with north korea , despite all they do . 
  no one fucks with pakistan , despite all they do . 
  everyone knows israel has a nuke , and no one can really fuck with them either . 
  4 ) ukraine clearly got fucked there 's literally no more argument for nuclear non-proliferation , firstly because putin decided to go to war against ukraine , and then because the west was collectively dickless in preventing it from continuing . 
  pakistan has rather non-clandestinely attacked india for decades now by sponsoring cross border and even infiltration attacks , despite both being nuclear , violations of the loc , all that . 
  they will never , ever , ever provide arms/equipment and support en masse to kashmiri/punjabi separatists who are sympathetic to joining pakistan , as in the donbass . 
  they wo n't do that and attempt an annexation like in crimea , either , because the indian army is strong enough to repel that , and any further escalation risks nuclear weapons detonating over islamabad . 
  ukraine had the second part of the puzzle in place as a deterrent against something like crimea , and gave that up . 
  as for the first ? 
  i think there would 've been some sort of terrorism in the donbass area sponsored by russia , nothing as big as this , but it still would 've happened if ukraine were nuclear and yanukovich tossed out . 
  nothing like crimea , though . 
  that was blatantly russian federation troops annexing a foreign nation 's territory . 
  iran is going to do everything it can to develop a nuke . 
  pakistan and israel and india and china have nukes , all with their own inter - and intra-tensions that iran is party to , either directly or via their hostilities to a hostile/friendly power . 
  there 's not a chance they and the saudis do n't try getting them . 
  this conflict is tragic ; not only for all the lives lost - - but nuclear non-proliferation is dead . 
  russia 's invasion and the west 's pathetic inaction have killed it . 
  why would * any * sovereign nation give up its nukes now ? 
  why would * any * sovereign nation with hostile neighbors not seek to develop nukes now ? 
  not even the us and south korea can ever pro-actively take action against north korea , even if china were n't to support them . 
  not even all the paperworks of nato and possible eu membership and international memorandums can save ukraine from russia . 
  they gave up their nukes . 
  right , but at least shady people whose institutional expertise is n't with organized crime alone , but the russian energy and defense architecture . 
  imagine if we could simply have , ready for debriefing meetings with the us state and energy departments , dod , british consulate and mod , all those gazprom and lukoil and rosneft upper echelons who have billions and hundreds of millions at stake and their family 's futures to worry about , all those mvd and fsb chiefs who are looking forward to their pensions and dachas and who know the extent of the retribution they 'd face if they stayed in russia . 
  give them all a financial and lifestyle out here in the west , in exchange for their knowledge . 
  bankrupting putin of his nation 's finances is all well and good , but i think the west should aggressively take away his ability and the russian state 's ability to have institutions of power and trust . 
  concurrent with sanctions , we should start offering putin 's closest allies time limited opportunities to liquidate their non-currency holdings and move into our cities . 
  permanent residence status for them and their families , offers of consulting station with our energy and defense interests as best they can be useful . 
  if russians are going to snap up london and nyc apartments as insurance , why not have them be high level defectors instead of shadier people . 
  take down all their soviet bullshit and offer them a chance to trade back for it before it 's melted down for scrap . 
   turkey is too valuable for the usa . 
  look at how many troops turkey commits to nato . 
  look at where they 're located . 
  look at * their * economic situation . 
  european nations have dropped the ball on the partnership in so many ways , and from the 50s onwards , turkeys 's proximity to the caucasus , russia , and the middle east has been recognized as having huge strategic value . 
  it 's not like now is the first time the bosporous has been important . 
  i get the georgians are outside the slavic language spectrum , they 're not even indo-european ... but it 's not like the hungarians or the finns are , either . 
  i think almost the entire country practices orthodox christianity , and as far as i can tell , it 's not like their culture in the cities is any different from other european capitals . 
  is it culture that does it for you , or geography ? 
  and is that geographical boundary informed by cultural or historical or ethnic differences ? 
  the former yugoslavia often gets conflated with the eastern block , ( with the warsaw pact , and with the soviet union ) here in the states - - is it possible that 's sort of the same thing you 're doing to them ? 
  only because we 'd end up getting a bunch of their quebecers linking up with our cajuns . 
    the information was given to the german press agency by a high-level security official in the somali capital on tuesday . 
    the official , who wished to remain anonymous , said that the bomber held german and somali citizenship . 
  yep ... it 's not the small crime the government cares about ... 
  yeah , but obviously a russian , then a native siberian , a sephardim and then a khazar israeli , a kashmiri and a tamil , a han chinese , and a korean all have their place in some geography of `` asia '' . 
  but it makes more sense to start splitting them up with middle east and south asia and far east and the like , because there 's such a bewildering array of diversity . 
  clearly a peruvian and a manitoban are from the american hemisphere and all , but , come on . 
  they 're not adequately called `` americans '' , even if that never became the metonym for us people . 
  just curious , are ukraine and georgia not part of europe ? 
  sooner or later , their european-ness will have to be evaluated as well . 
   what have they done for us since ww2 that has helped us ? 
  dragged us into iraq , libya , afghanistan , syria ... so nice of them ... yeah , all that irish security commitment to nato peacekeeping ... 
  the us subsidizes the entire martial apparatus of europe and southeast asia in addition to its own hemisphere so that modern trade in the volume it happens is possible . 
  for 70 years , the west , including ireland , has enjoyed an orgy of economic activity and development literally bought for them by several rounds of economic assistance and perma-security against any small or large infringement against its economic order . 
  look at what western europe was reduced to at the end of ww2 , and what the east had happen to it . 
  not so different . 
  now look at the fates of marshall plan recipients and us aligned polities with the fates of those who were n't under that roof , and had to deal with the soviet union/warsaw pact . 
  only india and china have managed to win futures for their people without massive economic and security assistance from the us , and that 's by dint of having billions of people . 
  enjoy your internet and technological devices , low borrowing costs , total non-necessity to dedicate money to fighter jets and submarines and missile systems , and the assurance that goods and raw materials can be traded without any risk , and credit extended without worry of political instability . 
  you live in the west , and you live like a king compared to the reality of non-western existence .
