   sucks having all these hard working people who commit far fewer crimes than citizens born here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illegal_immigration_to_the_united_states#crimes_committed_by_illegal_immigrants it 's more complicated than that . 
  fbi estimates between 18th street and ms13 , in total some 60 thousand gang members in the us are nearly * all * illegal immigrants . 
  it 's one thing for the us to have in its own population , native born persons who are criminal . 
  it 's quite another to have tens , dozens of thousands of foreigners illegally coming here and further straining law enforcement resources . 
  `` yeah , we 'll get married , babe '' poland 's doing it right . 
  it 's issuance of new currency in an attempt to keep injecting some liquidity ( not backed by real production ) to the economy that results in that . 
  that 's why quantitative easing in the united states does n't result in trillion dollar bills like they have in zimbabwe ; we also have a huge amount of output and private activity backing up the public issuance of debt instruments from simple currency to treasury bonds . 
  greece will have austerity and no inflation with a euro package of mandated reforms and liquid cash from the ecb , or a more painful austerity with drachmas and their economy being totally uncompetitive in basic production ( i do n't think they have an automotive sector outside of namco ) , * but * super competitive in tourism ( which is effectively foreign capital investment in hospitality industries ) , * or * they could go really full retard and attempt no austerity with their drachmas , the government could keep issuing debt in order to borrow from the future and invite hyperinflation . 
   why would nato accept a member that 's in a conflict with russia ? 
  1 ) further forward location for air sortie launches and missile deployment , especially with regards to russia , but oriented towards other nato interest areas as well . 
  2 ) combat seasoned troops who have first hand experience with current real-world russian offensive doctrine and capabilities . 
  3 ) a political apparatus that understands very acutely the possible consequences of security failure as it has already happened . 
  4 ) a much larger consequence to continued russian aggression against that prospective member nation , possibly deterring future aggression . 
  there 's plenty of reason for the us , carrying nato to have wanted georgia to join . 
  germany and france pussied out because of their energy dependence and their ultimate desire to not rock the boat to much while their security is permanently subsidized and they get to have no real responsibilities to the eastern nations of nato who stand to lose the most . 
  it ought be fucking shameful to them that the german and french character can not provide what estonian politicians and service members can . 
  it 's not like estonia has had any of the advantages they 've enjoyed over the past decades and continue to enjoy . 
   in a federal state , there would also be implicit correction mechanisms ** only ** if you have a legal framework constituting the federal state that explicitly limits its powers and even then , looking at us court history of the 9th and 10th amendment of our constitution , the federal governance will * still * likely grow stronger than the constituent members if its allowed to . 
  there 's still no european union constitution , though there is a legislative body , and there 's no * real * framework of federal supremacy and limitation for the union to work in . 
  that 's why there is this present dysfunction ; you guys are at a quasi articles of confederation stage . 
  major news networks are diversified enough that they can pretty much drive ad revenue however they want , and are n't just on the internet/print . 
  cnn is never going to be paywalled for instance , it wants to be as pervasive as possible . 
  but high quality journalism sites are learning that people * will * pay for their perspective ; financial times , wsj , the economist , etc. 
  all have different levels of hardness in their paywalling . 
  the new york times started doing it in 2011 and they just did n't let up - - there were changes , but the lead the way in showing people * will * pay for quality even in a medium where access is instant and broad . 
  ahhhhhh , okay that sounds much closer to our system of government sponsored entity banks ' appointment . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
  i get that , it just seems strange it 's manually switched and not an appointment-confirmation process the parties have to come to an agreement on . 
  i suppose the german way is faster , though . 
  the only sadder situation is financial times . 
  they have really great articles too , but it 's not as easy to get around . 
  i had a subscription to both , but it makes link such a hassle . 
  because it would be harder than killing him , and that 's what the greek people need . 
  some difficult , onerous , character building w\u00f6rk . 
  ... why ? 
  and what 's the distinction between their posts ? 
  [ right back at you , ya handsome bastard ] ( http://img.rt.com/files/news/20/eb/70/00/us-romania-groundbreaking-abm.si.jpg ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ romania = missileshieldbros, 
  i believe a union will mean economic prosperity , but i believe a trade group * and * the avoidance of war are possible without a political union . 
  still it is so terrifically ambitious and bold . 
  i hope it can succeed if only so we have a gdp rival . 
  indeed , `` mind your own business ! '', 
  cuts both ways . 
  yet in a lot of ways , our union was natural - - same language , same religion ( more or less ; flavors of christianity ) , same founding history . 
  differences in culture and economic modes , for sure , but that gave way with war ( at least in terms of possible resistance ) . 
  the confederacy was hardly less `` american '' than the union . 
  ignoring all the racism ; what 's `` european '' in this context ? 
  and if greeks are european , and germans are european , and poles and portuguese are european , are they * equivalently * `` european '' like csa soldiers from the commonwealth of virginia were with backcountry union soldiers from commonwealth of pennsylvania ? 
  and is there to be a commonwealth of europe , just as there was with the american states and the british union before it ? 
  these are awkward questions , perhaps , but while i see the comparisons to be drawn to our nation , i do n't see anything but painful reconciliation and mutual surrender , or embittered withdrawal for `` europe '' going forward . 
  in case you 're paywalled : fuck da police athens -- europe 's ultimatum to greece , demanding full capitulation as the price of any new bailout , marks the failure of a rebellion by a small , debt-ridden country against its lenders ' austerity policies , after germany flexed its muscles and offered athens a choice between obeisance or destruction . 
  sunday 's statement on greece by eurozone finance ministers will go down as one of the most brutal diplomatic d\u00e9marches in the history of the european union , a bloc built to foster peace and harmony that is now publicly threatening one of its own with ruination unless it surrenders . 
  the weekend 's power play also highlights the cracks among greece 's creditors -- especially germany and the international monetary fund -- as the cost of keeping greece in the euro spirals out of control . 
  the imf has urged europe to give greece some debt relief , something berlin has opposed . 
  part of the reason for germany 's hard line now is that maximally tough austerity in greece could reduce imf pressure to write off greek loans . 
  the other 18 euro members were late sunday pushing greece to implement all of the austerity measures and broader economic overhauls its voters have twice rejected -- in elections in january and in a referendum on july 5 -- not in return for new rescue loans , but as a precondition for even talking about them . 
  the greek government of left-wing prime minister alexis tsipras , which has spent all year trying to challenge europe 's bailout policies , has ended up a near-powerless pariah in europe -- even though mr. tsipras is politically dominant inside greece . 
  its only remaining option for disobedience -- to default and leave the euro -- would satisfy rather than horrify many of its european critics , led by german finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  the fall of the tsipras government under the creditors ' heavy pressure would please many european policy makers . 
  in berlin and other northern european capitals , officials have made little secret of their view they ca n't trust mr. tsipras to deliver his side of a bailout deal , even if he were to sign one . 
  but most officials know that mr. tsipras 's fall after only six months would raise awkward questions about the scope for democracy in an eu that presents itself as a beacon of popular sovereignty for the world . 
  greece has n't complied with creditors ' demands yet . 
  but its only alternative appears to be the gamble of a euro exit , which most greeks fear would bring worse economic devastation . 
  in the end , the telling factor in the standoff may be that greeks fear their country 's exit from the euro more than germany does . 
  that gives berlin the stronger hand to impose its austerity-and-reforms prescription . 
  the demands from the so-called `` eurogroup '' of finance ministers range from handing greek public assets to a fund in luxembourg to auction off to giving international technocrats powers to approve or veto draft laws in athens . 
  `` the eurogroup is pushing tsipras to effectively hand over the keys to the country ; he may have neither the will nor the authority to do so , opting to walk out and resign instead , '' wolf piccoli , managing director of political-risk consultancy teneo intelligence , wrote in a research note sunday . 
  behind europe 's show of force lie three main factors : fury at mr. tsipras 's delay tactics , shock at the rising cost of any and all greek scenarios , and a worsening clash between german-led europe and the imf . 
  since his election in january , mr. tsipras has oscillated between his hard-line and pragmatic advisers , greek officials say . 
  the pragmatists urged him to sign a bailout deal early , even if it meant accepting politically hard-to-sell austerity measures , because the terms of any deal would get tougher as the months passed and greece 's economy deteriorated . 
  nonsense , argued others such as now-ousted finance minister yanis varoufakis : greece would get the best bailout terms , including less austerity and more debt relief , if it waited until the last moment before debt default . 
  europe would get scared of the destabilizing fallout from a greek euro exit , this camp argued . 
  mr. tsipras went with the second school of thought , figuring also that his left-wing syriza party would only swallow a bailout deal involving austerity if the alternative were imminent economic meltdown . 
  for months , mr. tsipras saw to it that europe 's normal channels for negotiating bailout terms -- the eurogroup , and teams of eu-imf inspectors -- were paralyzed . 
  he instead bet on face-to-face talks with german chancellor angela merkel , believing that she would make a fundamentally political decision to keep europe united , even at the expense of german economic orthodoxy . 
  it proved an epic miscalculation . 
  backed into a corner by mr. tsipras 's referendum , in which greeks overwhelmingly rejected their creditors ' austerity demands , ms. merkel hardened her line . 
  a deal with athens that let greece off tough economic reforms would be worse for europe and splintering the eurozone , she argued . 
  ms. merkel 's openness to greek euro exit -- an outcome she had previously resisted as too hard to calculate or control -- has allowed her finance chief , mr. sch\u00e4uble , free rein . 
  long convinced that greek politicians simply are n't up to running their country well enough to be a euro member , mr. sch\u00e4uble stunned greece on saturday by proposing that the country take a five-year `` timeout '' from the common currency . 
  official europe , it appears -- at least this weekend -- can play chicken better than mr. tsipras . 
  germany , once provoked , has proved more willing than mr. tsipras expected to contemplate a greek euro exit , or `` grexit . '' that makes the eurozone 's german-inspired ultimatum more credible than syriza 's implicit threat of euro exit -- which mr. tsipras knows his nation overwhelmingly fears . 
  yet the weekend 's unequal test of strength in brussels ca n't be counted as a simple victory for germany and its eurozone allies . 
  ms. merkel wanted to lend greece money while it overhauled itself , and to get the money back in a reasonable time . 
  now the cost of keeping greece afloat in the euro is reaching a multiple of what ms. merkel originally expected . 
  not only does greece need as much as $ 86 billion more in financing , but the european part of the roughly $ 216 billion in funding that greece has received so far needs restructuring . 
  regardless of whether the german stance prevails , ms. merkel also faces one of the deepest political crises of her decadelong tenure . 
  her coalition partner , the left-of-center social democrats , has criticized her for being prepared to kick greece out of the euro . 
  meanwhile , many of her conservatives are balking at any further aid for greece at all . 
  how much restructuring is the subject of tug of war between the imf and german-led europe . 
  the imf insists that comprehensive debt relief is needed to make greece solvent again , such is the damage that the recent weeks ' events have done to the country 's economy and banking system . 
  the germans insist outright debt forgiveness is unacceptable to them and illegal among eu nations . 
  the imf says that the less debt relief greece gets from europe , the harsher the terms of greece 's overhauls-and-austerity program have to be . 
  greek taxpayers have to carry the full cost of repairing the country 's solvency if germany and the rest of the eurozone wo n't . 
  ms. merkel needs to keep the imf on board to sell further aid for greece to her increasingly skeptical parliament . 
  that -- as well as her finance minister 's anger at greek politicians -- is why the chancellor is now tightening the screws on mr. tsipras . 
   what 's left wing about free trade zones , austerity , and privatization ? 
  individual actors being forced to adopt policies beneficial to the group is the core of collectivist ideology . 
  that it can happen with individual persons or nations does n't change much ; that 's the frame in which the eu 's federation is `` left wing '' . 
   no taxation without representation .
