  let him do something brash . 
  his nation 's economy will keep failing to perform , and on both ends of oligarchical wealth and the common man , the federation 's hurt currency , poor trade , dim future prospects and lowered standard of life , etc will eventually lead to a shaking of faith - in the average russian ( particularly the youth whom he must count on to be ideological vanguards of nationalist sentiment while he 's busy rehabilitating the strong men of the past they 're least likely to remember in any way ) as they see more and more of the world eclipse them , and in the oligarch as they see more and more reason to store their wealth and plan their future elsewhere to maintain their position and lifestyle for themselves and their family . 
  much more so than nato cooperation , the nations of the eu need to sign on to really harsh sanctions coupled with a constant diplomatic offer for good faith negotiations over ukraine - not tying syria into it , not tying other demands : just the european security issue of ukraine/russian actions . 
  what putin fears is the us backing ` color ' revolutions and leveraging existing dissent first in the ` satellites ' of russia and then regionally in russia and then against putin himself - - to give the impression of organic and respectable non-democratic regime change that happens to align with us foreign policy . 
  his ultimate worry is that it 's possible the us has moved from its latin american methods ( cf. 
  bay of pigs , school of the americas , etc. ), 
  to a perfected version of proxy change - where it was * really * us stoking the anti-yanukovich sentiment in the maidan , where it was * really * us getting back at him for yuschenko and tymoschenko , and * really * us pulling the strings wherever russian supremacy is fading . 
  i would n't be surprised if he thought gwb was egging the goergians on to ` take ' south ossetia and abkhazia and it was only by calling their bluff that the brave ru fed . 
  was able to protect the people there , and all that nonsense . 
  that 's why he annexed crimea and eastern ukraine - his only move was to kill people in response to what he saw as the west/us stealing a friendly governments control of a nation he ultimately views as part and parcel of the russian peoples ` proper ' territory . 
  i 'm not going to godwin this whole thread and draw * that * comparison , but if it was ever part of the ussr or had people of the kievan rus ' living on it , putin thinks it should operate as de facto federation territory in political and economic means . 
  he upped the ante and said `` they want to join the eu ? 
  let 's see what how much the ` union ' matters '' . 
  same reason he fucks with smaller nations like the baltic states . 
  `` oh , you 're part of the * north atlantic * military alliance ? 
  let 's see how much that defense * treaty * matters '' . 
  he 's pushing at the paperworks and trying to show weakness in comparison to his strength . 
  on nato , what the fuck ever . 
  the whole resolve/dragoon ride deal was a photo-op showing putin how chill former warsaw pact nation 's people are with us troops on the one hand and a veiled `` look how fast we can get armored columns and infantry support here , asshole '' on the other . 
  he wo n't do shit to lithuania or estonia or latvia or lithuania or romania or poland , etc because he knows the score . 
  he probably knows he ca n't do shit to turkey now , either . 
  so , nato cooperation is fine . 
  moldovan , georgian , and ukrainian involvement with nato being stepped up is a good thing . 
  much more important though , will be if the eu can join in with the us , and actually * take the lead * on harsh and harsher economic sanctions so that it becomes a european ( not american : putin is paranoid ) effort to tighten the thumbscrews and encourage great dissatisfaction with him at home in all quarters unless he cooperates with a peaceful european agenda . 
  his desire to protect his own position needs to run up against the cooperation of the common russian and the ultra wealthy of russia , and his power needs to be thus tied to his willingness to stop his bullshit with european nations , and the only way to do that is economic pressure because frankly the only other option would be a brutal and risky war . 
  yeah , but if your wife is hot and you enjoy kids and can apparently support ( ! ), 
  eight ( ! ), 
  of them ... 
  i mean , i guess good for him . 
   i am still a bit shell-shocked with this and would n't know how to deal with fatherhood at this stage in life with a girl i do n't really know and do n't love . 
  wear a condom next time and have day after pills ready for her if you 're not with a girl whom you know is on regular chemical birth control . 
  now they have to ( struggle with the decision to ) abort a baby developing from both of your genes . 
  condoms + bc , condoms + bc , condoms + bc every time , use them correctly , and this situation is * incredibly * unlikely to happen . 
   and to look at it from the man 's perspective , in your paradigm he did n't consent to impregnating the woman . 
  he , however , has no say on whether the child will be carried to term or , thereafter , whether he has to support the child . 
   i will admit that this is an unfair situation , though . 
  unless people who are pro-choice are also going to lead the way on child support no longer being compulsory , there 's no way to take them seriously when they bang on about how responsibility is a social construct or whatever else . 
   a healthy pregnancy is still a foreign genetic material contaminant in a woman 's body . 
  a contaminant ? 
  lead is a contaminant . 
  evolution did n't produce multicellular reproduction as an accident . 
  pregnancy is simply not a biological pathology , no matter how much you wish it is so . 
   the body reacts to it with a immunized response not unlike other foreign pathogens . 
   not unlike other foreign pathogens . 
   not unlike and * very much * unlike foreign pathogens , it is * literally * the way multicellular organisms reproduce and how life is sustained on the planet and has been long before humans as we know it even existed . 
  your reasoning is garbarge . 
   you 're the one who want to deem 2 conjoined stem-cells as a living human being . 
  ** two conjoined _ stem _ cells ? 
  ** * go look up what a stem cell is , what zygotes are , what haploid and diploid mean , and how genomes are transcribed * you keep mixing up * basic biological * terms , you keep demonstrating profound ignorance of * rudimentary * cell biology . 
  it 's astounding . 
  they literally tried to excuse abortion by excusing drunk driving : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3wuaav/nearly_25000_irish_women_went_to_britain_for/cy04drd  having casual sex is not illegal and drinking and driving are not illegal , either . 
  the wanker you 're talking to is on about how `` unjust '' it would be if someone who drove drunk had to be in anyway responsible for putting another person in a situation where their injuries were life threatening . 
  complete abdication of responsibility . 
   whether the fetus lives or dies is up to the mother as long as the baby remains inside of her . 
  wait , so what magically changes when it 's no longer inside her ? 
  and during the delivery , how much of it has to be outside her for her to no longer have the right to kill it ? 
   here 's a thought experiment :  you drive drunk and accidentally run over your twin . 
  no , i as an adult make the choice to commit the crime of drink driving , and then severely injure someone . 
   for bizarre genetic reasons you are the only person in the world that can donate a liver lobe to save your twin 's life . 
  or anyone 's , i 'll make the situation even more generous . 
   so , do you think the government has the right to coerce you or forcibly extract a lobe from your liver to save your twin 's life ? 
  i 'd volunteer my liver , and furthermore , yes . 
  ____________ if someone hit me with their car while they were drunk driving and the only way i 'd even live is if they forcibly had part of their liver donated to me , i 'd be all for them having to undergo the procedure . 
  my misfortune is entirely their fucking fault . 
  your thought experiment is precisely the sort of situation in which my reasoning stands unchanged and consistent , i do n't know what you 're on about . 
  go look up : `` responsibility '' and `` culpability '' and `` fault '' i 'm sure if you 're unfamiliar with those words in english your native language of icelandic will have them in some approximation , being a more highly conserved branch of the germanic spectrum . 
   so is a teratoma . 
  a teratoma is a pathology . 
  a healthy pregnancy is n't . 
  why do you keep doing away with biological and medical realities ? 
   its entirely silly to say that a embryonic cell clump is alive if it can not survive on its own ( i.e. 
  breath , have a heart beat etc ) . 
  so , someone on life support is n't alive ? 
  and * heart beats * are what make human beings human beings ? 
  a cow can have a heart beat and breathe , but its life is n't quite the same in value as a human 's - or does it for you ? 
  are you a complete vegetarian/cannibal ? 
  come off it . 
   if we apply reductive reasoning that the characteristic of humanity and its benefits come from having the human genome then every single person on this planet commits unimaginable levels of genocide by just existing , due to cell shedding . 
  good thing there 's no difference between multicellular animals and single celled organisms , meiosis or mitosis , or skin cell tissue and an embryo . 
  cell differentiation is just a social construct , right ? 
   i actually do n't care about this `` human '' status . 
  i care about personhood personhood is nebulous and undefined . 
  is a newborn baby without language , spatial awareness , persistent memory , not even a name in all circumstances , or any memories or any life lived * at all * a `` person '' ? 
  it would be sheer barbarism to think they 're somehow not innocent little humans just starting life and do n't deserve legal protections . 
  and what of the mentally ill ? 
  the mentally handicapped ? 
  are they disposable untermenschen because they do n't have completely realized personhood ? 
   just because a woman gives her consent to sex does n't mean she agrees to become pregnant . 
  should men be compelled to pay child support ? 
   do you know why murder is so terrible ? 
  why rape is so awful ? 
   because it violates people 's right to bodily autonomy . 
  so what about a baby that did n't choose any circumstances of its birth * whatsoever * ? 
  `` bodily autonomy '' can just be shouted over and over again ? 
  and if someone wants to neglect their newborn child and not feed and care for it , and just leave it on a sidewalk , they can say `` bodily autonomy '' and refuse to abide by neglect laws criminalizing their actions ? 
   the fetus is not to blame for violating the mother 's bodily autonomy , but nevertheless it still is violating it . 
  we 're viviparous mammals for crying out loud !, 
  why do you think breasts exist ? 
  why do you think penises and uteruses exist ? 
  there 's simply a point at which every human is made from two other human 's genetic material in the body of one of them , and is dependent on them physically for a long time , in and out of the womb .
