  yeah dude ; lewis machine and tool * still * offers m203 ( rumor is they 're going to sell a version of the updated m320 soon ) grenade launchers because so many states allow for destructive device registration with the feds . 
  all those `` flare '' and `` training '' grenade rounds that get sold on gunbroker get bought up , someone files the paperwork and pays the 200 dollar tax , and goes straight to converting them . 
  machineguns are way more common , but it was a real treat being able to shoot an m4 clone * and then * blow up an old car all in one go . 
  calling the greeks `` emotional '' as their nations ' wealth is destroyed and they lose faith in their government is such a put down . 
  like they 're childish or something . 
   `` the aim of the nato countries must be the greatest possible defence capability , not a percentage goal in itself . '' http://www.cnn.com/2011/politics/06/10/gates.nato/ it 's not unreasonable for the norwegians to be saying this . 
   `` while every alliance member voted for the libya mission , less than half have participated at all , and fewer than a third have been willing to participate in the strike mission , '' he said . 
   some did not want to -- others simply were unable to . 
  nato lacked intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance assets to do the job . 
  gates gave one critical example : `` nato air operations center in italy required a major augmentation of targeting specialists , mainly from the u.s. , to do the job . 
  ... we have the spectacle of an air operations center designed to handle more than 300 sorties a day struggling to launch about 150 . '', 
   gates praised some nato members for punching above their weight in the libya operation . 
  `` norway and denmark have provided 12 % of allied strike aircraft yet have struck about one-third of the targets , '' he said . 
  so , they 're not [ the french or the british running out of munitions ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html ) in a tiny war operation while protecting their own goddamn energy interests ( sa total , british petroleum ) . 
  and , likely , other larger nations ( germany . ), 
  should be asked to greatly step up their defense spending in terms of real acquisition before the norwegians ( given their libya performance ; good job , guys ) but still - - nato already distinguishes between absolute spending , and spending that goes to meaningful defense capabilities . 
  pensions , and most pay that is n't going to combat troop raising , is not included in defense expenditures according to the nato definition . 
  that 's why the us share of nato spending is actually quite a lot less than our `` defense '' spending ( tricare , cobra , and base housing , etc. 
  all as benefits for soldiers just are n't part of the computation in the same way spending on jdam kits for smart bombs and reactive armor for abrams tanks are ) i think norway would find , as well as other nations , that if they * really did * pursue the goals of capable defense , they 'd be spending around 2 % of their gdp , and furthermore , that dedicating just 2 % of the gdp to defense spending would allow them lots of leeway in force composition to change with the times , without having to worry about how those changes would impact the other 98 % . 
  alternatively ; a currency issuing body needs to also be a fiscal policy body , and that basically * is * your government . 
  without the latter , there is n't real governance . 
  how much money is spent on what ( economy ) , who you turn to when you need other people killed ( defense/war ) , and what laws you 're going to live by in a day to day sense ( law ) , are the three pillars of a polity . 
  the eu and eurozone separate all of them in different baskets among a bunch of different nations , and then totally eviscerated the fiscal policy component of the currency union . 
  that there 's dysfunction on russian/mh17/ukraine , dysfunction on the immigrant/refugee issue , and dysfunction on the euro/greek issue is n't a pathology of the system ; it 's a near guaranteed outcome . 
  i mean , frankly , minimum wage jobs are supposed to be taken on by young kids living at home , just starting out in the workforce with no real expenses while they 're still in school or retirees looking to keep busy . 
  they are * minimum skill * jobs , and largely unskilled labor jobs . 
  they 're not supposed to be a source of primary income . 
  that there is a larger and larger portion of the us taking those jobs instead of better paying ones indicates a worse and worse fit of labor skills to capital . 
  it is * this * which conservatives have been calling liberals out on the past few decades because they largely control the education system in the us , particularly the cultures and subsidizaton of secondary school curriculum and colleges . 
  exactly where people should be learning job skills and being trained into higher skilled employees , ( this still happens for preprofessional students ) , most people are having their time wasted . 
  and , i would * much * prefer the swedish system of no minimum wage , but workers free to unionize at whatever scale ( so long as employers were free to hire someone else ) . 
  that 's a true market for labor and a market for employment with collective bargaining on both sides . 
  yep . 
  no legal leg to stand on , so they just told them they would n't get federal highway money . 
  louisiana did without those funds for a long while after , retaining their own 18 year drinking age . 
  lagarde cut a 50 billion euro check in response , i 'm sure . 
  \\ + it 's not a boyfriend girlfriend relationship either , it 's a marriage where there are n't clear laws for divorce or dissolution of the bank account . 
  i-it 's not like i wanted to be the world 's reserve currency forever , baka !, 
  us banks which do business in greece * are * minding their own business . 
   i wish they 'd mind their own business us banks also have financial exposure in greece . 
  this is , quite literally , their business . 
  the economic realities that these people are facing are a result of the governments their nation has democratically elected , over and over again . 
  you can pick the 90 's or post-1974 . 
  tsipras and varoufakis need to read this profile , just as much as lagarde and merkel . 
  if greece does exit the eurozone , they 'll find themselves living in an austerity scheme whose currency is drachmas . 
  kendrick lamar basically saved hip hop for me . 
  * good kid maad city * is just such a master piece of homage and innovation . 
  oh , i did n't want to give the impression they are merely administrative divisions . 
  i invoked the vast difference in weapons laws intending to highlight that . 
  i guess i should 've emphasized it more . 
  to be fair , most of the people i 'm talking about skew towards the 18-19 age range than the 24-25 section . 
  i remember explaining to this one girl that not a single republican voted for the aca , and she said `` but they have a majority in congress '' . 
  and then i think about how old she was in 2009 and i feel a little weird for hooking up with her . 
   but why has workers-rights always been such an issue for america ? 
  because the genesis of that movement did n't start with native socialists but socialist sentiments being popular among the swarthy 1800s era immigrants in our big cities . 
  if we 'd had something like england 's academics espousing socialism and the like , the us reaction to it would 've been more tempered . 
  furthermore , our nation literally exists because people did n't like what they viewed as usurious tax schemes and government overreach while they were building a nation all on their own . 
  the society was built from people conquering , farming and building a landmass , and the culture it left us with is a staunchly independent , individualist one . 
  we just do n't like the idea of thinking of ourselves in ` the masses ' looking for a savior persona either in a politicians or a bureaucracy . 
  work and competition and consumption is simply more popular . 
  despite my fondness for firearms and low taxes , i 'm not actually a southerner !, 
  what europeans are thinking of when they think of rural , white , god-fearing , gun owning america is actually * appalachia * . 
  i 'm from the twin tiers straddling pa and ny . 
  http://m.dailykos.com/story/2013/11/19/1255733/-political-geography-what-if-appalachia-were-its-own-state to be sure , there 's cultural ( and true physical ) overlap and similarities between appalachia and ` the south ' , but there 's the actual south , texas ( yea , distinct from the south ) , appalachia ( northern and southern ) , the ozarks , and the midwest . 
  all of these are variations on the stereotypical '' american '' theme , but appalachia is kind of the originator of it , as lots of its locales are steeped in revolution and civil war era history , being the first frontier for the 13 colonies , and having the largest share of the anglo-german immigrant base that used to be the definition of the us 's ethnic composition . 
  new england has its own distinctiveness from the north when you view them against people in the east coast . 
  the us gets variety and diversity , but in a much smaller state-space than europe . 
  accents instead of language , legal norms instead of nations , etc. 
  one thing people also forget , apart from west germany building itself back up ( with massive assistance , sure ) is that it basically attempted a smaller version of that again with east germany . 
  there has n't been much real wage growth since 1990 in germany because of what is effectively national welfare from the west going to the east in order to rehabilitate the population . 
  it 's also required because of particularly heartbreaking circumstances ( sorry we thought the soviets were slightly better than the nazis ... ) it 's not at all like the greeks electing the politicians and policies they did through the 90 's and 2000 's . 
  we do n't need any uh y' all 's * book learnin ' * !, 
   you know ron paul and bernie sanders are on the opposite ends of the spectrum . 
  that 's exactly why it disturbs me that so many of my friends drinking the ron paul koolaid before are in the corner for bernie sanders now . 
  oh for sure , but there 's this knee-jerk `` republicanz baaad !!, 
  ! 11 '' attitude among young people , and a worse `` democrats are socialists ! '', 
  impulse among slightly older people that serves the interests of hillary and jeb like no other . 
  it 's a real shame . 
  it even happens in our state races . 
  we had a sensible republican ( astorino ) and a truly progressive democratic nomination challenger ( teachout ) going up against the establishment democrat in office ( cuomo ) in new york state . 
  teachout lost because liberals in nyc were gutless and could n't pick the politicians they 've always said they wanted , and then were * also * the voters responsible for the statewide margin that defeated astorino . 
  so the whole state is left with an establishment dick head * again *, 
  even today , people will use `` these united states '' or `` the united states are '' interchangeably with `` the united states '' and `` the united states is '' without thinking about it . 
  * e pluribus unum * is our national motto for a reason . 
  essentially , yes . 
  populist demagoguery draws the same kind of mind ; there are more than a few of my acquaintances who were ron paul 2012 ! 111 types that are now salivating over bernie sanders . 
  you know - - - all the obvious economic contradictions aside . 
  the problem is that someone aged 18-25 in the us largely does n't have to think about personal finances or debt to gdp ratios or interest rates or mortgage lending practices , etc. 
  they do n't really think too much about foreign intervention , or geopolitics , etc. 
  there 's this really creepy managed existence of social life revolving around college campuses and school work and ( not `` minijobs '' like has happened in germany ) ` internships ' as an ersatz for real employment that 's totally divorced young people from actual challenges and real life demands they would 've been familiar with just a decade or so ago . 
  like , 0-17 in the us , and you 're a kid , 18-25 * you 're not an adult * , and then 25-onwards you are . 
  but the 18-25 demographic is where the disposable income is ( parents give them money , or they do n't really save what they earn ) , is where sex in advertising still sells , and where snark humor is the epitome of wit . 
  it 's the most toxic thing about the us , in my opinion ; young people who just do n't give a fuck and are so , * so * susceptible to flash in a pan political motivation . 
  so , he was basically the redditor-aged hype candidate in 2008 and then in 2012 ( much less so ) because of his stances on marijuana legalization , and the meme of `` it 's happening ! '', 
  and hype-trains and all that lampooned how much gusto people had for such a long-shot nomination . 
  it was really bad on reddit in us political threads , where a ron paul candidacy got beaten like a dead horse over and over and over again , with people just gushing about him and other people laughing at how excited they were . 
  this image is the latter . 
  http://en.protothema.gr/breaking-capital-controls-taken-banks-to-remain-closed-for-one-week/ yup , they just straight up did . 
  not monday ; until july * 6th * , after the proposed referendum . 
  curiouser and curiouser .
