  i love reading stuff in dutch . 
  it 's like reading something written by an english speaking stroke victim . 
  even more than an alternative for a vasectomy . 
  if this technology can be refined to literally just be a shut off for the vas deferens but not the seminal vesicles and be * reversible * at will , it will give men reproductive choice without permanently taking away their potency , or even risking that ( as most vasectomies do ) . 
  i asked in the ukraineconflict subreddit a little while back if any kiev residents noticed a change in the police force for * real * after they fired huge numbers of them and replaced them with younger recruits , and modeled the system on western police force ( and not the militsya business ) several said they noticed people were a little less suspicious of the police , and had optimism for real law and not bribery/thuggery in dealing with cops . 
  i think there 's a genuine desire in the youth of the country to get rid of yesteryear 's trash and move into the future . 
  broken nationalism , no sense of ` us ' vs ` them ' that motivates law and order style politicking and lawmaking . 
  it can do things like give you special police units that would 've broken down that door wielding smgs to arrest abdeslam , but it can also give you governments willing to read and record everyone 's electronic communications . 
  it 's a tricky balance to get right . 
  but it 's not ` society ' going to lengths not to offend the others . 
  it 's * one side * of western society policing everybody in thought and speech so as to do that , and a different side getting angrier and angrier about it . 
  the border controls are n't what is endangering schengen unless the impossibility of preventing * non * - schengen member nationals from travelling across borders was supposed to somehow be a part of the schengen arrangement . 
  anyone with a brain can see this . 
  i am very worried for what will happen to europe if governments can not abandon soft , duplicitous statements and inaction . 
  the average person who stands to lose or fears they do is going to run into the arms of things worse than pegida or golden dawn . 
  it 's happened before . 
  nothing about human physiology changed to prevent it from happening again - we 're still the same animals . 
   then you smile at the lack of knowledge of the `` more civilised and better '' western europeans about poland which they think is `` backwards and eastern '' [ zizek on mitteleuropa vs * eastern yurop * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  likely the same reason i am ; the issues of europe are the issues of the federalism of different polities , where individual cultural expectations about law and social order lead to conflicts about how to manage the ` whole ' whatever that ` whole ' political identity is . 
  in some ways , europe is more contentious , in some ways , europe is more united , but the eu 's politics go through a lot of the same growing pains our polity did , and still does . 
  also , this sub has top banter . 
  top , top banter . 
  right , and i semi-regularly carry a firearm myself , but i feel like the self defense laws of texas should n't have protected him , nor been written to make him expect he could shoot someone he was trying to pay for prostitution . 
   if i break an attacker 's limb who assaults my s.o. 
  or attempts theft with physical assaut , will i get in trouble ? 
  in germany , probably if it 's just theft . 
  http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html the 33rd section does mention that if you exceed the limits of self defense out of terror/fear ( i 'm not sure how this distinction reads in the original german ) then you ca n't be held liable for it . 
  but i 'd imagine you 'd be hard pressed to make a case for breaking a mugger 's arm if they were trying to swipe your girlfriend 's purse . 
  it 's not like the us - [ this guy killed an escort who would n't have sex with him ] ( http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local_news/article/jury-acquits-escort-shooter-4581027.php ) outside his apartment when she was leaving , and because she had technically left with his property/money , texas self defense law protected him . 
   i did not make that definition , neither did i want to say it 's the only definition . 
  i know , i 'm just saying wikipedia 's definition is poopy . 
  not calling you foolish , bruh, 
  and i 'm saying i agree . 
  they should strike and strike longer - until around elections perhaps . 
  which is foolish . 
  china and russia are both superpowers , if only for their being a thorn in the side of the us . 
  india has little desire to act like a super power ( neighboring two relatively unfriendly nuclear powers as adversaries and rivals ) , but its military , were it put in service of an aggressive foreign policy , would make it one as well . 
  i 'm more willing to think of china as a super power than france or the uk , for sure . 
  there 's no point defining anything around what the us is because the american military is just absurd in comparison to anything that 's ever existed in human history in terms of scope and power . 
  it does n't need to be a superpower to achieve its objectives . 
  the russian federation does n't have the same mission that the soviet army + warsaw pact did , which was providing an umbrella of security for many many millions in several nations , collaborating , then competing with the chinese , to uphold the communist regime and centralize power ( more important to the russian leadership than communism , ultimately , from stalin onwards ) there 's a * shadow * of this arrangement in their former control of ukraine , their deep relations with belarus and kazakhstan and uzbekistan , etc. 
  and the irredentist historical narrative that drove policy towards taking over parts of moldova , georgia , and ukraine , as well as reacting to chechen overtures with rocket artillery and mass ground combat . 
  none of it is really so much like hungary in ' 56 , but switching out `` we have to rule this area because the party owns it '' with `` we have to rule this area because it is ` russian ' territory '' is n't great or something . 
  actually , same thing goes for china . 
  they never really need to have to match the us , they just need to make it not worth trying to save taiwan with american lives , as an example , and that 's much easier to do . 
   the bma and doctors have criticized the contract , which changes the way they are paid for anti-social hours , saying it does not provide proper safeguards against doctors working dangerously long hours . 
   the government says the new contract is part of measures to ensure patients get the `` same quality of care across the week '' . 
  the government is right - people should be getting the same quality of care no matter if they 're going to the hospital at a late hour or in care through a weekend or holiday . 
  it 's just also exactly why physicians should be paid more to work those hours ( they have lives , too ) , and why their hours should n't be overextended . 
   we have a higher standard of living than we did . 
  this is also true , but i do n't think we 're happier , nor do i think our economies are sustainable without a mass increase in population . 
  i also do not think immigration is the way to get that increase . 
  look at what happened to wages in our country after women entered the workforce en masse . 
  employers did n't have wages rise . 
  we 've just had prices go up and wages remain stagnant and now it 's impossible for families to lose out on a second income earner . 
  the elites have every common man 's wife working to make them wealth , instead of focusing on raising his children . 
  the next step is to get the kids working as debt slaves early on , so that whole families can be workers , like cattle , on the tenement farms they rent from the upper class so we can have it just like the industrial revolution again !, 
  it 's hard being a man , too . 
  both men and women have been robbed of their economic rights to become husbands and wives and fathers and mothers by the political culture deciding a healthy workforce and bigger consumer base is more important than family . 
  this whole thread is full of people pretending massive social changes around sex , around marriage , around family , and around duty to family , have no relationship to economic consequences of fertility , non-marriage , fewer children , and work/debt norms . 
  they 'll dance around it as long as possible because no one ever wants to admit traditional societies had some stuff figured out pretty well . 
   t usually mothers do much more than fathers . 
  fathers changing dippers are a recent thing . 
  that 's because for millennia we have n't conflated being a parent with doing what women traditionally did . 
  male roles in parenting existed and were n't a mystery to people like you . 
  that 's literally the system everyone had when no countries were worried about their fertility rates , so , yes . 
  but then employers do n't have a twice as big labor pool and government does n't have twice as big a tax pool , and vendors do n't have a twice as big consumer pool . 
  so , set up social expectations of delayed marriage , ever delayed marriage , family life and children as the death of youth and independence , and keep your natives all slaving away . 
  then if there 's any problem with the fertility rate and future tax payers , import immigrants en masse as refugees who have little education and large families . 
  problem solved !, 
  does n't matter . 
  unless the netherlands are willing to invoke article 5 , there 's nothing that will come of this . 
  if russian nationals who were serving as active duty russian federation troops under order used a missile battery to take down the plane , nothing will come of it . 
  are the dutch are going to take putin to task on it and demand justice if that 's true ? 
  ask him to help them extradite the commanders that did it ? 
  demand he himself stand trial ? 
  declare war ? 
  with their own army ? 
  there wo n't even be trade consequences . 
  western europe has already shown profound callousness towards the concerns of their eastern neighbors . 
  what an absurd vulgarity that the biggest commitment of solidarity and resolve towards them with their tender post warsaw pact economies and young political independence ... should 've come from across the atlantic ocean , instead of from europe . 
  why should poles and romanians look to * america * for reminders they are n't to be left alone if russia lashes out ? 
  is the atlantic much larger than the maps say ? 
  hundreds of innocents , dutch , and otherwise , were murdered just like many , many others in this conflict , all wrought to serve putin 's irredentist ambitions , and the best the world can do is refuse him some token trade and issue statements and reports . 
  ** edit ** i should make clear , i think any action of war would be the wrong move . 
  i 'm not saying that yurop is fulla pussies and they need to go bomb moscow to get things done . 
  i think the western world should simply pour money into : meeting nato obligations , developing energy independence from russia , and prioritizing trade and economic development within the eu , so that russia can be cut off from * all trade of goods and energy * in perpetuity , with all non-russian european nations having friendly countries to talk to so do business and get energy and seek financial assistance . 
  literally kick russia out of the developed world and let it have only belarus and kazakhstan to play with , until putin is willing to admit his wrong doing and unconditionally accept peace terms - or watch his own people cannibalize him as russia withers . 
   i think it 's disingenuous to suggest that the eu is just coincidental to the peace and harmony in europe . 
  i think the slaughter of ww2 , and the us/nato collecting western europe into a unified nuclear and conventional military organization at the core level of their political functioning is what has kept the peace for seven decades . 
  greece and turkey are nato partners . 
  they 're not fellow eu members . 
  poland and portugal are nato members . 
  they 're not fellow eurozone members . 
   the slow deescalation of tensions between kosovo and serbia for example and between the former yugoslavs in general is in no small part due to their aspirations for eu membership , also because after the europeans did nothing , we bombed the fuck out of some of them . 
   i mean just look at asia , it 's perhaps the prime example of a continent heavily effected by ww2 where conflict is nowhere near as unlikely as in europe and where ww2 still looms heavily over foreign affairs yeah , i mean , again . 
  what do you think is the constant in all of these polities and why war does n't happen ? 
  he 's pretty good , it 's basically all he does . 
  yeah , there are dozens of metropolitan areas in the us where people * primarily * speak spanish now , over the last 30 years because of repeated amnesties and mass immigration from latin america . 
   but second generation americans group up fluent in english and assimilate into american culture very well .
