  ( or for that matter , the * old * nazis , the national socialist german workers party , right wing ? ), 
  ** like . 
  this is not about limited government , non-national welfare programs , etc. 
  this is saying that you * can not * have solidarity without a literal welfare state . 
  what `` right wing '' politician in america , so * often * lumped in with the nazis in allusion or in ` crypto-fascist ' terms by the left could get away with saying : `` oh yeah , there ca n't be national solidarity without social solidarity , and in fact , that requires we have large national institutions of social welfare provided for by the state '' like , what ? 
  but - - - ** right wing !, 
  ** the new church is simply the university , and academic social and political narratives are the new dogma . 
  this is what the left has wrought , in my humble opinion . 
  good . 
  if germany wants to be honest about engaging in its past , not burying its head in the sand would be a good start . 
  if the anxieties of the post ww1 german society had been * actually * addressed by the weimar republic , if germans had not been made to feel through propaganda that their suffering was in fact just cause to conquer the world , hitler would 've been a crazy austrian guy ranting in beer halls and nothing more . 
  this is * exactly * the time for the books to be released ; so that the average person can see how seductive the language of prideful hate is , and so that leaders can * get a fucking clue * about responding to the average person 's fears that their society as currently is , is n't set up to work in their favor . 
  this is how you prevent radicalism - and it 's radicalism that turned regular people into nazis . 
  * not * acknowledging the needs of society , but letting someone else provide them justification to feel * violent * over their anger , to smash everything that does n't let them feel angry with pride , is what causes radicalization of the very sort that plagues ineffectually governed muslim nations . 
  some definitely are , but if there 's anything we 've done right , it 's quality variety . 
   bad aibling too funny almost half the country was part of the ussr just 25 years ago , and there 's likely ties between many of their former/current officials , not just putin and warnig , i 'd bet . 
  good reason to keep up with surveillance all on its own , even without the bounty of intelligence sharing wrt islamists and other nations that cooperating with the us brings . 
   the us has spacex , but spacex is not the us [ ** k ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5btbvbe4e4#t=34m08s ), 
  hershey 's chocolate exists to annoy german/swiss/etc . 
  nationals who come to the us . 
  we know we ca n't do outdo europe like we sneakily did with craft beers when it comes to chocolate , so we just went full awful . 
   everybody hates you . 
  [ happens when your country rules everyone 's shit . 
  ] ( http://cdn.makeagif.com/media/6-14-2015/khn6bc.gif ), 
  yeah , what if he claims asylum ? 
  * checkmate , libruls !, 
   sorry but are you referring to the fact that america 's immigration rate plummeted drastically during the late 20 's 30 's and 40 's ? 
  no , i 'm referring the various schedules of us immigration law that existed prior to 1965 . 
  which you * apparently * could not be bothered to look up . 
  hint : google will get them for you , so will wikipedia . 
   with the exception of those two decades the united states has historically been the most popular destination for immigrants without quotas or such nonsense and it 's arguably what has made it the most powerful country in history . 
  and before 1965 , it was way , way harsher than it is now . 
   not to mention that the quite racist immigration act in the twenties primarily served the purpose to limit asian immigration , ironically the now most successful minority in the united states , at least by economic indicators . 
  as an above median income earning asian origin american born to asian origin immigrant parents , i hope you realize that there 's * plenty * of purely economic reasons for the us to turn away * most * asian origin persons who might want to live in the us . 
  seriously , we do n't need more unskilled labor , and we do n't need any more enclaves of people who do n't assimilate until three or four generations later . 
  honestly , i think you were just hoping you could 've ended the discussion with an accusation of racism so you would n't have to hear that there are people who genuinely oppose neoliberal postnationalism propaganda . 
  brown as a hershey bar, 
  in talking about the ethics of cosmopolitanism , that quote is often brought up ; `` and if you will not be my brother , i 'll smash your skull in ! '', 
  i thought it was apropos given germany 's political history , its current government 's commitment to multiculturalism , and the reality of its present situation . 
   which pre 1965 immigration policy ? 
  the us immigration policy right now is infinitely harsher than it ever was in history . 
  ** okay , at this point , i 'm going to assume that if you can type fluent english and communicate with me on reddit , you 're * also * capable of using google and finding information on your own . 
  ** so , why do n't you take * literally less than five minutes * to actually look up what the history of us immigration law has been , and what changed in 1965 . 
  because the sentence you wrote is * laughably * wrong . 
  like entirely factually wrong , but also stated with such boldness as to be funny in how wrong it is . 
  are you even from a real country ? 
  no ; i think it was a financially expedient move , though . 
  the ` right move ' from my perspective and that of vw 's management are different - does n't mean i ca n't see what they 're trying to do . 
   i mean you could have summed that up as `` ermahgerd non-white people '' as a non-white person , no , i could n't have , because my immigrant parents were always on our ass about being precise and exacting in our speech and writing . 
   also people said that stuff during the eugenics boom in the us in in the early 20th century and guess what you are now the sole superpower on this planet and not a failed civilization , funny how that goes right ... you do realize i am indeed saying that it 's pre-1965 immigration policy that we should probably think about returning to , albeit with exceptions for educated , and well off people ? 
  perhaps instead of trying to sum up what i wrote with `` ermahgerd non-white people '' , you should read a little more carefully what i wrote . 
  sorry i ca n't hear you over the sound of private spaceflight and mars exploration . 
  the moon ? 
  so 20th century . 
  people like me = asian origin persons . 
  our population is growing quite rapidly ( though , we also tend to assimilate to a great degree , economically and socially because our immigration was controlled for that ability ) . 
  insofar as there is some `` we '' ( i simply identify as american ) , we do n't stand to compromise as large a portion of the population as hispanics/hispanohablantes/latinos , but combined with them , and black americans , for the first time in usa history , whites will cease being the majority around 2043 . 
  i 'm of mixed feeling about this , because i think it will come attendant with so much foreign immigration and local enclave dynamic that it means the * culture * , the social and political norms , of the us which i * quite * like , will be changed into something else entirely . 
  cultural assimilation takes a long time , and if we 've so many immigrants that in a single generation even basic demographic numbers shift so completely , how can we be assured our societal integration keeps up ? 
  i want america to stay american . 
   less educated demographics are not inherently foreigners nor are foreigners necessarily less educated . 
  but , of those foreign populations which have been coming in large numbers , often extralegally to europe and the us , higher education is often * not * a feature , and this means they are generally socioeconomically encultured still to have many children . 
   which should n't be a problem if there 's a good education system to back up social mobility . 
  also if the foreign demographics cease being foreign in any sense but the genomic one . 
  but it is precisely that which i think will not happen , and along with economic misfit , there will be deep cultural and potentially even legacy linguistic divides . 
  very unharmonious . 
  if that 's true , then his firing is warranted . 
  but it we 've gotten to where we need to wonder about whether dozens and dozens of additional polocement need to be allocated on an emergency basis to stop mass - possibly coordinated across europe - sex crimes , where there * was n't * such an issue before , i 'd say the fundamental thing to discuss is not police responsibility . 
  until that conversation can happen in a sober , deliberate , open way , i do n't think there will be any real solution . 
  vw would n't be so stupid to do this if they did n't have excellent legal counsel telling them it 's the right move . 
  there was . 
  we had immigration and naturalization law as early as 1797 . 
  we actually had * much * harsher restrictions than we do now . 
  what we never had were totally porous borders with massive incentive for people to cross illegally and work illegally that was at all feasible for people to do from italy . 
  we got that as governments and economies in latin america broke down and the 1965 immigration reform led to a lot of them moving here , creating a demographic base for illegal immigrants to join by the millions . 
  it 's fundamentally because of the sexual revolution : the pill , women in the workforce , the youth for generations being told that marriage and children is the death of freedom and living , etc. 
  generational shifts have occurred in terms of how people view marriage , how they view sex , how they view having children , how they view home life vs a career , mostly changing to views which are fertility negative . 
  all that will happen is less educated demographics will doubly replace the native ones : as their baby boom ( era , not numbers ) populations start dying off in the next 20 years , and the 20yr old cohort then is primarily made up of those demographics , not the native educated one 's children . 
  in the us , it 'll mean that whites will no longer be a majority by 2040 , and people like me and hispanics will combine to form the demographic majority . 
  for germany , considering how few people have children and how few children they have , and how old the cohort of ethnic germans is now , i think the demographic shift will be even more pronounced . 
  it is something i fear will lead to a lot of cultural and social discord . 
  to be fair , the kids around her were from a rural district without much electricity . 
  they go to school and everything , but a television is a massive luxury , let alone going to a city to see a movie . 
  i 'm talking like street urchins , little rascals running around , not as old as the students in ops picture . 
  it 's one of the things i love when i visit the old country ; kids still go play outside on weekends in roving packs and stuff like when i was little . 
  i do n't really see that in my hometown anymore . 
  then again , i also exclusively entertain myself on the computer or tv , too , so ... 
  if you 're a white person and travel to poorer parts of india , this * exact * scenario of people crowding you on a train platform simply out of curiosity can happen . 
  source : i have never appreciated having a friend with red hair * nearly * as much as when i had to let her know kids thought she was maybe an alien . 
  was absolutely hilarious . 
  for the life of me , i can not see much of a difference between the current latino immigration wave and the southern italian immigration wave at the turn of the last century you ever press 2 for italian ? 
  we never had to have amnesty after amnesty for the italians , and we always got to control who actually came in because of the geography . 
  we never allowed them to have persistent , generational language retention . 
  it 's similar in that , at one time , spaghetti was an ethnic food , and the dark skinned dark haired italians were n't even considered white by many , but it 's different in that we 've now got some 10-15 million illegal immigrants after we already tried a mass amnesty in 1986 , generations of primarily spanish speakers , and with things like * la raza * , ethnic bloc advocacy and voting . 
  these did n't happen on a national scale with the italians or the irish - even if it did happen locally to certain cities or portions of states . 
  it 's happening to entire metropolitan areas and swathes of the country . 
  no tengo nada en contra la lingua o cultura de hispanohablantes , pero , i think when people come here , their relationship should not start by flaunting our laws and they should not remain if they can not linguistically and culturally assimilate . 
   europe has a major linguistic , religious and cultural disconnect with muslim immigrants . 
  it is reflected in their material success levels in these societies , but this is not akin to the problems faced by black americans i would partly disagree , in the sense i think historically , racist power structures in institutions have persisted against blacks in america primarily because of their skin color making them `` others '' in the minds of racists , who all eventually came to accept * actual * foreign people to the anglo-saxon stock as ` white ' this seems to me to be quite close to `` europeans '' being portuguese and english and slovakian and greek , apparently , but not being willing to extend that moniker to someone whose ancestry is berber or something , even if they were * born * in the same nation as one such as a englishman being asked to appraise him against a slovak for membership in the group . 
  i mean , i 'm a pretty strong supporter of gun rights , but once it comes to debating whether or not women should * have * to think about carrying guns in order to not be raped or assaulted sexually in public as a normal course of action ...
