   i just think russia wants a promise on paper that ukraine will never join nato which is stupid . 
  wanting to join nato is totally up to ukraine . 
  they 're a sovereign nation . 
  this is like some abusive ex-boyfriend saying `` no , you ca n't talk to caitlyn , we 're meant to be , you 're steeaaaaaling her ! '', 
  totally unrelated : fuck you , travis . 
   kind of annoying the way guys keep trying to push this myth , its just as silly as the `` girls date assholes ! '', 
  comments . 
  but girls * do * often say `` omg , my exes were such assholes ! '', 
  i 'm not saying women date assholes , but in retrospect , sometimes women * do * feel they 've dated people men they consider ` assholes ' . 
  but anyhow ; i 'm not saying women are gold diggers through and through or some nonsense like that , i 'm just saying , ceteris paribus , wealth matters a lot in terms of who they want to date , especially as they get older . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  security matters much more than when they 're younger or when they want to have kids , etc , and in my personal experience , the * comfort * that a partner with money can offer them matters much more when they 're younger as compared to guys . 
  very few guys will be like `` oh , she 's just a waitress , i do n't find that 20 year old girl very attractive anymore !, 
  '' , but the opposite case ... uh ... that happens a little more often . 
  if it had zero effect , we would n't see stuff like sex imbalances in germany like we see in this map . 
  i do n't understand why everyone has to assume moral imposition on this . 
  people like what they like , and there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  i mean , i 'm not saying indigent . 
  i 'm just saying , if wealth had * no * correlation on one 's ability to have sex with good looking women , a lot of men would n't care about * wealth * ( not being financially self sufficient , i mean real asset building ) nearly as much . 
  it 's not old , either . 
  more like , middle aged . 
  men would n't care about being poor if it had no impact on access to women . 
  many would earn enough to support themselves , go out , and smash , and live on . 
  almost no women want to even hookup with definitely broke guys living at home , and even outside of casual sex ( especially , imho ) what woman wants to marry a guy who wo n't earn more in 10 years than now ? 
  who has no ambition ? 
  ( whose ambition does n't translate into money ? ), 
  i do n't think women are selfish for it anymore than men are selfish for prioritizing youth/beauty in women , but women clearly associate strongly based on how wealthy/powerful men are . 
  i mean , why do you think women like taller men ? 
  this stuff is just evolution at work . 
  there 's no morality behind it . 
  it 's survival . 
  go talk to a bunch of poor short guys who do n't have social clout or money and see how they 're getting along with the women . 
  it was a genocide , of many different nations and cultures , perpetuated by the first settlers after initial niceties , and by the us government . 
  that 's an absolutely correct view of it , and it was then followed up by reeducation schools and the destruction of their languages and culture . 
  there 's no contesting the barbarity of what was done , for hundreds of years , to the indigenous people of the americas by european settlers , perpetuated by the usa . 
  but i 'm not so sure russia really ought want to play the historical comparison game . 
  romania shows me that anti-corruption is possible . 
  poland shows me , that persistence of an ethnic heritage is possible ; advancement after destruction from two sides is possible . 
  lithuania and latvia and estonia show me that even if you 're not so big , not so strong , independence is possible . 
  ukraine has lots of problems , but why should those persist forever ? 
  maybe russian governance wants that to be true , desperately , to feel better about itself in relation to someone , someone that it can claim ` belongs ' to them . 
  why and how is that true ? 
  what is ` the end ' ? 
  one year from now ? 
  ten ? 
  by what means do things work out , and what does the world look like when ` things ' have ` worked out ' ? 
  also , is this the approach you take to other things in life ? 
   the founding of the us was a result of continental development . 
  enlightenment ideals started in france and the uk . 
  the thirteen colonies were the uk at this time ** oh my god did you not read my post ? 
  ** i acknowledge that . 
  i just also make the claim that the west as we know it today * depends much more on what america would go on to do in terms of defining the primacy of those values * than anything else that transpired at the time or later in europe . 
  america inherited european ideas and then from the 1800s onwards , we ascended into a global power and in the after math of ww1 we were officially on par with any nation in europe , and the last century has been an american one and the west has been vastly more defined by the us than the dutch or french . 
  unless you want to argue the french post their ( most notable ) revolution have had more of a role in determining what westernity is than the united states have had , i think you should dispense with what seems to be this assumption i am ignorant of basic history . 
  i simply think the founding of the us had much more importance than continental development , both at the time and in the longer term . 
  i 'm aware of a decent amount of history beyond what 's taught to 16 year olds . 
  no , i was n't ignorant of those things , i just ascribe a different importance to them because i think the new world founding of the us and what the us turned into as ** indeed ** it was a bunch of people synthesizing enlightenment ideas , is in retrospect , vastly more important to the secularization and creation of the west as we know it than might have been thought at the time . 
   you know , first , when you go further outward from the anglo-west , you 'll also find the far-eastern , central asian and caucasian lands , who are pretty much nationalist and/or nation-centered and do n't care about religion when it comes to this issues central-asian and caucasian areas * do n't * care about religion ? 
  so , all the business in chechnya and dagestan the russians have had to deal with had * no * religious sentiments behind it at all ? 
  you 're accusing me of deep ignorance , but i think you 're putting your head in the sand about things which are uncomfortable to confront . 
   majority of the syrians and iraqis are not supporting isis i 've never said anything to the contrary . 
   actually iraqi isis commanders are former baath nationalist arabs ... and baathists are characterized by hardline , sunni , wahhabist ideology . 
  they are the way they are because of their hardcore muslim ( sunni muslim ) beliefs . 
  you can put your head in the sand all you want , it wo n't change things . 
   do you really think that majority of the muslims are defining themselves as ` muslim ' before their nations and ethnicities ? 
  depends . 
  i think the overwhelming of american muslims are in fact * american * muslims . 
  i think a great majority of british muslims are in fact british muslims , but there are very many muslims in britain who do not think of themselves as britons in loyalty first . 
  and i think those percentages grow and grow and grow as you go further outward from the anglo-west , and in places like iraq and syria , there are people who do n't even care about the old tribal affiliations that proceeded nationality , and they outright support isis because they subscribe to a pan-islamic eschatological in motivation caliphate . 
   ku klux klan powerless  national christian party , iron guard . 
  ... who ? 
  this stuff is mickey mouse in comparison to al-quaida , in comparison to isis , in comparison to the kingdom of saudi arabia , and the islamic republic of iran . 
  not from euskal herria this time , though , eh !, 
  yes , but apart from ted cruz pandering to evangelicals , there are n't entire swathes of the country that claim being `` christian '' has more primacy than being `` american '' . 
  furthermore , besides the truly occasional abortion clinic attack , we do n't have things like 130 people being murdered in our capital by organized , funded , transnationally ambitious christian terrorist groups who wish to overthrow the us government . 
  even with the * very much , i agree * stronger christian sentiment in this country as a result of both its founding population and waves of christian revivalism in its history , we really do n't have something like a christian taliban , something like a christian al-quaida/isis/hezbollah , or anything like a christian-republic on the level of something like the afghan taliban , al-quaida/isis/hezbollah , or something like saudi arabia or iran . 
  christianity , world wide , was simply fundamentally changed over a period of about half a millennium into something very different than what became of islam , and those changes effected changes in the societies it was practiced that further constrained what it was and was not allowed to be , in a way that simply did n't happen in the muslim world , * long * before america was even a country . 
   let me point out that , there is no homogeneous `` muslim culture '' and `` muslim world '' , and it 's a far more ambiguous term than `` western culture '' or `` western world '' . 
  let me point out that i 'm recognizing that , and speaking in generalities about both , because while both are indeed somewhat nebulous , they are n't completely indefinite , ineffable , and their lack of congruence is what has produced actual material results like terrorist attacks and mass sexual violations and beheadings and the like on the one hand , and things like pluralist governments with refugee centers and foreign aid on the other and they are clearly at odds with one another . 
  as to the rest of it :  you ca n't compare turkish cypriots , lebanese arabs , saudis , albanians , circassians , bosniaks , pakistanis , tatars , iranians , somalians and chinese muslims . 
  there is no such a group and cultural entity that they all magically belong to . 
  first of all , yes i can , and yes there is - - and if you think any of those people who describe themselves as such would accept the notion that they are indian , korean , swiss , ghanian , cuban , lithuanian , mongolian , etc. 
  or that they are hindu , jewish , buddhist , baha'i , atheist , etc. 
  then i ca n't help you . 
  nationality and religious identity are * clearly * relevant things on which to judge people . 
  and furthermore , the argument i 'm making is that there is obviously a worldwide sentiment among some muslims that means their identity as muslims comes before anything else , and as a result , there will naturally be things like jihad , naturally things like anti-women sentiment naturally things like that which come along with them and are incompatible with polities which * do n't * have that kind of islam native to their development . 
  i 'm really not sure how this is contestable . 
   insofar as islamic means the representation of islam that is being pushed by fundamentalists , you 'd be right . 
  well , but here is i suppose where i 'm going to make a * strong * claim . 
  * even supposing * someone in germany is a nationalist , a right winger , a radical , etc. 
  their * primary identity * is that of a * german * . 
  indeed , i think this is what nationalism really kind of takes to an extreme . 
  my point in saying that if a person says their culture is `` primarily islamic '' means that before * anything else * they are a * muslim * . 
  before being a frenchman , they are a muslim . 
  before being a german , they are a muslim . 
  before being a swede , they are a muslim . 
  * my contention is that this necessarily puts them in conflict with the west , and indeed that it is those brands of islam you say are pushed by fundamentalists which gives a person this kind of mindset *  the fundamentalist version of islam is the one that is shoved in our faces to provoke exactly the clash that is desired . 
  well , this strikes me as the sort of thing that was said before : `` oh , isis is doing all this so that we 'll be mean to muslims , and they 'll radicalize '' that 's probably true , and they 'd probably like to see western muslims become radical , but my contention is that the ones who do are actually * muslim * westerners , you see , and that it is a matter of ` current ' culture among people who are muslim that determines whether their makeup is that of a frenchman who is proud to be french and has as his religion , islam , or that of a * muslim * i who happens to be a citizen of france . 
  ______________________ to wit , the police man executed on the ground by the hebdo attackers was a * french police officer * who was a muslim . 
  the people who killed him ?
