  oh , no , i just invoked that notion because sometimes a lot of my speculation about world affairs can be read as conspiratorially motivated . 
  insofar as those marginally ranked think tanks getting control over putin ... ... maybe he 's just always been like this ? 
  of course in theory !, 
  i can go back to my hometown , where i was born and raised , and find someone living next to me who will disagree about the meaning of the 1st , 2nd , 3rd , etc. 
  amendments - - the basic liberties which in the us tradition are enumerated to americans by dint of us having a nation ; not even dependent on the government 's existence . 
  hell , they might even disagree with the entire idea of natural rights !, 
  crucially though , as more and more ` sort of similar ' actors are added in , the actual variance of views decreases . 
  in broad strokes , i know what is ` right ' and ` wrong ' . 
  how certain i am about that , and what things are up for categorization changes , but that 's what distinguishes `` pennsylvanian '' attitudes from `` californian '' ones or `` american '' ideas from `` canadian '' or `` european ones '' or `` western '' mores from `` asian '' values , etc. 
  but yeah , not looking forward to see what happens if poland needs to rely on the us for military support ... or vice versa !, 
  maybe this is us tinfoilery , but my suspicion is that an acquisition of the crimean peninsula , non-violently , via the cooperation of yanukovich further integrating ukraine with russia , and after the vassalization of places like trans-dnistria and south ossetia and abkhazia , was in the works long before the current problems , and that the unrest in ukraine essentially forced putin to act as quickly as possible , because such a hand-off of a soviet era land-gift would 've been impossible under any new eu aligned ukrainian government . 
  so , i think this was actually the second best option in putin 's view , and the only one he had left . 
  i think if things had gone as he wanted , there would 've been no unrest in ukraine , or at least quelled unrest ( he was able to keep the orange revolution in line before , yuschenko was almost killed like litvinenko was , by dioxin poisining instead of polonium , tymoshenko is only just now out of jail ) ... ... and if there were n't drops in the price of oil , the russian economy probably would 've been able to stomach this acquisition of relatively unproductive land and people , and integrate crimea into russia . 
  with time , maybe even the donbass in the same way . 
  none of that happened , so putin had to resort to force , and in his mind , it 's all the fault of the us supported coup of yanukovich to get ukraine 's ` western ' people aligned to the eu and nato and the west , and he had to act in order to ensure that russia could have crimea and the donbass with its large ` russian aligned ' ukrainian and russian population . 
  he 's after the land and prestige and military operating space . 
  gondor , if anything . 
  compared to the idyllic kingdoms and civilized realms of europe ( clearly the elves ) , and the savages at the gates in the middle east ( clearly the orcs ) and the terrible power of the dark lord putin ( obviously sauron/mordor ) ... ... the us is the imperfect in morality , but striving and trying new nation . 
  clearly we 're gondor , and the infallible , but numerous men in the lotr mythology . 
  i do n't think i would want it at unreasonable levels - - i think reasonable levels would be ones which are uncomfortable for lots of europeans given their last 60 some years of essentially not having real militaries , but compared to the reductions in us presence and european dedicated budget it could bring , i think it would be reasonable for * both * parties if eu/non-us nato defense spending were increased . 
  more important , obviously , than troop numbers is troop quality and military hardware . 
  no need for huge % s of the labor force to be taken out of circulation , but take some time and look at the jet fighter and bomber and attack helicopter inventory of each eu or non-us nato nation . 
  it 's pretty , pretty bad . 
  the militaries of europe are n't supposed to be capable of going to war with one another , but they should be able to defend their own territory against any kind of - - i 'll say it - - russian aggression or intimidation , and collectively present a force * without * the us , that makes military aggression against their nato allies or eu partners absolutely untenable . 
  that might even mean eu centric defense pacts , ala nato article 5 . 
  my spanish is an atrocious and distinctly north american blend of mexican and cuban flavored vocabulary on an argentinian/uruguayan grammar and pronunciation base ( friends/school teachers ) - - but i adore using spanish for strong emotional stuff over english . 
  being angry in spanish is definitely more fun , dunno about crying . 
  kinda , yeah . 
  they 're only a little shy of the 2 % budget contribution to nato and they 're greatly ramping up the modernity of their forces . 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/next-door-russia-poland-boosts-defense-spending-42-billion-over-ten-years-1818068 maybe they wo n't have a huge military , but that military is going to be tooling around in * dozens * of new block upgraded f-16s, 
  eh ; if they 're covered by article 5 , essentially the us has committed to american kids killing and getting killed in the defense of that nation should their sovereignty be militarily harmed , in return for them sending their young men to kill and be killed when we go to war . 
  they are patently our ` strongest allies ' . 
  would just like to point out ; none of these 16 people being able to coordinate something like this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/7_july_2005_london_bombings or this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_stockholm_bombings or this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_frankfurt_airport_shooting or this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toulouse_and_montauban_shootings or this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_burgas_bus_bombing or this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_museum_of_belgium_shooting or this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charlie_hebdo_shooting or this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_copenhagen_shootings , is the entire point of the us via the nsa having such a massive surveillance program , of even ` civilian ' communication like whatsapp messaging . 
  the nsa and european security organizations that work with it might not be things we 're comfortable having , but we absolutely need to have a framework in which they can operate . 
  these days i ca n't tell whether the insinuated lack of sarcasm is meant for the prospect of a greek exit from the euro or a catastrophe as a result . 
  lol, 
  i do n't - - they 're a minority population in europe who are really only making headlines about things relevant to their minority status when it puts them in conflict with the broader culture , either in terms of assimilation or violence . 
  people would either have no cause to think about them at all , or cause to think about them in a polarized way - - the former is what indicates a minority is assimilating , the latter is what indicates they are n't . 
  like , over here in the us , my indian origin really just does n't figure into too much . 
  there are n't that many indians to begin with , and we do n't rock the boat . 
  but * everyone * has long/loud discourse about latinos . 
   problem is , where do you draw the line ? 
  if i own a motorcycle , should i pay more because i 'm at a larger risk of having a serious accident ? 
  what if one of my hobbies is canyoning ? 
  or what if i do n't exercise because i do n't have the time ? 
  or what about sexual habits ? 
  should i receive a health insurance penalty if i have lots of casual sex ? 
  even if i use condoms , i 'm at a higher risk of contracting an sti . 
  i do n't see a problem with any of those leading to higher rates . 
  i do see a problem of there 's no such thing as individual insurance plans , and every citizen has to be in the same public risk pool . 
  i vastly prefer individuals reaping on their own what they sow , on their own . 
  but if we 're going to link everyone 's wallets together , then we have to yoke everyone 's behavior together . 
  it 's no different from a currency union only functioning when people are following the the same debt and spending norms . 
  if you can have many working as one , it 's worth it . 
  if that means policing individual behavior , so be it . 
  but if the deviance of individuals is so great that they can not function collectively , letting them do their own thing as individuals is a better idea than carrying on as a group . 
   implying that is the only thing people will fight for it 's not the only thing , but history is pretty clear on it being a powerful thing . 
  there 's a pretty clear schism in terms of when people assimilated . 
  in the nyt article that was posted ( high up on / r/europe now ) about british members of isis , one of the interviewed people , shiraz maher ( who himself as a youth found himself radicalized , but now works at a university center which studies radicals ) points out that britain has a very highly assimilated population , with muslims very well established in government and arts and commerce . 
  it 's not like people of south asian descent are * strangers * to the british . 
  a curry is about as normal a london late night drunk food as fish and chips . 
  but in the early 90 's a lot of different/radical clerics started coming into the nation and they led the conversation on what the place of islam should be in the lives of the youth and the current crop of fighters were taken up by this . 
  part of the problem is that muslims who are muslims are that way because they 're from historically muslim populations with massive geographic/ethnic separation from europe , so all the problems of assimilation , even if not of language are cultural . 
  will they find dates ? 
  will they find jobs ? 
  will they be able to feel normal in public ? 
  these are issues ethnic minorities like myself have in the us . 
  but with muslims , it 's compounded by the presence of political and military aims of a state whose membership is based on religion , whose jurisprudence is based on religion , in the broader context of islam . 
  there 's `` islam '' in the same way there is christianity and judaism and buddhism , but then there are the goals of nation-state and polity that * do n't * exist in religion ... except for in islam . 
  so there 's the fact that it 's hard to be different when you 're trying to find acceptance in a group , especially if you ca n't change some things that make you different , or value them ( i ca n't change my brown skin . 
  i value the classical vedic tradition as i learned it , as a branch of the indoeuropean tradition ) . 
  but no facet of hinduism is * opposed * to the west . 
  sure , i do n't drink alcohol or eat meat , but i 'm not about to try and get either of those things banned for anyone else . 
  i might have sexual mores that are super prudent/out of place for a 20 something in the west , but i 'm not about to agitate for * laws * to force people to be like me ( despite , or perhaps because of being very politically conservative ) america is n't always something i feel comfortable in , but compared to the rest of the world , even india , i * know * as a result of how i feel at my core , that i am an * american * . 
  this is n't something that necessarily exists for young european muslims , wherein they already live in countries where strong nationalism and patriotism do n't really exist in service of the polity - at most pronounced it 's over football rivalry - - * and * they 're coming from a tradition which is n't just out of place , it 's * hostile * to the west . 
  i do n't think exclusion will solve it . 
  there needs to be some deliberate assimilation . 
  there needs to be a way for a human being born with a different racial identity and social status and in a muslim family in britain to be able to grow up feeling * british * or irish or french or german , or whatever . 
  america has been doing this for a long , long time , and europe not so much . 
  i do n't know if the cultivation of national narratives of purpose and drive like exists to such ( an easily caricatured ) degree is how it will be done in europe , but the present situation is n't good . 
  a few more capital letters and exclamation points after the next couple years . 
  poland is greatly stepping up its defense spending to match its economic growth , and modernizing equipment in addition to meeting the 2 % threshold . 
  a model nato partner for economies of its size or more . 
  okay , so it 's not really an army of 15 million . 
  that requires a european identity to exist , and that requires national identities to die . 
  the us * still * has issues between different regions of the states , and when certain issues come into play there really are californians and california politics and californian ideas and texans and texas politics and texan norms , etc that simply do not match and which ca n't be reconciled , so the states will do their own thing independently . 
  i 'm from pennsylvania and i can not * stand * new jersey 's laws on a lot of matters . 
  we get in a twist over transplants from other states . 
  and we all speak the same language . 
  i do n't understand how there can be a cohesive political identity for europe without a cohesive cultural one - and you guys are way more hetereogeneous than the us as the eu . 
  instead , i think a currency/financial/military union that preserves ethnic , cultural , and domestic policy autonomy and independence would be a better idea , like what the coal and steel commission was early on , and what it could be with vastly stepped up inter-european defense spending and plannning, 
  christendom is dead to you , all that 's left is a french identity , and your political planners are trying ( and failing ) at constructing a ` european ' one . 
  the notion of the ummah and caliphate did n't die in 1924 with the ottomans , and 9/11 woke it up . 
  the west is losing the plot , its societies are n't really capable of rallying as people anymore because nationalism and patriotism have been made so unfashionable . 
  the muslim world however , has consonance of ideals and motivation . 
  and look at the relative birth rates !, 
  muslim women ( nationality does n't figure into this ) are knowingly going overseas to birth as many new fighters as they can . 
  western women delay childbirth and marriage as long as possible until they 're at the cusp of infertility . 
  there is a massive , massive gulf between these civilizations . 
  but who would power go to ?
