   silly france , you 'd be ruled by putin by now if not for the brave yankees protecting you from an invasion . 
  more like the baltics/east , and not all at once either . 
   an instrument of american policy and an infringement on its sovereignty . 
  i do think the article is over stating this though , particularly because they invoke `` traditional '' skepticism of nato in france . 
  imho , de gaulle 's decision to withdraw from nato ( but * not * the unsc , where it hardly ever vetoed decisions and mostly stuck by the western members ) was mostly motivated by his ideas of a ` third way ' in the cold war framework , of a strong non-alignment based policy ( which i think was actually eventually realized in the foreign policy of india , authored by tn kaul , which still is basically how they conduct themselves ) , more so than it was some notion of the americans turning france into a pawn . 
  that is to say , much more a desire to stay disentangled from the vagaries of tensions between nato members and the soviets , and nato members with each other , and nato members with non-nato non-soviet nations , than it was to oppose us policy . 
   yea , this stupid invention that created a lasting peace in europe for 70 years now . 
  the eu ? 
  no , buddy , that was the us . 
  and yet it did not keep the soviet republics , because while russia succeeded the soviet union , it did not - as did the ussr - - wage war on and annex those nations , which were liberated . 
   they claim the united states has failed to uphold a promise that nato would not expand into eastern europe , a deal made during the 1990 negotiations between the west and the soviet union over german unification . 
  the soviet union does not exist . 
  the warsaw pact does not exist . 
  latvia , lithuania , estonia , romania , poland , are not soviet territories or warsaw pact member states any longer , but sovereign nations . 
  russia has absolutely no claim to any of their land whatsoever . 
   we 're going to build a wall and make mexico pay for it ? 
  seriously ? 
  why not ? 
  millions of foreign nationals , many of them from mexico , are taking complete advantage of our birth right citizenship , public welfare systems , depressing wage norms , and undercutting americans for jobs . 
  on top of that , they send massive remittances home - billions to mexico yearly that do n't go into the us economy . 
   `` let 's just let south korea and japan have nuclear weapons ? 
  if it becomes true they wo n't step up financial contributions for protection , how much longer can we maintain our own nuclear threat against china and north korea for them ? 
   the current world order stands on american hegemony sounds like it 's time to pay the piper . 
  which is what membership in the wto should require , and is what free trade agreements should require . 
  equitable standards of worker compensation and standard of living - no point trying to `` compete '' with slaves . 
   european nations are perfectly safe spending 1.5 % of gdp on defence . 
  hell , they would be perfectly safe spending 1 % then the us should leave nato . 
  no reason for us to guarantee our troops and our money to nations which are ` perfectly safe ' while we spend way more to make up for them . 
  note : looking over my response , it might seem i 'm trying to be antagonistic . 
  i 'm not , but as a voter , i 'm dead set on trump so we can put america first , and not keep trying to be the world 's policeman - - not without a raise and hazard pay . 
  http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/05/founding-fathers-2016-donald-trump-america-first-foreign-policy-isolationist-213873  there is nothing the us could possibly gain by leaving nato . 
  there is . 
  we 'd have a lot of money , materiel , and troops freed up . 
  we 'd be able to pursue our asian pivot , we 'd be able to scale back our military to principally serve a new american foreign policy that does n't go abroad seeking monsters to slay . 
   you ca n't just simply go back to a total isolation why not ? 
   the current american prosperity model stands on stability in the key parts of the world and europe still is one of this key parts , you ca n't just let it break . 
  right , we 're just supposed to pay to keep everything wonderful forever , and risk our own troops , while europe stays fat and happy . 
  american prosperity might be upheld by a stable europe , but so is european prosperity . 
  this is nothing but an argument for europe to do way more in terms of peacekeeping . 
   no more us bossing around the ttip you say that like i think more globalist trade policy would be a bad thing . 
   no more or less automatical eu support for us foreign policy goals elsewhere in the world like libya ? 
  ok , then !, 
   no more military bases in europe for the us and thus no more power projection to other key parts in the world [ we 'll be okay ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-rchni8pwdhc/te-cieerxki/aaaaaaaaaba/nrf0m-4dvve/s1600/1307473767392.gif ) i think we should maintain military relations , obviously , with the uk , and with those nato nations that have been pulling their weight . 
  not so sure we should keep carrying nato as a whole , though . 
  why should it wind up russia ? 
  these are sovereign nations who joined nato , troops on a nato mission from friendly allied nations are simply showing up and demonstrating their equipment and exercises and saying `` we 're here if the russians do anything '' unless the russians plan on doing anything , there 's no problem . 
   we will see increased spending on military in europe . 
  maybe not the the extent that all countries will pay 2 % of gdp , but then has that ever been the case in the history of nato ? 
  if that does n't become the case , for nations like germany sooner than later , i want the us out of nato . 
  it 's not just the money , though the fact of many developed western european nations with hugely comfortable welfare states suckering us into spending on their defense is an annoyance . 
  it 's also about what we 're told the lives of american kids aged 18-25 are worth by our own allies , whom we 've sworn to protect . 
  how come the germans are n't sending troops to the baltics ? 
  why are n't there french troops expected to be part of a tripwire force ? 
  [ it 's part of why i 'm voting for trump ] ( http://time.com/4309786/read-donald-trumps-america-first-foreign-policy-speech/ ) - and i know many others are as well for that reason , among others . 
   . . our allies are not paying their fair share , and i 've been talking about this recently a lot . 
  our allies must contribute toward their financial , political , and human costs , have to do it , of our tremendous security burden . 
  but many of them are simply not doing so . 
   they look at the united states as weak and forgiving and feel no obligation to honor their agreements with us . 
  in nato , for instance , only 4 of 28 other member countries besides america , are spending the minimum required 2 percent of gdp on defense . 
  we have spent trillions of dollars over time on planes , missiles , ships , equipment , building up our military to provide a strong defense for europe and asia . 
   the countries we are defending must pay for the cost of this defense , and if not , the u.s. must be prepared to let these countries defend themselves . 
  we have no choice . 
  he is ? 
  i thought he just made music . 
  i agree . 
  i tend to be on the side of nationalists and suspcious of globalists , but i would n't want a brexit vote made on the premise of gumdrops and rainbows . 
  westminster 's treatment of scotland within the uk comes to mind . 
  snp might be pretty bitter about not getting their country back , and i honestly was sympathetic to scottish independence . 
  it 's not like ireland is a shithole or something . 
  but i do n't know how oil realities and trade realities were actually being communicated to anyone voting for devolution . 
   so tell me , what space is left for someone like me who thinks islam is a huge problem ? 
  because the afd say stuff about it , i 'm lumped i 'm with them ? 
  there currently is no space , because the afd chose to say racist bullshit . 
  every right wing movement in europe disappoints me on the race stuff , when they could very obviously carve out a large amount of the electorate without doing that . 
   here is an example of someone who has well integrated and they still hate him . 
  it 's why there ca n't be a viable right wing in europe . 
  nearly all of their movements are based in ethnic nationalism , not civic nationalism with pride in the ethnic heritage . 
  those are totally different . 
  the latter means you want all germans speaking german , all immigrants to germany turning into germans , you want them all living and thinking as germans , with loyalty to germany and its heritage in food , language , and culture . 
  the former means ... well ... i suspect the former means most afd/pegida types probably think one xavier naidoo is all well and good , but twenty would be * too many *, 
  i 'm not disagreeing with their opinions about the economic damage , but if there were * profoundly * well supported evidence that the nation of sweden - it 's people - would be much more economically benefitted in real terms of salaries , social welfare , etc. 
  if the swedish.national government were to dissolve and sweden to be an administrative territory of denmark , with local governing structures taking care of local issues - - - - do you think the decision to make that change would be made solely on an economic basis by swedish voters ? 
  they might not only be economically comfortable where they are , they might also greatly resent the loss of the swedish polity , and the swedish people being turned into an ethnicity/language group without a country of their own . 
  similarly , while there probably are significant economic penalties for the uk extricating itself from the eu , they 're already people who popularly retain the pound sterling and look on further eu lawmaking as dissatisfactory ( some larger percentage anyway ) . 
  the balance , though not to remain in a status quo , but choose a new ( old ) arrangement , is still the same - - - summing the economic losses ( which may not really be distributed among the people uniformly , just as the gains of eu ascension were n't ) and the political control/national pride gains , the calculation of the british people might be to get out of the eu just as well as it might be for swedish voters to refuse to become nothing more but a province of denmark . 
  to ignore this , i think , actually hardens the resolve of people voting on nationalist grounds , making them much less receptive to any economic argument . 
  this is all sorts of dumb . 
  if he 's too poor to pay alimony , which is already a crazy concept for most divorces , how is he supposed to pay it in pizza ? 
  $ 300 worth of pizza each month ? 
  that he makes with what ingredients from where ? 
  while running his business ? 
  and if he is n't providing at least market value , then if on top of payment in pizza , he can pay * less * value in pizza , what the hell motivated the finding of three hundred euros in the first place ? 
   mate are you trying to say that the gop supports secessions ? 
  no , but the gop * very obviously * supports continued states rights , and is massively more powerful within almost all states than the democratic party , and currently holds a majority in the federal legislature * because * of backlash towards federalism . 
   i wont give a damn about how nationalistic people are because the country is already united . 
   how nationalistic people are because the country is already united . 
   the country is already united . 
  you realize it 's an organic process , right ? 
   there are some rednecks but no one takes them seriously the gop/republicans control most state legislatures and governorships of those states . 
   people shoudl stop putting sentimental meaning into their nationality and culture .
