  i suppose he would rather greece default to imf and ecb and them and be in arrears * and * say no to current terms if if means they will stay in the euro and the debt and repayment/reforms are worked out later . 
  more time is a good thing for each party , at least now . 
  i hope staying in the euro is what the greeks want to , but i also hope that means there is real change . 
  only schauble voicing this , though , is strange . 
  i wonder what lagarde and juncker think . 
  of course it 's not okay . 
  if you did n't pick up that i 'm clearly , obviously , saying it 's not okay , apparently i wrote too little . 
  lol , just like eu butthurt over ~ ~ microsoft ~ ~ google . 
  good , france . 
  save your precious precious taxicab ` industry ' for now . 
  [ the quasi-socialists ] ( http://observer.com/2015/05/the-taxi-industry-is-in-total-collapse/ ) tried to stave off the inevitable consequences of cheaper , faster , better service here , too . 
  it did n't work . 
  es suficiente ? 
  yours is mostly fine but sounds a bit broken . 
  i thought you were n't supposed to use ` a ' to mean ` to ' like that when the infinitive verb form ( to speak ) is already being used with pluscuamperfecto !, 
  goddamit . .  ` necesito ' only has one s. yup , always fuck that one up . 
   ` quienes ' has a bit of uncertainty to it , but here you 're clearly referring to something so ` los cuales ' is the proper choice yep , my bad . 
   onwards : ` yo se que mi espa\u00f1ol ' ( ' i know that my spanish ' , you can skip it in english but you need it in spanish ) i can hear my professor tutting about clausulas . 
  ** thank you ** for all the pointers . 
  i 'm really hoping to get it within a year or two beyond just functional proficiency ( spain origin - - well , she was from barcelona , i dunno if that makes a difference to you - - and latin american origin speakers have confirmed beyond friendly politeness that i can function and hold ` normal ' conversations , despite it being painfully obvious i 'm not a native , and that they have to overlook mistakes ) , and really be able to speak your language without flaws . 
  i value so highly my own ability to speak and write clearly in english - but that 's just a product of being a native speaker ; it would be a shame if i were never able to do the same in another language . 
   chinese interests are purely economic having a hand in saving the euro and being seen as a massive stabilizing force for financial/forex markets , as well as playing a role in the debt restructuring of europe politically as a result would also be a huge win . 
   the actual civil war was primarily instigated by the us provisional authority completely stripping the sunnis of power and empowering the shia . 
  bremmer thinking it was a good idea to take the entire officer and political corps of the saddam regime and put them out of a job in a country with lots of weapons caches and wahhabist ideology was a bad idea . 
  no one disputes that . 
  what i dispute is the notion that the us has a moral responsibility for savages - - savage sunnis , and savage shiites - - deciding that the best way to honor their god and their prophet is to start butchering each other to rack up as many dead men , women , and children as they can manage . 
  then again , some people blame the ez for making `` irresponsible loans '' to greek governments that fucked around when people thought they were mature adults . 
  a massive amount of it went to private banks that greece owed ; very little ( something like 11 percent ) has actually gone to funding pensions . 
  the great tragedy is that the pensions were up until now * largely * financed through debt to private institutions ; not even the eurozone . 
  so now , their non-working population ( i know , i know , everyone should be full steam ahead until 65 ) can barely subsist , and the thing which generated its temporary standard of existence is exactly that which is crushing the nation . 
  of course , this is just the latest assistance package - previous ones went to servicing other debts to ecb members ( nations which gave financial assistance from 2010 on ) , and again - - pensions and government operations . 
  basically , none of the money greek 's government has spent since it joined the eurozone has gone towards : 1 ) significant infrastructure improvements 2 ) investments in education that fits the need of capital ( like teaching kids in public schools to code or incentivizing engineering students ) 3 ) subsidizing greek innovation in the private sector , or helping it develop by allowing risk taking to be feasible 4 ) longterm reserves to keep social programs solvent https://np.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/3bhwij/what_is_going_on_in_greece/csmdlng that 's an excellent summary of the causes and effects of the crisis , without getting bogged down in the minutiae of post-1974 greek politics ( they had a right wing military junta ... that we actually did n't have too small a role in ... ), 
  we do n't have massive scale poverty like that anymore . 
  we did during our depression , which was nearly a century ago . 
   which us invasion did n't help in any way . 
  / s the decision of muqtada al-sadr 's shite militia and former ba'athist sunni muslims to murder each other wholesale over a retarded ideological split and continue a centuries long islamic conflict was theirs alone , and so is the fault . 
   and invasion is based of what ? 
  saddam killing kurds ? 
  \\ + woefully wrong intelligence that the mustard and sarin gas he used to slaughter 80,000 kurdish people had been retained and could be proliferated to the terrorist groups he regularly funded . 
   turkey plans to attack them , and they 're nato turkey is going to be attacking a faction of kurdish people , yes . 
  the pkk is n't liked by the us , either . 
  not all kurds have the same political objectives and allegiances . 
   only they did attack spain and london in magnitude , these were nowhere near the september 11th attacks . 
  3,000 people were killed in the span of an hour as entire buildings were exploded in the heart of our financial services sector , and the literal headquarters of our defense department . 
  billions of dollars in financial operations and human capital , and the upper echelons of war planning were lost in a span of hours . 
   the bombings in spain were about half a deadly as those on 9/11 ? 
  not even 200 people died in 2004 's attacks . 
   the invasion of iraq was n't just a fiasco , it killed somewhere close to 300.000 people . 
  because of a civil war between sunni and shia muslims . 
   we call it skopje call it ` other bulgaria ' , even better . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  romania and bulgaria are on the mend , and their productivity and bond values are on the up and up , but they 're literally the two poorest members of the eu in terms of gdp ppp, 
  my apologies , i 'm just going by gdp 2013 figures ; romania put out 189 something billion usd and greece was 242 billion usd . 
  i 'm not super familiar with the economic situation of either in terms of what the median income is like , or what its purchasing power is , but i just assumed that the raw product reflected relative wealth well . 
  yeah , lol , state department offically does n't call it fyrom anymore , sorry . 
  then again , we all think of alexander the great as a greek from the historical macedonia , and not a southern slavic ubermensch , so , no worries . 
  ehhhh , i know you 're not physically * right next to them * , but you 're in the neighborhod , and in a bad economic position . 
  i might 've said `` serbia '' for the same reason , but i 'm pretty sure you guys are closer to joining the eurozone than they are . 
  bias * ed * * sorry , besides that ; part of it is that most people in the eu are n't from greece , and are either from wealthier nations with debt exposure , or much poorer nations who have n't had nearly the economic assistance and multiple chances greece has had ( and have worse poverty ) . 
  neither of those are going to produce particularly sympathetic viewpoints . 
  for as much as the germans are furious , i 'd imagine the scorn among poorer romanians and bulgarians is off the charts . 
  well , no shit - - their neighbors are bulgaria , macedonia , romania !, 
  it 's not like they 're * super wealthy * . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ked2e4ljwji i do n't speak romanian , and i do n't know any romanians . 
  i ca n't understand their language except when a latin cognate shows up , and their accent conceals even that . 
  there 's no way to watch that video without feeling sorrowful that other people are going through hell and a standard of living that stopped existing in the us nearly a century ago . 
  but romania does n't seem to have chosen governments that would lie about their finances to join the euro or violate agreements about debt over and over again . 
  and , they * too * had some pretty shitty governments forced on them in the recent past . 
  maaaaaan , this is even better than when he made that guy walk off with him at an ecb press conference . 
  he 's such a lovable fucker . 
  not happy about his pension comments , but goddamn , what cheek . 
   it 's an absolute embarrassment that turkey is in nato they contribute a shit ton of troops and spend money on modern military hardware , which europe seems to not give two shits about , and are located right next to russia and act as a strategic bulwark against it , which europe also seems not to give a shit about . 
  nato has become * reliant * on turkey for not just forays into the middle east and as a negotiating partner with the arabs , but as a linchpin of the defense of europe against russia , because european nations ( particularly the wealthier , western ones ) have given up on defense obligations to nato . 
  the eu 's nations are n't meeting their obligations to the eu on the immigration issue , the ez nations are n't meeting their obligations to the eurozone , and european countries are n't meeting their obligations to nato . 
  that turkey * kind of does * is still more than enough to make them damn near central to us/nato policy in regards to the middle east and russia , and it 's the kurds who pay the price for that . 
   in every picture because the media is watching him like a hawk all the goddamn time for any kind of crack in his own beliefs , which are central to his political position and ideological support i mean , i 'm not exactly sympathetic to leftists , but just the same as it would be bad for lagarde to walk out of imf meetings of a dire nature with a grin on her face when creditors look to her to see if her organization has secured repayment guarantees , it would be bad form for tsipras to show a defeated attitude when syriza and the left leaning population of greece looks to him to be the face ( really ) of their unwavering opposition . 
  you might as well ask why he and varoufakis never wear ties , or why blue and black suits seem to be all american presidents wear . 
  symbolism matters , dude ; it 's ritual display of ideological committment . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan you 're one of them german fellers , huh ? 
  i think you know we could if it was necessary . 
  we just prefer it not be necessary . 
  not surprising . 
  just like the us security apparatus at home ( pat downs by schlubs in uniforms at airports ? 
  come on ) , the intelligence community went overboard as a result of 9/11 . 
  melissa boyle mahle of the cia wrote in her memoirs that when she saw those events unfolding , `` i felt a deep sense of institutional and personal failure . '', 
  lots of people in the cia/dod lost colleagues that day and in the days that followed in the us and around the world . 
  she put it in a sypmathetic way . 
  one of my family friends who enlisted prior to 9/11 and * reinlisted * afterwards put it : `` i wanted to kill every motherfucker responsible and make them feel terror as i killed them '' i do n't think foreign people get sometimes how the events of 9/11 damaged the us psyche and how a lot of the torture and abuse essentially found * approval * in many parts of the us public . 
  we did n't really react to several thousand people being murdered with mourning - we wanted , and still want , blood for blood . 
  so imagine how easy it was for the upper echelons of power to tell themselves that inflicting brutal pain on the people they had even some reason to suspect were part of these networks was * also * something that would get them useable intelligence ? 
    the surest way to work up a crusade in favor of some good cause is to promise people they will have a chance of maltreating someone . 
  to be able to destroy with good conscience , to be able to behave badly and call your bad behavior `` righteous indignation '' -- this is the height of psychological luxury , the most delicious of moral treats . 
  the younger generation , mine and those after me , who were just children or * even born afterwards * that are the new crop of voters and the upcoming crop of voters are able to look at little more objectively at what happened , particularly in light of the iraq war fiasco and the sacrifice of us freedoms ( most clearly the extent of the 4th amendment ) , and reject a lot of the worst . 
  we do n't want to see the us be an oppressive nation , or an uncaring one , to meet its security obligations . 
  but i 've spoken to a lot of old people ( nursing home job in hs ) and their sentiments towards japan and japanese people and some of my asian ( american ! ), 
  friends working in the same building were basically `` we should 've dropped even more nukes '' i do n't know how inevitable the abuses were , in that respect . 
  i imagine if in september of 2001 , islamists had flown jetliners into skyscrapers in london or berlin , and killed thousands on thousands of british or german people , their people might 've been pretty different as a consequence , too . 
  different reasons ; ireland has a young population of ethnic irish , but , still , about a quarter are born to mothers who immigrated into the country from outside ireland : http://www.thejournal.ie/ireland-has-highest-birth-rate-in-the-eu-2-164772-jun2011/ but , despite dublin having many different ethnicities than it did just 15 years ago , the whole nation is popping out more babies . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_france#today france and the uk 's population growth is driven primarily by immigrants . 
  each of these countries , in comparison to the us , have explicit natalist policies also .
