   so if the byproduct of this is that some spies had their cover blown risking death and torture to russian and chinese nationals who cooperated with the west , when historically we know that people who collaborate with us against those regimes do so because of personal grievances with what those governments have done to them or their families . 
   then i have to say i do n't exactly feel sympathetic . 
  then i guess you 're a child . 
  when it ca n't be maintained as long as the actual agreements of repayment , and is used to secure trust in assets that are n't there , it is `` fake '' a guy who rents a porsche and wears a super nice suit he 'll return to a tailor is n't `` rich '' if he 's spending all the money he has to do that . 
  imagine someone like that encouraging people to invest in his business plan on that basis , intending for them to think he 's `` rich '' . 
  that 's basically the behavior greece indulged in . 
  do you think there are simply * no * legitimate and good reasons for western intelligence agencies to have their agents in danger in order to learn about russian and chinese capabilities ? 
  and that the nsa ( out of all us intelligence organizations , and all western governments ) having a shitty program that violates us constitutional laws and offends analgous western protections somehow justifies * those * people being compromised ? 
  it 's possible to be happy snowden brought the nsa 's mass surveillance of civilians to light , and still think he 's a retard traitor for providing information to russia and china that hurts our nations in order to have a bargaining chip . 
  not so great that `` finally '' taking seriously european security are people outside of europe . 
  nato disparity obviously should worry members of nato , but seeing as the eu essentially requires it for security , and requires so much help from non-eu nations ( turkey , and then of course the us ) worries me about the long term politicial future of the eu . 
  if member nations with access to an existing powerful security architecture wo n't lift a finger for other co-members of the european union/nato , which alliance actually matters ? 
  if the point of the eu is to have a unified trade and political organization , should n't it be security * of trade and sovereignty * that 's right there at the top of the agenda ? 
  i 'm happy that the us can be relied on , and i 'm happy to see nations within the realm of us guaranteed peace , rather than being outside of it ... but frankly western european nations have all the more reason to be guarantors of peace and prosperity in the east . 
  after all , they 're fellow `` europeans '' , right ? 
  in a `` european union '' ? 
  that should mean something other than debt issuance and repayment terms and a shared currency . 
  and i mean , that 's not going * great * , either . 
  analysis seems right . 
  more than trainers ( as had to leave georgia , leaving humvees behind ) , but not quite a full strength expedition , let alone a permanent base . 
  enough that russia has to notice , and rule out any kind of aggression . 
  perhaps it will mean eventually that certain eastern nations carry permanent us bases in place of those in germany and england and the like . 
   if they would agree that greek problems come from structural fallacies in eurozone cynically , i think that 's partly what the ecb wants to downplay as much as possible . 
  whether it 's another round of bailouts , a greek default , a greek exit from the eurozone , a combination of a default and an exit , etc. , i think what bothers the eu and ecb the most are the ideas of these issues not being * uniquely * greek . 
  without the problems and shame of those problems being shouldered mostly by greeks , underperforming economies will either see that they have much more leeway as debtors/non-wealthy nations in the eurozone , which is bad , or even options to default and leave without too much damage to themselves - - which is worse for the euro . 
  all this wrangling is as much about saving the currency union and the strength of the euro as it is about making sure investors and lenders get theirs . 
  this is actually blowing my mind , that i am reading about how common * bombings * and shootings are ... in a * swedish * city . 
  that 's nuts - - i 've never heard about this at all . 
  are they both frequent enough/so often not lethal that they do n't receive much press attention ? 
  a greatly stepped up german and french contribution to nato ( two percent/aircraft and missile systems upgrades , larger fleets - no need for more troops ) would allow a lot of smaller , newer , eastern additions to nato some wiggle room for improving their economies by keeping spendongn flat for a time , and reduce the percentage contributions of greek and turkish troops . 
  if we had a good way to reduce dependence on turkey 's troop numbers , greek numbers could be accordingly stepped down . 
  turkish nato troops primarily engaged with nato operations in the middle east , and not spurring greek military spending/troop numbers would allow the greeks to focus on repaying their debt and having a smaller public sector and larger true workforce - and it would let them be a more productive member of the eu/ez . 
  plus , it would likely being closer military and diplomatic ties for the french/germans/anglo-speaking world . 
  each have their own relationships abroad in south america/middle east , south asia and russia/africa to mutually care about . 
  it would be expanding the number of human lives nato ultimately wanted focused on trade and growth , protected from war . 
  i do n't see that being a bad thing . 
  ahmadiya , 12ers , and sufi are regarded as heretical schools by both sunni and shia muslims . 
  sunni shia tensions are n't the only violent ones , either . 
   what of the gods of the hindus , or the gods of the pre-christian europeans ? 
   the ancient greeks had their own gods those were all mostly the same , actually : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proto-indo-european_religion but then y' all had to go and follow christianity and savage all the writing and teaching of the old gods and now almost no non-indoiranian practice of the pie religions is left . 
  the issue is that the surah/hadith that * normal * and * common * ` moderate ' islam is founded on ( even leaving aside especially severe wahabist/salafist style sunni islam ; though that is by and large the most common school in terms of saudi funding of mosque construction and the like in the west ) inherently guards against soft change via one 's friend group by insisting essentially that people spend lots of time in communal prayer so that they have a `` muslim '' friend group , and makes clear that not adhering to islam is a all or nothing thing - - there 's * no * cherry picking . 
  so a person who might otherwise think `` yeah , well , i 'm not gon na eat bacon/have premarital sex/drink alcohol , but fuck me man u tickets are on sale and i 'm gon na go with my buds even though we 're a mixed sex group and i 'll rock my fitouri jersey '' * is n't * allowed to abandon very much at all about those doctrines about apostasy or adultery or the like , because it 's a proposition that has been set up in the light of losing * everything * about their identity ( relationship with other muslims ; friends and parents ) and religion . 
  there 's just no cherry picking allowed , so , even if someone is n't put off from it , there 's really just not going to be much motion from exposure * unless * they 're convincing this person to leave the faith entirely . 
  contrast that with buddhism , hinduism , judaism , or obviously christianity , which all have cultural modes and religious doctrines outside the very orthodox that exist as religions/lifestyles that coexist easily alongside almost any flavor of western society . 
  which even get * incorporated * into westernity ; yoga , for instance , is something that 's been pretty entirely co-opted and integrated into the lifestyle of the modern west . 
  the only think like this i can think of are the attitudes of some american muslims , who are * american * muslims ; those who are immigrants ( not refugees ) and their children from well before 9/11 , and who have a national and cultural identity as american people , and also happen to have personal religious faith . 
  that does n't seem to be as prolific in europe , where most of the muslim community ( excepting things like the tatars ) seems to be in the ` moderate ' category of ideological sequestration . 
  this will sound cruel - but you have to make the next generation of roma children feel like their parents and community are strangers , are foreign , are wrong about certain things . 
  a `` bulgarian '' is n't just someone with that nationality , or even that ethnicity ( insofar as the bulgars can be ethnically distinguished as southern slavs ) . 
  a bulgarian is someone who identifies as such , and assumes certain cultural norms - culture being how he eats , dresses , works , speaks , what kind of notions he has about the world . 
  a lot of distinctiveness is n't to be found in a modern world of course . 
  a slovene is not so different from a bulgarian . 
  and both , certainly , are european , and both fit in nicely as ` western ' for the most part ( though their cultural legacies are n't as close , obviously , as a ` frenchman ' enjoys ) a roma could very well be a bulgarian , but until the majority of roma are born into situations where their conferred habits and values mold them into people who have the same ways of being and doing that constitute whatever cultural distinction you can call typically bulgarian ( which seems to confer higher earning power , less propensity to property crime , and ultimately a more comfortable , educated life ) they wo n't be part of that society . 
  you can do this same analysis of former eastern bloc people insofar as we 're all confused from time to time why they are n't as hip to marriage equality and the like as other eu nations or the ` west ' . 
  every in group out group dynamic follows this dictum : you have to assimilate the children , or they will not be children of your own society . 
  like the issues of immigrants , you either have those children grow up wanting to be like `` their community '' or like * yours * . 
  i think it 's a good thing for nations to have whatever mix of ethnicities and home-languages and foods they can , but a single national identity and community . 
  aggressive use of educational institutions , early on in the life of roma children , especially encouraging them and younger bulgar bulgarian children to make friendly with each other , would go a long way to assimilating the roma into being ` bulgarian ' . 
  i believe this is being done , but not to a huge scale . 
  yyyyeahh that 's just close enough to english that we can get it , bub . 
  well , insofar as my ability to change the circumstances that motivated property crime goes , i 'm personally no analogue of a nation-state , we 'll put it that way . 
  in terms of what the us has done to broaden peaceable interests and trade and cooperation over warfare and intimidation ? 
  i mean , look at all of europe west of ukraine for the last 70 years . 
  look at those middle eastern nations which cooperate : jordan and saudi arabia , oman and kuwait could as pairs hardly be more different when it comes to human rights and culture , but they enjoy peace . 
  look at south east asia : once a tinderbox , now with any strong moves from china and north korea blunted and strong trade incentives . 
  there 's been , for a huge number of people , spanning so many nations outside the american hemisphere ( which we are * also * quick to protect and support with humanitarian measure , because of the legacy of our interventionism in the cold war ) across so many disparate cultures ... there 's been a peace that has been going since 1945 . 
  an imperfect peace , an often threatened peace , but a relative peace nonetheless . 
  it 's a pax americana in everything but name , because latin just is n't in vogue for americans . 
  it would be * stupendously * foolish for our nation to put that all at risk and abandon the defense pacts that protects a quarter to a third of all humanity , and the trade safety that has enriched north america , europe , and asia in near complete peace for almost a century . 
  all the us ever will argue , is that to make sure we get to and beyond a century , our european partners have to lift a little more weight on their own , and that if this peace and world order is not upheld , the nations best poised to establish their own are essentially russia and china , and you * know * that would suck . 
  i dunno if / r/europe is up on this , but vox was started by ezra klein to be a news site that does n't update stories , stories which are written by him entirely , and which do n't have comments sections . 
  it 's literally like his and his friend 's collective leftist blog . 
  we hit that pussy so hard it still ca n't walk right . 
  i , too , would rather like to be able to leave my doors unlocked . 
  that 's why putin is trying so hard . 
  he just wants to show them he * loves * them . 
  well , we have to interpret the amendments . 
   the right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . 
  so ... what 's ` probable cause ' ? 
  a drug sniffing dog giving an indication to an officer when he has it sniff around the car driven by a guy blaring loud rap music and driving a really expensive vehicle despite not having a driver 's license when he was pulled over for violating a traffic light law ? 
  and what 's a search ? 
  when he asks the guy to pop open the console container in the suv ? 
  or when he takes the guy 's smartphone and looks through older text messages to see if he 's a dealer ? 
  and what are his effects ? 
  the information in that smartphone harddrive ? 
  the phone itself ? 
  what 's ` the place ' to be searched ? 
  his car ? 
  his person ? 
  the storage folder ? 
  there 's just so much people in the late 1700s did n't anticipate - - - and they knew they could n't ; so in addition to our constitution 's bill of rights being a little broad , they also set up structures for their long term interpretation and amendment and limits on any kind of enactment or judging or execution of laws that come from it . 
  it 's not a perfect system , but it 's a system that 's very , very self aware about its imperfections . 
  i realize i might be committing that everpresent sin of americans who speak to europeans , and might be risking sounding a little chauvinistic , but i think it 's one of the milestones of westernity , that the us could create a framework principle like it , that would end up informing so strongly how modern democratic societies keep their impulse to govern in check . 
  i do n't know how to evaluate the quality of greek spending , either in terms of their military hardware * or * in terms of how it might be impeding their economic contributions to the eu ( which in turn puts a squeeze on ramping up spending from other more developed nations like germany ) there are definitely some indications that both their spending , and personnel commitments are far outsized , though . 
  ( and again , outsized spending for them might not be a good thing long term , for nato or the eu ) https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/38rqo0/quickdirtyunsophisticated_look_at_nato_burden/, 
   but the idea is you do n't know what 's useful until after the fact . 
  here in the us , our intelligence agencies were put through hell when it came out after 9/11 how many opportunities to see the terrorists speaking to one another , or communicating their plans , or acting in certain ways should 've indicated something was up . 
  but there was n't any way for the data to be collected by a central agency , there was n't any way for all of this to be analyzed , and there was no sense that ` everything ' could matter among either the fbi , cia , or nsa - - they did n't share everything they had on everyone . 
  now that a massive data collection , retention , and analysis architecture of digital and behavioral surveillance exists , domestically via the fbi , internationally via the cia , and enabled by the informational technology edge of the nsa , the american public looks at this powerful apparatus like it said it wanted to have existed before 9/11 and hates it . 
  security vs freedom was a thorny issue back when the anti-federalists made sure firearms ownership was guaranteed via the 2nd amendment back in the late 1700s , it still is now , and i imagine it will forever be .
