  no one should really be coming close to the us anyway . 
  we ought to be dropping our spending in europe and on nato , the alliance should n't live and die on our involvement alone . 
  also , we really have to commit forces to asia and the pacific . 
  there should be a big change in which partners nato relies on , though . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/38rqo0/quickdirtyunsophisticated_look_at_nato_burden/ personally , i think one way to look at the data is how much of a nation 's gdp goes to nato/defense and how much of the nations labor pool goes to the military . 
  i was n't confident in making any kind of time scaled formula for that , so i just kept the nations in a rank order . 
  i do n't know how long three years at what kind of growth indicates what expected shared contribution , so it 's almost a qualitative look . 
  but greece ( and turkey ) are taking on very strange roles in nato . 
  humbly , i would think it 'd be a good idea for greece to slowly draw down the percentage of its labor force dedicated to troops , as it directs public money from the military to paying back creditors and ensuring pensioners and young consumers have some public support . 
  this will require nato to have partners like germany and italy step it up on troop numbers and modern hardware and the like . 
  but a reduction in greek spending should also come with changes in how much nato relies on turkey - - no one can really take them to task on the isis stuff because by sheer number of troops provided , the alliance is kind of dependent on them . 
  that should change . 
  germany is really well poised economically to do a lot more in nato than it is doing . 
  the integration of your brothers and sisters in the east is mostly complete . 
  i believe a greece that can take a breather from nato obligations and work on economic revitalization will be good for germany and the eu , and i think a france , germany , etc which take on a bigger role in nato and allow eastern europe to catch up economically will be good for the eu . 
  in terms of the sway we attempt to have , we 're not nearly as bad as russia is to belarus or ukraine - we do n't view you as they do . 
  russia 's iron man political types truly think of themselves as inheritors of the legacy of the kievan rus ' and ukrainians and belarussians and ruthenians ( and other slavs ) as on a continuum of being `` theirs '' . 
  whether empire , soviet , or federation , the coalescence and unity of their power and dominion of the land to exclude any foreigners from the west is the goal . 
  a buryat or kazakh or tatar is an assimilated person for this mindset . 
  a `` ukranian '' is an * estranged * one . 
  the us on security issues takes a tone much closer to `` wash the fucking dishes and take out the trash on tuesdays , kevin , fucking goddamit we agreed on this '' , and then starts monopolizing the fridge space and pantry when kevin does n't . 
  a shitty thing to do but if he wo n't maintain the kitchen and i 'm in there so often anyway ... 
  furthermore , between us security and cultural presence and russian diktat , i 'm pretty sure we all know which one is better . 
  the us ought be able to look to the developed , urbane economies of europe and find partners in trade who also keep it honest on security and policy overreach because they 're strong enough not to pull its pant leg and point at the russians whenever there is trouble . 
  we should n't be in any position where we figure that we might as well make european policy benefit us because we feel the security burden requires more and more justification . 
  do the dishes , take out the trash on defense spending and hardware modernization and troop numbers and we 'll stop using everything from the whole freezer to glasses cabinet on trade and spying policy . 
  maybe that sounds like too low brow an analogy , but the us-eu relationship does n't strike me nearly as hostile as the russian-former eastern bloc/not nato relationships . 
  the us ' politicians would have far less power over their european colleagues if the us were n't effectively the only provider of security and intelligence to the eu . 
  from ttp to spying on merkel , nearly all the ` interference ' of the us happens because our politicians and a great deal of the populace sees the eu as weak , effete , and little more than client states who ca n't manage their currency or debt , and are nowhere near having militaries or industry that could make them capable of dealing with russia when it misbehaves . 
  so ` of course ' americans should dictate domestic policy . 
  we dictate the security policy as well because the states that govern europe gave up on that function - why not this one . 
  i realize how ugly that sounds , but it 's the truth . 
  if we 're the only ones protecting your economic interests and activity , we 've got a reason to ensure we align them with our own to a greater degree beyond what 's already enough to make us care in the first place just from the shared cultural and political viewpoints . 
  europe likes to pretend these are separate issues , but they simply are n't . 
  it 's different for the uk/anglosphere , and potentially germany as well ( they 're being made a part of those sharing arrangements ) , but a europe that could easily tell the us to close the bases , and do so without jeopardizing their own security and intelligence capacity would be a europe that could look after its own material security , and a europe that did n't need to bow to us demands on what their economies should look like . 
   you are talking about people `` who want to work '' . 
  you can not work on vwp , b1 or student visa . 
  the us does n't figure in as a location polish people try to get student and work visas for , because there is n't regular travel for other purposes . 
  i am saying because the us specifically excludes poland , as opposed to nearly every other nation in europe , there is far less polish travel than their would be , and as a result , far fewer younger people , college educated people , etc deciding , if they do want to immigrate , to do so to the us . 
  we 're just not on their radar , this just is n't somewhere they 're familiar with , or have had friends go to . 
  our work and student visa situations being awful for non-immigrants and out immigration viasaa are bad too , but polish exclusion from vwp means effectively we get no casual entry , greatly reducing our exposure to purpose visa issuance . 
  it makes us like an undescribed menu item you only see and taste of you buy it , while the other items at the restaurant have little sampling dishes brought out before hand . 
  it 's not difficult for the illegals !, 
  half our political landscape just rolls out a fucking red carpet , and a good chunk of the other half is more than happy to use them as cheap labor , so they 're here by the millions . 
  yeah , apparently you should come en masse without having learned english , avoid paying taxes , make sure you live in cultural enclaves , have lots of anchor baby kids , strain our public assistance programs and pledge your loyalty to a party that wants more dependent voters . 
  that seems to prompt massive action on getting you into the country permanently and a `` pathway to citizen ship '', 
  not talking about immigrant visas alone . 
  http://www.kirk.senate.gov/images/press-releases/visawaiver-europeancountries.png maybe i should 've clarified , but anyone that follows this knows the polish visa issue is their exclusion from the vwp that pretty much every other european or ` european ' country participates in . 
  it makes the us out of reach for casual travel , and it 's why , i believe , the us is n't a more popular student , worker , and immigrant destination for poland . 
  maybe * you * should learn what people are talking about . 
  it 's not free food . 
  but it 's vastly cheaper food , vastly cheaper medicine , than would otherwise be possible . 
  medicine aid is probably good : http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/14/world/americas/14iht-food.4.7116855.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 food aid is destroying the economies of many african nations by making it impossible for domestic production to be worthwhile . 
  1 ) totally agree 2 ) totally agree 3 ) totally agree but none of those would be ends that could be pursued if there were real cost controls on reproduction and the maturation of individuals to reproductive age , i.e. , it being obvious your kids will starve if you have more and more of them , and simply be extra mouths to feed , not hands to work . 
  us immigration law is retarded : instead of snapping up em these young people who want to work , we 're going to erect barriers to them as we apparently can only accept people from far more impoverished countries who bring along lots of criminals , too . 
  like :  31 percent have at least secondary education . 
  holy shit , i really just do n't understand the us position on visa issuance to poland . 
  all just speculation : it depends ; some african nation 's population growth exists pretty much because the west 's economies massively subsidize their food and medical availability through aid , as well as chinese investment ( hoping to get political blessings to go after their natural resources ) . 
  some african nations population growth is because they 're simply developing economies which are n't really doing too badly , and people are having kids because they 're optimistic . 
  there 's no shortage of writing on how the african aid problem is just a scaled up version of the welfare issue in western economies ; instead of being aid that * helps * people move from being dependent to being independent , it 's actually enabling a situation of dependence ; the kid not moving out of the house , the benefits-housing guy never getting a job to rent his own apartment , the nation not farming because how can you make it as a farmer when food comes for free from government ? 
  those arguments have some merit ( both for welfare and foreign aid ) , but they miss a bigger issue - - the west is running out of the ability to just provide like that for it 's * own * people , too . 
  i see a lot of european/eu origin and us origin aid to africa diminishing in the next few years , as the us takes on a larger and larger swell of latin america into its borders , and the eu 's own refugee and immigration patterns mean there are simply lots of new dependents ( plenty * from * africa ) within its member nations whose economies are flagging . 
  so * maybe * it 'll mean a lot of african nations , now with tremendous human capital in terms of youthful people to work and study will actually do very , very , well . 
  but i fear the rug might be pulled out too soon , and they 're expanding too quickly for the development and infrastructure of their countries to catch up , and resource shortages ( particularly water ) will lead to a shit ton of violence and despair and lots and lots of deaths . 
  your spanish sounds funny . 
  our constitution only exists because it was clear a non-tax funded , non-supreme , federal congress and executive and judiciary could n't stop bigger states from running roughshod over smaller poorer ones . 
  kind of like the eu now . 
  the compromise was federal supremacy and tax power , equivalent representation of all states in the higher house of the legislature ( senate ) and proportional-ish representation in the lower house of representatives . 
  states elected their equal numbers of senators , approved by their governor , the people of each state elected the reps - - then we made even senators directly elected , further centralizing power with the federal government instead of the states ( in addition to having a civil war ) our big issues of the day : immigration , firearms , abortion , health insurance , etc. 
  are still on lines of state-federal power and individual rights vs collective american interests , etc. 
  but our system has clearly preserved a great deal of latitude for member states , though they are n't independent at all ( even texas , once truly it 's own country is no more so ) , and individual rights against a federal government . 
  perhaps the same might be true for europe . 
  but you all do n't share a language or culture . 
  a federal system works , even if people * are * against it - - - it just has to be a system that allows for discontent to do its own thing internally , so long as obligations of the union are met . 
  one state does n't have to have another 's marriage laws or gun laws or whatever - - - despite a growing move by people on both sides of every issue to use the federal constitution to win their way of life as a dictum in the courts system . 
  they just have to support a minimal spanning set of federal laws and provide tax revenues to the fed - - the decision making that controls how that money is spent happens in washington , but all of those politicians still have to win their constituent 's votes . 
  state houses have become much less powerful , and anti-federalist notions have turned into conservative recalcitrance over the power of the federal government in the modern age , and new pushes for states rights . 
  but by and large it works , and the eu does n't seem to , even though it 's poised to have a common currency and common financial and trade policy . 
  same deal from him with support for the kurds . 
  they 've always been our allies there , we 've gone to war for them before , but he wo n't clear much more than a few bombing runs for them . 
  they need fuel , medicine , ammo , and equipment . 
  he 's too nervous about having to deal with turkey to do anything for them . 
  arguably exactly what putin did post-budapest memorandum . 
  they 're trying . 
  we should show them how to do it better and give them the right tools so the next time russia tries , they lose lots and lots of their young men in horrible ways and reconsider using blatant aggression and annexation to steal parts of someone else 's country . 
  that 's missing the point . 
  you are not supposed to die for your country . 
  you are supposed to make the bastard from another country threatening your own die for * his * . 
  that 's what 's sweet and fitting . 
  i lucked out hardcore and was raised going to a traditional ashram . 
  but i also grew up in redneck town , usa . 
  best of both worlds , really . 
  one of the things i am most proud of the us for is the first amendment . 
  unless someone is inciting physical harm and posing a clear and present material danger , political speech of all kinds is allowed , and the forbidding by government of expressing notions is what is verboten . 
  it 's a shame , though , i see more and more americans who want to have the moronic dictum of `` safe spaces '' and feel-good hugbox standards created by universities and large corporate pr departments in the last ten or so years become government policy . 
   flag desecration is illegal in several european countries yeah , see , this is retarded . 
   `` making fun of religion '' may be hate speech or not , depending on what is being said . 
  also retarded . 
   hate speech is * not * protected in europe lol , k keep pretending you have n't created an apparatus for the state to determine `` acceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' expression and to arrest and silence people on that basis even if they have n't created material harm . 
  ehhhh , derived term .
