  anything more and it 's just people being tediously anxious that everyone notice them . 
  i wonder what the distribution of attitudes is across europe . 
  missile defense will only be a deterrent to launches . 
  not conventional forces slowly annexing a region . 
  the appetite for war in the west ( especially among western european nato members is so low ) that i think the rf could relatively easily break nato by drawing the us and uk and * not * the germans and others , into a protracted insurgent driven war in an annexed area of their choice . 
  what 's more likely is russia slowly annexing nations when the will to defend them is n't strong . 
  look at the demographics of the easternmost nations . 
  the german public has already said ` why die for danzig ? ', 
  when it comes to poland . 
  what is the us to assume about portuguese or italian concerns about latvia ? 
  the netherlands 's investment in romania ? 
  suppose `` separatists '' forment in a highly russified part of latvia . 
  suppose the russian military provides them and the many ethnically or linguistically russian people there who are latvian nationals , both humanitarian aid and military equipment . 
  is the us 100 % sure that all nato nations will react with force and begin deployments for a shooting war ? 
  or is it possible some will say ` let 's have a peaceful resolution ' ? 
  and press for talks and ceasefires ? 
  and will some territory they 've never been to be all that worth fighting russia over ? 
  ukraine was n't in nato , neither was georgia , but how committed to nato are the strongest european nations ? 
  to be fair to the russians , we 've definitely fucked with them before . 
  the public did n't know about our icbm batteries in turkey and italy , and the soviets were ultimately correct in our own internal assessments about the jupiter class missiles vs polaris ; they were obsolete . 
  too slow for a response to launched missiles ... but fast enough to be first strike missiles . 
  it was part of what motivated the soviets to put nukes in cuba in response . 
   german authorities are investigating 40 cases in which islamic militants are suspected of having entered the country with the recent flood of refugees from the middle east , the federal police said on wednesday . 
   that represents a doubling of such cases since january and is likely to deepen concerns about the threat level in germany , which has not suffered a large-scale islamist attack like those that have rocked neighbours france and belgium in recent months . 
   in the past , the german government has played down the risks of islamic state fighters entering europe with the tide of migrants , in part to avoid exacerbating public concerns about the influx , which hit a record 1.1 million last year . 
  ____________ let 's not lose sight of the * real * problem , which is the rise of the right-wing in europe and their racist xenophobic islam bashing , and their proposals which dare put european nationals interests ahead of those of foreigners !!, 
  looks like [ this ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-12-07/bp-shell-plan-to-resume-exploration-boost-production-in-libya ) did n't [ work out ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-04-28/libya-oilfield-write-off-by-total-is-ominous-sign-to-other-firms ) like they hoped . 
   he was arrested for doing several actions based on his thoughts . 
  saying that a society does n't ban thinking a certain way , but merely acting based on unacceptable thoughts is as to say that a society is free to plant seeds , but forbidden from harvesting fruit . 
   now for a long time . 
  they do n't have freedom of the speech or press like we do . 
   pussification of the world continues it 's not pussification of the world , so much as it is fascism within our governments . 
   granny down the road got bashed but that 's ok lads we caught some dude teaching his pug how to heil !, 
  notice how one is a crime whose prevention and address would be the government working on behalf of the people , and the other is the government ensuring the people do n't step out of line . 
  the closer cops are to the latter than the former , the more corrupt a civilian government is , no matter how warm and fuzzy they seem otherwise . 
  i do n't speak serbo-croatian , but this seems a * whole * lot like like how indians and pakistanis pretend that hindi and urdu are * totally definitely completely separate languages * , and hindu indians affect some kind of sanskrit accent and muslim pakistanis will ape something they think sounds like persian or arabic if they 're pressed . 
   we 'll be seeing a lot of apologism from the left . 
  apologism in that sense , and ` apologists ' are usually people who excuse an unsavory thing on behalf of people who did it . 
  apo-logos in the original sense , of ` justification ' and having an ` excuse ' , not actually an admission of culpability and seeking forgiveness that we have in ` apologize ' and ` apologies ' - - those are actually the more modern interpretations . 
  and in fact , i think the left wo n't even apologize . 
  they 'll never want to admit that the `` far right '' ( so often * socialist * as well in europe ) could have been right , and they , in the moneyed academia who get to rule and petite bourgeoisie middle-class who aspire to be like them , were wrong . 
  [ you never want to ` give comfort ' to reactionaries ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/books/00/03/12/specials/sontag-communism.html ) , even if it means you have to overlook the brutality of stalin or mao . 
   '' we were so sure who our enemies were ( among them , the professional anti-communists ) , so sure who were the virtuous and who the benighted . 
  ... and we were countenancing a great deal of untruth . '', 
  i 'm sure they 're wonderful people , and would n't be more inclined to harm people if they did n't . 
  go hunting with them more often !, 
  it will annoy your brothers and your dad will be secretly thrilled . 
  do you think your dad and brothers are * unusually * law abiding and responsible ? 
  a great number of european jurisdictions have de facto , though not de jure , better and more expansive gun ownership favorable laws than several us states , including california , new york , and new jersey , some of our most populated , and many us cities within them . 
  if new york city had the same gun laws as prague , i would be a happy , happy man . 
   it always amazes me how anti-globalists and populistic-nationalists always seem to be the most globalized and inter-cultural out of everybody . 
  you preserve pleasant differences , also , when you preserve difference . 
  she sounded dutch as fuck during a recent game of thrones episode ( speaking a made up language , which is n't supposed to resemble it ) . 
  also ` van ' anything is kind of a giveaway . 
  we would have liked to know pim fortuyn better , but , you know ... 
  trump supporters know who wilders is because he 's been an islamic-polemic for a long time ( longer than trump 's been in the spot light for it ) . 
  they also know him , if not through that , for the same reason they know zeman , petry , and farage ( and to a lesser , wall-centric extent , orban ), 
   what good is it when one nato member is at another nato members throat ? 
  turkey and greece are nato members . 
  they 've been pacified through joining a us led alliance long before the eu ever existed . 
   i believe any eu army would have to be entirely voluntary for member states to join or not . 
  this is why nato will continue to be the military of the eu . 
   they may not be ready for eu admission but , nato come on . 
  it is not fair . 
  not fair is asking for nato to take care of a european nation which `` is n't ready '' for eu admission , while eu nations who are nato members spend fucking nothing on defense . 
   i do n't know why a pan-european intelligence agency does n't exist yet . 
  no pan-european military , police , or civilian oversight who are popularly elected and trusted by all constituent european nations . 
  also , interpol exists . 
   we 'll have a stern talk with him when russia joins the eu and promises to accept and promulgate european values . 
  joining the eu means you have to change your existing value structure to reflect `` european '' values ? 
  what are those ? 
  how are they different from otherwise polish values ? 
  otherwise specifically * portguese * values or * french * values ? 
  is there a lot of distance between lithuanian values when they do n't mesh with ` european ' values that perhaps specifically german values bridge a little better ? 
   a union that is much more than an economic zone or a defense pact . 
  [ the poles ca n't even expect the german populace to want to defend them ** in ** a defense pact ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/opinion-a-slap-in-the-face-for-east-europeans-and-americans/a-18509284 )  should the polish people indeed share putin 's or russia 's sentiments in regard to religion , civic society and human rights we should have a talk about whether the eu is still the right place for them . 
  please , germany still wo n't let gay people marry . 
  see ? 
  i can blow shit out of proportion , too . 
  that 's hardly the point . 
  you would n't find every last catholic in the ira , but there sure would n't be a lot of them in the ulster volunteers . 
  it will save you on taxes , and you 'll be able to get a mortgage for a place with a backyard . 
  then again , you can also get that in some parts of queens ... 
   or maybe simply put . 
  our goals are different then the western goals . 
  and i do n't see the need to make the goals the same . 
  this is something that does n't even cross the minds of the intelligentsia of the west when it comes to putin . 
  they ca n't comprehend how completely differently he sees the world . 
  polish people not having the same goals for their society in terms of religion and demographics and civic society that enlightened western leaders want for their people wo n't be obvious if putin not wanting peaceful resolutions in ukraine is n't . 
  the same myopia is there in how the chinese-us relationship works . 
  though they 've come into modernity and are developed , they take a totally different view of civic freedoms internally and the long-game economically than we do . 
  we prioritize individuality and the short term at a deep cultural level , and their polity pursues harmony and steadiness . 
  however , eastern europe seems like it 's quickly moving forward economically on the same lines that western europe once grew on , and that 's a good thing for everyone . 
  oecd rankings say poland is the safest in the eu . 
  some people also do n't understand that the only good thing about this goverent being that they do n't take refugees * was all it took * for them to win , and was a political option available to those who lost , for that very reason . 
  we did fine without one for a long , long time , because we did n't have millions of illegals in our country allowed access to work and housing despite being illegally here . 
  we do n't need national id cards and state to state border crossings . 
  we need to refuse further illegal immigrants coddling and start cracking down on all government and business entities that betray the country . 
  eeeek !, 
  i mean in terms of overstay risk - not saying one group is better than another or anything .
