  ... i mean , then there 's a much , much bigger problem than guns to be discussed , i think . 
   assuming po wins the next election and gets a majority like pis now - will they revert all the changes or will they quietly take advantage of the created situation ? 
  my understanding is that each polish government tries doing this , and pis doing it is especially shitty because of how they campaigned on the promise of being * totally different * and out to save the integrity of the polish polity . 
  that 's fine - - what about non-migrants who are german citizens ? 
  what happens if * they * were involved ? 
  the fact that there can be a foreign culture and one that is materially incompatible with a native culture , among people who are legally native to a country because of immigration , is the issue that european politics is failing to address constructively . 
  the political leaders of the modern pluralist society that typifies the west can not responsibly ignore this issue , or it * will * become dominated by the very worst ideological actors when no one else is willing to speak to regular people 's anxieties . 
  we 're seeing that now here in the us with trump . 
  people in establishment positions for decades ignored illegal immigrant , put up with it , even enabled it , all the while the intelligentsia pooh-poohed any objections and fears as either racist or overblown . 
  then with several high profile crimes and border crises , someone like trump has become a front runner almost * entirely * because of his unwillingness to ignore the immigration issue and harness all the unassuaged fears of the electorate . 
  what will become of europe if each nation has its own trumps winning power ? 
  winning seats in parliament and trans-national eu structures ? 
  there are implications beyond just the migrant issue for such an outcome , and they are just as important as the migrant issue , as integration issues , that even if the establishment of european politics wants to ignore the current confidence crisis , they can not really ignore * those * matters and remain in the establishment !, 
   if british children gathered in the glow of the kitchen hearth to hear stories about magic swords and talking bears , american children sat at their mother 's knee listening to tales larded with moral messages about a world where life was hard , obedience emphasized , and christian morality valued . 
  each style has its virtues , but the british approach undoubtedly yields the kinds of stories that appeal to the furthest reaches of children 's imagination . 
  what about giant paul bunyan and babe the magical blue ox ? 
   landscape matters : britain 's antique countryside , strewn with moldering castles and cozy farms , lends itself to fairy-tale invention . 
  as tatar puts it , the british are tuned in to the charm of their pastoral fields but this article mentions huckleberry finn . 
  geography and landscape figure in hugely into mark twain 's writing and many others . 
  the plains and western deserts are * the * settings of all our cowboy mythologies . 
  i 'll give them the pagan religion connection that is absent in american folkore , but then the article imposes all sorts of value judgements and prescriptions about child psychology onto folkloric traditions in britain as opposed to the us . 
  this just seems like anglophone ( well ... * anglo * phone ) romanticism and sophisticated yank-scolding . 
   so this is basically saying that people getting mad at immigrants for potentially doing something bad is worse than immigrants doing something bad ? 
  well , if * this * is his quote :  what happens on the right-wing platforms and in chat rooms is at least as awful as the acts of those assaulting the women then he 's not basically saying that in a reduction of a broader point , that * is * what he 's saying : that right wing platforms and chatroom activity is ` at least as awful ' ( if not more ) than literally sexually assaulting women . 
  so , i guess he either does n't know what sexual assault is , or he just really , really , really does n't like the right wing . 
  i can * just barely * read children 's texts in russian , another slavic family language wo n't be something i acquire for quite some time if at all . 
  i was mostly just going off the ( poor and for me , not improvable ) google translation of the article , more than your sentiments - i did n't intend to really take you to task on anything !, 
  right , that 's the observation he 's making insofar as what he thinks about them . 
   you extend this trust to person who few weeks ago said , and i quote , `` our intelligence agency is monitoring every muslim in slovakia '' well , shit . 
  at least we have n't elected trump , yet ... 
   it could be argued that all of this could be done through eu and other alliances yeah but what other alliances and with what military forces ? 
   in germany you still have to have proof , before you persecute someone . 
  this kind of due process and system of law and order is , absolutely , a good thing . 
  but perhaps it means germany should be careful about hosting , permanently so , many people who * do not * play by those kinds of rules of process , of law , of social order ? 
  i 'm not even sure what he 's saying is the second one . 
  as an american who is hindu , but who * did n't * get born to parents who immigrated to several cities in new jersey , new york , or california , ... i actually feel kind of weirded out when i go somewhere like iselin or edison , new jersey . 
  it feels like going to india , it 's really strange . 
  i do n't feel like i 'm in america , or with other americans , and i would dispute the idea that this kind of concentration of other cultural norms would be necessary for us to retain a ` hindu ' community . 
  in the same way , i do n't see fico 's statement as saying there should not be any kind of muslim community , but rather any attendant cultural differences and customs which distinguish * those muslims from non-european cultures * should not be allowed to become the dominant culture regardless of religion , in slovakia . 
  not that there should be inspector 's running about making sure there are n't violations of a number of muslims per square kilometer rule or something . 
  perhaps i am giving him too much credit , and i 'm not aware of the flavor with which he is speaking , but in the article 's translation ( google ) he simply says there will be two measures his government pursues : 1 ) aid to schengen 's security and the protection of its external border 2 ) limiting the amount of foreign immigration on a numbers basis if the government feels they risk enabling cultural enclaves developing over time i find absolutely nothing objectionable about these proposals as they are . 
   for example in austria you would need 66 % of parliament to vote for a change together with the federal council ( all the states ) then 50 % +1 votes in a referendum then the president and the highest court have to be ok with the change . 
  sort of close to our legislative limits , but a constitutional convention for an amendment is even * more * involved ; state governments have to accede to that as well . 
   the court alone would not be able to change it from absolute to restricted like it did in the us though . 
  scotus has actually largely been expanding the freedom of speech , but you 're right ; a single federal body has massive power in us federal law ( which is supreme to state law ) solely by interpretive power . 
  well , about half the us wanted what they called confederation but actually literally just did n't want abolition . 
  the state vs federal tensions has been going on in us politics since we adopted a bicameral legislature to balance big and small states power in the federal system , through the civil war , to the present day . 
   a united states of europe would put the uk at a big disadvantage . 
  bermuda was going to be one of the colonies that rebelled , right up until so many people left to join the revolution that only loyalists remained . 
  has bermuda been disadvantaged by a strong us ? 
  they get to do their own thing , we get to have our federalism . 
  it works . 
  why should n't it for the uk ? 
  or any nation * near * the eu for that matter ? 
   any threat or call to immenent violence is illegal here has nothing to do with ideological hate . 
  clarification : i am the person to whom the reddit handle lolmonger refers in this sentence . 
  i am not advocating any kind of violence or anything . 
  someone saying `` lolmonger ought to be fucking killed tomorrow on january 8th , 2016 , and he lives here [ address ] , i 'll pay for it ! '', 
  because they do n't like what i did to their sister on prom night , is doing something illegal . 
  has nothing at all to do with the codes governing `` hate speech '' like they exist in europe . 
  there * are * greater punishments our legal codes give to those whose crime ( which we are convicting them of ) was * motivated * by broad ideological concerns , because we want to punish those materializing as violence . 
  but we * do not * criminalize ideology in the us . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ justcivilpenalitieslikeifyou ` readirtyrottencommietryingtogetavisaorimmigratehere, 
   it 's that people do n't have a right to incite public hatred of others on basis of the fact that they belong to a specific group ( ie ; race , gender , religion , etc ) . 
  that 's not true everywhere . 
  it 's not true in the us , for instance . 
  someone could clarification : i am a brown hindu person say : `` i think all indian origin hindu people are turd colored monkey worshipping savages and we should get rid of all of them ! '', 
  and it would be perfectly legal . 
  their tweet might get removed , their reddit or youtube comment might get deleted , but there would be no basis in federal law for them to be arrested . 
  the standard of speech is not from the scotus case someone linked above that created fighting words doctrine , but * brandenburg * , an even * stronger * protection for speech :  * `` the constitutional guarantees of free speech and free press do not permit a state to forbid or proscribe advocacy of the use of force or of law violation except where such advocacy is directed to inciting or producing imminent lawless action * '' the individual right of free speech is massively more protected in the us , and not so much in europe . 
   the same reason america and alot of other countries on earth ban it . 
  your freedoms are limited if and when they infringe on the rights of someone else . 
  the american threshold for when the act of speaking is no longer politically protected , but a security/obscenity concern that loses legal protection ( or invites legal action ) is far , far further than exists in most european polities . 
   at the moment the definition of hate speech in europe may be a bit broader than somewhere else . 
  http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/09/man-arrested-for-parodying-mayor-on-twitter-gets-125k-in-civil-lawsuit/ if you fuck with free speech in america , even when someone is using a non-governmental , private forum that can set its own rules , you 're probably going to have to pay out a huge settlement . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-31906452 not quite true in jolly olde england . 
   if that is a good or bad thing is for the people to decide in elections etc. 
  well , wait a minute . 
  is it ? 
  should a society * really * be able to as transiently as they hold * elections * change what is and is n't legally protected to say out loud ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  nothing could happen like a majority sufficiently large enough to win an election and pass legislation being capable of breaking the right of speech ? 
  perhaps my jingoism is showing , but i think this is exactly why you need a constitutional legal framework that exists to bound the rulemaking process itself . 
   why is there such fright to confront these criminals ? 
  it 's the same in the us , too . 
  not all of them behave badly , and they fundamentally offer the establishment of governments three important things : 1 ) massively reduced labor costs by flooding the labor pool from the bottom up 2 ) fertility and increased population for a tax and consumer base 3 ) a new electoral demographic replace n. africa and the middle east with any other european nation poorer than the host nation , and with different fertility than the host nation , and go back in time about 20 or 30 or 40 years . 
  you 'll see the same desires and rhetoric about free movement and travel and guest workers . 
  it has nothing to do with their religion or isis or race or whatever . 
  our masters want more people , more working people , more buying people , and more consuming people , living on less land , owning less property , being less individualistic , producing more and more wealth for them . 
  then i guess you have to start airlifting everyone from that place to your own country , build them houses , provide them jobs ( or money ) , and let them vote . 
  denazification was a us policy that did n't have relevance into the 60s . 
  certainly was n't the chief ideological concern when half the country got occupied by the soviets . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the massive self imposed handwringing and self-shaming each generation gets over the holocaust and ww2 even post-reunification that goes beyond just giving kids a healthy sense of the history , but basically makes nationalism impossibile . 
  denazification policies from the 40s and 50s are n't why several younger cohorts of germans care so little for germany-first policy . 
  i really do think it is this . 
  it seems like a large sector of german generations have been unable to conceive of german culture , language , history , and customs to be something worth protecting and promoting through policy . 
  both . 
  english is such a mutt language , that it makes the study of german and french and other nordic or romance or any indo-european language a treat . 
  english itself is just a slapdash , but functional airplane . 
  the rest of the ie family is an endlessly scenic world to fly over and explore .
