  fanta exists because coca cola could n't go to nazi germany , ostalgia for certain products and ways of life is still pretty strong , krtcek was the answer to mickey mouse , etc. 
  the avtovaz/lada lineup that continues to this day was a result of both political and financial ( resulting * from * political ) barriers to western manufacturers having their cars sold in the ussr - but not the other way around !, 
  these things still exist , they are outlets of economic production and opportunities for employment , etc. 
  it 's not so bad . 
  but that 's not the only thing that happens in isolation ; fanta was n't hardly the only result of germany isolating itself and becoming isolated from the world . 
  as easy as it is to simply end the discussion with `` lol , paranoid kremlin , fuck them '' , i think ngos and western people should take great pains to see how they can , independent of their polities , continue to engage with russia and russians , so that there is still some civil discourse and exposure between what * should n't * be separate peoples , anymore than spain and poland are separate . 
  otherwise it 's the national version of a guy locked away in his room reading propaganda and fuming about the world he never interacts with ; it 's radicalizing , and dangerous . 
  the guideline is n't an arbitrary one . 
  the real point of a 2 % commitment to funding is that if you dedicate that much of your budget - - not an unsizeable amount , and it definitely is n't the `` same '' two percent pain for smaller , growing economies , it 's worse - - the real point , is that it provides a consistent budgetary framework for nato allied forces to adapt to changing nato demands . 
  it 's not supposed to be two percent total , x subdivision on small arms and motorized troops , y on armor and anti-air , z on long range air and sea capabilities . 
  it 's supposed to be a figure that ( given how many nato nations there are ) , constitutes a negotiable space for there to be a diversity in capabilities . 
  no one expects the lithuanians to be able to roll up in thousands and thousands of up-armored main battle tanks , no one should expect britain to have one million troops ready to hit the dirt anywhere on the planet in 72 hours , etc. 
  but there should be * some * kind of ` floor ' that each nation meets , representing the share of their national output going to shared ( not personal ! ), 
  defense , and it should be one that reflects flexibility in acquiring and maintaining the capabilities of combined arms warfare that nato nations have to engage in for both peacekeeping and the ` nightmare ' scenario of european/asian wide defense of multiple partners . 
  * i 'm not just spouting this at you *  when the nac unanimously decides to engage in an operation , there is no obligation for each and every country to contribute to the operation unless it is an article 5 collective defence operation , in which case expectations are different . 
  in all cases , contributions are voluntary and vary in form and scale , from for instance a few soldiers to thousands of troops , and from armoured vehicles , naval vessels or helicopters to all forms of equipment or support , medical or other . 
  these voluntary contributions are offered by individual allies and are taken from their overall defence capability to form a combined alliance capability . 
   in 2006 , nato member countries agreed to commit a minimum of two per cent of their gross domestic product ( gdp ) to spending on defence . 
  this guideline principally served as an indicator of a country 's political will to contribute to the alliance 's common defence efforts . 
  additionally , the defence capacity of each member country has an important impact on the overall perception of the alliance 's credibility as a politico-military organisation . 
  http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_67655.htm like , that 's the whole point . 
  the spending formula is n't arbitrary , and it was agreed to . 
  non-us nato partners ( much like the entirety of the eu ) have a collective wealth that * surpasses ours * . 
  yet , they spend less than half of what we do in contributing to the ` common defense ' that 's the only issue we have with nations not meeting the two percent guideline . 
  if shit hits the fan , american troops will fight and die on the beaches , streets and landing grounds so our british cousins are n't alone , and * can win * . 
  that 's the point of the whole organization , and making sure it is as robust as possible is n't a poor policy choice . 
  good ol' limeys , knew they 'd come up on it . 
  juncker is such a bro . 
  his politics might not be to your liking , but he has n't forgotten how to be young . 
  the issue here is that we 've divorced the fit of labor to capital by deciding everyone should go to college and also deciding non-professional labor ( electricians , welders , construction , * agriculture * ) ought be low prestige . 
  not only is every kid , male and female , pressured to go to a four year school ( removing them from the workforce , delaying them starting a family ) , they 're also supposed to * all * be knowledge workers . 
  or , as liberal arts apologists still spout `` well rounded '' critical thinkers . 
  whatever the fuck that is to mean . 
  i would n't be oppposed to it all if we did n't fund it the way we do . 
  taxpayers lose money to federal aid programs , colleges pocket the cash , kids carry the debt . 
  stupid , stupid , stupid . 
  the german system might be just what we need . 
  lessening national identity is why the greeks were n't on a drachma and using a `` euro '' as eu members to begin with . 
  poland seems to be doing much better with its z\u0142oty . 
  k , what 's the difference ? 
  because it seems to me that any pursuit of the perpetuation/strengthening of national identity gets called out as nationalism , and if you ca n't materially honor and support your national identity which you have pride in , what 's the difference ? 
  that they 're desperate and may be willing to work in a way that creates a race to the bottom in wage norms and worker treatment ? 
  moving from arkansas to nyc is less of a cultural shift than moving from greece to an entirely different nation with a different language and ethnicity . 
  imagine you had to move from america to chile . 
  or america to china . 
  oh i am * so * not sympathetic to the greek government , i 'm just saying i believe this is where they 're coming from . 
  it 's a pretty tough game of chicken they 're playing . 
  `` yeah , you recapitalized private banks , french and german and greek banks with the bailouts , and a * whole * 11 % went to the state ... but now the actual future of the currency in which you transferred debt liability to the shoulders of known incapable greek taxpayers , and now eurozone taxpayers , is going to be called into question , because we 've defaulted and have rejected your terms of austerity and reform in exchange for future lending . 
  suck it up , merkel and hollande : societe general and deutsche bank and bnp paribas have good asset books now , but in currency that will trade like dogshit if you do n't rescue greece ! '', 
  this is the ultimate suicide pact . 
  my guess is euclid and alexis are going to let them stew , and come back with ' here are ious which we issue , the greek state guarantees them on these terms , and you 'll rubber stamp them so we can go to the ecb and get liquidity for our people ' so now there 's either another round of bailouts to save the currency , saving greece , or the whole thing is endangered because greek debt exposure has n't actually been isolated because the debt is all still in euros - - - at least , i believe this is how syriza sees the situation . 
   if the workers agree , why not ? 
  okay great . 
  watch as the entire formerly communist society turns capitalist because people like goods in quantity , cheap . 
  so allied national military cooperation that is n't materially harming you is just cause to violently occupy and annex a sovereign nation that has n't harmed you ? 
  what a ghastly proposition . 
  it is , but you really ought read through marx 's das kapital and weber 's protestant ethic if you 're going to espouse communism and reject private enterprise . 
   but the idea is that when someone else uses your hammer , what they produce with the hammer does n't belong to you just because you own the hammer . 
  remember , hammer is a stand in here for any means or modes of production . 
  now say , the ` hammer ' i have invented is entirely different , or entirely better than anything that came before , and i will * only * let people use that property of mine , that fruit of my labor , with which they can produce a tremendous amount and type more than any other laborer , if , and only if , they will give to me a percentage of what they have made . 
  they 're free to reject this offer , and not use my ` hammer ' , of course . 
  have a problem with that ? 
   imagine communism like having 3d printers everywhere and very easy means to get the materials for it having magically appeared one day , never breaking , and never running out . 
  the hammer , by the way , is n't just a hammer . 
  it 's literally ** any ** means or mode of production , and the point of that question is for you to think about what * property * and * product of labor * actually mean insofar as means and modes of production from heavy industrial equipment to skilled labor knowledge to intellectual property can all produce further private profit . 
  oh , okay , so you 're saying the hammer is or is n't personal property , but also `` no one '' determines what is necessary for people be allowed to use ? 
  but also there is no ownership of the means and modes of production ? 
  come now . 
  surely you see the issue . 
   allow everyone to use everything they need for life determined by whom ? 
  and oh , how * generous * of the `` we '' who produce to * allow * people the use of things . 
   let them work what and however they wish to while getting the fruits of their labour themselves . 
  time for the best question to ask a marxist : can i own a hammer ? 
  what about a hammer that i * make * ? 
  can i own that , so as to not be alienated from the fruit of my labor , or is it now a means of production to be used best by someone else if i 'm not actively using it ? 
  sorry , i do know about that !, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c8luc/dear_greece_youre_welcome_sincerely_a_german/cstcvj5 you 'll hate this , but sometimes i 'll refer to it , the warsaw pact , and the soviet union interchangeably ( though they were n't ) because of my personal political philosophy about collectivism bleeding into polity , defense , and economy from any one of the three ( which i view as the defining characteristics of a nation-state ) . 
  i know it 's a really simplified heuristic for looking at your regions history , and i 'm not exactly doing away with stereotypes about american intellectual laziness , but it works !, 
  this is the same thing i tell liberals in the us about massive illegal immigration . 
  not only does n't it destroy our own unskilled labor sector , and burden our public systems that our poorest * americans * rely on , it hardly helps to solve the problems of economic underdevelopment and violence in those nations they 're coming from . 
  `` just leave ! '', 
  simply is n't a long term solution . 
   i watch john oliver show on youtube so i know watching social satire on comedy central is hardly a way to be seriously informed . 
  i get that he 's funny , and there are great ways to frame political issues to be absurd and humorous , but it 's simply not sufficient for serious examination of issues if you 're to vote on them , here or abroad . 
  i 'd say the same for his predecessors , jon stewart and stephen colbert . 
  it 's fun , but it 's not particularly nuanced/accurate . 
   arent anti-icbm systems what started this clusterfuck in the first place ? 
  the annexation of crimea and invasion of eastern ukraine ? 
  that was precipitated by a revolt against yanukovich and the russian government fearing the special agreement that kept their black sea fleet base in sebastopol would be compromised , so they annexed crimea , and then to safeguard it and expand russia , they ~ ~ invaded ~ ~ had soldiers get lost on vacation and support rebels they ~ ~ financed ~ ~ found to have curiously greatly self supplied . 
    who in their right mind thought the russians would just idly sit by and watch sdi2 .0 being built on their doorstep or having the black sea turned into a nato launchbase except no us missiles were posted in ukraine and if the us ever launches responding strike and response neutering nukes from forward territory on russian missile sites and population centers , we 're going to do it to the very last missile no matter what from everywhere we can . 
  ukraine does n't matter as far as that is concerned . 
  this was just like georgia - a russian land grab . 
  what do you expect the average young person to do ? 
  the age difference in oxi vs nai says it all - older people in the country fundamentally care about a status quo that massively benefitted them and young greeks are watching as their futures are being gambled away . 
  so they resisted and scream and shout because they 're desperate . 
  a lifetime of opportunity they thought they could have is being ripped from them because of the retarded decision making of two , three generations worth of greeks before them . 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
  flagellate and prostate themselves in front of the ecb offices and muster in their very best broken german `` we are sorry !, 
  we are wretched !, 
  we are pathetic !,
