  it 's the fundamental resentment it builds politically . 
  the us voting populace that factors in security issues into their decision making looks very critically at europe . 
  on peacekeeping outside europe , every nato country voted yes for a libya mission ( with royal dutch shell , british petroleum , and sa total clearly influencing a war for oil in a way iraq never was ) , followed by * half * of the alliance not participating . 
  not because they were n't willing ; the capability just * was n't there * . 
  totally impotent - no way to logistically get together a * tiny * naval-air operation against * northern africa * , right on the doorstep , against a technologically obsolete force so close that boat-people can make it by the thousands with good weather . 
  eu nato members straight up ran out of munitions . 
  it 's not like they were fighting against russia to maintain territorial integrity in a doomsday situation . 
  this was a ` stomp on islamists who barely have 21at century hardware ' style fight . 
  romania , poland , estonia , etc. 
  they do n't look to the powerful economies and technological abilities of their german ( or other large european ) neighbors . 
  they look to * us * , a world away when the russians threaten them . 
  so when news breaks that the nsa spies on european leaders and industry , or that we ask for newer entrants to host detention facilities , the us public basically says `` so fucking what ? '', 
  when our congress pushes trade bills that seek to make your nations ' leaders capitulate to our interests , the us public basically thinks `` good , it 's not like they manage their own transnational finances and trade well anyway '' and frankly , if in the next 20-30 years there is a confrontation with china , can the us rely on europe to do anything ? 
  to be * able * to do anything ? 
  that we constantly have to subsidize european security makes us callous to espionage against it , economic bullying against it , and deprioritizes cooperation in favor of unilateral approaches . 
  when we constantly look out for eu interests via nato we get the feeling those interests are n't just alligned with us ones - we feel like we should * make them us interests * . 
  it 's a sustainable relationship , it 's a functional one , but i do n't think it 's the best one possible . 
  he does , at the ballot box . 
  us trainers were ordered to abandon their vehicles and non essential equipment and make no contact with russian federation troops invading georgia . 
  georgian troops they had been working with were killed in that conflict , and there are videos of russian soldiers tooling around in captured humvees . 
  i suspect it partly has to do with how white/western the nation is perceived , or how terrible the enemy is seen as ( then again , we bombed christian serbs to defend bosniak muslims , but we do n't want to do too much for ukrainians against russians ) . 
  i 'd imagine sweden is one of those nations that 's valued well enough by the west that aggression against it would probably make nato go to bat , even without article 5 obligations . 
  it still sends a powerful diplomatic signal that the us ca n't assume all nations have the same boundaries as five eyes , even if they 're nato/western/otherwise close allies . 
  in fact , it 's probably healthy in the long term for both the development of germany 's own security capabilities and us policy makers developing tact . 
  you have to wonder how much of this will be public show , though - - news stories about espionage decisions are kinda strange . 
  i 'm sure there are near term practical concerns , but testing the waters of public opinion , maybe ? 
  i 'm not sure whether lots of subsequent russian butthurt will push them further away or forward . 
   i get why the cia does what it does . 
  the nsa ... that crosses the line . 
  because their operations involve breaching information protection through digital means , and not the recruitment of human sources ? 
   not because they spy on `` friendly '' governemnts ( if there is such a thing ) , but because they collect every single bit of communication . 
  what should they do otherwise ? 
  specifically leave out certain areas of collection ? 
  specifically close off certain channels ? 
  no more emails ? 
  no more spying on people who are n't age of majority ? 
  a gun should n't be designed for the defense department that a soldier ca n't point at certain targets or wo n't be able to shoot at all times . 
  the soldier should be trained instead to follow lawful orders , be proficient in shooting , and be disciplined enough to make good decisions about when to shoot and at whom absent orders . 
  i agree there should be controls on what information humans employed by a government are allowed to see without consent if it was collected , but i do n't see any functional way to practically limit the technological reach of the nsa without greatly compromising its purpose . 
  oh , come on . 
  why does the bnd exist ? 
  why do the poles have the aw ? 
  why do the russians have the fsb/svr , or before , the kgb , or before , the nkvd ? 
  the security and perpetuity of the state so that it can continue to function as the organizing body of a nation is the purpose of its warmaking apparatus , and the leaders of it have to be informed by intelligence on * everyone else 's * . 
  even when you go back to roman , indian , and chinese classcal era societies you find the same shit going on . 
  the * extent * to which they have power , and what civil liberties of their own people and allies they should n't violate on principle or under circumstanes is a fruitful discussion to have , but the idea that the nsa does n't have a legitimate interest in spying on developed nation 's industrial and technological advancements is just naieve . 
  what , you think the chinese and french do n't try looking up northrup-grumman 's skirt ? 
   how does a no vote produce restructuring ? 
  i ca n't claim to know his mind , but i guess : he thinks the ecb/imf are bluffing , and if they refuse bailout measure requirements , they 'll capitulate and say `` oh , i guess we 'll come to you for a different way to repay debt '' instead of just washing their hands and being done with it . 
  he 's basically saying a `` no '' vote puts * so * much of the eurozone and eu at risk that it will * obviously * force action by the eu/ecb/imf to settle things on better terms with greece - - that the leverage greece has is all the debt they 've accumulated * and * the instability that would happen with a permanent arrears of a eurozone member . 
  economists are n't really scientists . 
  they 're not like philosophy professors , and they make use of the scientific method , but only at the very bleeding edges of , say , physics are quantitative methods and models and their predictions in any kind of dispute . 
  there are plenty of disagreements about first principles in economics at even a qualitative level . 
  a lot of economic consensus gets built on how well those competing academic schools can secure positions * in * government via being lawyers and politicians , what 's more . 
  that exists to some extent in science , but it 's not nearly as bad . 
  the possibility of thwarting terrorist attacks ( which generally have civilian lives and civil infrastructure as their targets ) is most salient to us voters . 
  the average person ( us or otherwise ) is n't thinking on the lines of `` oh , of course the nsa ought spy on technical specs for the new generation of dassault rafael engine upgrades , because india is expressing interest in buying them , and we need some heuristic for what flight sorties their government believes is necessary to provide plane-based nuclear strikes against the pakistanis and chinese '' . 
  that 's the sort of the thing the us intelligence community and presidency obviously would want to know , something neither china , nor pakistan , nor india , nor france would want to hand over , but which can be partly gleaned through information like that . 
  but the average person on a day to day basis , is n't in the position of someone like a defense planner * whose job is to ensure the military integrity of their nation at all costs * , so that 's not the argument that 's going to get made . 
  decision making improves with a clearer picture of potential outcomes and influencing factors - - it 's that simple - - and for things like national security and defense , more information , more ability to collect and analyze that information , and privacy about what information you have , are all musts . 
  who wants to make that kind of pr argument ? 
  no one really likes having the public conversation of `` yeah , this stuff exists in case we need to start killing other people/other people want to start killing us '' , but that 's the reality of it . 
  the only reason something like five eyes exists is because us/uk/can / nz/aus 's defense planners and governments have pretty much recognized that there 's * no * way they 'll ever need to shoot at each other , and there 's a bonus to sharing information because their national interests are largely alligned . 
  germany is being made part of that via bnd collaboration with the nsa , because germany is ` close enough ' to the anglosphere in a lot of ways ( ways in which , say , spain is n't ) that 's the reason intelligence communities exist , those are the reasons ` simplistic ' arguments get made to the public , and that 's the reason government bodies charged with the * business of making sure your armies can kill and not get killed * tend to do shit that is n't particularly idealistic but pragmatic . 
  this was exactly the criticism of anti-federalists/selectmen 's councils from smaller colonies when our constitution was being written - - people in maryland did n't want massachusets ( bostonian ) or virginian interests running all over them . 
  it was n't too different from how the scots get upset when london interests become `` english '' interests become `` united kingdom '' interests . 
  that 's the reason we instituted a senate , * and * made it the upper house in term length and power . 
  maybe something like that would help the eu ? 
  i mean , you 're missing the ability to even discuss something in good faith without it being a smugfest contest . 
  this is exactly what those yokels who say shit like `` my ancestors were n't no monkeys ! 111 '' in a conversation about evolution are doing ; they 're basically coming from the default position of `` all of the people who say anything contrary to what i think are wrong , nothing they say will convince me otherwise , and i hope to berate anything they tell me and put them in their place '' . 
  all the military spending and national economy data was collected from nato , osce , sipri , and the world bank . 
  http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/news_107359.htm http://www.nato.int/nato_static/assets/pdf/pdf_topics/20140224_140224-pr2014-028-defence-exp.pdf http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs/countries/1w?display=default http://www.sipri.org/yearbook/2014/04 http://www.osce.org/library/14087?download=true, 
  a federal europe requires the militaries and national polities of each sovereign nation * no longer be so * . 
  it requires a minimally spanning set of shared laws and guarantees ( which * constitute * the basis of the government ) , it requires the cessation of true autonomy , and it requires the dissolution of each nation 's supremacy unto itself . 
  germany stops being a real country just as much as greece stops being a real country . 
  spaniards vote for the ruler of europe ( to whom any spanish head of ` state ' is subordinate ) just as much as slovenes ( with the same arrangement ) . 
  there is no more bundeswehr , there is no more hellenic army . 
  people with slovak and german last names command french born troops to fight and die on the behalf of defending estonian territory . 
  ( or whatever other combination ) if the great majority of politicians elected by people who are n't portugeuese , do n't speak portuguese and are n't from portugal want to make portugal live with realities that are n't favorable to it , and conform to the constitutional basis , then that 's what happens and portugal lives with it . 
  that 's the price of federalism , and even here , we initiated it only with a lot of laws pushed by the anti-federalists meant to * specifically * frustrate true and unchecked federalism , and we * still * have massive policy fights on the basis of state disagreement with the federal government based on people 's regional differences . 
  all with the same language and heritage . 
  a federal `` united states of europe '' might be a better structure , but that structure still only works if people go along with it . 
  when it 's so that the us as an actually sovereign nation/financially sound one guaranteeing the efficacy of its security apparatus to guard the entire western world 's financial and social interests remains as such , yeah , sure . 
  when it 's for other bullshit ( which is * often * , and often masquerading as the former ) , no , i do n't . 
   i am all ears . 
  no , you 're not . 
  you 're doing what a greek leftist does by saying `` what did i miss besides german bigotry and the millionth pension reduction ? 
  oh , and vat increases . '', 
  and i suppose if she did pay taxes on her salary ( which is untaxed as a legal matter , not an exploited loophole ) , there would n't be any objections to her prouncements from the imf , right ? 
  yeah , well , apparently the greek response to people whom they * do * owe money is also `` fuck off , none of your business '' . 
  maybe coe just wanted in on some of the abuse . 
  maybe the problem is that you 're so wrapped up in your own propaganda bubble you think that 's all that is ever proposed . 
  just ignore it . 
  everyone reads and understands his ( imperfect ) english , and moves on . 
  if he feels a little better typing in french , let him . 
  welcome to the real world i guess ; just like a parent who pays for housing , tuition , clothing , and puts meals on the table gets to make the rules about curfew , but a child who has moved out , completed school and has a job , while visiting home , does n't have to default to parental rules . 
  your physical sovereignty * is only that which you can defend yourself . 
  * your financial sovereignty * is only that which you can pay for yourself . 
  * if your autonomy depends on someone else , it 's * not * autonomy . 
  if your independence obligates someone else to provide for you or protect you , you are n't independent .
