  i 'm not a politician , i 'm just another citizen of a country . 
  vote for politicians who will make your intelligence services well funded and strong , and who will make your militaries capable of the defense of your own land without aid . 
  then you can cut yourself from nato cooperation and us diktat . 
  so the free west should 've looked at the vichy government/capitulation of the french and said `` well , we do n't need to help them ! '', 
  and abandoned aiding the resistance on grounds of moral turpitude ? 
  yeah , but the us is one of the only countries where our national perpetuity is built via memetic propagation , and not a genetic one . 
  if my parents had gone to russia , and i 'd been born and raised there , i 'd be a russian national , fluent in russian ( likely monolingual ) - - but i could never be ! russian * . 
  they even have a hard time accepting the chechen and kazakh and buryat people as * russians * . 
  this is n't just them , either : a south asian friend of mine said the worst racism he 's seen was japan and denmark . 
  there 's just no way for a lot of countries to ultimately assimilate people , because theirs identity is partly a function of their ethnic heritage ( particularly when its on the basis of that heritage distinguishing them from their similar neighbors that they even became their own nation . 
  the us , for all its flaws , is elite in this regard at least . 
  we can go from getting saddam hussein hanged to electing barack hussein obama . 
  the best time to get a fire extinguisher is when there is no fire . 
  ah , my apologies for being so strident , then . 
  i must 've missed it in my haste , forgive me . 
   because congressmembers do n't have any pull or sway in the government ? 
  no , because these guys are hardly leaders of large internal coalitions in the democratic party . 
  i get reddit is super-duper excited about bernie sanders , but even if he won the dem nomination ( do n't hold your breath ) , it 's even * less * likely he 'd win the presidency . 
  he has about as much of a chance as ted cruz - - which is to say , not at all , because there 's so much center room available . 
   nobody is pretending that it is an official viewpoint of the entire legislative branch op titling the post : us congressional letter to imf 's christine lagarde makes it sound like a letter from * the us congress * to christine lagarde , the head of the imf , in some official capacity . 
  this is n't an official capacity , and it 's not high-level to high-level talks/comminique . 
  it 's disingenuous , because it gives the impression this is in some way a perspective that has sway in the senate and house of representatives in terms of what the us legislature would be amenable to seeing vis a vis imf policy or us policy towards greece/ez - - neither of which are true , as the pedigree ( and frankly , total number ) of the congressmembers here entails . 
  only because of uncertainty of how finances will work while they 're there . 
  if greece stays in the eurozone and has ecb/imf assistance , but a crushed economy , tourists will flock to it . 
  if greece is out of the ez , and has legacy euros/painful switch to drachma , and a crushed economy , tourists will flock to it . 
  really , the * only * thing that always deters tourists longterm is violence . 
  the one democrat who 'll be open about being a socialist , and the socialists who 'll only go so far as to call themselves democrats ' letter to imf 's christian lagarde . 
  not the us congress . 
  this does n't have any real weight ; there are established channels ( even public ones ) by which the us government negotiates or communicates with other entities , and these guys using letterhead is n't one of them . 
  i mean , if there were an option to chop off northern italy and group that in with the germans , i would . 
  the rules and enforcement were n't what they should be , but the premise of financial union for some countries is sound . 
  more realistic might have been austria + germany + benelux + nordic countries in one , spain , portugal , italy in another , balkan nations in yet another , with time for these similar cultures and people with similar policy interests and economic development , in fiscal/monetary unions to be able to achieve stable growth and convergent attitudes and policy norms in their micro unions . 
  if such a thing had been done with three or four large sectors in the eu , with four currencies and trade zones and fiscal/monetary bodies over time ( still cutting down on the prior numbers ) rather than one big one all together , i think it would have allowed more stable , deliberate convergent growth , and could 've been followed by a union of those regions sometime later . 
  same time people decided to refer to all immigrants , legal or not , as immigrants . 
   extending cooperation in multilateral units , creating a unified command structure . 
  * literally * what nato already does/has . 
   it 's because militaries and their procurement policies have increasingly become subsidy programs for an industry that employs millions of people across the continent and ca n't sustain itself with export alone . 
  and that europe has a defense policy that boils down to `` let 's stall until america gets here '' and a military complex that 's a glorified jobs program * does n't * seem like a long term security and economic issue to you ? 
   that 's not a solution . 
  so what is ? 
   in terms of the nato requirement they definitely are n't pulling their weight , but they have no real enemies and an extremely favourable geographical position . 
  right , but they still signed onto a collective defense treaty . 
  we might as well be saying `` yeah , i guess greece signed eurozone obligations and all , but they can just be bailed out if anything bad happens . 
  they know germany has the cash to do it '' * then again * that seems to be not an entirely unpopular position in some eu politicians ' minds ... 
   really ? 
  france is your example ? 
  the largest european military , the only one with a truly global reach , then one thats by far the most active , the only one that unilaterally conducts military operations overseas ? 
  ... ran out of actual munitions in libya . 
  as far as the un resolution : http://www.un.org/press/en/2011/sc10200.doc.htm  10 in favour to none against , with 5 abstentions ( brazil , china , germany , india , russian federation ) so , sure , let 's not criticize germany . 
  http://www.defense.gov/speeches/speech.aspx?speechid=1581 but nato members ' performance in libya ( yes , france included ) was still dismal . 
   there were shortages of some standoff weapons , sure . 
  the united kingdom and france * literally ran out of modern munitions * . 
  exactly the kind of shit they would require to have in great supply in a true-nato purposed war scenario with russia or god forbid , china . 
   reports about france using concrete bombs due to lack of munitions were widely overblown by the press how so ? 
  they did n't have actual munitions to use in large numbers , and they started using concrete bombs because they no longer had guided weapons . 
   not brimstones in general mind you , just modified laser-guided brimstones . 
  `` not radio and air resistance dependent bombs whose sole difference from ww2 era bombs is the explosive composition and flight ceiling deployment , * just the hallmark of precision close air and smart long distance bombing that defines modern air supremacy against ground targets * ''  the older radar-only ones were still available in triple digits and used later without any problems . 
  because france was going up against a pleb-tier , fractured , * libyan * military . 
  not a russian or chinese one . 
   because why on earth would europe get involved in that ? 
  because so many of its nations signed onto article 5 of nato obligations ? 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
   a future us-china conflict is a fucking possibility , a distant one , but a very costly one , and pretending it is n't is retarded . 
   that 's not what stanags do . 
  they just ensure than systems are able to interoperate , use the same munitions , data links . 
  they do nothing to prevent to exceedingly wasteful parallel development of four different european mbts , * that 's * on the decision making of sovereign european militaries . 
   european mbts , three different european multi-role fighters , umpteen different air defence frigates that end up using the same sensors and vls anyway , 10 + different european service rifles ... 
  the solution is simple : buy abrams , buy apaches and blackhawks and chinooks , buy raptors and lightnings and ospreys and falcons . 
  buy m110s , buy m4s , etc. 
  `` oh , but we do n't want to buy us equipment , we think we can do it cheaaaaapperrr '' ^ that 's been the european response , and that 's why the wasteful development happened . 
  the solutions are all there - - europe just has to be willing to pursue them . 
   most people i know dont think the baltics are worth fighting for oh , but us troops should fight and die for the netherlands ' safety if it came to it ? 
  human beings born in the baltics whose representative governments signed onto mutual obligations of defense do n't matter as much ? 
  they signed on to article 5 ; each nation has an obligation to help the others however it can . 
   i think nato should only be western europe + poland . 
  what 's dutch for ` gigantic pussy ' ? 
   it 's not fair to say canada mooches off security why not ? 
  they 're a nato member , they have a developed economy , they have a sovereign currency , and they do n't meet the bare minimum 2 % of gdp obligation of defense contributions to nato . 
  they actually are quite far down the list of contributing members . 
  granted , if they stopped having a military entirely the american public would still want them protected because they 're the canadians , and effectively not a ` foreign ' people to us at all . 
   largely unifying development of weapons [ that 's what nato stanags do , and on way more than just weapons ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_69269.htm )  commit at least a part of the military forces to common international units nato is what was charged by the un with leading things like the international security assistance force to afghanistan ( isaf ) ; not like they even bothered invoking the eu 's ` battlegroups ' , or imagined russia and china would cooperate as unsc members . 
   europe in numbers already exceeds the capabilities of russia multiple times . 
  only when you add them alltogether , and very few of them are combat tested in comparison to the rf . 
  let 's not get into the * clear * disadvantage in terms of military hardware numbers . 
   us is not the proper sample model for the eu to look at no , and i 'm not saying any eu nation should be spending 4.5 % of gdp on defense , or that their absolute spending should come anywhere close to ours . 
  the fact of the matter is , eu spending in whole , in part , or by percentage of gdp , nation by nation , is by and large insufficient . 
   it came to be this way in america because of various lobbies completely taking over parts of government not really - - us european command has been around since 1952 . 
  the defense industry meets those demands , they do n't set them . 
  _______________________________ no one is saying anyone should come close to spending what the us does in raw numbers ; that 's a mathematical impossibility for most of the eu . 
  no one is saying the eu should come close to spending what the us does in terms of percentage of gdp , either . 
  but to ask that well developed economies like france and germany and western nations that more or less have enjoyed seven decades of european peace and integration with asian trade because of us defense pacts , * maybe * just step it up a little bit and meet their nato obligations of just * two * percent on modern hardware and troop readiness , when even * estonia * can pull its weight , is not unreasonable . 
  not in the face of a russian government that invaded georgia , that occupies trans-dnistria moldova , that invaded and annexed ukraine . 
  not in the face of a middle east and northern africa that is burning , and whose governments and people are in turmoil , threatening energy interests and human rights and impending mass refuge seeking . 
  it 's very much the * least * they can do . 
  i mean , even larger nato nations like germany and france wo n't actually bother having real militaries while little estonia and young poland try so goddamn hard , because their war planners lived with the reality before . 
  their populace and economies * just * came out of communist oppression and the warsaw pact/ussr 's dominion . 
  they 've had to deal with * so * much shit , and they do n't even have that many people to boot . 
  canada pretty much mooches security , too . 
  they know if any nation seriously harmed their populace we 'd slaughter whoever did it . 
  the real problem with the free ridership is n't the capability .
