   our most important partner in eastern europe ? 
  is n't any eu member or a nato member like poland ? 
  is n't any nation which did n't invade and occupy other european countries ? 
  ( or perhaps the ukrainians and georgians are n't ` european enough ' for you to consider their issues worthwhile ) this is * precisely * the non-sense of germany that is killing european solidarity . 
   between profit oriented companies do n't try to sugar coat this . 
  one of germany 's first post-reunification heads of state , the chancellor , is personally close friends with vladimir putin - - whose ordered assassinations and aggression in chechnya , georgia , ukraine , and continuing occupation of trans-dnistria and crimea and the donbass should not need introduction - - and a * literal officer of a murderous secret police serving the apparatchik established by the soviet union to rule over east germany * and also a friend of vladimir putin ... and both are now controlling figures in an energy concern that seeks to establish more direct energy sales to germany during a period of european sanctions on russian markets ( including energy export ) for their war actions ... . and you 're going to sit here and pretend that it is n't significant ? 
  that it 's all coincidental ? 
  do you think alexander litvinenko 's tea was just really badly made ? 
  why the fuck do you think anyone gets upset over this ? 
  because they 're really super duper into ukrainian and potentially polish gas levies ? 
  i 'm not saying `` russia controls germany '' i 'm saying that significant , and still powerful , portions of the german polity are much more aligned to comity with russia * no matter its military actions against europe * for the sake of energy cooperation and profits - - and potentially even ideological and person bonds between individuals with deep influence in both nations ( you think schroder has no friends in german government still ? 
  or that putin only has medvedev to talk to ? 
  ) , and this deeply undercuts european solidarity on both security and economic and policy concerns . 
   i can not believe that this is happening you ca n't ? 
  from the article :  gazprom , e.on , basf/wintershall , omv , engie and royal dutch shell formed the new consortium for the project , a spokesman for the consortium said on friday . 
  it 's called `` nord stream 2 '' because of the principle nord stream ag management group that did the first one , just as now : http://www.wintershall.com/en/press-news/detail/news/we-deliver-nord-streams-twin-pipelines-come-on-stream.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nord_stream_ag the shareholders of nord stream ag are : gazprom - 51 % wintershall - 15.5 % e.on ruhrgas - 15.5 % n.v. nederlandse gasunie - 9 % ( partnership of royal dutch shell ) oh , you 're surprised the dutch are on here after 200 of their people were killed by russian involvement in ukraine ? 
  remember when putin 's daughter had to leave the netherlands ? 
  she was living there with her boyfriend , jorrit faassen . 
  he 's a consultant to gazprom and came up in the dutch energy sector . 
  anyways : putin and gerhard schroder are good buddies ( schroder is n't chancellor anymore , but he is chairman of the shareholders committee of nordstream ag ) you know who else is good buddies with putin ? 
  matthias warnig - the managing director and chief of nord stream ag . 
  his son and putin 's daughters grew up playing together , putin goes and eats at his son 's berlin restaurant when he visits germany , cafe des artistes . 
  you know why they 're good buddies ? 
  because putin lived in east germany for a long time and met matthias when they were both coming up and were coworkers . 
  a decades long friendship . 
  * putin was in east germany because he was in the kgb * ; ** , and matthias warnig worked with him because he was an officer of the staatssicherheitsdienst - the stasi ** http://www.nord-stream.com/about-us/our-management/ they did n't give gerhard a picture , boo hoo . 
  let that all sink in for a second . 
  and then everyone wonders why the bnd collaborates with the cia . 
  why america keeps 7th army in stuttgart , air deployment capabilities in ramstein . 
  why merkel says one thing about intelligence collection against germans and german industry by america in public , and * does another entirely behind closed doors * . 
  the ussr politically ceased a formal existence and murderous hold over eastern germany just 25 year ago . 
  * those people did n't go away and they are still acting as they meant to before the west ` won ' the cold war * . 
  this shit was fucking yesterday in the atlantic history , and there are ** still ** casualties of this war and they 're dying in ukraine for now . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/daily-number/asian-americans-lead-all-others-in-household-income/ coming to america seems to work for some people pretty well . 
   you do n't even know that german doctrine placed an extraordinarily heavy emphasis on machine guns !, 
  you think the nazis were simply swamped by superior numbers ? 
  and again , the mg-42 was superior to anything we in the us had at the time . 
  propaganda films from that era tell us troops not to worry about the high rate of fire , because it means wehrmacht fireteams will burn through their ammo and be inaccurate . 
  * good enough * in mass quantity , overwhelms `` the best '' in meager numbers . 
  that 's exactly what we did at d-day , dude . 
   i 'm ashamed that you 're sporting us flair . 
  i 'm ashamed defense spending is at 800 billion and not massively stepped up on building a us navy with more tonnage , newer subs , stealthier subs , and greater marine deployment capability . 
  i 'm ashamed we have to choose between our obligations in the middle east and expanding into the defensibility of asian interests with a `` pivot '' . 
  i 'm ashamed we have n't been able to secure america 's intelligence apparatus from chinese and russian cyber-espionage . 
  i am not just a hawk , i am a realist . 
  we have so much work to do as voters and taxpayers in making sure american hegemony continues . 
  does n't matter . 
  betamax was objectively better than vhs , too . 
  the chinese just need to turn out a fuck ton of ` good enough ' aircraft , with pilots , to be able to have air superiority . 
  the f-35 and f-22 combined , in the sortie to end all sorties where we send every one we have up against chinese multi-role and fighter aircraft en mass during a conflict over taiwan , let 's say , could still be overwhelmed on the numbers . 
  the chinese do n't have to beat us in quality ; they have to swamp us in quantity . 
  german tanks were simply better , in every respect , than us ones in ww2 . 
  but we threw down thousands and thousands ( about three times as many ) at the germans . 
  german marksmanship from the days of their old republic was unquestionably better than almost any military in europe - - they were absolutely superior to their counterparts for a long time before the second world war , and for a great deal of time during . 
  and the us showed up with auto-loading magazine fed semi-automatic rifles and submachine guns built en masse for its troops , against bolt action rifles of superior distance and range for the germans . 
  quantity : volume of attack and replace ability of casualities is a quality itself , and a super powerful one . 
  i would n't pooh pooh the chinese anytime soon , they 're not idiots . 
  the us population circa 2003-2008 was partly the same way . 
  if there 's one thing i 've learned about immigration/refugees/movement of people en masse from somewhere it 's bad to somewhere it 's better , there 's * never any fault on the part of the societies which are worse off * and always lots of fault and thus necessity to accommodate on the part of the societies which are better off . 
  cameron basically drowned this kid with his bare hands . 
  it comes down to communism . 
  india was cozy with the ussr , so we gave the pakis help . 
  now they 're cozy with china who are the inheritors of the red mantle . 
  so uh ... yeah . 
  expect more us-bharat naval drills and the like . 
  without defaulting to the abstraction of cultural legacy and ineffably higher quality of that culture ( food , music , lit . 
  , theater , arts ) , plenty of people can see plainly that the us has been inordinately lucky in economic and cultural output , yet there 's no way to deny the financial numbers - - so cultural snobbishness it is . 
  we do the same thing on our economic and military dominion of the world , when we ignore their higher social mobility and needs provision to the less fortunate/the young . 
  it 's just sour grapes and `` lalalalalala , i ca n't hear you ! '', 
  at the very core . 
   freedom , prosperity , law , rights , the american dream , a fair chance ... these are america . 
  except these rest on basic political ideologies which latin america does n't implement the same way . 
  if the united states received massive immigration from the uk or germany or france to the northeast , we would n't keep being `` american '' if significant parts of our electorate were replaced by people who continually identified as an other and did not assimilate , linguistically or politically . 
  look up `` balkanization '' . 
  ethnicity matters , cultural identity matters , demographic trends matter . 
  it 's just that no one ever does so badly as to get below 40 % ( you 'd have to basically write complete gibberish , or not open the paper ) , or so well as to get above 80 % . 
  hmm , i dunno why . 
  c - and below is not passing in us universities , but i 've seen professors give out all sorts of grades in those ranges in quantitative courses where answers all have point values , and there 's true differences between b + and a - students . 
  and people * definitely * failed quant mech and thermo exams , even a few seniors . 
  i dunno , what 's the point of using a number system of you 're not going to actually use all the numbers ? 
  someone needs to get them the concept of a dope chart or something . 
  been to the southwest ? 
  outside the downtown of a major city ? 
  a third of the country is basically mexico at this point . 
  language , ethnicity , political identification - 1/10th of all mexican nationals live on the us . 
  by 2030 , the us wo n't even be a majority white country . 
  the millennials are n't having kids , and there will be a boomer die off . 
  think of the linguistic and ethnic and cultural changes that will happen . 
  why do they do that ? 
  percentages seem so much easier , and there 's a higher resolution of numbers !, 
   but whose society is it ? 
    europe . 
  what is that ? 
  does it offer protection for ukrainians and georgians ? 
  solidarity with poles and latvians ? 
  immigration talks without preconditions and bullying to italians ? 
  economic and martial backing to the dutch ? 
  on military matters , domestic policy matters and economic matters , vis a vis russia , immigration/refugees , and the eurozone , `` europe '' had proven over and over that its institutions are dysfunctional and have to be goaded into action/cooperation ( sometimes by the us , a hemisphere away , via nato and the imf ) . 
  provincialism is the rule of the day , because there is no european identity , there is no european people , and the policies of the make believe governments it has installed are being ripped at the seams of particular nationals interests . 
   there 's a difference between liking something & it being actually needed for society to run well .
