  take pity ! '', 
  i find it very hard to believe there has been no greek introspection about public employees and pensions and greek spending choices . 
  i 'd imagine that 's pretty much * the * topic on the minds of greek people , and there 's been so much forthright coverage of the issue , there 's no way only propaganda from tsipras and varoufakis could be what they get . 
  i find it * very * hard to believe no geek anger is directed inward . 
  and how much self loathing and contrition would be worth it ? 
  and does that level guarantee no other euro nation gets itself into a mess ? 
  the euro might have short term rallies if it can show a greek exit wo n't kill it , because cutting out a weak link is possible when economies are small and trade higher . 
  but it will kill the long term credibility of the whole union . 
  insomnia idea : write off of all greek debt in exchange for greek politicians involved from 1999-2015 being barred from holding any future political office , and the greek constitution requiring tax collection enforcement and spending reviews/auditing by the ecb every year to ensure good book keeping . 
  but the cost will be born by the young - those aged 25 down to around 5 are in for decades of their life ( and the best parts of it ) being spent working like crazy for little remuneration in order to fix the absolute mess that 's been the post-ww2 greek way of doing things ( even prior to the junta there were problems ) . 
  in ten years , will these problems be * resolved * ? 
  i doubt it , we 're arguing about the consequences of books known by all parties to have been cooked in 2004 , by people who joined an economic union over a decade ago . 
  it 'll be twenty , maybe even thirty years before the economy reaches where it ought to have been . 
  it took a damn long time for nations like poland to undo the misery communism unfairly wrought on them , and it involved generations doing without , through no fault of their own . 
  but that was bullshit economics imposed by the soviets and warsaw pact . 
  now imagine being a young greek person whose economic future was stolen by * older greeks !, 
  * so , it 's easy to say ` the greeks ' as though there 's some monolith group of people who borrowed too much and are now getting their just desserts , but the reality is much more tragic . 
  in the us , political conservatives sometimes frame deficit spending as borrowing from our children 's income - - there 's just no realistic way for the generations that voted on high spending ( debt from wars they pushed included ) on their own lifetimes with their own economic contributions . 
  it will * have * to come at the expense of the younger generations . 
  much the same , young greeks are inheriting a problem that is n't of their making . 
  i think its important to bear that in mind as we talk about greek responsibilities . 
  there 's got to be some way to help out the younger generations . 
  if there is n't * anything * the eu can do for young people in greece besides pointing to schengen agreements or just telling them to work longer for less , it 'll be another tragedy . 
  interesting sentiment from hollande about the nature of `` europe '' . 
  too bad there seems to be very little beyond a monetary concern that does matter . 
  what * are * european values , if there ca n't even be agreement now ? 
  this is uncharted territory . 
  perhaps there is a way for greece to retain european union membership but be out of the euro zone . 
  poland still uses z\u0142oty , right ? 
  though they 're on track to join , they manage with a different currency and the obligations of eu membership all the same . 
  perhaps greece can be on a different sort of reconciliatory path . 
  read it again , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
   they have enough equipment they clearly do n't . 
  http://news.usni.org/2014/06/30/u-s-european-commander-russia-supplying-anti-aircraft-weapons-ukrainian-separatists http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/16/world/general-and-former-defense-official-urge-nonlethal-military-aid-for-ukraine.html?_r=0 they need body armor , they need night vision optics , they need anti-aircraft countermeasures , they need updated signals equipment so the russians are n't hearing every goddamn thing they radio to each other . 
  they need anti-aircraft and anti-tank missiles , and they need the training and equipment to launch them . 
  * they do not have this * and they 're getting slaughtered trying to hold ground that * belongs to them * . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2014/09/18/ukrainian-president-poroshenko-asks-congress-for-military-support/ * last year * poroshenko himself was asking for all this . 
   just fyi i am from croatia , we had war in 1991-95 and had to do things even faster than ukraine . 
  grand-uncle deployed to bosnia . 
  i was n't too aware of what was going on at the time as yugoslavia broke up , but i learned later . 
   we mobilized 250 000 men in 6 months and had 60 + operational brigades in that time which is impressive , no one can dispute that . 
   ukraine has problems mobilizing 50 000 men . 
  which is a problem . 
  but remember , ukraine is literally also fighting against the russian federation . 
   the west is doing everything it can to help them win the big powers clearly are n't . 
   what do you expect the eu to do ? 
  not pretend they do n't exist , i suppose . 
  no offer to host talks between the opposition government and the ousted one , no offers of aid/economic development , no offers to rehouse refugees ( poland has , but that 's pretty much it ) , etc. 
  ideally , the eu would be enforcing much harder sanctions , to be lifted if putin will come to the negotiating table , along with ceasefire agreements demonstrably upheld , while the us provided extensive materiel support to the ukrainian military . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/06/22/world/europe/ap-eu-europe-russia-sanctions.html?_r=0  the sanctions include limits to access on some financial markets , a ban on certain technologies and * exchanges between the bloc and russia in energy * and defense sectors . 
  enacted last july and reinforced in september , the sanctions had been due to expire in july . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33171038  the eu sanctions , * which target russia 's energy * , defence and financial sectors , were first imposed after moscow 's annexation of the crimean peninsula from ukraine in march 2014 . 
  the us imposed its own sanctions on moscow . 
   the eu and us have ratcheted up sanctions several times in the last year , tightening restrictions on major russian state banks and corporations . 
  * three major state oil firms were among those targeted : rosneft , transneft and gazprom neft , the oil unit of gas giant gazprom . 
   have you any fucking clue what 's going on ? 
  yes , the russian government is supplying arms and equipment to ethnically russian ukrainian separatists , and in some cases , tacitly allowing the participation of large numbers of russian servicemen in continuing the occupation of eastern ukraine following the official annexation of the crimean peninsula to ensure their continued control over the naval base in sevastopol . 
  they 're violating ceasefire agreements and funding a proxy-war against a nation that rebelled against their puppet leader , and are shielding the parties responsible for shooting down an airliner filled with civilians from other countries . 
   us army is actually in ukraine training ukrainians you fucking buffoon . 
  i 'm well aware of that - - i 'm saying it 's not nearly enough . 
  ukraine has a professional army , its people have been fighting . 
  there 's definitely a lot that the us army can teach , but doctrine is not the crucial absence in ukraine 's ability to fight . 
  what they need is training * on western supplied equipment * ; the heavy artillery and anti-armor/air weaponry that they need to actually take on the russian backed forces in the donbass area . 
  the us ought call russia 's bluff about there being no deployments to ukraine or funding to separatists ( who are allegedly getting their uniforms from surplus stores and who have simply commandeered ukrainian military equipment ) and help the ukrainian military on to its feet with actual heavy armaments to destroy any and all separatist fighters . 
   there is a limit to what you can openly do without risking something nobody wants . 
  sure , the us initiating airstrikes on separatist positions , deploying expeditionary units and armor , and setting up icbm batteries in eastern ukraine would be a dangerous thing to do . 
  i do n't think the limit is several hundred trainers and meager financial aid . 
  ` the past is never dead . 
  it 's not even past . ', 
  when will this ` kosovar ' thing be over ? 
  you might as well ask . 
  look at how `` europeans '' are treating a eu/ez/fellow nato member , who apparently is n't ` european ' enough outside of their legal membership to matter . 
  i 'm not condoning greek oxi voters/syriza 's behavior , ( though their debt issue is pretty much a rock and a hard place ) , but if that 's how things go for them while they 're in just * financial * trouble , what is a ukrainian supposed to expect from people with whom they are n't fellow `` europeans '' when they 're in * military * distress ? 
  ` europe ' ca n't get together on financial/monetary policy - - military cooperation and aid is just so far out of the picture , and ukraine is n't part of any of their legal frameworks . 
  the eu had to be * convinced * to continue just * six months more * of sanctions on russia , because germany ( and others i 'm sure ) want their gas . 
  the us 's own indifference is shameful , too . 
  then again , our president is the sort who says stuff like [ ** this ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y9ovc-mgw8#t=0m5s ) , and we did n't help the hungarians or romanians soon enough , either . 
  ukrainians do n't deserve what the west is allowing to happen . 
   if you can take a 200 mile drive to next one with much more lax gun laws . 
  often just a 10 mile drive , but that 's * also * committing a felony , btw . 
  ( and as it turns out , criminals likely to use firearms in the commission of a crime do n't care about the legal prohibitions on going to another jurisdiction to buy or steal guns if available ) most criminals do n't even buy new guns in the us ; they 're collectively circulated and not carried on ones ' person . 
  frankly , there 's just too many guns in the us for them to ` go away ' , the only thing to do is learn how to address the mentally sick and criminal populations and drastically reduce their neglect . 
   strict gun laws ( not necessarily an outright ban - tight control also applies ) also make it vastly harder to obtain a gun illegally that 's not really always true , particularly if there 's no way to enforce it except through channels that require a person to interact with legal structures . 
  it 's very obvious in the us , where washington d.c. ( one of * the * most violent cities in the non-capitol areas , for * decades * ) was also a place that had a literal ban on any handgun ownership during that period . 
  kind of like laws about speeding : if there 's a 70 mph limit , and there are a few people speeding at 90 and causing accidents and trouble , reducing the speed limit to 50 mph will pretty much * just * affect the lawful , and not the people speeding if you do n't change how enforcement is done . 
  that 's why the 100 million us gun owners who cause no trouble resent further gun laws ; it 's not like they 've ever been shown to make a difference to insane people ( whose mental health finds a laughable healthcare system in this country ) or criminals ( whose economic opportunities do n't exist for racial and historical reasons ) - - they just fall on us . 
   and i never noticed the change in how i feel about it until i got away from it . 
  i did n't know i was thinking about it as much as i was until i did n't have to eh , i 've lived in rural pa and in nyc . 
  the only time i 've ever felt unsafe about a gun was when i saw a drunk person in the bronx flashing their ( very obviously illegally owned ) pocket pistol in an argument with someone else who did n't exactly seem too law abiding either . 
  frankly , the way i feel about guns in the us depends on how i feel about the majority of the people who live around me - - some places are just shittier than others and it makes me want more enforcement of laws and less restrictions on myself ( i 'm not a criminal ) . 
  otherwise , seems to me there 's no cause for changes . 
   it runs the risk of the bluff being called . 
  yeah , but look at how we wedded ourselves to the pakistanis and overlooked india as a strategic partner . 
  hell , look at how reliant the us is on turkey as a nato partner when it 's increasingly clear they 're not playing ball by the rules as well . 
  age is what links those two ( or rather , explains the presence of one ) ; in the us , the gop is struggling to contend with a lot of younger people who like guns and low taxes but also find it appalling their gay friends ~ ~ are n't able to get married ~ ~ somehow should n't be able to marry and that people get locked up for smoking pot , but drinking alcohol is somehow totes okay . 
  older democrats are often ( though not always ) pretty shitty about racial and gay equality too , they just also happen to be economically progressive so the left seems less schizophrenic . 
  but a true lack of sovereignty , much as the us . 
  people in kerela and punjab , or people in kashmir and ( i dunno , telegana ? 
  that 's a thing now , right ? ), 
  are n't outside the republic - they 're subordinate to it .
