  there are n't , really - - closest i 'd imagine you could get to block iv tomahawk missiles are russian equipment or chinese weapons ( which i 'm not sure they offer for export ) , and poland is probably not going to buy from russia . 
  the brits operate the tomahawks as well , and spain/the netherlands were going to before . 
  eads could step up to bae and raytheon , but that would require european defense spending to have been higher previously . 
  the r&d just is n't there . 
  and really , should it be ? 
  europe just needs to be able to have defense , not spearhead it . 
  it 's not even agreed people trying to join that should be defended though , right ? 
  are those values once signed on paper in treaty a magical talisman of an obligation to defend a nation ? 
  or is it something bigger ? 
  does `` european '' really mean something ? 
  because , again - - - look at ukraine . 
  either relationships are real , or they exist for little more than the convenience of those members in the relationship who want to have a little more power via its obligations imposed on others . 
  is the eu a `` real '' thing , or is it little more than a sometimes badly functioning trade union that prioritizes large continental nation 's economic stability ? 
  that 's something the eu and its members are going to have to figure out , and a proposal like this from its president is just shockingly naive in how far away it strikes in starting such a conversation . 
  i mean , my god , man - - russian federation troops invaded ukraine , trying to join the eu , and the best that can be said a year later is : `` a mutual european army would give russia the impression that we are serious about defending the values of the european union '' what 's flemmish for `` backbone '' or `` ballsack '' ? 
  or maybe even internal opposition to putin motivated by the criminals/oligarchs he keeps in power . 
  removing him and maintaining control ( through medvedev ? ), 
  might be a long term survival strategy . 
   `` but a mutual european army would give russia the impression that we are serious about defending the values of the european union . '', 
  russia will have that impression when europe 's voters and politicians make europe 's individual armies look like competent forces which can wage sustained defensive warfare against a full-fledged russian invasion , and individually or in close unison , defeat such a campaign and force a surrender . 
  there is n't even a unified european economic community in the eu , there is n't a unified european currency union in the eurozone , there is n't a unified european defense pact via either nato obligations met or whatever the fuck the `` battlegroups '' are supposed to be , and nations which seek to join * just * the eu like ukraine get their shit tossed by the russians and watch as france and germany say `` meh '' . 
  ** russia is n't going to have the impression that europe is serious about defending the values of the european union , because _ it 's clear that europe is n't serious about defending values they are n't even in complete agreement about yet _ **, 
  what happens if hitler invades poland ? 
  the taliban government sheltered al-qaida leaders who planned , financed , and executed an attack on a nato partner and refused terms of surrendering those hostiles . 
  if jet planes had been flown into buildings in downtown london or berlin and killed thousands of british or german people , the us would come running with all the rage and bloodlust we keep bottled up for just such an occasion as though it were principally us nationals killed . 
  that 's the whole point of nato 's article 5 . 
  if someone hurts someone in our group of friends , we all go wreck their shit and kick their teeth in , and make ready to do so , anytime , any place . 
  germany had a defense obligation in afghanistan , which they met . 
  get mine and shoot back . 
  our nation was founded on the principle that so long as we have the same ` muskets ' as the other guy , we can shoot dead enough of their young men to force them into surrender on a battlefield after we butcher their friends in their post-christmas drunken stupor with bayonets and knives ... over taxes . 
  yeah , but that 's like , fucking everyone . 
  except maybe the faroese islands and like , tuvalu . 
  and i 'm sure they 've each had at least one national show up here and make babies , or will eventually . 
   she expressed confidence that russia would play a constructive role in resolving the status of the separatist republic of trans-dniester , which broke away from moldova in 1990 and wants to join russia . 
  they wo n't , unless it means a new oblast , because then there 'll be questions about southern ossetia and abkhazia and the donbass . 
  as someone who wishes the ukrainian military could suddenly find itself in possession of many skilled airframe and surface to surface missile operators and shiny new western equipment , who could annihilate `` rebel '' armored columns and liberate the eastern half of their country ... ... yeah . 
  there are in fact , some pretty ugly elements in ukraine 's nationalists , and the unflinching support/exaggeration of some of stepan bandera 's views into 2015 is concerning ... 
  but it 's not like that really colors the basic themes and narrative for me . 
  there are , without a doubt , neo nazis in germany . 
  it happens . 
  there are , without a doubt , some ( perhaps many ) among pegida 's ranks . 
  there are surely racists among anti-immigration groups of all stripes . 
  * but * the central premise of concern about islam not fitting in within german society , or european/western mores , as practiced by immigrants and their children , along with all the other linguistic and economic concerns , * are not fundamentally wrong or evil * . 
  broad brushes ca n't be used to paint a complex , detailed picture . 
  hell - - you ca n't even say all the russian nationals , ethnically russian ukrainians , or russian regular forces fighting in crimea are * totally * in the wrong and have no cause whatsoever to feel crimea should be russian . 
  they have an argument - - it 's one we can disagree with , but they 're not acting from some unfounded evil like `` all hohols must die '' or whatever . 
  meh ; mostly just england via the uk tries dragging in ireland into their geopolitical bullshit , because it 's a way of keeping you functionally , in part , in the union . 
  if the irish people do n't want to have much defense spending , that 's their prerogative - - they 're not part of nato , and no one is obligated to shoot for them or get shot for them . 
  the only thing the us/americans get pissed off about is when people who have pledged cooperation in collective defense do n't fucking do anything to help out , even when there are literal wars started by russia on their doorstep in their civil political unions ( or prospective members ) - - - and then also complain that we buddy up too much with the ones who * do * contribute . 
  if the us could just tell turkey to fuck off on isis/kurdistan/middle east negotiations because other nato powers were willing to step up absolute troop levels and hardware spending to make them less crucial ( remember ; bulgaria and greece are right there , poland is n't so far away , and neither is germany as much of their immigration shows ) , that 'd be great for a whole lot of things . 
  but yurop does n't spend on war , and the us has to . 
  it 's like a roommate who does n't help you pay rent like he could , and knows you always will because you love the guy and he 's an awesome wingman and shit . 
  like , * gaaaahhhhh * . 
   a polish officer played an integral part in the us revolution as well and is considered the `` father of the american cavalry '' . 
  https://www.nps.gov/thko/index.htm his name was tadeusz ko\u015bciuszko !, 
  `` as pure a son of liberty , as i have ever known ... '' - thomas jefferson, 
  i do n't think the us should soften its posture towards russia - - if anything i think we should harden it in terms of commitments to eastern europe 's modernization of both economy and defense . 
  i just think we should divest ourselves of what has devolved into a meaningless `` mutual defense pact '' with those nato/eu nations which ultimately expect us to send american kids to fight and die for them if russia goes crazy , spend not a penny on defense , push us into shit like libya , and have dedicated their resources to infrastructure , healthcare , and education , knowing that americans are too sentimental about `` europe '' and our involvement in the world wars and the mixed heritages of our people to easily tolerate war on the continent . 
  a korea like arrangement with poland ( and indeed something like v4 - - - a pan-slavic/balkan / `` eastern '' bloc in general that does n't see its military or economic future being with russia would be cool ) that 's based on respect and burden sharing and awareness of skin in the game and capability would be lovely . 
  korea 's done alright without nukes so far - - the russian government 's butthurt over poland getting or developing nuclear weapons would be * extreme * . 
  they 're paranoid , pussified , and incredibly insecure , and polish nukes would prompt war from them , possibly . 
  we have icbms and a standing alliance that poland contributes to as agreed on . 
  nuclear proliferation would be a mistake , i think . 
  we should n't be sending more troops . 
  we should be renegotiating how nato works and who is in it ( nothing wrong with poland , obviously , but the alliance as a whole ... ), 
   since you 're also shrinking in population getting in qualified immigrants seems to be a solution to the problems of demographic difficulties . 
  the real solution is incentivizing and providing for native population growth . 
  we 're both from america . 
  i think we need severe limits on immigration , until we secure our border - - even visa issuance to latin america ( in particular , mexico ) for tourism . 
  plenty of illegal immigration is just via visa overstay . 
  then we need to deport as many additionally criminal ( read : violent crimes , drug crimes , fraud ) illegal immigrants as we can , both through vastly incentivizing self deportation ( read : annihilating businesses which employ them , ending sanctuary policies , ending public resources use ) , and not barring ice/border patrol from doing their jobs . 
  then , and only then , can we address legal immigration , and i think legal immigration of any sort should be tailored to fit the economic needs of americans . 
  unless we really need lots of immigrants , as a now * very * developed country , i do n't think we should continue to have mass immigration of any kind . 
  i dunno if it the percentage was truly one half , but yes , the confederacy had pretty bad supply problems , contributing to their defeat . 
  they rebelled primarily because of their economic interest in retaining slavery , were n't nearly as industrialized as the northern union states , and it showed . 
  `` why is it called that ? '', 
  seems to be an immensely popular question for googling about nations . 
   `` the afd is pushing the right buttons '' even when a measure such as eliminating cash clearly `` is n't on the table , '' brzeski said . 
  `` this is how you win votes . '', 
  so if you oppose afd , from any side of the spectrum , and want them to not win votes : 1 ) you push those buttons yourself , harder , and better 2 ) you take away the reasons those buttons produce a response afd at this point is only vulnerable to a much * harsher * version of itself eroding local support so that it ca n't build itself up as a national party ( opposition from the right ) but it 's not clear any such movement exists ( or would n't realize afd is the closest they have to becoming national ) , or else its opponents ( literally a coalition of any and every other party ) addressing the fundamentals of the issues they 've become popular on . 
  power vacuums simply do n't persist - - when there 's an anxiety about policy that is n't been assuaged , or a resentment that is n't being addressed , or a goal that is n't being reached , * someone is going to step in and do it * . 
   in germany you can believe whatever you want . 
  you should just be careful what you say in public . 
  so ...  thought crimes are not prosecuted in germany . 
  effectively yes they are . 
  [ ** nope ** ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/05/07/no-theres-no-hate-speech-exception-to-the-first-amendment/ ) there are laws in which someone 's racial/ethnic animus * influences * sentencing , and people 's hate speech is often actually assault , and longstanding law forbids speech which encourages and imminent and unlawful action ... ... but you can be as awful as you want , about anyone , for any reason . 
  if obama himself were in public on the campaign trail for hillary at some diner , and someone were to call him a filthy n -- and tell him to go fuck himself and die of aids , because that 's what all n -- deserve , he 'd probably get some attention from secret service from then until obama was out of town . 
  he 'd be escorted out by law enforcement and detained at a minimum . 
  his reputation would be ruined , and news networks would go crazy . 
  but it would be 100 % legal . 
  we deliberately protect the furthest reaches of speech under the 1st amendment that we can , so that the danger of political dissent being silenced is minimized to that same extent , even if it means unbelievably offensive racial , sexual , or political ` speech ' is thrown in our faces . 
  between uniformed troops contesting a nation in the 1800s . 
  then again , [ given ireland 's progress ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9boqy2xsd6u#t=1m16s ), 
   most retarded political system in the west managed to not have a decades long ethno-religious civil war once colonial administration by a foreign power was n't absolute , though . 
   most fighters there are actual ukranians from donbass . 
  the russian federation backing up ukrainian nationals who are separatists and want to integrate with russia does n't legitimize what 's happening more than if it were simply regular russian ground forces doing the killing . 
   the actual russian military involvement in the area is of intermittent nature ... most of the continuous fighting is done by actual separatists , armed with our equipment . 
  again , has no positive moral coloring . 
   all . ua sources are shit-tier propaganda and those of you willing to follow such sources are practically spitting on all the standards of real journalism . 
  probably , but the russian state is spitting on all the standards of western conduct within european nations .
