  a european cia is still far away . '', 
  * but the cia is n't the intelligence service of pennsylvania and texas and new york and florida and california * there 's no `` joint '' nature about it . 
  the ic is a number of agencies , sure , but their intelligence sharing problems are ones of bureaucracy and funding concerns . 
  european institutions that assume that unity is a function of say-so , as to ape american institutions of power by creating similar enough indices of budget or man power or legal diktat will ** fail and will always fail . 
  ** because they have no true singular identity and interest . 
  a french intelligence officer and the french general and the french pm will never cooperate with a german spook , a british admiral , and a belgian premier the same way that an american signals intelligence officer will work with a american general to an american president . 
  at every step in the american security apparatus is a belief among a massive cohort of patriotic , nationalistic individuals that they are the tip of the spear , the front line and last line defense of the homeland , and that their own destruction in the fact of duty towards its constitution and people is preferable to allowing the enemies of the american people any rest . 
  who are the `` european '' people ? 
  http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ japan is the safest country in the world , poland is number two . 
  ireland is 10 out of 36 , and is obviously very , very close in safety to japan and poland ; almost all the nations they rank are . 
  for the top half , it 's pretty much dandy . 
  the world ca n't even agree on who not to kill and who not go arm in syria . 
  of all the loony batshit obama 's done , syria takes the cake . 
  it 's no iraq blunder , but you 'd think he 'd have learned after libya . 
  he should address the systematically hidden and condoned international child rape organization that is the catholic church , before he goes around condemning actual countries which look out for their own people . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/belgium-terror-attacks-questioned-salah-abdeslam-for-only-one-hour-before-terror-attacks/  despite the discovery of detonators , weapons , and abdeslam 's fingerprints in a safe house days earlier and growing evidence that the brussels terror network was stronger than previously understood , law enforcement officials only briefly questioned abdeslam because he was still recovering from surgery after being shot in the leg during his apprehension , according to a senior belgian security official , who asked for anonymity to speak about the investigation . 
   `` he seemed very tired and he had been operated on the day before , '' the official said , adding that law enforcement officials did not question him again before tuesday . 
  hopefully , they have slightly larger balls in italian police stations . 
  what i 'm quoting is tocqueville 's * democracy in america * . 
  he was writing well before ww2 . 
  i think they 're pointing out that by modern sensibilities , certainly by `` western '' ones or `` european '' ones ( at least eu ones ! ), 
  that the soviet occupation of the baltics was morally indefensible , and so it 's startling that so many russians today could approve of someone like stalin . 
   if someone tries to hit you , defend yourself , dont make the police defend you . 
  imagine if a group of islamists in nyc attacked a bunch of new yorkers during a 9/11 march ? 
  the police would n't have to do a goddamn thing . 
  that 's a whole lot of butthurt . 
  pish posh . 
  it was all the ~ ~ welsh ~ ~ cornish * master plan !, 
   there are , at the present time , two great nations in the world which seem to tend towards the same end , although they started from different points : i allude to the russians and the americans . 
  both of them have grown up unnoticed ; and whilst the attention of mankind was directed elsewhere , they have suddenly assumed a most prominent place amongst the nations ; and the world learned their existence and their greatness at almost the same time . 
   all other nations seem to have nearly reached their natural limits , and only to be charged with the maintenance of their power ; but these are still in the act of growth ; all the others are stopped , or continue to advance with extreme difficulty ; these are proceeding with ease and with celerity along a path to which the human eye can assign no term . 
   the american struggles against the natural obstacles which oppose him ; the adversaries of the russian are men ; the former combats the wilderness and savage life ; the latter , civilization with all its weapons and its arts : the conquests of the one are therefore gained by the ploughshare ; those of the other by the sword . 
   the anglo-american relies upon personal interest to accomplish his ends , and gives free scope to the unguided exertions and common-sense of the citizens ; the russian centres all the authority of society in a single arm : the principal instrument of the former is freedom ; of the latter servitude . 
   their starting-point is different , and their courses are not the same ; yet each of them seems to be marked out by the will of heaven to sway the destinies of half the globe . 
  ____________________ i find their latching on to the notion that we have some ethnically based predisposition toward rivalry against the russian people * immensely * quaint , but i suppose the united states of america having developed a nationalism that is ideologically transmitted and not carried in the blood , with the most eminent of our private industries having been developed by one of `` theirs '' , all the while the russian government goes on about trying and failing to undo their experiment in collectivist brutality is just another chapter in this history . 
   i thought new york was the city where they 're only allowed on the sidewalks and they have to keep walking , effectively obeying traffic rules ? 
  in theory . 
  in practice , the nypd just tries to make sure no one is hit by cars or breaks shit . 
  i was at one while literally buying a make america great again hat in trump tower when a protest march showed up . 
   i do n't really know what the world expects from us not telling belgians who are jewish that they should cower in their own fucking country on purim . 
  not telling belgians they should n't march against terrorism for fear they should be targeted . 
   all police officers already had all their vacation days withdrawn from them for this year . 
  sounds like you should spend more on police . 
  here 's an idea : if people show up to harass a march against terror fear , and they start throwing [ bottles at the uniformed police ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/653818/molenbeek-terror-raid-paris-attacks-salah-abdeslam-belgium-riot-police ) because they sympathize with terrorists ... ... the cops should : 1 ) take their batons out 2 ) rush those people 3 ) beat them into submission 4 ) arrest them 5 ) jail them seriously , you either have a country or you fucking do n't . 
  do you have any idea what would happen if people assaulted nypd while an esu team was arresting a terrorist ? 
  they would literally get fucking machinegunned right there in the street . 
   no terrorist from gavrilo princip to the boston bombers required open borders to do their grisly task . 
  that 's because princip was himself born within austro-hungary , and the boston bombers were us citizens and permanent residents with citizenship in progress . 
  * they had freedom of movement *, 
   nearly all islamic terror attacks have come from second or third generation immigrants from families and communities which have utterly failed to integrate into western society . 
  the thing is , they are n't even the only group that does n't integrate . 
  there are plenty of asian communities in the us which do n't integrate , there are plenty of latino communities that have turned parts of the southwestern us into nearly entirely spanish speaking extensions of mexico . 
  it 's as small as chinatown or as big as california ( new new mexico ) but even if they are n't integrating into the host culture , * they 're not blowing people up . 
  * it 's totally fair , sans terrorism , to point out how mass migration , or migration of people who are very different , to certain swathes of a nation or pockets of a city can lead to non-integration . 
  but on the whole , even if they have parallel societies , those societies are n't ones where people will ( via foreign funded religious centers sometimes ) find a reason to go blow people up , here or abroad . 
  it 's a unique phenomenon . 
   new york does n't allow marches of any kind , ever , to let traffic flow and not stress the police budget guarding off intersections and sidestreet no , those happen * all the time * . 
  then invest in more police . 
  bring elements of the military in , other state-security . 
  what obligation does a government have , if not to keep its people safe ? 
  when did their society become completely fucking dickless ? 
  here 's an idea : have the march , and have police out in force . 
  if certain people start counter protesting and start being violent towards belgians matching in solidarity against terror , tell the police to * do their jobs * . 
  you can keep doing this , too . 
  if they escalate , * you * escalate , and the way to break the cycle is to escalate way further , way harder , and * break * the other people . 
  if this strategy is alien to you , understand that it is n't to the islamists . 
   if anything the expectation that couples should be married to have children has a detrimental effect on fertility in the modern world . 
  only because the expectations of marriage kept getting socioeconomically pushed back . 
  the work revolution was just as important as the sexual revolution for women . 
  it 's not something anyone wants to talk about though , because it means part of a persons lifetime trajectory is going to come down to whether they have a womb or not , if the goal is increasing society wide fertility . 
  are you unironically asking a question about why a chosen union between two people of lifelong sexual exclusivity and reproduction and child rearing and resource sharing and partnership has anything to do with morality ? 
  do you know what the word `` morality '' refers to ? 
  right , germany just enjoys poland being the territory between it and russia ( as ever ) while it screams about solidarity in europe so that * everyone * has refugees tracking mud into the living room and ignores complaints about nordstream2 . 
  like when europeans vote for stuff like libya . 
  do you think you know more about islam than ayan hirsi ali ? 
  my apologies !, 
  i did read you incorrectly , my mistake . 
  two more sets on the bench press as penance . 
  i agree the title is misleading . 
  i just think it 's possible it 's both moralism and health concerns , and i 'm not opposed to either motivating law . 
   i doubt that 's the reasoning not trying to attack you , but why ? 
  i grew up in a really political conservative part of the us , and this is * totally * something i could see getting lots of support among american conservatives . 
  indiana just passed a law banning abortions on grounds of a fetus being diagnosed with down 's syndrome , for instance . 
  do they want lots and lots of down 's babies ? 
  i hardly think it 's that - - - i think it 's just them basically saying `` nope , we 're going to do whatever we can to restrict the degrees of freedom when it comes to abortion because we morally object to it . '', 
  this seems like much the same . 
  they ca n't ban emergency contraception ( and they can hardly ban pre-marital , or non-procreative sex ) , but they apparently do have the legal authority to go ahead and throw a wrench in what might otherwise be an option for exactly those people whose financial and social decision making around sex they do n't approve of . 
  like , this is so close to how this stuff plays out in the us . 
  i dunno that this is intended to change birth rates . 
  i think this is pis simply making a moralistic law that says `` if you 're not in a financial or socially acceptable position where if sex results in a baby , do n't presume access to emergency contraception without medical necessity '' imho , it 's much more about clamping down on people whose relationship circumstances do n't comport to their ideals , than it is about spurring polish fertility . 
  i highly , highly doubt ( i might be wrong ; i 'm not a pole , catholic , or pis supporter ) that a bunch of accidental babies born to unwed teen mothers and uni student aged women who themselves along with their partners have no intention to marry or means to support a family , is what pis is hoping for . 
  it reads much more like a casual sex-negative law , than a law that seeks to push a birthrate up higher . 
   a guy built an ak-47 out of a literal shovel just for fun . 
  to be fair , he was also using a gas block , barrel , trigger group , bolt , firing pin , recoil spring , and guide rod from a kit , in * addition * to the shovel which was turned into the receiver . 
  it 's not too much harder to build a machine pistol from scratch , but it is several steps past what he did . 
  yes , and that 's why we have to have a foreign policy that says they will either fight with us , or be abandoned , or even be treated as collaborators . 
  it 's time for the west to take its supposed muslim allies to task . 
  `` but what about muh nordstream 2 ? '', 
  at least america has some sense of shame about dealing with saudi arabia . 
  hopefully the governments of the west can be pressured by their voters to impose a foreign policy of requiring saudi arabia , jordan , yemen , kuwait , oman , qatar , turkey , and the uae , to spend on force modernization , and collectively massive anti-terror operations .
