   in many germans ' minds that i 've talked to , `` modern germany '' pretty much began with the marshall plan and is a different society altogether from what was before this is n't so different from japan , particularly among the youth . 
  in their mixed heritage they found a compromise between teutonic ordnung and gallic c'est la vie . 
  not too lazy , not too fussy - proper . 
  measured . 
  you know , technically , canada is n't part of the united states . 
  but even if they were n't part of nato , i wonder what it would say about the us and north american identity if a foreign nation attacking canada were to go unanswered . 
  time to dust off the monroe doctrine . 
  seems silly to add grey and black market industry to gdp in the first place , unless you plan on your fiscal policy domestically and with other nations relying on it - that requires regulatory participation/legitimacy and that 's kind of missing the point entirely about why these industries even have the profit margins and cash flow that they do . 
  plus , lol , it makes you look even more shit when it does n't add up to much . 
  ~ ~ seriously , at least they 're part of ` the west ' more or less often . ~ ~ apparently those italian sounding mexicans are also interested in ties with russia . 
  might as well sell argentina some exocets while they 're at it . 
  i mean , fucks ' sake france , de gaulle is gone - - just be a godddamn nato partner for real . 
  hadji murat , no question . 
  is europe up on blood orange ? 
  http://soundcloud.com/bloodorange/sutphin-boulevard https://soundcloud.com/bloodorange/bad-girls, 
  oh , i 'm not saying the nsa or bnd are n't bending or breaking laws . 
  nsa pretty much did outright violate the fourth amendment with mass data collection . 
  all i 'm saying is that bnd is as much a partner , evidently , to the paranoia of the us-uk-can-aus-nz security apparatus as any of the others . 
  really , i think this signals that not only is there a likely large cultural affinity/inherent trust between their nation 's leaders , breaking laws , but also likely their people who have now to set about reforming the agencies . 
  fwiw , if i had to pick a non-english speaking nation to raise my kids in so that they 'd have more or less the same culture they 'd get here , i probably would pick germany . 
  there are plenty of cases where nsa might want bnd expertise in spying on german nationals who work for a high tech industry company which has contracts with foreign nations , which has security infrastructure foreign nations would be interested in defeating , and which may have individual employees or former employees who are susceptible to being exploited by foreign nationals . 
  it 's very easy to imagine how bnd might be asked to spy on americans for precisely the same reason . 
  fresh eyes , novel techniques , little risk of leaks from * two * agencies , more compartmentalization , an inherent proof of mutual trust and long term interest sharing , etc. 
  things like this really just mean the tuetons are essentially being read into the anglo-saxon five eyes agreement as partners and all the old animosities are truly irrelevant in the face of the new world . 
  be surprised and shocked when india or israel , with their own culture/regional interests are this trusted . 
  not really - - - us data do n't show too much of a correlation between insane people getting firearms and legal access to firearms . 
  the prime example is the columbine shooters : several counts of federal laws broken ( nfa laws about having short barrel shotguns and rifles , plus laws about access to handguns via straw purchase/transfer by non-ffl ) along with a slew of state laws . 
  they broke the laws because they just did n't give a fuck and were suicidal/insane , * but not functionally incompetent * capable of planning , * not * capable of empathy . 
  you can tell yourself laws stop people like that without crushing normal people 's freedoms , but that 's just not true . 
   the reason gun crime is so low in most of europe is because not every fucking idiot is allowed to carry a gun for no good reason . 
  again , not really . 
  the czech republic 's gun laws are ** way ** looser than chicago or dcs , but they have far less firearms crime . 
  fundamentally , the people who are committing * murder * are n't really too put off by breaking firearms statute crimes . 
  we could ban people 's privacy on the internet because of hysteria about terrorism/child pornography , but i 'd bet we 'd do very little to really stop committed terrorists and child predators , and actually mostly destroy people 's freedom . 
   literally sacrifice family members to dagon . 
  you worship mehrunes dagon ? 
  * scrub * lord sithis is all there is, 
  anyone that cares about financing national debt spending , which is everyone . 
   the very notion of an `` anglo-saxon '' model is a fantasy . 
  it referes to something which does n't exist , yes it does ; the cultural mixture of the celtic , brythonic , juteland , anglo , normans , and saxony dwelling peoples is what produced the modern angleland 's saxon culture - - that of the anglo-saxons who came to create the nation-state ( in the westphalian sense ) of * england * . 
   the aryan race the indo-european family * certainly * produced however , the indo-iranians , and the indo-aryans , scythians , and bactrians were all very , very much real . 
   european values that 's trickier only because `` europe '' is a massive grouping , but `` european '' can be usefully contrasted with asian and african and north american if you 're going to be talking about very broad values , or distinct cultural norms . 
   it 's all just made up just because post-modernist philosophy became aware of the ease of inventing classifications and jargon and how superficial * that * exercise is , does n't mean the lexicon of the rest of the academic world is false . 
  anyway , he 's referring to an economic model whose origin is among anglo-saxon people . 
  there are plenty of non-austrians who subscribe to that ( somewhat fringe ... ) branch of economics called `` austrian school economics '' , etc. 
  get over it . 
   it does n't matter it does matter . 
   russia would steamroll us maybe with time , sure  having that army makes it more sure that russia would have to tolerate higher numbers of dead russians in order to pursue a military option force matters . 
   he practically guaranteed that those people had guns on them or in their car . 
  quarter to half is likely . 
  * all * is pushing it . 
   in an attempt for them to leave him alone . 
  if your attempt to get a gunman who is shooting at you to leave you alone is n't putting as much lead through his chest cavity and skull as quickly as you can , you 're pretty much begging for your life . 
  there are a lot of us , and we encourage extreme individualism . 
  we have a large share of the world 's brilliance . 
  we have a * large share * of the world 's stupidity . 
  it works reasonably well , though . 
  next step : * germany , gib monies *, 
   but * why ? 
  * * for killing british sailors and sinking british ships *, 
  hmmm , we can do better . 
  more nuke subs , more destroyers , more aircraft carriers , more missile ships . 
  who gives a fuck about landing craft ? 
  that 's what the airborne is for . 
   your country ca n't keep it 's hegemony alone ; if romania and poland are the new japan / south korea , because of putin , weeell :  i 'm all for it . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i think poland is a sleeping giant , much as s. korea has become a powerhouse . 
  two seems likely to me as well . 
  but maybe there is a way ; look at poland 's growth post-comecon . 
  i think there 's no reason eastern european nations ca n't have a renaissance like them , or like the south koreans had . 
  for me , the metric will be when other eastern european countries see an uptick in their population growth , like the polish ( who * are n't * bolstering those numbers like much of the west with immigrating third world peoples into their borders ) . 
  ukraine and poland were much the same economically way back when - - poland grew to have an economy the size of norway in just a few decades , without any magical oil wealth . 
  http://i.imgur.com/k54zotk.png?1 that kind of uptick is n't accidental , and i do n't think there 's anything speaking polish has to do with it . 
  romania has a future , moldova has a future , belarus has a future , ukraine has a future . 
  whether it 'll be part of the western modernity the us would be very interested in them joining , or the subservient client state relationship the former ussr would like ... ... perhaps it 's unfortunate those are the lines in the sand people have to choose , and that there seems to be no third way like de gaulle wanted . 
  but as far as i can tell , china 's not so different from russia , though in a different region , and i do n't believe the middle east or africa will be stable any time soon . 
  if you 're making foreign policy moves by way of people wearing fatigues and your nation 's colors on their shoulders and rifles in their hands , absolutely . 
  if you were a moldovan general , would you risk servicemen 's lives on that ? 
  unless they can call up us dod and get a solid promise of protection , they wo n't . 
  at least i hope for their sakes they would n't . 
   moldova is not the same as georgia . 
  i 'm just worried because this was much the same argument people made for ukraine . 
   nato 's second in command in europe has , just like the new president of romania , insured they 'll protect the territorial integrity of moldova . 
  article 5 has never been invoked in a defensive war against a large regional power like russia . 
  no boat has sailed through these waters . 
   nothing such as neutrality exists in post-soviet space . 
  oh , i know . 
  btw , full disclosure ; you 're speaking to one of those americans who views the world as ` us v. them ' in much , much harsher terms than is generally polite to talk about . 
  i do n't have any illusions about why nations exist and what it takes for their people to remain sovereign and influential . 
   russians would have to go through odessa . 
  they can \u00b4 t. 
  that would be the end of all remnants of order that bind post ww2 europe together . 
  but * is * europe bound together ? 
  by the eu ? 
  by the eurozone ? 
  by nato ? 
  how tight is the overlap exactly ? 
  chechnya , moldova , georgia , ukraine article 5 , in theory , in completely untested theory , specifies that european powers would have to band together to protect a fellow member . 
  probably , * probably * poland does n't have anything to worry about . 
  but putin is playing a very , very dangerous game of chicken with europe and the west .
