  ( btw , who 's we ? ), 
  i said we did n't make africa into a shithole . 
  it 's just the default condition of any continent . 
  just look at siberia . 
  or tibet before mao got rid of the lama based feudalism . 
  great !, 
  you can pay for it personally and convince others to help you . 
  just stop taking my money and saying it 's worth it . 
  the place was in better condition on average at the end than before colonialism it was a shithole to begin with . 
  at the end , it was a shithole with some basic infrastructure . 
  the really tragic thing is that russia has unbelievable potential for development as an open modern economy . 
  the elements are there to make norway jealous - but that just is n't going to happen during this generation . 
  shame . 
  yes , but nato is a sleeping bear that does n't do much of anything unless you poke it in the eye . 
  the only time nato carried out offensive operations was after un approval - no veto from russia . 
  also , spying is preferable to annexation and spying . 
  i think they may have just gone white color . 
  that 's where the real money is . 
  the concentrated ownership problem applies to nord stream as well . 
  dat special relationship, 
  is that why she smells of onion soup ? 
  depends on the plugin , but essentially yes for a lot of the services out there right now, 
  you could send money to ordinary people.that may not do much for industry , but it would certainly boost services . 
  i think the bundesbank would jump off a bridge if that happened . 
  was that before or after he dumped the public option ? 
  probably would 've been a better choice . 
  i liked obama at the time too , but now i think he was just too green for the job . 
  they also unleashed a t-ltro package worth 400bn $ can i have some of that ? 
  i promise to use it to boost demand and increase inflation . 
  pretty please ? 
  inside slovenia . 
  not outside . 
  slovenia stronk and creative !, 
  there 's a difference between saying * happy birthday * and * another year closer to the grave . 
  you have to ask why . 
  there was n't gay marriage there to begin with . 
  the only way i can explain it is that these people know which way the wind is blowing and they want to set the bar higher to deny equality for as long as possible . 
  real dick move . 
  this is essentially a gdp per capita ranking . 
  it is a bit of a leap to say that that 's a direct measure of average families being better off . 
  edit : just noticed that the ranking is 4th among the g7 nations . 
  the headline is misleading as hell . 
  government subsidised camping for muslims !? 
  not just living memory . 
  the worst since records began 120 years ago . 
  yes . 
  and the green movement created exactly the kind of greenhouse effect and overpopulation that they warned against . 
  these parties are creatures of the banking crisis in particular and of globalisation in general . 
  federalists have nothing to do with them - especially since europe is n't federal !, 
  irrelevant . 
  if you want to resolve the problem without a violent conflict , you have to make some accommodation in this regard . 
  what are you , 12 , that this needs to be explained to you ? 
  shots fired !, 
  so change the law . 
  this is n't a group of squatters , it 's an entire population . 
  you ca n't expect to just deport them without starting a major conflict . 
  are we talking turks or turkish cypriots ? 
  chris fucker !, 
  thanks, 
  that 's like saying that the war in syria is no big deal because every country has political conflict and violent crime . 
  or that a hurricane is nothing special because there 's wind and rain everywhere . 
  you might like / r/nihilism /, 
  i 've just gone through the policy section of their wikipedia article and it seems to me that they would fit better into the ecr faction in parliament . 
  any idea why they 're in efd at the moment ? 
  i 've been curious about this for some time . 
  what do they want to get done if they get into power ? 
  all i know is that they want a referendum on exiting the $ . 
  build a dam and put a road on top of it . 
  what 's going on between 25 and 34 ? 
  have you ever touched an electric cattle fence ? 
  you can try to climb something like that all you want , but there 's no way in hell you get to the top . 
  not at a lethal level obviously , but yes . 
  what fraction of their voters know this ? 
  were these things part of the campaign ? 
  sure , but europe was by far the richest continent for a number of centuries when war raged on a nearly continuous basis . 
  being rich and greedy clearly did n't work here on its own, 
  you can be rich and still have war come to think of it , you can also be poor and still have peace . 
  one does n't automatically translate into the other . 
  there are many more factors involved . 
  although , war causes poverty and it 's difficult to get rich if you 're constantly being shot at . 
  well , the dutch will be busy for the next decade or so , 
  the roma . 
  any questions ? 
  it 's easy to be loved when you control the media . 
  step 1 : dismantle the eu . 
  step 2 : step 3 : globalisation reverses and old people get to be young again in every way, 
  same question as always : what happens if energy prices drop ? 
   not sure if a canadian is allowed here never !, 
  be gone from this hallowed place not to return before the age of man is done . 
  i 've thought for some time now that people who do n't vote should be represented by vacant seats . 
  if that means parliament does n't have quorum , so be it . 
  they just have n't been the same since mr. lebensmensch drove into a tree . 
  happy days !, 
  lost it at :  hans-christian strache says he himself is not a racist because he `` eats kebabs . '', 
  i think i remember another shooting happening there ( in belgium ) a while ago . 
  what are the gun laws like in belgium ? 
  he 's right . 
  a lot of people hold opinions in common with american policy in a number of areas . 
  some of them have good reasons for it , others do n't . 
  that , however , holds true no matter what your opinion is .
