  is this legal to do ? 
  should n't there be some sort of legal framework in europe which would make it punishable to take part in armed conflict abroad ? 
  tears of gender, 
  the rumour of terminal illness aside , i find it quite scary to see putin emotional - in public no less . 
  what i find fascinating is how similar the road layout is to our current highways - in slovenia , do n't know about the rest of europe . 
  allowing a house to deteriorate will lower the tax very slowly . 
  if you ca n't / do n't want to pay , you have to sell or use it to make money , i.e. 
  rent it out -  prices drop, 
  a warship is for life , not just for christmas ? 
  that does n't seem like an outrageous amount . 
  why do n't a few nato countries just pool some cash and buy it from under putin ? 
  i do n't see that stimulus and fiscal discipline are in opposition . 
  we need to stop living off massive deficits ( as well as reduce public debt at some point ) and also have the ecb help with growth when the need is clearly there - as is the case now . 
  a big part of the problem is that people keep real estate empty rather than sell or rent at market rates . 
  an obvious solution is to have a real estate tax which rises in the case of emptiness for an extended period . 
  it need n't be very high . 
  just enough to place a cost on hoarding . 
  iss is made of aluminium , not fer, 
  how much do these things cost anyway ? 
  not really . 
  the two biggest cities make fun of each other the most and there 's plenty of jokes about the smaller ones , but none stand out much . 
  i 'd be ok with it , but i do n't think it would really make much of a difference to people . 
  schengen is mostly about making land based border traffic easy . 
  does it make a great deal of difference at the airport ? 
  ( i hardly ever fly ), 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again : print money and send it to people via mail . 
  how long did bush need to take baghdad ? 
  edit : tried to suggest that taking a city is one thing , holding it is another, 
  it 's like a legion of doom . 
  if i imagine asking the people who fought in kosovo why they were fighting , it 's very difficult for me to picture them saying : for islam or for orthodox christianity . 
  it 's not really credible to say that this conflict was about anything other than ethnicity and its historical background ( that 's where your model works ) . 
  it would be easier to make the argument that language was a significant basis than religion . 
  point is it was n't really even a proxy in this case . 
  yup . 
  nobody gave a crap what you believed and how you practised it , if at all . 
  all that mattered was that you wanted to shoot the other guys . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  a sentence written for the first time . 
  are they actually from libya or is that just their point of departure ? 
  it seems unlikely to me that they would be from there since the population of that country is quite small . 
  [ we 'll be round tomorrow morning . 
  ] ( http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v101/he219/newest/pix/1d487cb3.jpg ) please have all your non-compliant tea related memorabilia collected inside standard eu size boxes . 
  go gender yourself , rosbif, 
  it would probably be better to do that here . 
  transporting gas without a pipeline is insanely expensive . 
  please tell me that 's a typo . 
  it 's your first language for fuck 's sake, 
  a bee . 
  hardworking , brainless and doomed . 
  would n't make a lot of sense without russia also joining , but in general i have no problem so long as they fulfill the criteria . 
  i think we should make contiguity part of the criteria , if only informally . 
  the thing is that it is n't a binary issue . 
  the eu is developing in the direction of concentric circles roughly speaking . 
  i can certainly see any of the cis countries getting to the level of * everything but institutions * , but joining is a bit iffy . 
  same goes for north africa west of egypt . 
  this would be a very broad framework . 
  it may make sense to be outraged by certain provisions , but i find it difficult to take people seriously when they say the entire thing is evil . 
  religious , political , ethicist or otherwise . 
  lend lease was a good thing . 
  there 's a specialist electrical material supply store 10 min from my house that sells them with a big official looking stickker saying they 're for special and outside use only . 
  we use them for the motion activated lights in our parking area . 
  we switched the rest in one go and our electric bill dropped significantly . 
  also , the newer ones activate fast enough so you do n't notice the difference . 
  is this like the light bulb thing ? 
  you can still get the old ones . 
  i do n't think we 'll be smugling them from russia or anything . 
  it reminds me of 2012/13 when we had massive protests here against corruption with tens of thousands of people participating . 
  [ a few dozen well organised neo-nazis ] ( http://www.mladina.si/media/www/slike/2012/49/__610/tema-zelo-velika-neo.jpg ) came there and started throwing rocks at the police ( unprecedented here ) . 
  eventually they were isolated and rejected , but the media was very helpful in terms of pointing out that they were a small minority . 
  jews should n't be blamed for the misbehaviour of the israeli government and muslims should n't be blamed for the misbehaviour of a small number of violent loosers ( presumably these guys were n't taking time off from their successful career ) . 
  our neighbours are weird . 
  how is that a difference relative to muslims ? 
  i 'd imagine that there 's some sort of definition for each of these categories . 
  you can only redistribute as much as you make . 
  if you have n't seen the twitter exchange between alexander and shatner , it 's worth a look - especially if you like star trek - it 's very treky, 
  it would make a nice naval jack, 
  11/9 ftfy, 
  til, 
  just send some freshly printed euros to people each month until inflation hits 2 % if you ca n't think of a better way to distribute liquidity . 
  i 'm fairly certain that some extra spending money wo n't create a tablet bubble or whatever . 
  also , this 'll be the first civilian system of its kind . 
  i 'm not sure how that changes things on a concrete level , but it ca n't be bad . 
  that 's my point though . 
  malta is over 50 times smaller than slovenia and you can get to the capital from most of the country in about 2h by express train . 
  where do you get your water ? 
  90 min seems a lot to me . 
  how come it takes that long ? 
  terrorism is a strategy whereby you scare your massively superior opponent into harming himself through irrational behaviour . 
  it seems to me that religious fundamentalists can see the writing on the wall . 
  their ideas are doomed in an age of cultural globalisation . 
  the only way they can even hope to slow this development is to introduce greater isolation around their , in this case muslim , community . 
  i 'm not sure how they could ever do that from the inside . 
  let 's not fall into the trap of doing it for them from the outside . 
  are you mainly looking at london based media ? 
  they have a special little bubble in which they live . 
  this was clear during the euro crisis as well . 
  happy cake day !, 
  if only we could all define our policy primarily as one of opposition to the united states and not so pathetically on its substance and implications as is tragically the case now . 
  / s creating a credible cost gradient away from state support for armed insurgencies on the european continent is far more in our interest than in the interest of the usa . 
  unfortunately , some people just want to be anti american even if it hurts them .
