  look at the bright side : there wo n't be any putin related complications here . 
  implying that these places were better off before they were governed . 
  regarding mare nostrum , read the article :-), 
  the problem is that you feeling good about yourself and saving the most lives with limited resources are in opposition when it comes to investing this limited money optimally . 
  if you have limited amount of money to fight cancer , you do n't invest in the latest and most expensive treatment , you invest it in prevention ; smoking reduction , education about healthy diet , screenings of at risk groups etc. 
  when you ca n't save everyone , you save as many as possible . 
  in this case , that is n't as emotionally satisfying . 
  suck it up !, 
  so what if it would n't ? 
  the us would n't exist if it were n't for the genocide of the natives . 
  neither would most of the other american countries . 
  i do n't see you offering to return manhattan . 
  strong civilisations conquer weak ones . 
  regarding your second point , there are well over 30 countries in europe . 
  how many held colonies in africa ? 
  i do n't see this as a fixable problem . 
  the best we can do is make deals with north african countries to stop the boats before they get into international waters . 
  maybe an australia style arrangement involving offshore processing centers could also be made . 
  but certainly mare nostrum has n't helped the situation and neither would its continuation or replacement . 
  if the money that 's been spent on mare nostrum were , instead , used to help with primary healthcare , education access to clean water in underdeveloped countries , it would have saved more lives . 
  the urgent purpose here is n't to save lives , it 's to make self-righteous middle class liberals feel good about themselves . 
  it seems to be perfectly fine with the pc crowd here that africans die , so long as the 're polite enough to do it far enough away from our shores . 
  two different questions . 
  i address how people choose their destination , yours looks at what they do when they arrive . 
  why does every problem in the world have to be somebody 's responsibility ? 
  europe is not the world 's nurse . 
  there was plenty of instability in africa before colonialism as there is after it . 
  it 's not clear if there would be greater stability there in its absence . 
  also , only a handful of european countries were colonial powers . 
  i do n't see why our money should be used to repent for actions which we had no say in . 
  oecd data regarding the economic determinants of immigration shows that `` pull '' factors such as the generosity of the destination country 's welfare system were more decisive than `` push '' factors such as domestic unrest in determining immigrants ' choice of a destination , which had no statistically significant effects . 
  yes , i know , oecd statistics are obviously racist . 
  most people here are n't exactly crazy about them coming ( as is shown by the lack of legal ways for them to come ) . 
  why would we enable it ? 
  edit : if you really want to save lives , you should be advocating for really safe ways for them to come , not just a really expensive band-aid that saves a few here and there . 
  europe has plenty of problems and limited resources . 
  this is n't crucial to our future , nor is it our responsibility to bail out every reckless migrant who intentionally puts themself in a deadly situation . 
   why would they care ? 
  if they do n't care about their citizens , why should we ? 
  they get what is promised by treaties and the budget perspective . 
  that 's what they played for and what they get . 
  what they want is a matter for santa claus , not contract/treaty law . 
  how ? 
  well then it 's perfectly justified . 
  if you pay for one thing and get another , you do n't pay for it . 
  could n't they just have done another print at their own expense ? 
  you should submit that to / r/yurop, 
  [ i just imagined barrosso in a hooded cape telling putin what to do via hologram . 
  schultz is standing behind him . 
  ] ( http://www.darthscreencapture.com/rpark/maul/data/misc/images/sith_hologram_02.jpg ), 
  [ this is an interesting topic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_european_union ) which rarely gets any attention . 
  til could you provide a link with more information about this ? 
  at the very least , the eu should investigate and record how well the money is spent . 
  just went to check and , as it turns out , they do . 
  slovenia : just casually mention that we 're part of the balkans . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqmb7xpjhq0 ), 
  that would break my heart :*( edit : [ but apparently he 'd be ok ] ( http://euobserver.com/tickers/125823 ), 
   cutting us off from britain that was geography , not the eu , silly . 
  clearly . 
  they 've been going on and on about discovering god . 
  it 's really sad . 
  is that where the knights come from ? 
  maybe the american side should go continental as well at some point, 
  this is a major constitutional issue . 
  getting 6 out of 10 votes should n't be enough if most people decide to boycott . 
  thanks, 
  does n't really answer my question . 
  is there a quorum ? 
  what is it ? 
  what kind of majority produces a positive result ? 
  who is eligible to vote ? 
  what are the rules ? 
  is there a quorum ? 
  who gets to vote ? 
  what kind of majority would produce a yes result ? 
  they could always enter illegally . 
  also , if we could turn them , they 'd be really useful in terms of winning the war of ideas - that 's really the only level on which this can be won . 
  everything else is just treating symptoms . 
  yes . 
  solid eu , liquid eu , vapours eu and plasma eu, 
  wan na be friends ? 
  because ecologists do n't know how to prioritise . 
  i would push for renewables to displace coal first and then nuclear , but i 'm sensible . 
  i do n't think the map was made by the un, 
  have an upvote - simply for this : * ` we are all filthy french ' *, 
  that 's the point of terrorism . 
  you do n't have the ability to change the world directly , so you manipulate people through irrational fear and achieve changes that way . 
  when someone dies from the effects of a flash flood , you do n't start building a roof over the whole of the country . 
  you make reasonable changes like re-enforcing dykes , expanding drains , deepening riverbeds investing more into meteorology and public warning systems , buying a new high capacity pump for the local fire department . 
  things that do n't get in the way of people living normal lives . 
  how the hell are we the same as sweden ? 
  i mean ... slovenia stronk !, 
  edit : we 're not ... actual number is 825, 
  thanks . 
  makes for great reading with my morning coffee . 
  the stored gas as of this moment is equivalent to about half of what russia supplies to europe the entire year ( it 's a bit different each year ) . 
  i could n't find numbers for monthly consumption , but given that russia provides for cca 25 % of european gas consumption , this means we have a gap of less than 13 % between now and 26 . 
  2015 i 'd be surprised if this could n't be filled by some additional supply from other gas suppliers in combination with displacement by other energy sources and economies at the consumption end . 
  we 're ready http://transparency.gie.eu/index.php/graphs?code=99_99_99, 
  it is ratified .
