  does n't exactly lend much credence to your other [ statements ] . 
  it 's still just as false an argument as when you made it , but it shows how someone 's quote need n't always conform to their point of view . 
   just because you 're `` afraid '' of something you can not predict and is highly unlikely . 
  really easy for you to say . 
  you want what you want and if that means everyone else has to drop head , then so be it + some post hoc rationalisation . 
   find out that he was making the actual opposite argument to you . 
  then yes , this harms your argument immensely no , it does n't . 
  if someone produces a video in order to make point x , it 's perfectly fine to use part of that same video animation to try and make point - x. prose is no different . 
   at the very least the words you found so `` profound '' when you misunderstood them should give you pause to reflect when you realise you had the meaning completely the opposite . 
  i reflect on my opinions regardless of your strange objection . 
  so what if i see a different meaning in the words than did the author ? 
  a poem is an artictic creation and therefor available for reinterpretation . 
  it 's not as if i ever laid claim to the author 's authority - not that that should count for anything in an argument . 
   does n't exactly lend much credence to your other `` predictions '' . 
  i never used the quote as a basis for any prediction , simply as an illustration of how i see the sides in this confrontation . 
  in any case , you ca n't dismiss an argument based simply on your dislike of the arguer - justified or not . 
  ps : were those personal snipes really necessary ? 
   you can not compare modern societies to the past if you can think of something better to compare them to , i 'd love to know what that is . 
   i have hope in our people , you do not . 
  you happen to be by far the largest nationality on an island . 
  it does n't take much hope to be comfortable with that . 
  some of us are n't so lucky . 
   knowlege of the quotes i use so they do n't completely backfire is there some sort of rule that you can only use quotes to ilustrate precisely the identical point as their original author ? 
  backfire on what ? 
  how ? 
  next to the existing and emerging giants of the 21st century , a fragmented europe of bickering , narowly shortsighted tribal entities does n't look like much of a civilisation . 
  that 's assuming they do n't revert to their historical default of near constant mutual slaughter . 
  an optimistic assumption to say the least . 
   things fall apart ; the centre can not hold ;  mere anarchy is loosed upon the world ,  the blood-dimmed tide is loosed , and everywhere  the ceremony of innocence is drowned ;  the best lack all conviction , while the worst  are full of passionate intensity . 
  some people just want to see the world burn . 
  next candidate after turkey ? 
  putin will be pissed . 
   but anyways , how is the eu not liberal and unified anymore ? 
  because of a couple temporary border id checks ? 
  objectively speaking , you 're right . 
  even so , i get really anxious when i see this happening . 
  what took generations and a few minor miracles to build could be taken apart over a few years . 
  it 's a scary thought . 
  i submitted an article about this earlier today and it got downvoted to oblivion ... 
  thought i 'd give it another try . 
   yet estonia and latvia , who are right next to russia , would actually improve maybe the trend before the embargo was on course for a faster improvement . 
  this may be a chance to give the opposition a bit more breathing room , but do n't expect anything too dramatic in the short or even medium term . 
  belarus probably needs a generation or so of this to really make a difference . 
  in the vast majority of situations it 's best just to be as helpful as possible . 
  life is n't a tv show . 
  you 're most likely to have contact with the police over really small issues . 
  in these cases , it pays dividends to keep the cops on side . 
  you may end up paying one fine instead of several . 
  you may get off with a warning . 
  do n't forget : cops hate doing paperwork , but if you make their life difficult , they may just be motivated to go the extra mile `` for you '' . 
  it 's definitely a legitimate concern regarding the wider area , but completely off topic as far as the article is concerned . 
  i apologise if my assumption was incorrect but given the above and the frequency with which people practice drive by commenting , i hope you 'll agree that it was a reasonable conclusion to arrive at ... balance of probability and all that . 
  you ignore the opinions of other people . 
  expect similar treatment in return . 
   and no , i did not read the article . 
  good reason for others to not read your comment . 
  read the article , please . 
  we ignore geography at our own peril . 
  the fact that we sit on top of the middle east and africa dictates that our policy be dramatically different from the countries you mention . 
  we also posses capacities which they do n't . 
  adopting a variant of the australian border policy is a sensible place to start , but it 's not a wise place to stop . 
  why should we operate with one hand tied behind our back ? 
  if we can stop a problem before it shows up on our doorstep , we should . 
  did you even take a passing glance at the article ? 
  sorry , it 's already over . 
  it starts around eleven every year though . 
  they played it at the end . 
  they did the clapping and everything . 
  did he decide to go piss during the radetzky march ? 
  that was hilarious . 
  they trrk urr snuu, 
  don ' feed the troll, 
  really something to be proud of . 
  i wish esa had the budget to deliver a more constant mission cadence . 
  maybe one day ... 
  does this mean the fireworks are back on ? 
  cyprus finally learns to love itself for who it is and accepts its other half . 
  no wonder so many people want to get up in here . 
  this is part of my daily routine ... 
  i 'm such a geek, 
  is it weird that i like reading stuff like this with my morning coffee ? 
  this has been in the cards for some time . 
  as i understand the reform , it will consolidate the agency and the industry under one roof . 
  i smell opportunity for record breaking corruption . 
  makes me proud to be yuropean !, 
  does he get a special bonus for doing his own stunts ? 
  so multitask . 
  rt , really ? 
  forget deterring russia or stabilising the southern neighborhood . 
  bringing democracy to the middle swiss is the winning argument here . 
  why do you think external scrutiny is a bad thing ? 
  i 've always seen it as one of the main benefits of membership . 
  my secession sense is tingling . 
  does she though ? 
  controlling the external border and applying sensible standards for entry is not at all the same as imposing a policy of * `` you shall not pass !, 
  '' * going by eurostat figures , if all the people fleeing conflict affected countries were granted entry into europe , it would still mean a drop of 80 % as regards entries . 
  that 's already a huge difference from the free-for-all which currently exists . 
  you forgot frugal . 
  be more careful in the future . 
  good grief , that spelling .
