  they 're all the same anyway . 
  hihi, 
  who says :  the guideline value for nitrate of 50 mg/l as nitrate is based on epidemiological evidence for methaemoglobinaemia in infants , which results from short-term exposure and is protective for bottle-fed infants and , consequently , other population groups . 
  [ pdf - page 16 or 24 depending on how you count ] ( http://www.who.int/water_sanitation_health/dwq/chemicals/nitratenitrite2ndadd.pdf ), 
  nato is n't doing anything in syria . 
  i 'm saying that it was more than just a regular bubble . 
  a huge amount of financial services were built on the idea that real estate could never go down in value . 
  when something similar happens to oil prices , it does n't really matter unless you own oil stocks . 
  the reason for the difference is that people do n't have some weird religious confidence in the intrinsic value of , in this case , oil . 
  the vast majority of bubbles end up hurting the speculators and nobody else . 
  it takes a special confluence of circumstances to create a crisis . 
  at the very least , the demographic makeup is different . 
  specifically , reddit is probably dominated by people who did n't live as adults during the cold war . 
  that alone can make a big difference . 
  hail dictator !, 
  why ? 
  the eurostat press release only has it broken down to eu28 and ea18 . 
  ok , did n't know that . 
  still , did n't that have second order effects on gdp ? 
  also , i could have sworn that there was a lot of talk regarding a connection between chinese gdp and a real estate bubble . 
  was that just complete bs ? 
  well , a lot of what happened during the post-2008 fallout was a wiping out of speculative value which never should have existed to begin with . 
  there would have to be a high frequency of missions to justify that sort of infrastructure . 
  in space , you do n't need fibre : http://www.esa.int/our_activities/operations/laser_communications_set_for_moon_mission, 
  they 'd just end up confusing sever for south . 
  it 's more obvious . 
  if you took away secularism from most european countries , it would become very obvious very fast as well . 
  what would be the point of l point stations at this stage ? 
  the moon is a great place to try out different things in a nearby , low level gravity well . 
  it 's where we learn what needs learning before mars . 
  if you try to learn the basic stuff on mars , you die !, 
  nonsense . 
  you do n't stop civilisational advancement in its tracks every time there 's a fire to put out . 
  you learn to do more than one thing at a time . 
  the same argument applies to cern , medical research , it development , the royal society , galileo , copernicus , plato ... 
  alternative f\u00fcr luna !, 
  tldr  they found the atmosphere above venus ' poles to be much colder than expected , with an average temperature of about -250 fahrenheit ( -157 \u00b0 c ) . 
   ...  the polar atmosphere is also not as dense as expected ; at 80 miles ( 130 km ) in altitude , it is 22 % less dense than predicted . 
   ...  additionally , the polar region was found to be dominated by strong atmospheric waves , a phenomenon thought to be key in shaping planetary atmospheres , including that of earth . 
  not sure that one qualifies as `` international '' . 
  i 'm sure there 's also some bridge somewhere which needs renovation . 
  that does n't mean we stop doing everything else till it 's fixed . 
  i do n't think middle eastern countries had refugee benefits back then . 
  if they had a system as prone to asylum shopping as we do , chances are it would 've been no different . 
  in this case , it really is our own fault for allowing it . 
  does someone happen to know what the public approval rate is for the current government ? 
  slovenia can into nordic !, 
  great day for coal miners though . 
  what 's the likely outcome of the parliamentary vote in the south ? 
  [ well , this is awkward ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anthem_of_the_slovene_nation#official_lyrics ), 
  it 's the same song , just a different stanza . 
  nice motto, 
  full independence from russian gas would be very difficult . 
  we could , however , strip that gas trade of most of its strategic leverage by diversifying supply with tap-tanap , eastern med developments ( assuming a resolution of the cyprus issue ) , lng and a cohesive internal gas infrastructure and market . 
  this , combined with moscow 's failure to significantly enter the chinese market swings the advantage squarely in europe 's direction . 
  we 've gone quite far away from the original issue . 
  if this is the best you can come up with as an example of over-regulation , i think the problem is n't so great after all . 
   i was saying that the embargo was pushed even though nobody had a benefit from it . 
  that 's the nature of all sanctions . 
  the reason they are employed in international relations is to avoid far more costly eventualities . 
   invalidates your equivocating it with denying things that are common sense . 
  if your company mined coal , it would be your profit against a slight climate disruption . 
  if you were a refinery , it would be your profit against air or water quality . 
  in this case , it 's your profit against making sure annexations in europe are expensive and unappealing . 
  the financial gain of private interest groups should n't have veto power over the greater public good . 
   you 're mistaking enlightenment with renaissance . 
  i 'm arguing that the renaissance was a big part of why the enlightenment happened when it did , the way it did . 
   what do you mean ? 
  what confessional question ? 
  if you are personally a christian believer . 
  there exist laws with which you do n't agree , but have to follow . 
  that 's a different thing from over-regulation . 
  it 's an issue that people just have to deal with when they live in groups . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of people who could make the same * `` my profit vs something i do n't care about '' * argument about air , water and food safety directives , to say nothing about the recently signed climate agreement . 
  the enlightenment came out of a rediscovery of antiquity . 
  as for christianity , it can be a clumsy business giving christianity 's cultural imprint its rightful mention , but avoiding the confessional question . 
  some people use the term * cultural christian * but that does n't really translate , so i usually just leave the whole thing off the table . 
  it means that , thanks to the sacrifices and dedication of countless millions , i have some of the best opportunities and conditions in human history and the world today in which to live my life . 
  it also means i have a responsibility to make sure these things are n't wasted on me . 
  there 's a great deal of good which needs preserving . 
  there 's also quite a bit of of potential which needs attaining . 
  when we 're at our best , europe can lead the way to a better world . 
  if we * can * do that , we * should * . 
  who thought you humour , a german ? 
  if it 's ok for a government to force you to wear underpants , it 's ok for it to make rules going the other way as well . 
  yes . 
  the point is that it is n't revenge . 
  as far as i know , you lock them away till they 're no longer a danger to themselves and others - in most cases till treatment is successful . 
  have politicians use it as easy populism till most of the population comes to understand that caring about it means they 're suckers . 
  then wait till the remaining diehards , well , die off . 
  i see the legion of doom-kip is coming along nicely . 
  i do n't know who down voted this , but sir/madam , you are a cartoon villain . 
  we build . 
  context suggests otherwise . 
  as an example , we do n't punish transgressions resulting from altered mental states , we treat them . 
  that 's the point of sanctions . 
  if anything , the problem there is that the loophole exists at all , not that it 's too inconvenient . 
  what 's the most recent overregulation you were bothered by ? 
  and running interference when it 's pointed out how much damage they 're doing in the present . 
  full text here https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/4ffhq7/moscows_failed_pivot_to_china_and_how_it_benefits/,
