  it 's a bit rich to claim that the eu is a german banking conspiracy given that the city of london exists . 
  europe works when we all seek an equitable positive sum compromise . 
  maximalism and triumphalism is for other continents . 
  insert federalisation joke here . 
  this is what happens when you give the colonials too long a leesh . 
  dollar strength explains the second half of that fall , not the first . 
  look at the 2 year $ / $ chart . 
  that 's what the printers are for . 
  i 'm sure saudi arabia has some diplomatic quarters which would make for a nice bonfire . 
  the expectation that the eu will solve acute problems outside its frontiers is not in line with its existing portfolio of powers . 
  i do n't know about this specific publication , but this sort of criticism often comes from the same people who push for even more policy fragmentation . 
  sometimes they even use it as justification , as if to say that some sort of chance was given but squandered . 
  sorry , a bit off topic . 
  that , or someone forgot their hand granade in the locker . 
  cus sweden . 
  also , beer in the vending machines or the terrorists win . 
  you 're right . 
  * honey , where 's the noose ? 
  statoil to the rescue !, 
  how come ? 
  is it just down to all the pastures ? 
  i mean it 's not as if you guys grow that much grain or whatever . 
  i think they have a touristy version of that which works for a week and includes museum passes . 
  does anyone know if i 'm lying ? 
  edit - http://www.visitljubljana.com/en/ljubljana-card, 
  that 's south slovenia . 
  some people call it croatia . 
  he 's as good a mayor as he is a white collar criminal . 
  they 're not europe 's refugees . 
  `` faceless dictatorship uses taxpayer money to bring back vicious flying beasts to feast on poor innocent bulgarians . 
  also , vicious flying beasts are the same colour as isis flag . '', 
   i thought part of slovenia was going to be incorporated into styria again . 
  new coal stations are better than old coal stations . 
  still , that 's not saying much . 
  polska , we tried to warn you about those media laws . 
  * now , too late it is . 
  it 's branko grims we 're talking about . 
  just ignore him , that 's what everyone here does . 
  metaphorical thinking only works when it works . 
  when it does n't , it does n't . 
  planes carry something/one in each direction , rockets do n't . 
  planes refuel at their destination , rockets do n't . 
  rockets do n't have intrinsically integrated fuel tanks , planes do . 
  the question here is if saving the cost of fuel tank production ( an easy to produce component ) justifies the cost of bringing it back . 
  edit : come to think of it , in situations where refuelling is n't practical , even planes dump the fuel tank https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drop_tank, 
  we 're just out of crew modules . 
  would a lifting body do ? 
  harmonised does n't mean identical . 
  it means it 's coordinated such that the variations do n't undercut each other . 
  the share ... not the absolute number . 
   wider still and wider ... 
   schengen will have to be modified oh , definitely . 
  an effective coast guard and border patrol will have to be formed and a harmonised asylum/migration policy created . 
  my point is that the balance of probability is massively in favour of that as opposed to a dismantlement of schengen . 
  it has massive popular support as well as support from the business sector . 
  based on that , i 'd say no . 
  in the event of brexit , there would exist an existential interest in demostrating the disadvantages of splintering off in this way . 
  if this course were persued , it would be a simple matter of rational self-interest . 
  in the arena of geopolitics , that 's the only thing that matters . 
  there 's no point in inserting sentiment here . 
  switzerland is a non-member . 
  why should eu principles apply to it any more than they do to mongolia ? 
  the middle east needs a babysitter . 
  it used to be turkey , then the french and the brits , then the various dictators . 
  anyone know if iran 's interested in taking care of a few illbehaved brats ? 
  i like that they do n't spontaneously burst into flames . 
  they have standards in iran ... emission standards . 
  / i 'll show myself out, 
  it 's the american version of `` the west is decadent ! '', 
  and just as meaningless . 
  hurry up and join nato while oil prices are too * low for russia to do anything about it . 
  my point was more along the lines that there are similar problems across the pond , to our south as well as other parts of the world . 
  in addition , you ca n't really say europe is n't working without also saying that ( in this case ) italy is n't working . 
  it 's a bit arbitrary , that 's all . 
  if the question is the narrowed down to their ability to sustain an existential minimum , then no , they do n't need imports . 
  nonmilitary technology/machinery , medicine , food , cars , parts ... 
  the chart says : more or less everything . 
  to be fair , not much of anything is working for this generation . 
  unless they have loose enough rules of engagement , it makes no difference . 
  unless they have loose enough rules of engagement , it makes no difference . 
  then hold them at the border . 
  and this has been reflected in numerous arrangements reached since then . 
  those agreements should be on the table as a whole not only in that part which bothers london . 
  otherwise it 's a bait and switch . 
   there 's no real international waters between greece and turkey so what ? 
  the critical point is that we physically do n't allow them to land . 
  australia does n't bring them back to the other country 's shores . 
  they just take them away from their own shores . 
  seems to be working . 
  aside from the negative balance of payments , all of those things were agreed in exchange for things the uk wanted . 
  those should be on the table as well . 
  seems a bit one sided . 
  seeing as this involves the uk reneging on a number of existing commitments , what do the other 27 get to stop doing in return ? 
  only the green ones a military bases . 
  the red ones are mcdonald 's - s. 
  what ? 
  by what sort of twisted logic did you get from this graph to your conclusion ? 
  the only thing this data indicates about small member states , is that they get outvoted less than 3 % of the time . 
  just like france , italy and spain . 
  the thing to do here is to look at the evidence first and formulate a conclusion second .
