  this means russia ca n't monopolise it without massive fines . 
  depends which muslim community we 're talking about . 
  it seems to me that the more conservative , poor , undereducated the community , the greater the danger . 
  slovenia got the best muslims available - the ones from albania and bosnia . 
  the sorts of muslims you can get drunk with . 
  i bet they were thinking of belgium when they came up with the idea . 
   in theory lab grown cells could be used instead . 
  but why would you ? 
  i was thinking that this may have applications beyond spinal cord repair . 
  in this case it would be good to have a more abundant source which you could tap repeatedly as needed . 
  also , why remove functional tissue if it 's avoidable ? 
  thank you for the answers . 
  are there any realistic concerns that there may be excessive growth in the treated area ? 
  is there a way to get native oecs without harvesting the olfactory bulb ? 
  is enough money being thrown at this ? 
  why the hell not ? 
  let me guess , fish ? 
  but they have a flag . 
  just got detector today . 
  it 's so much better than the printouts i used to use . 
  these happen quite regularly . 
  you just need to get the app or check online and enter your location . 
  you 'll get a list . 
  the circle applies to my location . 
  that 's what i gave you a link to a site which gives you this info for your locations . 
  use it !, 
  wow , that 's really convenient . 
  thanks for the link . 
   what 's special about those two ? 
  mostly the fact that i saw it on twitter . 
  also , the bright ones are n't quite so common for a given location . 
  get the exact information for your location generated [ here . 
  ] ( http://iss.astroviewer.net/observation.php ) see the current location of the iss [ here . 
  ] ( http://iss.astroviewer.net/index.php ) you will be able to see the iss with the naked eye ( as a steadily moving bright dot ) , but a good set of binoculars may give you some detail . 
  obviously , clouds make this impossible and you should stand in the dark for a couple of minutes before to adapt your eyes . 
  that or they really do n't like them apples . 
  but it has a deficient mandate . 
  it 's totally monetarist . 
  there 's a difference between government programs and public investments - bridge renovations , rail electrification , electric grid upgrades , rural fibre subsidy , flood defences , gas storage , water storage in drought risk areas ... 
  things it pays to have in the long run . 
  but you 're right to say that funding structural deficits using temporary measures is a bad idea . 
  that 's just the thing . 
  they are n't a group any more . 
  i do n't see why they should have any extra privileges beyond what other non-grouped meps get . 
  the same rules apply to everyone . 
  if you ca n't meet the minimum standard to form a faction , you do n't get treated like a faction . 
  there 's a good reason for the minimum number of states rule . 
  the ep is supposed to look out for the common european interest . 
  the member states are already represented by the council . 
  also , the rules can be changed at any time by a majority of members , so , democratic . 
  and why are they undemocratic ? 
  that is n't where this argument began . 
  the issue is whether offering a delegation position to an efdd member was undemocratic . 
  the rules on committee seat allocation is a separate issue . 
  i 'm not really willing to start a discussion on a second issue unless the discussion on the firs is settled . 
  otherwise we can just constantly change the subject and talk past each other . 
  if this is the minimum standard for calling something democratic , i 'd appreciate some consistency of criticism in this regard . 
  is the us federal government undemocratic ? 
  nobody seems to think this judging from the lack of the kind of accusation you level against schultz . 
  it seems to me that you 're just taking an action you disapprove of and labeling it undemocratic even though it really is n't much of a departure from standard politics in any parliamentary system . 
  i do n't see it . 
  the kurds have always had nothing but local ambitions . 
  also , they 're a potential secular power in the middle east . 
  that can only be a good thing . 
  there is n't much you can do given the treaty framework . 
  for member states that is . 
  the last thing we need is a second orban entering the union . 
   the eu is n't very disturbed by orban what !? 
  yes it is . 
  i bet you 're one of those dirty and ** spiteful ** french that they keep talking about . 
  the way we nominate commissioners, 
  it 's political and underhanded , but hardly undemocratic . 
  he was elected to his position by a majority of meps and can be removed in the same way . 
  just wanted to point out that this has consequences on the emissions and that those consequences should n't just be dismissed as right wing propaganda . 
  german investments in renewables are n't reducing climate change . 
  they 're partially offsetting the removal of nuclear plants . 
  people should be aware of this . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  there is certainly an issue here . 
  dumping nuclear ahead of coal is definitely not a rational move from a carbon point of view . 
  not usually . 
  in a zero sum game - as in zero growth . 
  the moment there 's positive growth , there 's the possibility for win-win scenarios . 
  it 's really slow though . 
  i understand that the `` boots on the ground '' segment is a can of worms , but i do n't quite understand the hesitation in regards to the air and naval elements . 
  i 've thought for a while that this could work really well on a european level . 
  why am i wrong ? 
  this is a nice gesture , but it does n't change the fact that there will not be a real palestine on the ground . 
  the two state solution has been dead for some time now . 
  we should admit this and look for an arrangement that 's compatible with the reality : israel will not release the west bank and the strategic depth which it provides, 
  support for brexit seems to correlate with age . 
  i assume he wants the vote held before his margin of victory dies . 
  yes . 
  that said , i 'd be happier if i could vote for candidates and parties outside my home country . 
  i 'm not saying europe needs to be a single constituency , but it would make sense for the smaller countries to give voters the chance to pick someone they actually like and pool into a constituency about the size of germany . 
  slovenia is actually a few years ahead in this regard . 
  belgium is special in many , many ways . 
  i 've always been curious about what happens to the vegetation under and around the solar panels . 
  do these places have livestock to take care of it or is it simply removed ? 
   do n't cry because ~ ~ it 's over ~ ~ it happened .
