  if you live and pay tax in your home country you get social benefits , but if you do the same in a neighbouring eu state you do n't . 
  i 'm not saying that the previous situation was perfect or that this one is terrible , but it seems like there should be more consistency in this area for people who work in another eu state . 
  after all , companies do n't get discriminated against if they 're based outside a country . 
  why should people be ? 
  some sort of pan-eu social fund for cross border labour may be in order - funded from these people and spent on them . 
  or is there a better idea out there ? 
  i love that i live in a time when a stupid question like that actually gets an answer . 
  you ca n't have brussels a la carte !, 
  would it even fit ? 
  how come someone does n't just start a new party ? 
  we 're in a war of ideas here . 
  i 'd prefer if these people could be convinced to swithch directly to secular humanism , but that seems unlikely . 
  for this reason , i think it would be a good idea to give greater voice to moderate european muslims who could introduce an element of competitive inhibition into the existing dynamic . 
  anyone who is n't familiar with the concept of euro-islam should google it . 
  a similar principle has been employed by moroco ( facilitating the education of moderate religious leaders from all over their region in the country ) and i think it 's been the most successful approach to this issue so far . 
  killing these idiots is a stop-gap . 
  a permanent solution requires that we suck the oxigen from their movement untill the flame dies completely . 
  in slovenia it 's municipally controlled . 
  most municipalities own a utilities company which also handels trash collection and regular road maintenance for minicipal roads ( but not their contruction or major modifications ) . 
  i know of one municipality which has given responsibility for the water network to a private company - a locally based brewery and drinks maker which is also a major user of the water and a major employer there . 
  so far , i have n't heard of any major complaints from anywhere relating to the water supply other than a few citisen initiatives to do with price increases ( from the public utility companies - explained as inflation related , and the reported prices there were insanely low to be hohnest ) . 
  could n't you use the money saved from the subsidies to build better infrastructure or lower taxes in order to attract more competitive employers to the country ? 
  or something like that ... 
  it strikes me as odd that the recent status quo was the best possible use of available funds . 
  maybe he just could n't get his kosher neighbour to water his plants for him . 
  why were the plants closed ? 
  seems like a painless way to cut administration expenditure across the board . 
  it would be great if brussels got ahead of this , adopted open source itself and created standards where needed to avoid a flickenteppich across europe later on . 
  and we will never know what could have been . 
  * let not any one pacify his conscience by the delusion that he can do no harm if he takes no part , and forms no opinion . 
  bad men need nothing more to compass their ends , than that good men should look on and do nothing . 
  * we accept her *, 
  energy efficient is not the same as environmentally friendly, 
  from what i understand it looks at the biggest economies , but i also wish they had numbers on the smaller countries as well . 
  that 's not an arrangement or anything else nice-sounding . 
  it 's simple corruption . 
  go to jail . 
  do not pass go . 
  do not collect 200 $ . 
   u5ko who 's a regular here and a pretty decent fella :-), 
  this is an opinion poll , not propaganda . 
  go ahead and re-submit, 
  probably . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  where do these people think it should be done then , in space ? 
  to all concerned : please fix this already . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  there is no palestine , very little evidence that there could be one in the absence of israeli presence in the west bank and quite a low probability that there will ever be one in the future . 
  i think the two state solution is long since dead . 
  peace efforts should transition to looking for an accommodation within a single state structure . 
   ( and they are wrong too ) about what ? 
  regretting that statement yet ? 
  for starters we could end development funding to russia that comes from the eib and the ebrd . 
  after that we could resume the market abuse investigation against gasprom that was suspended a while ago for no good reason . 
  while we 're doing that we could also pass the hat around for some cash to buy those assault ships from under them before they take delivery . 
  that 's just off the top of my head . 
  i 'm sure we can find more stuff to do if we try . 
  so , makeup ? 
  incedentally , slovenia may join in 2016 if all goes well - it was just on the tv today . 
  if you click the live tab at the top of the crash article you 'll see the live text column on the left . 
  just scroll down and you 'll see these posts - verbatim, 
  from [ wikipedia  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaysia_airlines_flight_17#cause )  separatists have acknowledged shooting down an aircraft at approximately the same time in approximately this location , claiming it was a ukrainian military transport plane . 
  [ 13 ] an associated press reporter on thursday saw seven rebel-owned tanks parked at a gas station outside the eastern ukrainian town of snizhne . 
  in the town , he also observed a buk missile system , which can fire missiles up to an altitude of 22,000 meters ( 72,000 feet ) . 
  [ 14 ] edit : from the bbc live text feed :  twitter account used by pro-russian separatists , in which they claim to have captured a buk surface-to-air missile system , has now been deleted edit2 : from the bbc live text feed :  flight recorders have been found at the crash site , konstantin knyrik , a spokesman for the pro-russian rebels , has told interfax news agency . 
  earlier reports quoted rebels as saying they intended to send the flight recorders to moscow for checking . 
  it 's also the flag of used by the council of europe , and i think more or less all european countries are members of that . 
  anyway , i doubt the commission would sue anyone for trademark infringement even if this were not the case . 
  i think i 'll wait to see what it actually says before i sign a petition opposing it . 
  in europe , good things happen slowly . 
  bad things happen fast . 
  yes . 
  i just wanted to point out that this was n't the sort of home-grown fascist movement that existed in some other occupied countries at the time . 
  it was an alliance of convenience . 
  not a massive moral difference , but an important historical one in my opinion . 
  most of them were n't really nazis , just anticommunists who took weapons where they could get them and swore loyalty in exchange . 
  that 's the 4pm number . 
  51 by 7pm, 
  actually the number was 51 %, 
  [ be careful what you say , tovari\u0161 . 
  [ always makes me think of this - such a laugh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe2wup7zjda ), 
  in our context `` non-ideological '' means that you do n't take part in endless bickering about who was worse , the communist resistance or the axis collaborators . 
  these things usually come up when one side or the other needs to rally its base and most of us are sick of hearing about it . 
  it 's a matter for historians , not politicians . 
  if they insist on squawking about it further , they can do it without the benefit of taxpayer funded wages . 
   russia did something wrong , yes . 
  they started a war in europe . 
  if you 're determined to ignore that , at least be honest about what you 're ignoring . 
  he 's a law professor and constitutional scholar with a reputation for honesty . 
  he ran on an anti-ideological , anti-corruption platform . 
  a lot of people are comparing him to janez drnov\u0161ek and saying he could essentially be another successful ** technocrat ** like drnov\u0161ek was . 
  some of my best wives are european . 
  why ? 
  he 's got a third leg, 
  same thing here . 
  roscosmos is not a bigger agency . 
  they have a legacy human programme , but are behind on everything else . 
  if you want to compete with nasa , you need billions in extra money per year which you wo n't get by moving some administrative staff from national bodies to esa . 
  that 's what these things are de facto - with some flexibility outside of the esa framework , which is fine the technicality of formally attaching national space bodies under esa is n't terribly important in my view . 
  why do we differ on this ?
