  nope . 
  the law was passed by parliament , but never went into force because the referendum procedure was triggered . 
  he did actually adress that . 
  neither can menopausal women , but we still allow them to marry . 
  you get that the criticism here is over the directive being too loose , right ? 
  that means it gives `` too much '' freedom of maneuver to national legislatures and regulators when it comes to enforcing net neutrality . 
  outside the eu , instead of a loose minimal standard , you 're left with none . 
  the states can still go further in enforcing neutrality rules , they just are n't being forced to by this directive . 
  slovenia and the netherlands have had `` proper '' net neutrality for a while . 
  that stays - and nothing 's stopping the uk government from adopting the same standard . 
  well , it 's a loose guideline . 
  i just want to point out that this is now them i final standard for net neutrality in the eu which gives a lot of space for national legislation and national regulatory authorities to define their own specific definitions . 
  the point is that they ca n't do less but are allowed to do more . 
  specifically , slovenia and the netherlands do n't have to change a thing and other states can adopt their standard of net neutrality , but wo n't be forced to . 
  this is how directives work , people !, 
  it 's not the same as a law . 
  i just want to point out that this is now them i final standard for net neutrality in the eu which gives a lot of space for national legislation and national regulatory authorities to define their own specific definitions . 
  the point is that they ca n't do less but are allowed to do more . 
  specifically , slovenia and the netherlands do n't have to change a thing and other states can adopt their standard of net neutrality , but wo n't be forced to . 
  this is how directives work , people !, 
  it 's not the same as a law . 
  i just want to point out that this is now them i final standard for net neutrality in the eu which gives a lot of space for national legislation and national regulatory authorities to define their own specific definitions . 
  the point is that they ca n't do less but are allowed to do more . 
  specifically , slovenia and the netherlands do n't have to change a thing and other states can adopt their standard of net neutrality , but wo n't be forced to . 
  this is how directives work , people !, 
  it 's not the same as a law . 
  i just want to point out that this is now them i final standard for net neutrality in the eu which gives a lot of space for national legislation and national regulatory authorities to define their own specific definitions . 
  the point is that they ca n't do less but are allowed to do more . 
  specifically , slovenia and the netherlands do n't have to change a thing and other states can adopt their standard of net neutrality , but wo n't be forced to . 
  this is how directives work , people !, 
  it 's not the same as a law . 
  actually , it used to be a man and as many women as he could buy , then it was one man and one woman so long as they were peasants under the same feudal lord , then it was one man and one woman of the same religion , then it was one man and one woman of the same general religious group , then it was one man and one woman till death do them part , now it 's one man and one woman till they get tired of one another . 
  problem is , most of the yes people do n't care enough to show up at the polls . 
  also , slovenia can out of balkans . 
  r\u0161\u010d better ? 
  i find that the quality rises a lot over the weekend . 
  it 's not water or distance that protect australia , it 's policy . 
  no admission to australian territory or finances until asylum is grantee based on actual evidence . 
  it 's not about fences or boats , it 's about incentives and disincentives . 
  would you say that cca 4300 people in a country of 10.000.000 is a substantive , thoughtful justification for such a large shift in opinion on a crucial matter of national policy ? 
  does it really outweigh the freedom of movement , the structural funds , the higher harmonised standards , the additional level of judicial and political oversight ? 
  how many times do i have to say it ? 
  australia solved this problem without a single fence . 
  and an absence of the eu would prevent these movements how ? 
  these people cross borders regardless of eu membership and seek to reach wealthier countries regardless of it as well . 
  the only way to effectively address the situation is to implement an overarching solution - something which is orders of magnitude more likely to happen using an existing transnational cooperation framework as compared with the alternative , which i assume would have to be something completely * de nuovo * . 
  btw , the second option is still just as accessible even in the current context - this is to say not very . 
  i have very little patience for the pathological altruism currently on display in berlin , but this sort of knee jerk public reaction is pathetic . 
  it 's this sort of bipolar opinion dynamic which forms the core of any substantive argument against expanding the powers of direct democracy . 
  power , even people power , brings with it an obligation for responsible conduct - this is a clear example of its absence . 
  ok , time for some deep breaths . 
  what would it take to replace this pathetic defeatist ? 
   ... so if you live in the uk and have done for several years i do n't btw . 
  i could see myself moving to a different country , but moving away from the alps would tear my heart to pieces . 
  that works fine for people who move across a border maybe once in their life . 
  but what if you spend your youth in one country , half your working life in another the other half in the third and retire to spain at the end ? 
  i suppose it would depend on what the conditions are for getting citizenship , but why make it binary ? 
  it makes sense that this sort of referendum would be off limits to anyone but the most core electorate , but parliamentary elections seem to be the sort of thing that concerns everyone who 's even a * several years resident * and above . 
  okay, 
  i 'm not . 
  wtf ? 
  do people really need the / s every single time ? 
  it 's not just one data point . 
  it 's a consistent trend . 
  in fact it 's more than one consistent trend . 
  aside from the nimonal amount of ghg emissions going down , there 's also a decoupling between gdp and ghg emission as well as a decoupling between gdp and overall resource consumption . 
  that has to do with nox , not co2 . 
  you can mesure co2 by just looking at the amount of fuel consumed by the eu . 
  easy to get data because of tax records . 
  this goes for a 25 year period . 
  how convenient . 
  no mention of how you ustasha bastards engendered the whole syrian civil war just to screw us over . 
  such balkan behavior !, 
  / s ( i really thought it was obvious ), 
   people will have to fight for them . 
  this could be a good thing . 
  * makes popcorn *, 
  you know that the measurement period is from 1989 onward , right ? 
  esa built most of the non-russian iss modules . 
  do n't believe a word of it but all the christmas and easter stuff is great fun - including the service . 
  being part of the most successful civilisational , intellectual , political , legal , scientific and cultural tradition in recorded history . 
  ( that bit between the fall of rome and the enlightenment - let 's not talk about that ) have i been spending too much time over in / r/yurop ? 
  amount, 
  god , that phrase has become completely meaningless now , has n't it ? 
  is florida the precious in this situation ? 
  remember the maine !, 
  nuke spain !, 
   year of de-fences ftfy, 
  i suppose you 're about to tell me that they 're just on vacation ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's the same system as exists for pharmaceuticals . 
  that is n't a general prohibition with individual exceptions , is it ? 
  b-b-but the unelected beurocrats ... maybe i 'm wrong but it certainly feels unpopular . 
  for a while , i was scrambling to find the ganius 3d chess strategy that putin was executing . 
  after that i was just cofused and scared for a while . 
  now it seems to me that there really is n't a long term plan - no endgame . 
  masha gessen said this early on ( and i did n't believe her ) . 
  according to her , putin 's formative years in the kgb involved a great deal of tactical skill acquisition but nothing in the way of strategy . 
  looks like that 's what we 're seeing . 
  i think gmo-s should be treated like pharmaceuticals .
